VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 164.
SAMPSON MAY ATTACK
SPAIN'S ARMADA TO-MORROW
VIEW OF SAN JUAN, PORTO RICO, WHICH WAS REDUCED BY THE FLEET OF ADMIRAL SAMPSON.
SAN JUAN HAS BEEN REDUCED.
CAPE HAYTIEN, via Hayti, May 12.- -News has just been received here that Admiral Samp
son with his entire fleet bombarded San Juan this morning. I learn that Morro fort was entirely
destroyed.
RORT AU PRINCE, May 12.- -The American fleet, under Admiral Sampson, bombarded San
Juan de Porto Rico to-day. The following are the details of the bombardment thus far received:
The bombardment began this morning. Rear-Admiral Sampson with nine warships arrived
before San Juan just before sunrise. At a signal the battle ship lowa fired the first shot, which took
effect. Then the battle ship Indiana opened fire. In a few minutes Morro fort was reduced to a heap
of ruins. The fort made little effort to respond, and was silenced almost instantly,
The Spanish steamer .Rita was captured by the United States auxiliary cruiser Yale, which
took her crew on board.
Thousands of the population and the foreign consuls sought refuge in the interior of the island.
NEW YORK, May 12.— A special cable to a morning paper from St. Thomas, via Port de
France, Martinique, says: Sampson's fleet arrived off San Juan just before daylight. Word had been
sent ahead that the fortifications were to be bombarded, a notice to women and children, aliens and
others to leave the city and seek safety elsewhere. A shot from the battle-ship lowa began the bom
bardment. Then the Indiana opened from its forward turret with a 13-inch projectile. The walls of
Morro seemed to go into vapor, and ruined masonry and mangled corpses told of the inadequacy of
the scarps and bastions of the older days to withstand the assaults of modern armaments.
The castle soon made reply, but the firing indicated a panic within the fortifications. The first
shot flew far to leeward, bursting harmlessly. The heavy guns on the lowa and Indiana spoke again.
The monitors Puritan and Terror crept closer inshore, their low freeboard presenting a small target
for the forts, and their 10 and 12 inch guns doing tremendous execution against the fortifications.
Morro fired but three shots from her heavy guns. There were but seven shots fired from the
guns of the American ships, and these left Morro Castle a crumbled ruin. The Spaniards pluckily
served their guns as long as there was any hope, but their fire was slow and wild.
Not a single American ship was harmed; not an American seaman was killed or injured; but
at the last accounts the city had not surrendered, though it was completely at Admiral Sampson's
mercy. It had been deserted by the merchants and non-combatants. The foreign Consuls had fol
lowed the refugees into the country, and the troops were reported panic-stricken. The volunteers
had fled.
After the bombardment Sampson withdrew. Two of his vessels are now in St. Thomas, and
they may take with them the schooner Ida Southard, now here with 1000 tons of coal for the fleet.
During the bombardment the torpedo boat Porter, the collier Niagara and an armed tug remained
outside the line of fire observing the contest through glasses. They report seeing a dreadful panic
in San Juan, though no shots were sent into the town.
HAVANA, May 12.— Governor-General Blanco received a cable message to-day from the Cap
tain-General of Porto Rico which says that this morning an American fleet of eleven vessels opened
fire upon the forts, which answered vigorously. The dispatch says that at the time it was sent, 9
A. M., no personal losses had been sustained and little material damage done.
The San Francisco Call
Copyrighted, 1898 by JameS Gordon Bennett
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1898.
MAY FIGHT
IN PORT OF
SAN JUAN
The Big Fleets Are Now
in Close Proximity to
Each Other.
Their Location Ascertained by the
Correspondents of the Herald
and Call.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. PIERRE, Martinique, via Hayti, May 12.
The Spanish torpedo-destroyer Furor arrived at
this port late last night, but immediately put to
sea. Her arrival caused tremendous excitement.
About 5 o'clock this afternoon the Spanish de
stroyer Terror arrived. As I send this dispatch
five Spanish war vessels are in sight, bound
northward, apparently in the direction of Cuba.
They are the Spanish Cape Verde Fleet.
The United States scouting vessel Harvard is
in port. She came in here to send dispatches to
the Government in Washington. As a Spanish
vessel was in port and left after the Harvard ar
rived the port authorities served notice on Cap
tain Cotton that he would not be allowed to leave
until twenty-four hours after the departure of the
Spanish vessel. AMADEE TESTART.
NEW YORK, May 12.—
The above dispatch was
received from the Herald-
Call's special correspondent
at Martinique. It is believed
to be reliable and trustworthy
as he is indorsed by the United
States Consul at that place.
At the outbreak of hostili
ties the Herald and Call, in
order to prepare for just such
emergencies as the present,
communicated with all their
correspondents in the smaller
islands of the Antilles and in
structed them to be particu
larly watchful for the move
ments of the enemy's ships.
The former resident corre
spondent at St. Pierre had re
moved, and a cable dispatch
was sent to the United States
Consul asking him to suggest
the best man on the island
for the place. He promptly
replied, giv ing the name of
Mr. Testart.
This information is the sen
sational sequel to the Herald
and Call publication on May
i that its special dispatch
steamer Avery Hill had fol
lowed the Cape Verde fleet to
sea, and when they disap
peared on the horizon on April
29 they were steaming in a
westerly direction. The fleet
that left Cape Verde consisted
of the first -class cruisers Viz
caya, AlmiranteOquendo, In
fanta Maria Teresa and Cris
tobal Colon, and the three
torpedo destroyers Terror,
Furor and Pluton.
The distance from Cape
Verde to Porto Rico is ap
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
proximately 2486 miles, and
according to the above dis
patch it would seem that the
Spanish squadron proceeded
at the rate of about fourteen
knots an hour. This also
verifies the statement of the
Herald-Call correspondent on
the Avery Hill that the fleet
was steaming at a fast rate of
speed.
The Herald-Call corre
spondents have also
succeeded in definitely
locating Admiral Samp
son's fleet. It is off the
north coast of San Do
mingo, between Monte
Christi and Puerto Plata.
This information was ca
bled to the Herald and Call by
correspondents on the Danish
steamer Tyr, whose presence
in the Danish harbor of St
Thomas caused a diplomatic
protest from the Spanish
Government The Tyr ar
rived yesterday afternoon at
Puerto Plata, San Domingo.
They report that the Span
ish gunboats are cruising off
Hayti in search of the Amer
ican vessels. Upon arriving
the correspondents sent the
following dispatch to the
Herald:
" Puerto Plata, Thurs
day — The Tyr succeeded
in passing the Spanish
gunboats watching the
coast of Porto Rico and
reaching this harbor.
The Spanish Consul at
St. Thomas had our
steamer watched con
stantly and cabled the2
Governor - General of
Porto Rico the news of
ourdeparture. We avoid
ed anything that looked
like a warship and our
voyage was without in
cident.
"A German steamer
that arrived here yes
terday afternoon report
ed five American war
ships off Monte Christi,
followed by three news
paper dispatch boats.
They are undoubtedly
the vessels of Admiral
Sampson's squadron."
NEW YORK, May 12.—
The Washington correspond
ent to the Herald sends the
following:
It was pointed out by the
naval expert with whom 1
taiked to-night that the Span
ish fleet occupied thirteen
days in making the voyage
from St. Vincent to Marti
nique. At this rate its speed
was only seven knots an
hour, and he thought that
this low rate was maintained
because of the saving of coal
that would naturally result
therefrom. St. Pierre, Mar
tinique, from which point the
Herald-Call dispatch i§ dated,
is 42^ miies from San Juan.
At the rate of seven miles an
hour the distance will be
covered within a little more
thai two days, so that by
Saturday evening Rear Ad
miral Sampson's force and
the enemy should be engaged
in battle.
Notwithstanding the inabil
ity of the department to cable
the Herald-Call's information
to Rear Admiral Sampson, it is
the confident expectation of
the authorities that ha will
be advised of the coming of
the Spanish fleet by the Am
erican scouts which are cruis-
ing in the waters of the
Windward Islands.
This means that the scene
of the prospective tattle will
be in the vicinity of San Juan.
Rear Admiral Sampson is
clo'hed with the most liberal
authority as to the manner in
which he shall give battle.
To the minds of naval ex
perts, however, it is evident
ly his purpose to permit the
Spanish fleet to enter the har
bor of San Juan. With his
monitors, which are incapa
ble of making a • speed of
more than twelve knots an
hour, it wouid be impossible
for h'm to pursue the enemy
at sea as the Spanish men-of
war are all swift armored
cruisers, credited with having
a speed of twenty knots an
hour.
It will, therefore, probably
be his policy to* permit the
Spanish fleet to sail into San
Juan harbor and then to block
ade the harbor so as to pre
vent their exit.
LONDON, May 13.— The
Madrid correspondent of the
Daily News, telegraphing
Thursday night, says:
There are signs of manifest
anxiety at the Government
offices. One high personage
is convinced that the hostile
squadrons are in sight of
each other .and that an en
counter is probable within a
few hours.
The Government has re
ceived information that Ad
miral Cererva's voyage to
Martinique was uneventful.
The route to be taken to
Porto Rico is not known
here, but it was embodied in
Admiral Cererva's secret in
structions. He was instructed
to coal at a neutral point and
probably selected Port de
France for that purpose.
SITUATION
DESPERATE
AT MANILA
Dewey Awaits Orders Be
fore Attacking the Span
iards Ashore.
Famine Threatens the City—Ad
miral Montijo Blames His
Own Government.
Copyrighted, ISDB. by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, May 12.— The British
g-unboat Linnet arrived this afternoon
from Manila after a stay of one week
following the battle in Manila Bay.
She brought three passengers from
Manila City, but no mail from the
American fleet, as there had been no
communication on account of a case <•£
plague aboard the Linnet.
I learn that no change in the situa
tion has taken place since I left our
squadron a week ago. Rear-Admiral
Dewey is evidently waiting orders be
fore moving against the Spaniards
ashore.
The condition of the city is rapidly
growing worse. Most of the popula
tion immediately after our victory be
lieved that Rear-Admiral Dewey would
bombard the place, and therefore
moved into the suburbs, taking with
them only the necessaries of life. Food
is very scarce. Only the commonest
quality is obtainable. It is said that
only a few tons of flour remained
when the Linnet sailed, and no sup
plies were coming in from the interior.
It is supposed that there are about
10,000 troops in and near the city. The
insurgents have not yet made an at
tack in force, but their presence in
proximity was well known. The
Spaniards are said to be making wild
efforts to induce the native population
to remain loyal to the Spanish crown.
An insurgent leader is reported as
having been conferring with the Gov
ernment, but no one believes the na
tives can be prevented from seizing the
present opportunity to throw off the
Spanish yoke. The foreign warships
now in Manila Bay are the British
cruiser Immortalite, the French cruiser
Bruix, the German cruisers Kormoran
and Irene and the Japanese cruiser
Akitsushima. It is feared by all for
eigners that the insurgents will loot the
city if the Spaniards are defeated
or forced to evacuate.
Thousands of people are anxious to
get away, but there is no means of con
veying them. The steamer Esmeralda,
which arrived during the battle on
May 1, could take 1200 refugees at $10w
each, if permitted to do so.
Admiral Montijo, when asked the
cause of the Spanish squadron's de
feat, said the blame all belonged to his
Government. He had made requisi
tions for more ships, guns and torpe
does, but all were ignored. He claimed
that beside^ the gunboat Velasco, the
cruiser Antonio de (Jlloa was not in
fighting condition. According to our
view of the battle from the Olympia
the Ulloa was the last Spanish vessel
to cease firing.
Admiral Montijo said that Captain
Cardarzo, commanding the Reina Cris
tina, was alive when he (Montijo) gave
the order to abandon the ship,' which
had been set on fire by American
shells both forward and aft, but Cap
tain Cardarzo is said to have beon
killed by a fragment a moment later.
Admiral Montijo also confirmed the
news that the chaplain was killed, as
well as the boatswarn, gunner and
more than sixty men on the Christina.
He thought about 150 were wounded.
He estimated the total casualties at 400
killeu and sixty wounded aboard tht
ships, and twenty-four killed and 150
wounded ashore, but said the losses
ashore might be much greater.
The admiral confirmed the report that
he would have preferred to make his
fight at Subig Bay, and even went up
Subig Bay a week before the battle
with his squadron to see what coulo
be done there, but the forts were tot>
weak and guns could not be installed
there from the Cavite batteries in less
than a month. He said he felt sure ol
annihilation before the battle began,
but had done the best he could. He
said Rear-Admiral Dewey'had sent him
word that when the war was over h*
would be glad to shake his hand ana
congratulate him on the brave fight he
had made.
Admiral Montijo said he had not
tried to come out from the protection
of the batteries because the American
ships were so much superior to his
own. His flagship had been hit sev
enty times, and was afire at both ends
when he called the Juan de Austria
alongside and transferred his flag to
the latter. The Reina Cristina's steer
ing gear was disabled by a shell that
cut the steam pine heading to the con
dfnsor. Another shell wrecked the
bridge. As Boon as his flag had been
hoisted on the Juan de Austria the lat
ter ship became a target for the Ameri
can guns with deadly effect. Then, see
ing that further fighting was useless,
he signaled his captains to scuttle
their ships and go ashore.
Among the persons brought to Hong
kong by the Linnet was Chief En
gineer McKinley of the transport Isla
de Mlndanoa, one of the vessels de
stroyed. When the battle began the
Isla de Mindanoa steamed away from
the other Spanish ships and was backed
about two miles away. About noon
Admiral Dewey, not wishing to have
his eighteen guns loaded, turned them
on the stranded transport, thinking her
wholly abandoned. Her crew were at
dinner, but did not stay for dessert.
She was burned by the Concord, and
the crew spent several very unhappy
nights before they reached Manila.
For the following information I am
indebted to Mr. Wildman. American
Consul here, who tells me that accord
ing to his dispatches a flag of truce is
flying over Manila, and the people are
allowed to proceed freely to and from
the ships in the harbor.
The Americans are on duty night and
day on the lookout for boats which en
deavor to run the blockade with food
supplies. The hospital Is supported by
Americans. Spaniards are boasting
that their bis battle-ship Pelayo is
coming and will demolish t he Ameri
cans in ten minutes.
The Diario de Manila of May 4, the
first time of its publication after the
battle, says: "When the enemy's
squadron was sighted in perfect line of
battle through the clouds of misty
dawn on the morning of May 1 gloom
and surprise were general among the
people at Manila. The inequality of
our batteries compared with those of
the American squadron, which alarmed
the inhabitants of Manila at 6 o'clock
in the morning, was enough to tranß
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MAY 13, 1898.
form the tranquil character of our
tropical temperaments.
While the ladies and children in car
riages or on foot fled in fright to seek
refuge in the outlying suburbs and ad
jacent villages around the capital from
dangers multiplied by their imagina
tions, every man, from the most stately
personage to the most humble work
man, merchants, mechanics, Spaniards,
natives, soldiers, civilians, all we re
peat, sought their stations and put on
their arms, confident that never should
the enemy land at Manila unless he
i passed over their corpses. Although
i from the first moment the strength of
the enemy's armor and power of his
guns demonstrated that his ships were
invulnerable to our energies and our
armaments, the hostile squadron would
never have entered our bay had not
i its safety been guaranteed by its man
j if<»st superiority. The city walls, church
i towers, roofs of high buildings and all
! high places convenient for observation
| were occupied by those who were not
I retained by their military duties with-
I in the walls, on bridges or at advanced
I posts.
The slightest details of the enemy's
; ships were eagerly noted as they ad
i vanced toward Cavite, in a line paral
! lei with the beaches of Manila, as
! though they had just come out of the
j Pasig River. There were no gaps in
| the line, but the curious public hardly
I realized the disparity between their
| great guns and the pieces mounted on
i our fortifications. Some had glasses
I and others were without them, but all
I seemed to devour with their eyes these
| strangers, who, while brave, were not
called upon to show their courage,
since the range of their guns and the
i weakness of our batteries enabled
'■ them to preserve immunity, while do
j ing as much harm as they pleased.
I All who appreciated the impunity with
' which the hostile ships maneuvered
! as if on harmless parade were full of
j such rage and desperation as belong
I to the brave man who can make no
! use of his courage.
WASHINGTON. May 12.— The United
i States will establish a temporary gov
ernment over the Philippine Islands.
Orders have been issued for Major-
I General Merritt, now commanding the
j Department of the East at New York,
;to proceed to Manila with the least
! possible delay for the purpor.e of as
i suming the office of military Governor.
:of the Philippines. Similar orders to
proceed to the Philippines were sent to
Major-General E. S. Otis, commanding
the Department of the Colorado, at
Denver, who has recently been released
I from duty as president of the court
i martial which tried Captain O. M. Car
ter of the engineer corps.
Orders to General Otis direct him to
report to General Merritt for duty un
! der his direction in the Philippine Isl-
I ands. General Otis will be second in
I command ai.d will act as military Gov
ernor of the islands in case of the ab
! sence o* disability of General Merritt.
Orders were also issued for an army
! corps of about 12.000 men for immedi
ate duty in the Philippines. This corps
will be made up of regulars and volun
teer organizations stationed on the Pa
cific Coast and in the far Western
j States. General Merritt was at the
j War Department to-day in consultation
with the Secretary of War, General
Mll^p and the bureau chiefs with re
j gard to the organization of the expedi
tion.
Prompt action will be hod in the
matter with a view to having the
troops make an early start on their
long voyage across the Pacific. Gen
eral Merritt will leave this afternoon
for New YoTk to arrange his private
affairs preparatory to departure for
San Francisco as soon as possible.
Complete arrangements have been
made for the equipment, transporta
tion and subsistence of the troops and
they will be able to start for Manila
shortly after the arrival at San Fran-
cisco.
PROCLAIMING THE BLOCKADE.
President McXinley to Formally No
tify the Powers To-Day.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
President McKlnley will formally pro
claim to-morrow the institution and
maintenance of the blockade of Manila,
the capital of the Philippines.
Such a proclamation is in course of
preparation at the State Department,
and it will be presented to the Presi
dent for his signature to-morrow
morning. Likewise a notification will
be sent to the representatives of the
powers of the world, notably Great
Britain, Germany, Russia, France,
Netherlands, Japan and China, inform
ing them of the action of this Govern
ment. Such a notification will be in
terpreted to extend to the citizens of
the respective countries once it has
been communicated to the govern
ments, and neutral vessels will accord
ingly be subject to seizure, provided
they sail after warning has been given.
The preparation of the proclamations
was the result of a dispatch received by
Secretary Long this afternoon from
Rear Admiral Dewey announcing the
maintenance of "a strict blockade." It
developed to-day that the institution of
the blockade was in accordance with
the plans prepared by the Naval War
Board and Rear Admiral Dewey before
the attack on the Philippines was be
gun.
The blockade now being enforced by
Rear Admiral Dewey's squadron is
known in international law as a simple
or de facto blockade. There is a great
distinction between the blockade he has
instituted and that being maintained
by the North Atlantic squadron. In
case of capture the rules of evidence
which are applicable to one kind of
blockade are entirely inapplicable to
the other, and what a neutral vessel
might lawfully do in the case of a sim
ple blockade would be sufficient cause
for condemnation in case of a govern
mental blockade. A simple blockade
is constituted merely by the fact of an
investment and without the necessity
of public notification. This kind of
blockade which is being maintained by
Deweys' ships will end to-morrow when
the President's proclamation will mark
the beginning of the governmental
blockade.
It is expected that the President's
proclamation will permit the neutral
vessels in the harbor of Manila suffi
cient time to leave as was cone in the
case of the blockade of Havana and
other Cuban ports. It will state that
an efficient force will be posted so as
to prevent the'entrance or exit of ves
sels, and announce that any neutral
vessels approachin- Manila without
notice or knowledge of the tstabllsh
ment of the blockade will be duly
warned by the commander of the block
ading force, who will note such warn
ing on her log and if the same vessel
should again attempt to enter the
blockaded port she would be seized.
It will be an easy matter for Rear-
Admiral Dewey to blockade Manila.
All that will be necessary will be the
stationing of the McCulloch and an
other gunboat, like the Petrel, at the
entrance to the two channels leading
into the harbor. As he is in possession
of Cavite arsenal, etc., and has the city
under his guns, it will be impossible for
a blockade runner to pass his guns and
attempt to land supplies for the Span
iards. Satisfactory results are ex
pected from the maintenance of the
blockade. An important eff ct will be
to prevent supplies from reaching the
Spanish troops from the sea.
The insurgents can be depended upon
to capture all the supplies coming over
land. The Spaniards in the Philippines
are In the same situation as those in
Havana, and their condition wll! make
them a much easier prey for Uncle
Sam when the troops reach Manila,
thirty days hence.
CHARGED WITH
INCOMPETENCY
Allegations Against the
School Principal of
San Rafael.
Board of Education Meeting
To-Night Promises a
Sensation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 12.— T0-morrow
night this city will be treated to a
genuine sensation. At that time the
Board of Education will meet, and be
fore it will come charges against George
H. Boke, principal of the local gram
mar and high schools.
The charges in the main are Profes
sor Boke'a incapacity for the position
he now occupies, and are preferred by
Professor A. C. Abshire, the vice-prin
cipal. It is now known that these al
legations were made some time ago and
were to have been acted on at the last
meeting of the board, but for reasons
known only to the members of that
body the hearing of the charges was
postponed until the session to-morrow
evening.
The document prepared by Professor
Abshire comprises two closely type
written pages. It is alleged in these
written charges that Professor Boke is
in no wise fitted to hold the position of
principal for either the grammar or the
high school, that he has entirely failed
to lay out a proper course of study for
the pupils, and, lastly — this being the
most serious allegation of all — that the
principal has shown decided favoritism
in the grnwtat'ion of pupils.
That these charges, made as they
are by the vice principal, a man who is
known throughout the entire State as
an educator of note, will make a tre
mendous sensation in educational cir
cles is not to be doubted for a moment.
Professor Abshire was 6ne of the two
instructors chosen by the Sonoma
Board of Education to prepare a list of
questions to be answered by appli
cants for a cadetship at West Point in
1894. The 'ther was Professor Bull of
Healdsburpr.
The written charges are now In the
hands of Secretary Hanson of the
Board of Education. All the parties to
the affair nfuse to be Interviewed. It Is
asserted in some quarters that a quiet
move tending toward "whitewashing"
is on foot. But. there are others who
are dissatisfied with Principal Boko,
among them being Attorney Henry
Eiekhoff, president of the Board of
Town Tru^f.es, and Professor Abshire
will not Ja''k support.
THE ATTITUDE CF
AUSTRIA-HUNGARY.
Baron Banffy Explains That There Is
No Necessity for a Proclama
tion of Neutrality.
BUDAPEST, May 12.— Baron Banffy,
replying to an interpellation in the
lower house of the Diet to-day, said:
"The Government has not thought it
necessary to issue a formal declara
tion of neutrality in the present war.
Although it is unfortunate that the
war could not be prevented, it does not
follow that Austria-Hungary is called
upon to adopt a special attitude in the
matter. The friendly relations of Aus
tria-Hungary with both powers imply
an unconditional neutrality, without a
formal declaration. Moreover, an offi
cial declaration of neutrality would not
correspond with Austria-Hungary's
practice in similar cases, as she has
only thrice done so during the present
century, and then when the belliger
ents were Austria-Hungary's imme
ate neighbors."
The Premier added: "The Govern
ment is of the opinion that there is no
occasion to take special measures for
the security of the Hungarians in the
j United States, as it is quite out of the
question that they will experience an
noyance or unfavorable treatment.
Also, in view of the belligerents' repu
diation of privateering, there is no rea
son to fear Austria-Hungarian ship
ping will suffer from restrictive or il
legal treatment. The statement pub
lished to the effect that the American
Government has demanded of Austria-
Hungary an unconditional declaration
of neutrality is totally untrue."
GERMANY'S NEUTRALITY
NOT TO BE DOUBTED.
Hint to the English, French and
Austrian Newspapers on the
Nation's Stand.
BERLIN, May 12.— The semi-official
North German Gazette this afternoon,
in denying a reported interview be
tween Emperor William and United
States Embassador White relative to
the German Government's attitude to
ward the United States, says: "The
Americans cannot doubt the character
of our strict and perfectly loyal neu
trality after the repeated official dec
larations."
The North German Gazette adds:
"Let this also be a hint to the English,
French and Austrian newspapers,
which are so anxious to represent the
Government and public opinion of Ger
many as hostile to the President and
people of the United States. The im
perial policy has a right to feel conn
dent that its more than a century of
friendship to a state in which millions
of Germans have found a second home
will not be disturbed without argent
reasons."
PURE WATER
NOW ASSURED
Success Finally Crowns
Persistent Efforts of
The Call.
Saeramentans to Be Protected
Against the Sewage From
Folsom Prison.
State Officials Join the Chamber of
Commerce Committee in the
Good Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, May 12.— The Call's
victory for the people of Sacramento is
now assured. Yesterday afternoon a
committee from the Chamber of Com
merce consisting of President D. A.
Lindley, Secretary J. O. Coleman and
Legal Adviser Alvin jr Bruner took
hold of the matter of the prison sewage
at Folsom, and it can be said with cer
tainty that their efforts will bring
about the desired result.
Armed with a copy of The Call con
taining the interview of Dr. Matthews,
the committee visited the Capitol for
the purpose of first seeing the doctor, in
order to secure his co-operation in their
plan to present the urgency of the sit
uation to the State Board of Examiners.
The committee next visited the Secre
tary of State, Hon. L. H. Brown, and,
much to their satisfaction, not only
found Mr. Brown in perfect sympathy
with them, but before they left he had
telephoned to Folsom regarding the
matter and prmised to do everything
in his power to the end sought.
In an Interview this morning with
The Call correspondent the Secretary of
State said: "Delays are dangerous,
particularly when the health of the
people is at stake. When the gentle
men from the Chamber of Commerce
visited me yesterday I congratulated
them on the evident interest they were
taking in this all absorbing question of
pure drinking water for our people.
Two of our men in the building are
now confined to their beds with typhoid
fever, and I am firmly of the belief that
much more sickness will come early in
the fall unless something is done with
the sewage which is now dumped into
the American Rif er."
When asked what course he advised
the committee to pursue Mr. Brown re
plied:
'"They should first go to the Board of
Prison Directors and have them lay the
facts before the Board of Examiners,
who have the authority to provide the
means whereby Warden Aull can con
struct a sewage plant similar to the
one contemplated in the Ennis Assem
bly bill, which passed the House but
was defeated in the Senate last session.
I have committed myself to a favorable
vote on the proposition, and believe I
am entirely Justified in the premises.
This is an unusual year, one hardly
contemplated, and as a State offlctal I
believe it my duty to provide the means
by which the State at least will be ab
solved from the awful responsibility
which must rest somewhere in the
event of a deadly epidemic."
So encouraged did the committee feel
after their interview with Mr. Brown
that they immediately decided upon a
systematic and aggressive campaign
against the threatening evil.
D A. Lindley, in company with an
engineer, left for the prison at Folsom
this morning with a view of ascertain
ing the exact cost of the proposed
plant. The purpose of such action was
to fortify themselves with facts which
would serve a practicable purpose in
their petition to both the Board of Pris
on Directors and the Board of Exam
iners.
The Prison Board meets next Satur
day at San Quentin. At that meeting
the committee from the Chamber of
Commerce will present the question and
ask for a favorable consideration at the
hands of the board. If successful they
will then present the recommendation
to the Board of Examiners, and it is
hoped that before the month of May
has passed the people of Sacramento
will have an opportunity of rejoicing
at a deliverance long prayed for.
The action of the Chamber of Com
merce dispensed with the necessity ot
proceeding criminally against Warden
Aull. consequently Trustee Paine has
not insisted upon the issuance of the
warrant. On the other hand, the pres
ent course will no doubt result much
more satisfactorily, as no one wants to
see the Warden subjected to a prose
cution, when It is known that no one
has been more emphatic in condemn
ing the present practice than the War
den himself. While Trustee Paine has
been relieved of an unpleasant duty,
his action in declaring his intention of
swearing to the complaint no doubt flid
much toward stimulating a more con
servative and effectual proceeding.
D. A. Lindley. president of the Cham
ber of Commerce, returned this even
ing from Folsom, where he had gone
for the purpose of consulting with the
Warden on the question of the prison
sewage. Mr. Lindley, in an interview
wiht The Call correspondent this even-
ing, said:
"My trip to Polsom was a most satis
factory one, and the result of my meet
ing with the Warden will be an Imme
diate step toward the end of our pur
pose. Warden Aull is in hearty accord
with the proposition to construct a
sewage plant at the prison, as the pres
ent practice is not only an injustice to
the people of Sacramento but the health
of the prisoners is in constant danger.
The Warden expressed a desire to have
the matter brouerht up at the meeting
which will be held in Folsom, and I am
in favor of complying with the re
quest.
"Consequently we may not appear be
fore the board at San Quentin Satur
day, I»ut wait until they have their
meeting at Folsom the following week."
TO UTILIZE THE SEWAGE.
Governor Budd's Practical Sugges-
tions on the Subject.
A sewage plant at Folsom State
Prison may be constructed if the State
Board of Examiners authorizes the cre
ation of a deficiency in the appropria
tion for the support of the prison.
In regard to this subject Governor
Budd was interviewed yesterday. He
remarked: "No deficiency can be cre
ated by the State Board of Examiners
unless application for its allowance is
made by the State Board of Prison
Directors. Should the directors make
the application the Attorney-General
and myself would vote in favor of cre
ating a deficiency to provide a sewage*
plant at Folso..i.
"I do not believe in draining the sew
age of the prison Into the American
River. The sewage should be secured
and utilized as a fertilizing agent. Med
ical experts are familiar with such
methods of disposing of sewage. I have
not the time now to go into details
on the proposition to creat a deficiency.
I can say that the State Board of Ex
aminers might meet in San Francisco
or Sacramento without delay to con
sider an application from the Board of
Prison Directors."
SPANISH
CRISIS MAY
MEAN PEACE
Remodeling of the Cabinet
With Sagasta Still at
the Head.
Four Warlike Ministers Give Way
to Less Belligerent
Successors.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID. May 12.— Though a Cabi
net crisis is not yet officially announced
there is no longer a shadow of a doubt
that it exists and is very acute, for
the Government is and has been for
several days one in name only. It is
in the position of a retiring partnership
being brought into order and plans for
future financial operations of the firm
perfected. This will occupy a very
little time longer.
Within probably a couple of days the
guidance of Spain's destinies will be
turned over, if not entirely to fresh
hands, at any rate to a Ministry that
will contain at least three new mem
bers. That is to cay, every one is
convinced that nothing is to be gained
by the retirement of Senor Sagasta
from the position of president of the,
council, while it is of vital importance
that Senors Moret, Gullon and Bermejo
be replaced in the portfolios of the colo
nies, foreign affairs and marine.
Who will succeed them in their re
spective posts is still an open ques
tion. It is, however, almost certain
that the Colonial Minister will be tak
en from among Senor Gamazo's imme
diate followers, with the object of con
solidating the Liberal party and gain
ing for the Government the most uni
ted support possible that it can obtain
In the country, where there are well
nigh as many political parties as Sen
ators and Deputies..
Whoever may be selected to fill the
sixteen vacancies that already virtually
exist, the Government's strength will
be materially greater that it could
possibly have been had Senor Sagasta
succeeded in avoiding a crisis. In
deed, changes in the Cabinet, if not al
together of the Government, were a ne
cessity in the present state of Span
ish affairs.
No Ministry that included Senors
Moret and Gullon could possibly enter
upon negotiations for peace with
America on the basis of the cession of
Cuba and Porto Rico, which, I have
the best authority for saying, the new
Cabinet will do immediately after it is
formed. The importance, therefore, to
America of the political situation here
is manifest and no secret.
Senor Gullon was one of the stumb
ling blocks in the way or a peaceful so
lution of the question at issue between
America and Spain even before war
was declared. His removal became im
perative from the moment the Manila
disaster made it clear that to carry on
a warlike policy any further meant the
ruin of Spain.
As a man closely identified with the
scheme of an autonomist Cabinet
Senor Moret could not possibly retain
office after the failure of his scheme
to secure that peace which he
claimed it would be the only
means of obtaining. It will be
a long time before his countrymen
forgive his phrase, "Autonomy means
peace." His retirement, therefore,
also a necessity.
Admiral Bermejo is held too muc
responsible in the public mind for h
lack of foresight which led to the d
feat at Manila for his retention in a r
modeled Cabinet to be even considere
These three changes, therefore, a
logically certain to be made. I can al
state that it is actually determined
make them. My authority is one of t
most prominent statesmen at the pre
ent juncture. In the course of a co
versation with him yesterday, in whi
he gave me a lucid exposition of th
present situation, he said: "It wou
be idle to deny that the Governmen
no matter from which party It
drawn, must devote its energies to r
establishing peaceful relations with t
United States. War cannot be pr
longed. Even should Spain win a nava
engagement in Antlllian waters,
would only make matters more de
perate by wounding the America
amour propre, while should she lose
the terms the United States would a
as the price of concluding peace wou
be only more severe.
"This all parties! — no matter of what
political color— are agreed upon. The
only thin* therefore, left for Spain to
do is to try to secure peace upon the
most favorable terms possible now. As
every declaration of President McKin
ley has been dictated with the avowed
object of securing the Independence of
Cuba and Porto Rico, the most respon
sible men here are convinced that to
fight any longer would be folly, wh;
peace might be secured and the Phill
pines retained by giving up the Spa
ish possessions in the Antilles.
"I may add that it Is pretty gene
ally known that Senor Moret advise
this step as long ago as April 20, upo
the very eve of the virtual declaratio
of war, when Spain broke off dipl
matic relations with the United State
Much progress has been made sine
then in realization of the grave dang
Spain is in. At that time it is probab
that not a single member of Sagasta
Cabinet, with the exception of Seno
Moret himself, would have even dis
cussed such a solution of the problem
Now, and only three weeks later, tl
Ministry Is said to be looking upon
as the only satisfactory one possible.
"Of course," my informant contlnue(
"such a step necessitated the removal
of Senor Moret. This will be done when
the crisis is officially made public. With
his disappearance the Government finds
itself in a position to secure peace un
embarrassed by former pledges ana
declarations.
"At the same time the responsibility
for satisfactorily settling the difficulty
naturally devolves upon the Liberals.
All parties, therefore, are at once con
sidering that Sagasta be retained at
the head of the remodeled Cabinet.
"This means, to put it briefly, that
Admiral Bermejo and Senor Gullon are
to resign their portfolios when the Min
istry is reconstructed, and the Govern
ment will try to secure peace by every
means in its power, even should it call
for giving up Porto Rico and Cuba, so
long as the Philippines are retained
by Spain."
This decision of the Government
seems confirmed by the unaccountable
delay In the meeting of the fleets on
the other side of the Atlantic. There
seems every reason to believe that the
Ministry realizes how serious a de
cisive engagement must be for Spain,
no matter w nether the result be vio-i
tory or defeat.
If this reasoning: is sound the pros
j pects for early peace are not at all
black. Senor Gullon's removal, too,
heightens the chances in its favor. He
was certainly General Woorlford's bete
noir, and with him and Senor Mo ret §
out of the Cabinet there should be noJ"
I great difficulty in signing a treaty of
; peace upon a basis in accordance with
the spirit of President McKinley'a
declarations and at the same time
spare as much as possible Spain's sus-.
ceptibilities.
SPANIARDS TURN
OUT INjGRtAT NUMBER.
Madrid's Population Witnesses si
Bull Fight to Provide Funds
for the Navy.
MADRID, May 12.— 1t seemed this
afternoon as if the entire population of
Madrid was thronging to the bull ring.
At the patriotic bull fight to raise funds
for the navy, as at the recent gala per
formance, there was a grand patriotio
turnout. But the latter was an ex
pression of patriotism on the part of
the aristocracy, and to-day it was the
people who expressed the patriotic feel
ing. The seats sold at fabulous prices,
all the receipts being devoted to th&
navy fund. Every available vehicle was
requisitioned and thousands on foot
formed a long procession waiting- ad
mission and all wearing the national
colors, the women having the yellow
and red of Spain in their hair and on,
their breasts, the men displaying the
colors at their buttonholes or in their
cravats, while the trappings of the
horses were bedecked with the Spanish
colors. The stores were closed and the
cafes packed with people heatedly dis
cussing the probabilities of the war.
Nobody dared speak of peace.
OREGON AND MARIETTA
ARE NOW BOUND NORTH.
Having Been Coaled the Battle-ship
and Gunboat Depart From
Bahia.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
RIO DE JANEIRO, May 12.— The bat
tle-ship Oregon and the gunboat Mar
ietta, having coaled to their fullest
capacity, left Bahia yesterday bound
north. Their destination is not known,
but It is assumed that they will pro
ceed direct to Key West.
POINTE-A-PETRE, via Hayti, May
12. — The auxiliary cruiser St. Louis left
Basse-Terre last night after receiving
cable instructions from Washington.
Her destination is unknown.
De Vries Indorses Dickinson.
WASHINGTON, May 12.—Represen
tative De Vries to-day sent to the Pres
ident, as a member of the California
delegation, an Indorsement of Genaral
Dickinson as brigadier-general.
POWER.
The fee/ing of power is as splendid a one
as there is in the world. When you know*
that you are equal to any task that may 6»>
placed before you, you cannot but feel proud.
But how few men there are in the different
stations of life who are full of it. Much
fewer than you would imagine. Loss of
strength is caused in men from causes too
numerous to mention. Over-exertion is on*
of the commonest. An individual, instead of
exercising all of his functions in equal pro-
portion, uses some to excess. And as a mat-
ter of consequence he begins to get weak.
But there is at least one way in which ha
may recover his strength. It is by using
the "Hudyan" treatment. If he does ha wilt
pass through the following stages:
The power is going fast.
Prcmatureness always.
Loss stopped.
Confidence returns.
Health and full vigor a»ain.
But beware. "Hudyan" fan be had only
from Hudsonian doctors, and it is the one
thing that will restore to you your full and
perfect health. If you have abused your
rights granted you by nature do not be dis-
couraged. "Hudyan" will give you your
power back. Send for free circulars and
testimonials showing what it has done for
20,000 other sufferers. You can have med-
ical advice free, too, if you will but ask for
it And then, again, if there is any blood
taint in your body ask for "30-day blood
cure" circulars. They are free, too. That
remarkable cure expels all traces of the
poison from your system and makes you as
clean as a new-born babe. It is as certain
to cure all such cases as "Hudyan" is to
restore
POWER.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS*
San Francisco, Cal.KILLED IN AN
ENGAGEMENT IN
CARDENAS HARBOR
Ensign Barley and Four of the Crew of
the Winslow the First Victims
of the War.
An Attack Made Upon the Land Batteries and Ves
sels of the Enemy Guarding the Port
Results Disastrously to Men on One
Torpedo-Boat.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 12.—Ameri
ca's first dead fell yesterday in a fierce
and bloody combat off Cardenas, on the
t north coast of Cuba, Five men were
blown to pieces and five were wounded
on the torpedo boat Winslow. The
dead are:
WORTH BAGLEY. ensign.
JOHN VARVEREZ. oiler.
JOHN DANIELS, first-class fireman.
JOHN MEEK first-class fireman.
JOSIAH TI'WELL (colored), cabin
cook.
The wounded are: R. E. Cox, gun
ner's mate; D. McKeown, quartermas
ter: J. Patterson, fireman; F. Gray;
Lieutenant J. B. Bernadou.
The battle lasted thirty-five minutes.
THE FIGHT IN CARDENAS BAY— THE HUDSON TRYING TO TOW THE WINSLOW OUT OF THE ZONE OF FIRE
It wfis between the torpedo-boat Wins
low, the auxiliary tug Hudson and the
gunboat Wilmington on the one side
and the Cardenas batteries and four
Spanish gunboats on the other. The
Wlnslow was the main target of the
enemy, and was put? out of service.
The other American vessels were not
damaged, except that the Hudson's two
ventilators were slightly scratched by
flying shrapnel.
The enemy's loss is largely conjec
tural. One of their gunboats caught
fire and the men of the Hudson think
It sank. The fire spread to the bar
recks and swept away several small
warehouses, and for a time the whole
water front seemed to be ablaze. The
Hudson's crew also believe that two
at destroyers were
disabled, but they admit that their esti
mates of the damage is largely guess
work, as the action whs too sharp for
outside observations to be made.
The Winslow wius within 2500 yards
of the shore when the shells struck
her. How she carme to be so close was
told by her commander. Lieutenant
John Bernadou. He said: "We were
making observations when the enemy
opened fire on us. The Wilmington or
dered us to go in and attack the gun
boats. We went in under full steam,
and there's the result." He was on the
Hudson when he said this, and with
the final words he pointed to a huddle
of American flags on the deck near by.
Under the stars and stripes were out
lined five rigid forms.
The engagement took place inside the
harbor of Cardenas. The gunboat Wil
mington, the torpedo boat Winslow
at:d the gunboat Hudson were tl>S only
vessels engaged. They entered the har
bor for the purpose of attacking some
Spanish gunboats which were known to
be there. These latter, however, were
not seen by the American force
until the Spaniards opened fire. The
land batceries of Cardenas supported
the fire of the Spanish gunboats.
The engagement commenced at 2:05
p. m. and lasted for about an hour. The
wounded are: B. E. Cox, gunners'
mate; D. McKeon, quartermaster; J.
Patterson, fireman; F. Gray; Lieuten
ant J. B. Bernadou. All are slightly
wounded except Patterson, whose con
dition is serious.
The battle, while it lasted, was ter
rific. The Wilmington and the Hud-
Bon fired on the Spanish boats, which
were lying at the dock. The firing be
gan at a rantro of 3500 yards. A few min
utes later the Winslow came up and
also opened fire. In an instant the en
tire attention of the Spanish gunboats
and land batteries was directed upon
her
I From all sides shot and shell poured
on the little torpedo boat. The Wil
ington and the Hudson still kept up
leir fire, but tjjey could not turn aside
le terrible stArm' of fire and death
juring in upon the torpedo boat.
The crew of the Winslow, however,
ever faltered for a second. At 2:30
Bolid shot crashed into the hull of
ie Winslow and knocked out her
Mer. In an instant she began to roll
id rock helplessly. Then there was a I
loment of awful suspense. A cheer
' triumph went up from the Spaniards
i the gunboats and in the batteries
id again a storm of fire was opened
p on the helpless boat.
The gunboat Hudson, which was ly
ing near by, started to the assistance
of the Winslow. She ran alongside the
torpedo-boat and tried to throw a line
to the imperiled crew. Up to this
ftime, with the exception of one shot,
which disabled the boiler of the Wins
low. the firing of the Spanish gunboats
had been wild, but as the Winslow lay
rolling in the water the range grew i
closer and shells begrn to explode all I
about her. It was difficult for the I
Hudson to set near enough to throw a I
line to the Winslow's crew, so terrible
was the fire all about her.
Finally, after about twenty minutes,
the Hudson approached near enough to
. throw a Tine.
Ensign Bagley and six men were
standing in a group on the deck of the
Winslow.
"Heave her, heave her," shouted Bag
ley as he looked toward the comman
der of the Hudson and called for a
line.
"Don't miss it," shouted an officer
from the Hudson, and with a smile
Bagley called back, "Let her come. It's
getting too hot here for comfort."
The line was thrown and about the
same instant a shell burst in the very
midst of the group of men on board the
Winslow.
Ragley was instantly killed and a
few others dropped about him. Half
a dozen more fell groaning on the
blood-stained deck. One of the dead
men pitched headlong over the side of
the boat, but his feet caught in the
iron rail and he was hauled back.
Bagley's body was stretched on the
deck with his face completely torn
away and the upper part of his body
shattered.
It, was a terrible moment. The tor
pedo-boat, disabled and helpless, rolled
and swayed under the fury of the fire
from the Spanish gunboats.
When the shell burst in the group on
board the Winslow another wild shout
of triumph went un *-nm the Spanish
boats and batteries and again a heavy
fire was opened on the torpedo-boat.
Finally the Hudson succeeded in get
ting a line on board the Winslow and
was towing her in the deadly range
when the line parted again and both
boats were at the mercy of the Spanish
fire.
At 3:05 p. m. the Hudson managed to
get another line on the deck of the
Winslow, but there were only three
men left at that time to make it fast.
The line was finally secured and the
MEN WHOM THE
NATION MOURNS.
First American Patriots Sac
rificed on the Altar of
Cuban Independence.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 11.— Sad news came to the
Navy Department this morning of the blockading fleet of
the Cuban fleet telling of the killing of five American
sailors, the first to shed their life blood for the country
since the outbreak of the war.
The press telegrams had already announced that the
Hudson had arrived at Key West bringing In the body of
Ensign Worth Bagley, but as no other names were given
at first the officials were very anxious to learn who the
other victims were. At half-past 10 a brief telegram came
addressed to the Secretary of hhe Navy. It read as follows:
"KEY WEST. Fla.. May 12.— Secretary of the Navy:
In an action off Cardenas yesterday with Spanish gun
boats and batteries and the blockading vessels the follow
ing men were killed on the torpedo boat Winslow:
"WORTH BAGLEY. Ensign, U. S. N.
"JOHN VARVERES, oiler.
"J. DENFO. fireman, first class.
"GEORGE B. MEEK, fireman, first class.
"ELIJAH B. TUNNELL, cabin cook.
"The dead and wounded arrived on the United States
steamer Hudson this morning. The dead will be burled to
day. REMEY."
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MAY 13, 1898.
Winslow was towed up to Pedras Isl
and, where she was anchored with her
dead and wounded on deck. There
some men from the Hudson went on
board the Winslow and took the most
seriously wounded men off. Three who
were taken on board the Machias died
shortly afterward.
At 9:15 p. m. yesterday the Hudson
with the dead bodies and some of the
wounded started for Key West, arriv
ing here at 8 o'clock this morning.
Commander Bernadou of the Winslow
was wounded on the left leg, but not
seriously.
Lieutenant Bernadou, with the sur
geon bending over him, told the story
of the battle to a correspondent as
calmly as if talking of the weather. He
began :
I ""We went under full speed to attack
I the Spanish boats in the harbor, and
'■ you know the result. We went under
' orders from the commander of the Wil
: mington. Our boat is badly damaged,
| but she will be brought here for re
! pairs, and I think she will be ready for
service again in two weeks.
Continuing:, the lieutenant said: "The
Winslow was the worst Injured and had
five of her men killed, and I don't know
haw many injured. We were ordered
to attack the Spanish gunboats at Car
denas. We steamed in under full head,
and were fired upon as soon as we were
in rangre. The Spanish boats were tied
up at the docks and had a fair range
on us. The batteries on shore also
opened on us, and I think we received
most of the fire. I don't know whether
any one was hurt on the Wilmington
or the Hudson, but I think not.
"I have no fault to find with the Win
slow's crew. They acted nobly all the
; way through. The men who were killed
fell at the same time. We were stand
ing in a group and the aim of the Span
ish was perfect. A shell burst in our
\ very faces."
The dead and wounded brought here
1 by the Hudson were taken in small
LIEUTENANT JOHN B. BERNADOU, U. S. N.
One o? the Men Who Were Wounded on the Torpedo-Boat Wlnslow In the
Action Before Cardenas.
boats to the Government docks. This
was the first news of the engagement
to reach Key West.
No time was lost in ministering to the
i wounded. A quick call was sent to the
marine hospital and an ambulance
came clattering down to the dock. In
the meantime the news had spread
j and crowds gathered about the dock,
j but there was no demonstration. The
! success of the American ships in every
! action thus far has been so overwhelm
- ing that it was hard to realize that
I death had at last come to some of our
I men. Ensign Bagley was about 26
i years old, and while the fleet was sta
: tioned here he was one of the most pop
; ular men in the service. The news of
■ his death came as a terrible shook to
: all who knew him. It has always been
• a foregone conclusion that the torpedo
i boat was among the first to fall, as the
I work is most dangerous, but in spite of
; this, when the fleet was stationed here
i and changes in assignments were fre
| quently made, all the young men of the
! service were eager for torpedo boat
; duty.
The Hudson shows the effect of the
fight. Her smo-kestack is punctured
i with bullet holes and her cabin and
decks are smashed and splintered.
The Winslow's dead are now lying
at an undertaking establishment. They
were taken there in a rough wagon,
still covered by the stars and stripes.
The rude conveyance was followed by
! a large crowd, and all day long the
: doors of the shop have been surround
ed by a large gathering. Naval offi
cers, marines and sailors went there
to look upon the faces of their dead
comrades.
Some of the bodies show fearful
wounds. Ensign Bagley was literally
torn to pieces. His body will be em
balmed and shipped home.
Oiler Varveres had his throat cut
open by a sharp piece of shell, which
apparently severed his windpipe as if
slashed with a razor.
Fireman Daniels had his left shoul
der ripped up and the right side of his
head torn open.
The body of Tunnell, the colored
cook, shows no wounds.
Fireman Meek was hit in the groin.
No orders for the disposition of the
bodies have yet been issued.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— The ves
sels blockading Cardenas were the
gunboat Machias, torpedo-boats Foote
1 and Winslow and revenue-cutter Hud-
I son.
Secretary Long promptly wired to
i Commodore Remey at Key West for
details of the affair.
Ensign Bagley was a native of North
Carolina. His mother Mrs. W. H. Bag
! ley, resides at 125 South street, Raleigh,
;N. C. Bagley was appointed to the Na
! val Academy in September, 1891, from
I the Fourth District of North Carolina.
i He graduated June 30 last year, and
was appointed an ensign on the day
j following. While a cadet attached to
i the academy he was assigned to make
! cruises in the Texas, Montgomery, In
j diana and Maine. Upon being appoint
! Ed an ensign last June he was assigned
to duty on the Indiana, but in the fol
i lowing month was transferred to the
! Maine. He served in that ship until
j November 23 last, when he was or
i dered to the Columbian Iron Works for
j duty in connection with the Winslow,
which was under construction at that
time. W r hen she was completed and
put in commission last December he
was attached to her and remained so
until the moment of his death.
The disposition of the remains of the
young officer await an expression from
his mother, but it is believed they will
be taken from Key West with a de
tail of naval officers.
Lieutenant John Baptist Bernadou,
who was reported as being wounded,
is one of the most dashing and venture
some young officers in the naval ser
vice. It was because of this very qual
! ity that he was selected for the com
mand of the Winslow, as it was known
that the service required would be of
the most hazardous character. Lieu
| tenant Bernadou is really an expert in
i torpedo 'work. He watched the build
| ing of the Winslow almost from the
I time the keel was laid to her trial trip
I as inspector In charge, and took com
| mand of her immediately upon her ac
ceptance by the Government. He was
born in November, 1858, In Philadel
j phia. and was appointed to the Naval
1 Academy by President Grant in 187 G.
He was a midshipman in 1882, and an
ensign, junior grade, in March, 1883. In
June of the following year he received
his appointment as a full ensign. In
1392 he became a lieutenant. Junior
grade, and attained his full lieutenancy
in 1896.
The Navy Department has received
a dispatch from Commodore Remey at
Key West as follows: "Winslow badly
damaged. Will be s^nt here as soon as
temporarily repaired."
DID GREAT DAMAGE
TO HARBOR AND TOWN
The Little American Boats Caused
Much Havoc Among the Span
ish Forces.
KEY " EST, Fla., May 12.— 1t Is now
known that the American boats made
f v.rious hay >c with Cardenas harbor
and town. The captain of the Hudson
said:
"I know we destroyed a large part of
their town near the wharves, burned
one of their gunboats, and I think de
stroyed two other torpedo destroyers.
We were in a vortex of shot, shell and
smoke, etc., and could not tell accu
rately, but we saw one of their boats
on fire and sinking soon after the ac
tion began. Then a large building near
the wharf, 1 think the barracks, took
fire, and many other buildings were
soon burning. The Spanish had mask
ed batteries on all sides of us. As soon
as we got within range of their batteries
they would move them. I think their
guns were 8-*-" pieces . Our large boats
could not pet into the harbor to help us
on account of the shallow water."
AS TOLD BY THE
SPANISH OFFICIALS
They Underestimate the Defenses of
Cardenas and Exaggerate
Their Victory.
MADRID. May 12.— A report from
Captain-General Blanco on the Car
denas battle says: "Cardenas does
not possess defenses of any kind, and
only the little gunboats Ligeria and
Antonio Lopez were in port. They re
plied to the attack. The Antonio Lo
pez was disabled, but 300 volunteers de
fended the town, prevented the landing
and compelled the American ships to
retire with considerable loss. A Span
ish sergeant and seven soldiers were
wounded. Captain-General Blanco has
congratulated the authorities at Car
denas."
SHELLED BATTERY AND
BARRACKS AT DIANA BAY.
After Reducing the Buildings the
Machias Sends a Boat Ashore
to Hoist Old Glory.
Copyrights. IS9S. by Jamea Gordon Benne.t-
KEY WEST, Fla., May 12.— While the
! Wilmington, Winslow and Hudson were
lin action at Cardenas yesterday the
Machias was shelling the battery and
barracks at Diana Bay. twelve miles
distant. The building was demolished.
An armed boat's crew under charge of
Ensign Willard pulled ashore and took
possession of the ruins, hoisting the
American flag on the flag pole of the
block house.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Travelers shudder with horror at the
thought of the train-wrecker who stealthily
undermines the supports of a railway bridge
and precipitates a passenger train with its
load of precious human freight to a horri-
ble death by fire and water. Ther-z is ft
deadlier enemy than the train-wrecker thaf
menaces not only travelers but stay -at- !
homes. Its name is indigestion. It slowly :
undermines the supports that hold up the
bridge of life and yearly precipitates untold
thousands into the dread valley of consump-
tion. If people will only take the right pre-
caution they can avoid this calamity and
even remedy it after it has occurred if they
will act in time.
All cases of indigestion and every disease
that has its inception in indigestion or faulty
nutrition are cured by Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery. It cures 98 per cent, of
all cases of consumption. It cures wasting
diseases. It is an unfailing remedy for nerv-
ous prostration. It is the great blood-maker,
nesb-builder, and nerve tonic. Thousands
have testified to its merits. There is nothing
else "just as good. " Druggists sell it.
•• 1 beg leave to inform you." writes Mrs. J.
Shely, of No. 1701 Thomas Place, Minneapolis,
Minn.', "that Dr. Pierces Goldeu Medical Dis-
covery cured my trouble in my neck — Goitre. It
went away in three months. 'At the sixth bottle
it began to grow smaller. Before, it had grown
larger very perceptibly. lam very grateful for
the cure."
Healthy Dnbi*s. Healthy mother. Healthj
father. These are what you find in the homes
that have a copy of Dr. Pierces Common
Sense Medical Adviser. Send 21 one-cent
stamps, to cover cost of mailing only, to
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
Buffalo, N. Y. Cloth binding, 31 stamps.
: ADVEBTISEMENTS.
j A VERY j
j PALPABLE HIT. j
I o 11 i
? It is an illuminated pathway of
»- reputation we look back upon JJj
D when we reflect upon what j n
S-w'e've done to achieve the rep- ' X
utation for being sellers ' of the [ !
m world's best at the world's ; (
9 cheapest in clothing. j B
|j For this sale it is unneces- j|
? sary to refer to anything we*ve |
Ssary heretofore. anything (S,( S,
done heretofore. Our offerings w
I for "" this week are the cheapest X
I in prices — best in value. , In \\
I ' point of value we have under- tit
til estimated them. In point of 1
bargain they cannot be excelled. &
■fa M ■% H H ■ W ' »\
1 W * ■ H I 1 W V)
1 (p\ (JUii I
j y|#|v SPECIAL I
(JIM $9.65 i |
(d 1 I\ OUll I
|1 I I \ comprises several |J|
%. 1 V hundred of the swellest gar- *>
ffl \ V I rnents in Single and Double ||
M 1 I Breasted Sacks and Three- . m
jj^ \ I Button Cutaways, shades of g)
Jp ; K *\v*i Blue, Black, Gray and Browns. f|
<ft "- a "vLe<\ Weaves .■■• of • Scotch Tweeds, w :
|J "Worsteds, Cheviots and Cassi- ! Jj
0 meres. Each and every . garment is reduced from. ,(8
jffl its former price of $13. 00. . ,
* If you'd have your little . <s i^^^p > •
a boy look just too cunning : • Or 1 * £ " H
H for anything fit * him out C^T^A-^^t K~
$ with , one of our tasty 'W^Mr^'l \ /?
1 Middy Suits, faWfeJ*
I $2.45. %\\^ ■ :|.:
|] A great many lines to select ftPi^ m
a from in Checks, Plaids and i •■ h'|| if
5 neat Brown Mixtures. Ages .4 M H
M to 14. t m
/ \ Our Fedora, in ell col- §£
H =:^r^ for less than manu-
™L " . *'"' ~ "' "^^ : facturer's price. "*>»■*
B We carry a complete . line of Golf Shirts, \ : -
(55 Underwear, ; Hosiery, Gloves and Handker- gj
II chiefs at prices lower than elsewhere. I
1 S N WOOD &CO i
I 718 Market Street. I
34
CHARLESTON
TO DEPART
SATURDAY
Will Be Closely Followed by
the Transports With
Troops.
There Is a Prospect of General
Graham and Staff Accompa
nying General Merritt.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, May 12.
It was stated at the Navy Depart
ment to-night that the cruiser Charles
ton would not leave San Francisco for
Majiila until Saturday, owing to a de
lay in securing the necessary provis
ions and munitions of war. The
Charleston will be closely followed by
the troop transports, under command
of MajoT-General Merritt, who will he
Military Governor of the Philippines,
and General Otis. It is reported in re
liable quarters that General Graham
and staff will also accompany the ex
pedition, but some doubt is expressed
as to the accuracy of this statement
In view of the fact that General Gra
ham will retire in September, and un
der the terms of the bill recently
passed by Congress the services of re
tired army officers cannot be utilized
In the present war. It is quite possi
ble, however, that General Graham
may be selected foT this service with
the understanding that he will be re
called before the date of his retire
ment. . •
Indeed, the administration hopes the
■war will be over before September.
General Miles, who has planned to
leave Washington to-night for Tampa,
will not go before to-morrow after
noon. In the meantime, the troops will
be rapidly mobilized at gulf ports and
concentrated at Tampa with a view to
Invading Cuba next Monday. The War
Department plans embrace the em
barkation of a large portion of the in
vading force early Monday morning,
and their landing on Cuban soil before
night of the same day. The depart
ment naturally declines to make pub
lic the landing place, further than to
Bay that it will be somewhere on that
portion of the island lying west of
Havana. It would not be surprising if
Commodore Schley's flying squadron
should receive immediate orders to
start for Cuban waters to co-operate
with the blockading squadron in de
DR. H. E. STAFFORD
DIES AT SALINAS
Succumbs to a Surgical Opera
tion Performed for Appen-
dicitis.
%Vas Pension Examining Surgeon
«n<l Hold High Offices in Several
Fraternal Societies,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, May 12.— Dr. , Henry Edward
Stafford, the leading physician of this
city and county, died at his home ; here
thin evening from the result of an opera
• tion for appendicitis. He was taken ill
on Friday and the disease progressed
with such alarming rapidity that on Mon
day Dr. Huntlngton of Sacramento was
.'summoned by telegraph. He arrived by
special train and immediately decided
■upon the operation, was performed
in the presence of all the local physi
cians. The patient never rallied, but sank
Slowly until the end came this evening.
At the time of his death Dr. Stafford
•was pension examining surgeon and also
the Southern Pacific Company's physi
cian. He was a past master , in the Ma
sonic Order, past high priest of the Royal
Arch Chapter, past noble grand :of the
Independent Order of Odd Fellows, past
chief ranger of the Foresters and held
high offices in other fraternal and social
organizations. He was formerly a school
teacher at Santa Rita, in this State, and
at the time of his death he was a mem
ber of the Board of Education. He leaves
a wife and three children in comfortable
circumstances.
Dr. Stafford was 47 years old and a na
tive of Canada. The funeral will be held
next Sunday under the auspices of the
various organizations of which he was a
member. < i •.;r.;--"
-> ■ i ■ ♦
TWO EXTENSIVE
FIRES IN CHICAGO.
Xarge Grain Elevator Destroyed and
a Fatal Blaze in a Boarding
House.
CHICAGO, May 12.— Grain elevator
D, belonging to the Chicago, Burlington
and Quincy Elevator Company, was de
stroyed by fire this afternoon. The
losses on building and contents will ag
gregate about $1,200,000. The elevator
contained 1,115,000 bushels of grain,
valued at $890,000, the property of P. D.
Armour. The grain was fully insured.
One person burned to death, one fa
tally injured and over a dozen others
more or less seriously hurt, were the
results of a boarding house fire at 2J25
La Salle avenue to-day.
JOHN F. BARTHELMAN
HANGED AT FOLSOM.
The Wife-Murderer Goes to His Doom
Without Uttering a Word on
the Scaffold.
SACRAMENTO, May 12.— John F. Bar
thelman was hanged at the Folsom peni
tentiary at 10 o'clock this morning. He
neemed resigned to his fate and said not
a word on the gallows. Barthelman mur
dered his wife in Los Angeles on Novem
ber 3, 1896.
STTNDAY SCHOOL WOBKEBS.
gtate Association Closes Its Conven
tion at Napa.
NAPA, May 12.— The morning session of
the Sunday-school Association opened
with praise service, conducted by Mrs. E.
E. Steele. The following were fifteen
minute addresses: "Primary Class Meth
ods," Miss A. O'Neill; "After. the Pri
fending the military base established
by the invading army until the arrival
of Sampson, when the big rifles of his
battle-ships axe expected to be turned
upon the defenses of Havana.
A message from Admiral Dewey was
received by the Navy Department this
evening that greatly cheered Secretary
Lone, for it showed that the doughty
American commander was not only
master of the situation, but had evi
dently driven every SDanish soldier
from the batteries about Manila, for
the cablegram told of the busy work of
the American fleet in dismantling the
captured Spanish vessels, raising guns
from the bottom of the harbor and
making salvage of all naval property
worthy the effort. In the face of the
disquieting rumors received from Brit
ish sources of indiscriminate rioting in
the Philippines, Admiral Dewey's dis
patch was most reassuring.
A gallant ensign and four brave
sailors of the United States navy were
killed yesterday by a Spanish shell that
pierced the boiler of the torpedo-boat
Winslow in an assault upon the Span
ish gunboats and the shore batteries in
Cardenas harbor. These are the first
casualties on the American side in the
war with Spain, and while they have
a depressing effect upon the adminis
tration, they have only served to
strengthen th 2 determination of th 3
President and his advisers to press the
campaign relentlessly to a speedy close.
A grave feature of the disaster of the
Winslow is the fact that the most ex
perienced officers in the Navy Depart
ment unite in the opinion that it was
a serious error of judgment to send her
into Cardenas Bay. Torpedo-boats of
her class are but thin steel shells with
little power of resistance, and the duty
of such vessels is merely to launch tor
pedoes under cover of the protecting
guns of the cruisers and battle-ships.
Lieutenant Bernadou, the Winslow's
commander, was wounded in the en
counter, and it is not probable that
any action will be taken by the depart
ment until he has entirely recovered,
but there is a strong disposition in the
highest naval quarters to institute a
rigid investigation as to the source of
the orders under which this little vessel
was exposed to the heavy fire of shore
batteries, mounting eight-inch guns.
mary. What?" Mrs. Nellie Hart: "Tem
perance in the State." Rev. E. S. Chap
man; "Very Interesting Work of the Bi
ble Society," Rev. John Thompson, who
is always eloquent on Bible work.
The afternoon was devoted to praise,
led by William Abbott. "Purpose of the
Sunday-school to Church Membership"
was the subject of an address by Rev. W.
C. Anderson. Charles M. Campbell of
Sacramento was chosen president. Earl
Bingham of San Jose secretary and C. B.
Perkins of San Francisco treasurer. Re
ports of committees followed, which
brought out spirited short talks of great
profit. The last half hour of the closing
session was given to consultation lessons.
The convention was instructive and in
spiring from beginning to finish.
POPULISTS OF TULARE
COUNTY OPPOSE FUSION.
State Convention Delegates Instruct
ed to Keep to the Middle of the
Boad.
VISALIA, May 11.— The Populists of Tu
lare County have nominated this ticket:
For Superior Judge. Alfred Daggett:
Sheriff, A. P. Merritt; Clerk, Q. V. P.
Day; Assessor, J. F. Gibson; District At
torney, F. B. Howard; Treasurer, E. A.
May; Recorder, George E. Avery; Tax
Collector, G. V. Reed; Auditor, Claude
Harrelson; School Superintendent, Mrs.
Delia B. Howell; Surveyor, D. L. Wishon;
Coroner, J. J. Schlltz.
Everything did not run smoothly in the
convention. One delegate noticed that a
few favorites already in office were nomi
nated by acclamation, and he Indignantly
declared that the whole ticket had been
"cut and dried" and refused to sit in the
convention. He at once unpinned hit
badge, took his hat and left the hall.
In the evening there was a gathering
of the party and speeches were made by
prominent Populists.
The convention resolved to oppose
fusion with any other party and pledged
its delegates to the State Convention to
refuse to sit in the convention if any
fusion proposition carried.
VERDICT FOB DR,. SEIFERT.
Outcome of a San Jose Case That Has
Attracted Great Interest.
SAN JOSE, May 12.— The suit of Grace
L. Burke vs. Dr. G. W. Seifert to recover
$25,000 damages for alleged surgical mal
practice, which has been on trial in Judge
Lorigan'a- court for eight days, went to
the jury this afternoon. After a short
deliberation a verdict was returned in
favor of the defendant. The case has at
tracted a great deal of interest among
members of the medical profession both
here and in San Francisco. The medi
cal witnesses for the plaintiff were all
homeopaths, those for the defendant reg
ulars, or allopaths. The plaintiff, a girl
of 9 years, broke her arm by a fall. There
was both fracture and dislocation, and as
dislocation was not reduced the claim
was made that Dr. Seifert, who attended
the patient, failed to make a proper diag
nosis, and was grossly negligent and care
less.
SANTA FE STEAMSHIP LINE.
Vessels Will Shortly Ply Between
San Diego and Yokohama.
LOS ANGELES, May 12.— The general
offices of the Santa Fe Railroad in this
city gave out information to-day that all
arrangements have been completed for
putting a line of steamers from San
Diego to Yokohama in connection with
the Santa Fe Railroad. The first steamer
will leave San Diego not later than Oc
tober L
■»
Chased by a : Spanish Torpedo Boat.
. HALIFAX, i ? N. . S. 1 , May 12.— Captain
Brunst, of : the German steamer : Sophie
Rlckmers, ; reported % that y, while " '' crossing
the ; Newfoundland '- banks :he was ; chased
by/a : Spanish .warship. . The i latter r was
very speedy and - fired , three shells at \ the
Rickmers, but s the = German vessel , ; being
an eighteen-knot boat, and the \ weather
becoming = hazy, she ;.■ got "i away. - Captain
Brunst says ; the ; Spaniard was a torpedo
boat with three funnels I and was very low
:in i the i water. The Rickmer* has :; ; pro
ceeded jto.Neiriyork^ ■ - - :
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1893.
MAJOR-GENERAL WESLEY MERRITT.
WILL RUSH
REGIMENTS
SOUTHWARD
Bids Sought for Transpor
tation by Quartermas
ter Kimball.
Twenty-Seven Thousand Volun
teers Will Join the Regulars
for Invasion of Cuba.
NEW YORK, May 12.— Acting under
hurried instructions from the War De
partment, Colonel Amos S. Kimball,
quartermaster of the department of the
East, sent out to the various railroad
and transportation companies a call for
bids for the immediate transportation
to four Southern points of mobilization
of 27,000 troops. The bids will be opened
in the office of the quartermaster of the
army about noon Saturday.
The men will be ready to start the
following day and will reach their des
tination, leaving the military camps In
New York, New Jersey, New Hamp
shire, Vermont, Connecticut, Massachu
setts and Maine.
This will be the greatest move of
troops since the Civil War. In all there
will be twenty-five full regiments of
infantry, four batteries of artillery and
two troops of cavalry. The only regu
lars in the list of troops from this de
partment are the regiment quartered at
Fort Ethan Allen, Vermont. This sud
den change in the plans of the War De
partment may have some effect on the
contracts for the vessels of the Old Do
minion, Clyde and Morgan lines, for
which arrangements wece made by
Colonel Rimstall on Tuesday.
Railroad men estimate that It will
take at least 1000 cars and ninety en
gines to make up the trains to trans
port the troops.
TAMPA, May 12.— The cavalry regi
ments from Chickamauga, the first
train of which arrived in Tampa late
this afternoon, will be encamped in
Tampa. A location for the infantry
regiments baa not yet been definitely
decided upon, although it is quite
probable they will encamp near the
cavalry. The place selected is con
venient to the railroad and is fully
three miles nearer the port Tampa
docks than the camping grounds of
the infantry already here.
The Orizaba, the big Ward line
steamer that has been at the quaran
tine station down the bay for several
days, passed into the slip near the coal
docks last night and to-day took on a
full supply of coal. The work of fit
ting her for transport duty will be
rushed to a conclusion, including the
Olivette and Gussie, both of which
boats are expected here by to-morrow
night. A fleet of eleven transports will
be gathered at Port Tampa ready for
embarkation. These boats can easily
carry a force of from 7000 to 8000 men,
with about 2000 horses and mules.
The Salvation Army may furnish a
corps of nurses for the army in Cuba.
A delegation of Salvation Army leaders
from New York, including Mrs. Cap
tain Sam, sent here by Commander
Booth-Tucker, has asked General
Shafter for permission to send fifteen
or twenty nurses, all of whom are said
to be trained, with the expedition.
Permission was refused, it is said, al
though it is intimated that after the
troops get into Cuba there would be no
objection to Salvation Army nurses,
should nurses be required.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., May 12.—
The Second. Regiment of Infantry
marched from Camp Thomas to lioss
ville station this morning and there
boarded the Southern Railway trains
for Tampa. The Seventh and Sixteenth
Infantry regiments marched nine miles
to Ringold, Ga., where the Western
and Atlantic trains were taken for AU
lanta. The First and Tenth Regiments
of Cavalry, originally ordered to New
Orleans, but later to Tampa, will get
out to-morrow.
The work of removal is progressing
more slowly than expected and it is
now doubtful if the entire army will be
off before Saturday night. Twenty
carloads of provisions for the volun
teers are arriving daily. Almost every
vacant building in the city is being
used for storage purposes.
The Soddy Coal Company of this city
has received an order for twenty-five
cars of coal daily until further orders.
The coal is shipped to Tampa and put
aboard the war vessels there.
Recruits continue to come in rapidly.
They are assigned to the various regi
ments and sent on to the front.
Colonel Lee, quartermaster on Gen
eral Brooke's staff, speaking unofncial
, ly, said that the Second Cavalry, which
TO COMMAND IN THE PHILIPPINES.
left last night for Mobile, might not
remain at that place more than a day.
The indications are that all available
cargoes will be put into Cuba without
delay.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Reports re
ceived at Adjutant-General Corbin's of
fice show that up to and including
Tuesday 54,752 of the volunteers had
been accepted as having thi3 requisite
qualifications for soldiers and had been
mustered into the United States ser
vice.
Major-General Wheeler has been or
dered from Chattanooga to Tampa to
command the cavalry about to leave
for Cuba.
KESWICK PARTIALLY
DESTROYED BY FIRE
Half the Business Portion of the
Mining Camp in Ashes — The
Principal Losers.
KESWICK, Cal., May 12.— The east sld^
of Main street, from Shasta to Nortr
was razed to the ground this morning b
fire. It originated In a lodging hous
known as Our House, and is supposed t<
have been due to the carelessness of au
inebriated lodger. The same premises
had a narrow escape from fire last week
through tho explosion of a lamp. Half
the busipess buildings in Keswick were
destroyed. Nothing could be dune to stay
the flames, for the town has no fire com
pany or water works. The total loss is
$25,000 and the insurance is light. The
buildings were all frame structures. The
property destroyed included five saloons,
two restaurants, two lodging houses, a
barber shop and three stores. The Kes
wick Hotel, the largest and finest build
ing in the village, escaped with slight
damage to the front. It was thought a
piano player named Smythe had been
burned, but after the ruins had been
searched for three hours Smythe turned
up.
Keswick has been a town of phenom
enal growth. In two years it has grown
from nothing to a town of 1200 population.
The buildings destroyed were of the char
acter usually erected in new mining
towns.
The following are the principal losers:
Moore & Marx, saloon building, $SOO, in
surance $400; McCarthy & Gillespie, two
story lodfdns< house, insured; Lewis &
Calvin, saloon building and stock, $3400,
insurance $2000: Bummelsburg Bros., gen
eral merchandise, insurance $5000; Mc-
Candliss & Patterson, saloon and lodging
house, $3500, insurance $2000; W. E. Bidle
man. saloon building, $500, insurance $200;
Van Deventer & Cummings, saloon, Insur
ance $8M; John Morrissey, two r story sa
loon and lodging, $4000, insurance $1200.
RAILROADS AND
THEIR EMPLOYES.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— After a pro
longed discussion the Senate this even
ing passed the bill "concerning carriers
engaged in interstate commerce, and
their employes," popularly known as the
railway arbitration bill. The most im
portant amendment to the measure was
that offered by Hoar of Massachusetts,
which provides that courts shall Issue no
injunction against railway employes
which shall compel them to give their
personal service to a company against
their will. On the final vote only three
Senators— Money of Mississippi, Rawlins
of Utah and Tlllman of South Carolina
were recorded against the bill.
A bill was passed removing all disabili
ties imposed by the fourteenth amend
ment to the constitution on persons who
were at one time engaged in rebellion
against the United States.
The war revenue measure was reported
to the Senate, and notice was given that
it would be taken up next Monday for
consideration.
OF COAST INTEREST.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— The Senate
proposition to decrease the number of
mail deliveries in the larger cities (in
cluding San Francisco) to four has been
disagreed to by the conference commit
tee, which leaves the law as It is at pres
ent.
The House River and Harbor Commit
tee to-day unanimously reported Repro
sentative DeVries' resolution making
available immediately the J4OOO now to
the credit of the San Joaquin River and
the Stockton and Mormon Channels and
providing for a survey of these water
ways, with a view to providing a perma
nent plan tor their improvement.
BRIGADIER-GENERAL ELWELL S. OTIS.
TAXES FOR THE
WAR REVENUE
Finance Committee Re
ports the Bill to the
Senate.
All House Provisions for Bonds
and Certificates Are
Stricken Out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 12.
The Senate Committee on Finance
to-day finished its consideration of the
war revenue bill, after a two weeks'
sitting, and Senator Allison reported it
to the Senate at 4 o'clock. The bill
shows that all the provisions in the
House bill for the issuance of bonds
and certificates of indebtedness were
stricken out, and Allison, in reporting
the measure, made a minority report
giving authority for the bond issue.
The amendment inserted at the in
stance of the Democrats for the issu
ance of greenbacks is as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized and directed, for the
purpose of meeting and defraying the ex
penditures made necessary by reason of
the existing war against Spain, to pre
pare and issue on the credit of the united
States of America, from time to time, as
the same may be needed, during the next
iiecal year, United States legal tender
notes to the amount of $150,000,000, which
notes shall be of like denominations and
of the same legal tender quality and shall
be payable and redeemable and re-tasu
able in the same manner as the $346,000,000
of such notes now outstanding as de
scribed and mentioned in the act of Con
gress of May 1, 1878, said notes when nrst
issued to be expended only upon the war
account aforesaid, and said notes shall
be exempt from taxation by or under
State or municipal authority.
The provision for the coinage of the
silver seigniorage is as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury
shall immediately cause to be coined as
fast and as soon as possible into standard
silver dollars, which shall be of like
weight and fineness and of like legal ten
der quality as those provided for under
existing law, the silver bullion now held
in the Treasury being the amount of he
sain or seigniorage derived from the pur
chases of silver bullion by the Treasury
under the act of July 14, IS9O, amounting
to the sum of $42,000,000; said moneys so
coined to be imemidately available for
payment of expenditures on account of
the present war with Spain. The Secre
tary of the Treasury is hereby further au
thorized to immediately issue. In advance
of the coinage of said seigniorage afore
said silver certificates of similar design
and denominations and of the same quan
tity payable and redeemable in like man
ner as those authorized by law, in such
sums as may be from time to time need
ed for public expenditures, not exceeding
in the total amount of said seigniorage
so held in the Treasury.
The provision inserted at the in
stknee of the Democratic members of
the committee, and which has been
known as the corporation tax, is much
broader in its scope than this descrip
tion would lead- one to believe. The
first paragraph of this provision is as
follows:
Every person, firm, company or cor
poration, owning or possessing, or hav
ing the care or management of any rail
road, street railroad, sleeping car, canal,
steamboat, ship, barge, canalboat or other
vessel, stage coach or any other vehicle,
except hacks or carriages not running on
continuous routes, engaged or employed
in the business of transporting passengers
or freight for hire, or in transporting the
mails of the United States, shall be sub
ject and pay a special annual excise tax
equivalent to one-fourth of one per cent
um of the gross receipts from passengers,
mails, shippers or freighters of any such
railroad, street railway, sleeping car,
canal, steamboat, ship, barge, canalboat,
or other vessel, or such stage coach, or
other vehicle; provided that the assess
ment hereby made shall not include any
amount for the receipts of the trans
portation of persons, freight or mails be
tween the United States and any foreign
port; but such taxes shall be rated for
the transportation of persons, freight or
mails from a port within the United
States through a foreign territory to a
port within the United States and shall
be assessed upon and collected from per
sons, firms, companies or corporations
within the United States receiving hire or
pay for such transportation of persons,
freight or mails.
A like tax of one-fourth of 1 per
cent of the gross receipts is imposed on
"any person, firm, company or corpor
ation carrying on or doing an express
business"; also on any person, etc.,
owning or having the care or manage
ment of any telegraphic or telephone
line; also on life, flre, marine or acci
dent insurance companies for the se
curity ajid assurance of employers
against losses by employes, aJI of which
are to pay on the basis of premiums
and qjßsessments collected and the du
ties accruing, like taxes to be paid by
foreign companies doing business In
the United States; also on persons,
etc., furnishing gas or electric light,
electric power, steam heat, steamboat,
steam power, refining sugar or petro
leum.
The act is made to take effect on the
day next preceding its passage.
The Republicans decided to make a
minority report recommending the re
tention of the bond feature and also
the provision for the time certificates,
but reducing the amount of the bonds
to $300,000,000, and changing the lan
fruase in both provisions.
ARE NAMED FOR
STAFF PLACES
Big Batch of Nominations
Submitted to the
V ■;■ Senate.
\
Regular Army Officers .to Be
Promoted and Additional
Civilians Be Honored.
John Jacob Astor «nd Other Well-
Known Man Gat Commissions
for tb.» War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— Tha President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate:
War; to be inspector-generals, with rank of
major— Captains Jesse M. Lee. Ninth United
States Infantry; Henry C. -Ward, Sixteenth In
fantry; George S. Anderson. Sixth Cavalry;
Earl D.' Thomas, Fifth Cavalry; Alex Rog
ers, Fourth Cavalry; John A. K. Davis. First
Artillery; James Parker. , Fourth Cavalry.
Philip • Read. Third United :.. States Infantry.
Thomas Woodruff, Fifth Infantry; Benjamin H.
Chaever. Sixth Cavalry; Stephen Y. bey burn.
Tenth Infantry; Stephen G. Mills. Twelfth In
fantry; Herbert -J. Slocum, Seventh; Cavalry,
Harry C. Benson, Fourth Cavalry ;^«Uam P.
Duvall. First Artillery; F. Crelghton V. ebb,
of New York; Russell B. Harrison of -Indiana.
' To bo assistant adjutant-generals, with ranK
of major-Captains .Walter S. Schuyler, Fifth
Cavalry; Louis V. Cazierie. Second - Artillery,
William J. McCammon. Fourteenth Infantrj ,
James S. Pettit. First Infantry; Alfred C.
Sharpe. Twenty-second Infantry r Hugh _L-
Scott, Seventh Cavalry; Edward Davis Third
Artillery. First lieutenants F. F. I Strong.
Fourth Artillery; H. H. Sergeant Second Cav
alry; C. R. Edwards, Twenty-third InfanW.
D. D. Sturgis, Fourth Artillery; S.R.Eber.
signal corps; also Campbell E. McMlchael of
Pennsylvania. George H. Hopkins of Michigan
and John A. Logan Jr. of Illinois. „_.»-_
To be quartermaster, with rank of m a J°£-
Captains Charles Penny. Sixth Infantry ; John
W. Summerhayes, Samuel R. Jones. MeadeC.
Martin, Oscar F. Long. Guy Howard Freder
ick yon Schrader, J. E. Sawyer Frederick G.
Hodgson. James B. Wilshire, Thomas Cnw
all assistant quartermasters. First Ij, 6^?.^"^
Eugene F. Ladd. Ninth Cavalry, and William
A. Wadsworth of New York. (
To be assistant adjutant-generals, with rank
of captain-First Lieutenants E. M. ■ "Weaker
Jr.. Second Artillery ; F. P. Freemont, Third
Infantry; C. M. Truett, Twenty-first Infan
try; E. S. Greble, Second Artillery ;_Joe Beach,
Third Infantry; H. C. Carbaugh. Fifth Artil
lery; J. B. McDonald. Tenth Cavalry; A. L.
MiTls. First Cavalry; C. G. Treatt, Fifth .Ax
tiiler\-- J ACA C Dapray, Twenty-third Infantry,
X F. Hancoclt, Sixth Artillery; W. H. Smith.
Tenth Cavalry; John F. Morrison. Tenth In
fantry; B. Alvord, Tenth Infantry; H. C. Ca
bell. Fourteenth Infantry; G. H. Mac Donald
Fourteenth Cavalry-; W. H. Johnson, Sixteenth
Infantry W. L. Sehon. Twentieth Infantry.
G. Hutcheson, Ninth Cavalry; J. K. Thomp
son, Twenty-third Infantry; C. Reichman,
Ninth Infantry; C. D. Wllcox." Seventh Artil
lery; W. A. Holbrook. Seventh Cavalry, D.
EL Mlchie; Second Cavalry: D. B.
Seventh Artillery; S. S. Zay Jr.. Fourteenth
Infantry; R. G. Paxton, Tenth Cavalry: R. L.
Howze? 'Sixth Cavalry; Joseph Benson For
aker Jr. of Ohio and Bradley Strong of New
To be assistant quartermasters, with - rank
of captain-First Lieutenants C. B. Baker.
Seventh Infantry; C. C. Walcutt Jr., Eighth
Cavalry; J. A. Perm, Second Infantry;. Ulysses
G M. Alexander, Thirteenth Infantry ;_also
Hiram E. Mitchell, Oregon; John B. Jeffrey,
Illinois; William D. Jenkins. Texas: Benjamin
Johnson, California; James R. Hosmer, -New.
York; William A. Harper, New sTork; G. H.
Holden. New York; H. W. Nicholson District
of Columbia; Thomas H. Cavanaugh. Michi
gan- Ellas H. Parsons, Utah; Edward C. Mc-
Dowell Tennessee; Francis M. Schroeder, Dis
trict of , Columbia; Arthur . Thompson New
York; Charles M. Augur, Colorado; \\ illiam K.
Alexander, Virginia: William . G. Ball Ohio;
Abraham S. Beckham, Ohio; George C. Bailey
New York; Edwin F. Barrett Minnesota
Briton Davis, Texas: Harry S. New Indiana;
Frederick Buher. District of Columbia: Halde
man P. Young. • New York; Ambrose E. ' Gon-
SSeV, South Carolina ; Lloyd Carpenter i Gris-
C To en eSi a s"io- of subsistence, with rank
of captain-First Lieutenants Ell D. Hoyle.
Second Artillery; Parker \\ . e /V T , hlrd Tn^
ajry; O. M. Bundy, Third United-States Infan-
Elmer F. Tagpart, -■• Sixth Infantry Ale
xander R Piper, Fifteenth. Infantry: Second
Ueuten2nt H. E. Cloke 'Artillery ; -A:
Richard Thompson Jr.. Indiana; Daniel an
Voorhls. Ohio; E. B. Fenton Michigan, Samue
B. Boots. Ohio; John F. Jenkins. Wyoming:
Lee Linn Indiana; J. A. ie ,meral Nebras ka;
John W. Lytle, Pennsylvania; William A.
Tucker. Tennessee: M. M. Marshall la *a. R.
H. Beckham. Texas; Frank .r K. Lord. , New
York: Theodore B. Hackener Tennessee; John
H Earle. South Carolina: James McCleary.
Texas; Thomas C. Catchings, Mississippi; Jay
C< To' e be assistant adjutant-general, with rank
of captain. Samuel Bel ford Colorado. • _ -
To be commissary of subsistence, w th rank
of Captain, Joseph A. Coxe of Pennsylvania.
■ To be assistant adjutant-generals, with rank
of captains — First lieutenants De Rosey C.
Cabell. Eighth Cavalry: : George B. Duncan.
Fourth Infantry; "W. A. Bethel, Third Ar
tillery" Edmund L. Butts. Fifth Infantry: C.
W ' Fenton. Fifth Cavalry L. C Sherer .Fourth
Cavalry Douglass Settle, Tenth Infantry; W.
C Short, Sixth Cavalry: R- Sewell. Seventh
Cavalry. Second lieutenants H. H. W hitney_
Fourth Artillery: ~. Edward -B. Cassall, Fourth
Cavalry: ? & Gilmore Jr.. Fourth Artmery :
also Jacob E. Bloom of New York; H. J. White,
Virginia; John C. Evans. South Carolina: Rich
ard H. : Davis." Massachusetts; William McCltt
rich.: California: James A Colvir .and Edwin
Murphy. New York; Joseph B. Morton. Illinois.
Charles H. McGill, Minnesota; Augustus P.
Gartner. Massachusetts; George R. : V^.
Kentucky; William E. Horton and Lara ; An
derson, District of Columbia.- r
The Senate in executive session con
firmed all the military nominations sent
in Tuesday. May 10. with the ' exceptions
of Frank D. Baldwin. Fifth Infantry to
be : inspector general with rank =of lieu
tenant colonel, and Fred M. Alger of
Michigan to be adjutant general with
rank of : colonel. Captain Alger was not
confirmed owing to a mistake in . his
name, having '■- been sent in as Fred In
stead of Frederick. Baldwin was held up
at the : request ; of a . Senator, who asked
that his record while acting. Indian agent
should be looked into. •
CONFIBMED BY THE SENATE,
Some Prominent Civilians Get Army
Staff Places During the War.
WASHINGTON. May 12.— The Senate,
in its second executive session to-day con
firmed the following army nominations:
To be assistant adjutant-generals, with
the rank of lieutenant-colonel: Captains
John A. Johnston, Francis Miceheler,
Joseph H. Dorst, Wilber E. Wilder, Cyrus
S. Roberts, George R. Cecil. Edward J.
McCleorn.
To be Inspector-generals, with the rank
of lieutenant-colonel: Majors Joseph P.
Sanger, T. Edmund Rice, Captain Marion
P Maus, Messrs. Jobn Jacob Astor of
New York, Charles A. Whitter of New
York and Curtis Guild Jr. of Massachu
setts.
To be chief quartermasters, with the
rank of lieutenant-colonel: Major Dan
D. Wheeler, Charles Birm, George E.
Pond. James W. Pope. Francis B. Jones,
Crosby P. Miller and Avery D. Andrew 3
of New York. . „ ,
To be judge advocates, with the rank
of lieutenant-colonel: Captain Fayette
W Roe E. I. Dudley, Messrs. Andrew c.
Gray of Delaware, John A. Hull of lowa.
Frederick A. Hill of Connecticut, Charles
L. Jewett of Indiana, Charles H. Rlbble
of New York.
To be chief surgeons, with the rank 01
lieutenant-colonel: Major Benjamin F.
Pope. Robert M. O'Reilly. Alfred C.
GiraTd, John Van R. Hoff, Louis M.
Mause and Messrs. Nicholas Senn of Illi
nois and Rush Hidekoper of Pennsylvania.
To be chief engineers, with the rank of
lieutenant-colonel: "Major William K.
Livermore. Captains William Black,
George W. McD. Derby, James L. Lusk.
George W. Goethals, John Biddle and
Hiram M. Chittenden.
To be chief commissary of subsistence.
with the rank of lieutenant-colonel:
Majors Edward E. Drayo and Lasker H.
Bliss, Captains James N. Allison. A\ liliam
H. Baldwin. David I. Brainard, Oliver E.
Wood and Charles H. Brierson.
To be assistant adjutant-generals with
the rank of captain: Messrs. Frederick
M. Alder. Charles R. Miller of Ohio. Will
lam Astor Chandler of New York, Erskine
Hewitt of New York, Charles I. Bouvee
of Massachusetts. James G. Blame of
Maine and William B. Allison J. of lowa.
For Hawaiian Annexation.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs has agreed
to report the resolution for Hawaiian an
nexation.
ADVERTISEMENTSL
©♦+♦♦♦++♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
|SHOES^| § I*
: for *^r :
I Soldier Boys! %
4- : — — : +
X For this week we make >
+ " a special price on 1000 J
X pairs of Men's Cork Sole, "+
4- Lace and Congress Shoes ; 4
X just the thing for comfort +
X during heavy marching. +
4- The best wearers in the ♦
t; world and the most satis-
X factory shoe bargain ever +
4- advertised. Just see ♦
♦ them— rest we leave
4-; to you. +
4. Regularly sold for +
..4: $5.00. To the soldier . ' +
4- boys and their friends (DO Kf\ 4.
+ 0n1y............ PA'OV X
JNOLAOROS.J
4- PHELAN BUILDING. "♦" t J
9 4 4; % 4- 44-4-4-4- 4^ 4- 4-4- 4- 4- O
.■ &;\ FINE TAILORING
/M& PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
J|||s|L WORKMANSHIP, at
MWlll^y 25 per cent Less than Other
M jliPf Tailors Charge, Go to
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEiM
I-W Wi' All Wool Suits to (M <) t- 9 C
/ If •■ Pr " • Order from 4) S Z 4>UU
rW S Pants from ..•'•s4 to $ 1 0
?f*sr"""3|^ s 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
. 844 and 846 Market St.,
If 10 and -1112 Market St. San Francisco-
FOR THE
GOLD FIELDS OF ALASKA !
THE FAST Al BARK HUNTER
Will leave San ' Francisco for St. Michael
May 16. < . , •
The Hunter Is pronounced by marine sur-
veyors as among the safest and swiftest ves-
sels sailing out of San Francisco.
Low ! rates of insurance.
For special rates, passenger and freight, to
St. Michael and Dawson City, apply to
H. D. LOMBARD & CO..
18 : California street. San Francisco.
000000000000000000
•w PALACE *■"■?%
%CRAND " OT
o SAN FRANCISCO. Q
W Connected " by ' a covered passageway. _
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attachsd. *f
O *U' Under Oxk Manage sik--<£ Jf
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
ex European Plan. Sl. 00 per day and upward Q
w American Plan. S3. OO per day and upwari
O Correspondent-.- Solicited. W
Q '■■: • JOHN 0. . SIBKPATBICK, Manager. Q
000000000000000000
. — — — ~~~~ ~"
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
la a Dowerful aphrodisiac and . specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
In viKorator "and Nervine. •-• Sells on its own
■Merits- no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABEr" ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 ; Market i Street, S. " F.— (Send r lor Circular.)
WONG WOO,
P*sw CHINESE TEA AND HERB
,'bp J . ; SANITARIUM,
fcl 764-66 CLAY ST., San Franeisco,O»i: '
_jtfaßlVr!JßjT A " diseases cured ejcclusive-
fffJ&trtvT 1/ k>' Chinese herbs, over 3900
/gjSr.'.l ■■.-*!V» : varieties beins used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours, »:S0 to 11 a. m.. l : to 3 and 7 to
9 p. m.
DDTTCUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DuUutlljO ers,- Bootblacks, bath-
**-»••■*■* »^»**-** houses.*-;; billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders. candy-makers, scanners,
dyers. - flourmllls," ' foundries, . laundries, paper-
hangers, ;s printers, painters.' ■ shoe . factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers. : tanners, tailors, etc.
v BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers,' 6oo Sacramento St.
Wriiit's Indian Vegetal Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used- them -for - : over ; forty ' years to cum
SICK ' HEADACHE. ; , GIDDINESS, ; CONSTIPA-
TION, Torptd ; Liver, : Weak ; Stomach, ; Pimples
and ■ purify: the - blooo^aHiMBSKBB3BilßßgiMMßl(Wßi
Grossman's Smici Miituro^
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the i least > exposure, ; change of
diet lor i change ;In ; application to - business, c Th»
medicine i contains nothing : of .' the ' least ; injury,
to - the constitution. your druggist : or It.
Price,. $1 a bottle.-- ■FIFTEEN
THOUSAND
STRONG
Three Full Divisions
Will Sail to Aid
Dewey.
More Troops Assembling
at the Presidio's City
of Canvas.
"Words of Praise for the Vol
unteers From Regular
Army Officers.
SAY THEY EQUAL ANY.
"Work on the Mine Fields Finished.
A Practical Drill of Two
Battalions.
Plans for concentrating 15.000 troops
on the Presidio reservation have been
formed by the War Department. The
pre?s dispatches regarding the move
ment of Western regiments give a
pretty clear indication that the mili
tary authorities in Washington design
to mass that number of men in San
Francisco. Orders providing for sub-
sistence and transportation tend to ver
ify the statement that 15,000 soldiers at
least will be sent here to join the ex
pedition to the Philippine Islands.
When a million men were in the field
in 1864 a force of fifteen thousand did
not attract much attention, but now,
after a long period of profound peace,
men seem to be quite an
army of soldiers. A large fleet of ocean
transports will be required to convey
the men to Manila, and many ships
laden with supplies for the troops
must accompany or follow the expedi-
Camping places must be found on the
reservation for the volunteers from
Minnesota, Kansas, Nebraska, Colo
rado, South Dakota, Wyoming, Wash
ington and Oregon. Major Edward
Field, department adjutant-general,
Colonel Louis T. Morris, post comman
der, and Lieutenant Neall, Fourth
United States Cavalry, chief quarter
master of the volunteers, were on the
lookout yesterday for suitable camping
ground for the incoming regiments.
Consultation has been had with Her
man Schussler, chief engineer of the
Spring Valley Water Works, concern
ing the water supply of the troops.
Lieutenant J. E. Nolan, Fourth Cav
alry, commissary officer of the Presidio,
is prepared to supply an army of 15,000
men with rations. The great rush now
is to provide the volunteers with cloth
ing and camp equipage. Minnesota
has for many years maintained an ef
fective National Guard, and it is prob-
Eble that the Thirteenth Regiment from
that State may arrive here fully
equipped for field service.
The advance guard of the volunteers
from Oregon and Washington may ar
rive by steamship to-day. .Space be
tween the Fourteenth Infantry and the
Sixth California Volunteers has been
reserved for the next troops to arrive at
the Presidio. ; '= •; '.' >
Telegraphic orders "were received
yesterday announcing ! that Captain
George Ruhlen, U. S. A., who was re
cently on duty with the Alaskan Relief
Expedition, has been appointed chief
quartermaster of the Department of
California, with headquarters in San
Francisco.
The announcement was also made
yesterday that Major Robert H. White,
surgeon, U. S. A., stationed at the
Presidio, had been appointed chief sur
geon of the proposed expedition to the
Philippines.
Brigadier-General O. D. Greene, U.
S. A., retired, formerly adjutant-gen
eraJ of this department and one of the
ablest men in the army, visited the
camp at the Presidio a few days ago.
To a fellow-officer he remarked that
the California volunteers were as fine
a body of men in appearance on the
field as he ever saw, and he could
hardly believe, while watching them
on drill, that they were not regular
soldiers. This is a high compliment to
the State troops, and coming as it does
from a veteran officer, is sincere.
So far as the military and naval au
thorities can judge, there is not a
cruiser or privateer of the Spanish
navy within 2000 miles of this port, but
nevertheless a vigilant lookout Is
maintained at Fort Point. The fact is
considered that it is the unexpected
that happens, hence measures have
been taken to guard against surprise.
As stated In The Call several days ago.
Major Heuer and his assistants of the
f engineer corps have completed the
work on the mine field of this harbor,
and the mines are protected by rapid
fire guns. The torpedoes, together with
the breech-loading rifles at Lime Point
and Fort Point, and the mortar bat
teries and dynamite guns, to say noth
ing of the powerful Monterey, can take
care that no hostile craft gets into this
bay.
The artillery defenses of San Fran
cisco are under the direction of Col
onel M. P. Miller, Third Artillery, one
of the most capable and active officers
in the army. There is one battery: of
the Third Artillery at Lime Point, one
at Alcatraz and five batteries taking
care of the big rifles, mortars and dy
namite guns in the region of Fort
Point.
Yesterday Colonel Mosby sent the
following explanation to Richmond:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 12, 1898.
The Times. Richmond, Va.: The criti
cisms of General. Miles uo him great in
justice for his friendly suggestion to get
political influence to bear in my behalf
on the appointing power to induce the
aceptance of the offer of my services as a
soldier. He is not the appointing power.
He can only recommend me, which he did.
I made no condition about rank; in fact,
am as indifferent about rank now as I
was in our late war. I cannot go as a
private, as I did then, because both m
age and the loss of an eye exclude me
from enlistment. I would as soon be -a
lieutenant as a brigadier general; pro
vided I go in front of our army and In
rear of the enemy. As my military record
was indorsed during the war by General
Robert E. Lee. and by General Grant aft
er the "war, I do not think a Congress
roan's Indorsement would add to its credit,
and shall not L ask it. I do not think that
Grant and Lee need any Congressional
Indorsement. JOHN S. MOSBY
,-'-.-. . •- ■■•...,■■■■ ■ ■. -
ACTIVITY AT THE CAMP.
California Battalions Engage in
Mimic and Bloodless
Warfare.
Acting under instructions from the War
Department. Dre. Gassoway and Perry
of the United States Marino Hospital, on
the Presidio reservation, called upon the
Burgeons commanding the volunteer hos
pital corps and tendered to them in be
half of the Government the Marine Hos
pital for all serious and surgical ca^es.
The many friends of Company M of the
Seventh Regiment are determined that
the boys of Riverside shall not be lacking
in funds while here in camp, and conse
quently th» citizens of Riverside oy pri
vate subscription have raised a purse of
1600, which will be presented to the cap
tain of the company to-day to be used
for the comfort of the commissioned
and non-commissioned officers and men
of Company M. The Sheriff of Riverside
County will arrive to-day ard present the
purse to the company.
The Fourteenth Infantry gave a Dai
ta.ion drill in the afternoon, which was
witnessed by many hund' eas of tne vlslt :
ors. Major Koue pu: his command
through the various maneuvers with per
fect military grace and precision.
Major McCarthy had taken the precau
tion to see that "all of the men in the
First California Regiment shall be vac
cinated. This will t>e done at once, so
that the boys msy have no sore arms
when they arrive at Manila-
Lieutenant v^nt, who 7? the recruiting
officer of the Fourteenth Infantry, naa
a number of applications yesterday from
men desiring to join the regulars.
The hospital corps of the Sixth **\&
roent will have its tent erected and the
corps in shape to-day. . . t
In the camp of the Fourteenth Infanto
Major Robe has everything running upon
a basis of strict military discipline. J.ne
clock-like order of the camp routine ana
the perfect harmony prevailing among
the men and officers at once impress tne
visitors. Major Robe has made many
friends since his arrival here. His com
mand is composed of men recruited trora
along the coast, and a more magnificent
looking body of men it was never the
good luck of an officer to command, tie
is as proud of his command as Napoleon
was of the OW Guard. Major Robe ex
pects to have his battalion augmented by
the 20th of this month by the two com
panies that have been ordered here irom
>'lajor McCarthy, surgeon First Cali
fornia Volunteer Infantry, was kept ex
ceedingly busy yesterday unpacking his
medical "supplies, which have arrived. The
hospital corps is now entirely supplied
with everything that is necessary for the
trip to Manila.
The Second and Third Battalions, under
the command of Majors Sime and Tilden,
engaged in a mimic battle yesterday
morning while they were drilling and
both battalions came out of the blood
less fray with colors Hying and honors
even. Both majors executed flank move
ments and performed deeds of great
valor, while the behavior of the men
who were supposed to be under an ex
ceedingly heavy lire was gallant in the
extreme. The tight was of an impromptu
nature as neither of the majors nor tnelr
men had any idea that it was pending.
It occurred to Colonel Smith, when he
saw the two battalions drilling, to order
them to engage each other, and they
obeyed orders with gratifying results.
Captain Carrlngton was at the camp in
the morning swearing in the necessary
men to complete the company comple
ments of the Sixth Regiment. These two
battalions are now practically in shape
to move, as their requisitions have been
about completed.
Lieutenant Hammond of the Seventh
has been appointed by Colonel Berry |
I nance officer and acting commissary
subsistence. Colonel Smith also Issued
order yesterday morning changing the
ill of several of the non-commissioned
■ers, who have been employed in the
luctrtermaster's department and around
headquarters. The requisitions of the
First have been completed by the com
pany officers, and the command will soon
be entirely outfitted.
Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson, the com
mander of the two battalions of the Sixth
Infantry, celebrated the thirty-fifth anni
versary of the day his father led Troop X,
California Cavalry Volunteers, from this
State to the Civil War by buckling on
his sword and taking command of his di
vision at the call of the President in the
present emergency.
Sergeant J. Alexander of the Sacra
mento company of the Sixth Infantry was
yesterday promoted to be regimental ser
geant-major.
The citizens of Stockton have raised $300
by popular subscription to purchase
horses and present them to Lieutenant-
Colonel Johnson and Major G. Grant.
When the Sacramento company left the
Capital City last Sunday the boys of the
corps were given a grand ovation by the
citizens. Captain J. F. Lucey will send an
appropriate letter expressing the gratifi
cation of the officers and men to Mayor
Land.
The work of making out and signing
commissions for the officers of the Cali
fornia volunteers was completed at Cali
fornia State military headquarters yester
day by Governor Budd. Adjutant-General
Barrett and Colonel Burgln of the Gov
ernor's staff. Altogether 252 commissions
have been made out. These will be taken
to Sacramento to-day, where the great
seal of the State of California will be af
fixed, after which they will be presented
to the respective officers entitled to them.
The post commissary at the Presidio re
ceived telegraphic instructions from
Washington yesterday to issue ten days'
field rations to the volunteers now sta
! on the reservation, which instruc
tions will be carried out to-day. As It
will require the delivery of over 30.000 ra
tions at one day's notice, the magnitude
of the undertaking will Be easily appre
':. The commissary, however, says
he is equal to the emergency, and, in fact,
;y to meet any demand that may be
made upon him at the shortest notice. .
The headquarters of Captain F. de L.
rarrington at the California Hotel were
crowded yesterday with men who failed
to pass trie required physical examination
to admit of their being accepted as re
cruits in the volunteer service of the
United States army. Altogether, Lieuten
ant Cloman, acting quartermaster of the
recruits, furnished transportation to 348
men, who presented certificates from the
captains of their respective companies
certifying that the men had come to San
Francisco in good faith with the Intention
to enlist. There are still about fifty men
entitled to return home, to whom, trans
portation will be furnished to-day.
A Sword for Tobin.
The members of the Board of Health,
together with all the employes of the de
partment, assembled in the secretary's
office yesterday morning to bid farewell
to Chief Laundry Inspector William F.
Tobin who will depart for Manila in a
ff-w days, being a member of Colonel
Smith's staff of the First California Vol
unteers.
Liieu tenant Tobin had been requested to
come in from the Presidio, and when he
appeared Dr. John C. Spencer, on behalf
ot his associates and the employes, pre
sented the young officer with a beautiful
gold-mounted sword. On the seaboard
was the following inscription:
Presented to Lieutenant William F. Tobin,
Lieutenant First California Infantry, United
States Volunteers, by Mb friends In the Health
Office, Ran Francisco, May 12, UK.
Lieutenant Tobin could only stammer
his thanks and shake the hands of his
associates.
GRAND LARCENY CHARGED.
Mrs. Annie Carroll Wants Her
Nephew, William Ensbury, Ar
rested.
Mrs. Annie Carroll, 1210 Folsom street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim
son's court yesterday for the arrest of her
nephew, William Ensbury, a saloon-keep
er at 312 Second avenue, on a charge of
grand larceny.
In her statement she alleges that her
husband died in September, 1895, and part
of his estate was a deposit of $1700 in the
German Savings Bank. As she cannot
read or write, she took Ensbury with Jut
to the bank recently and drew $700. Sub
sequently Ensbury got possession of the
bankbook and drew the remaining $1000.
The bank refused to give her any satis
factory explanation, and she determined
to have her nephew arrested.
The Fire Department.
At the meeting- of the Fire Commission
ers yesterday afternoon John Finnegan of
engine 3, Joseph Ryan of engine 10 and
John Lavarony of engine <j were granted
I leaves of absence until they returned
! from the war. Eugene O'Connor, fore-
S man of hose 7. John Gavin, hoseman of
■ engine 10. and John Brown, hofteman of
engine 8, were each fined ten days' pay for
neglect of duty. George H. Cook resigned
from engine 33 and William Treadwell was
appointed hoseman of engine 10.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
TJwfa»- _y? .
THE SA!N" FRAKCISCO CALX,, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1898.
HAD TO LEARN HOW TO SMOKE.
Miss Minnie Young Discovers It Is a Pro
fessional Necessity, and Succumbs.
Miss Minnie Young, daughter of Brigadier-General Young, U. S. A., Is
learning to smoke. The lady took her first lesson yesterday, at rehearsal
at the California Theater, and while she is still diffluent in expressing her
opinion as to the soothing influences or the health-disturbing qualities of
the weed, she made unusual progress and hopes soon to be able to distin
guish between an "Egyptian Princess" and a "Nestor."
Miss Young and Miss Olive Snider, a young society belle of Oakland,
are to make their professional debut on Monday evening at the California
Theater in a dramatization of Oulda's popular novel "Moths." Miss Young
Is to play the fetching American girl Fuschia I.each and Miss Snider the
wicked Duchesse de Sonnaz. Miss Snider, though at first greatly appalled
by the designing features of the titled lady's character, is working bravely,
and hopes to score a success.
Miss Young is sure to make an Ideal Fuschla. She is all life and merri
ment and has a deliciously frank way about her. She knows her lines, and
if she conquers the pernicious weed Is sure to nil the hearts of her friends
with pride.
Miss Young has about concluded that smoking is an accessory to the
dramatic art that requires both time and attention. Her first attempt was
not a brilliant success, but It could scarcely be culled a disastrous failure.
A chalky palor and deep rings under the eyes were the only visible effects
of the death-dealing cigarette. Sympathetic friends have assured Miss
Young that the cigarette may be conquered In two lessons, and so by
Monday evening the debutante hopes to be able to not only master the
weed, but gracefully expel the smoke through her nostrils.
Monday evening will be a gala night at the California. All that Is left
of the army and the entire 400 have arranged to be present and lend Miss
Young a hand. Oakland representatives will be over to testify their appre
ciation of Miss Snider. Theater parties will flourish like roses in June, and
the house Is sure to present a magificent spectacle with its wealth of beauti
fully gowned women and handsome men.
NEVILLS PILING
UP THE CHARGES
Myron H. Azhderian, Mrs.
Elsie Williams and Mrs.
Loose Booked.
The Preliminary Examination on the
First Case Postponed Until To-
Morrow Morning.
Contrary to expectation, the prellminary
examination of Myron H. Azhderian, Mrs.
Elsie Williams and Mrs. Grace Loose,
charged with extortion by Millionaire W.
A. Nevills, was postponed in Judge Jo
achimsen's court yesterday morning until
to-morrow morning.
When the cases were called, ex-Judge
Ferral, for the defendants, answered
ready; but Prosecuting Attorney Graham,
after a consultation with District Attor
ney Barnes, asked for a continuance until
to-morrow, which was vigorously opposed
by Ferral. Graham replied that as Prose
cuting Attorney of the court he proposed
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
* **************************************
j THE FIRE OF YOUTH! |
* *
* Have you never experl- *
¥ - ' ltmJt 3?y*~' : v Q£Li L^Siy^lk enced the strength of nerve, *
* o^^^m\ nd energy that are the *
* ftWp^ilJ At^i^l characteristics of the well- *
* %^^^l^ — H JmSifiiL \^B developed man ? Have you .*
* S^S&Sf^^^^^. v^ lost the fire of youth by *
* &}sMmsss? k# '&& ss ***t!&Q 1 dissipations and excesses?' ..-.*;
- M^ ['^/ „ i jMk Do you look with envy upon *
* ***%W/ '•-•'• \ -izzzsfi&r&si ne man who has preserved *
* 10$$ t /^hg^^^Wk his health intact ? Why
ePM ( ' y^^lw^^ on from da y to da y realiz- *
* W&Ml\~---^ s ?§^ior^m ' n^ that you are losing your *
* EfSRi " • "^ m^^Wfifm nerv e force when you can *
* P^ill ~~ ' "^ see a cure witnin y° ur *
i * ™ wstMm hIBCiNG 0811 *
* bii v U I I I U l# 11 1 1 •„, j
! * Is curing thousands of men In your condition- By Its use *
* you can send your life-blood bounding through your veins. * j
: AS YOUNG AS EVER. \
i % "Your Belt took all the pain out of my back and side and wanned me *
j * up all over. lam as young as ever, although I have six children, all ■%
! ■v" grown up to manhood and womanhood," writes C. H. Payne, San Pedro 1
i * Cal. . : *
* Why go on nursing your weakness when a cure Is at *
L, hand ? Get Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. It makes strong men *
* and women. Call and test the Belt or write for booklet, *
1 "Three Classes of Men." It is mailed free to any address. *
|-J It tells how manly strength may be regained. Call or address *
* SANDEN ELECTRIC CO *~~ ■■■■ ■ '■"'"" "'*''■£'
% SrtIWCH clcv.l mv - v-,u. IMPORTANT J
% 702 Market Street, Corner Geary, San Francisco. ; NOTICE ; *-~«^rs ! " f
* Office hours— B a. m. to Bp. -m. ; Sundays, 10 Dr • Sanden'q nffir-e-a j,
* to 1. Branches at Los Angles, Cal., 204 South .« Urn .( -no i? ? ? *
* - Broadway: Portland, Or., 253 Washington St.; : v are no rat 1 02 Market. b* :
* Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth st.; Dallas, Tex., Street, corner Geary.
A 285 Main st. if — : ; —£." ¥
'■...- . - "' ~ -..*-, - ■ ...■,"...-.*
* * * * * * * * * * * ********** * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *v* *
"I think Ripans Tabules about the best thfng
there is," said the Colonel; "I guess they are THE
best ! I was sitting the other evening smoking and drink-
ing a little whisky and water ; there were four of us there
and one complained of being very uncomfortable. When
he had told us about it I said to him, - all that ails you is
indigestion,' and I gave him a Ripans Tabule from a little
vial I had in my pocket. We each of us took one, and
since then I have learned that every one of the three has
bought the TABULES and thinks them the greatest
things there are a going."
to conduct the prosecution himself, but as
Private Detective Curtin had not taken
the trouble to make him conversant with
the facts in the case he was unable to
proceed, and, therefore, he would insist
upon a continuance as asked.
The Judge thought that under the cir
cumstances it would be no injustice to
the defendants to grant the continuance,
but it must be understood that the cases
would go on to-morrow.
Ferral then asked that the bonds of
each of the defendants should be reduced
to $20u0. The Judge said he would have
no objection if reliable sureties were of
fered and approved by Bond Inspector
Newman. The defendants were then taken
back to the Cfty Prison, where another
warrant was served upon them upon an
other charge of extortion. In this in
stance they are charged with obtaining
from Nevills $500 on February 27 by a
similar threat of accusing Nevills of being
; false to his marriage vows. This was two
I days after the alleged extortion of the
$2000. The complaint, like the previous
one. was drawn up in the District Attor
j ney's office.
Memorial Day Celebration.
The committee having charge of the
arrangements for the celebration of Me
morial day has almost completed its work.
It will be Impossible to have any kind of
; a military demonstration this year, but
( it is expected that many independent so
j cietles will turn out in the parade. Do
• nations of flowers will be received inß'nai
j B'rith Hall on Sunday, the 29th inst., and
: the services will be held in Trinity Pres
! byterian Church.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath bouse enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling. B!lliard3. Croquet.
Handball. Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, JlO to Jl5
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLKTT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SPECIAL NOTICE !
THE TAVERN OTCASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of Guests
JUNE FIRST.
; Owing to the favorable weather conditions in
| the Shasta region and at the request of many
: patrons The Tavern of Castle Crag will be
I opened for the reception of guests Wednesday,
> June 1. two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
! agement which have characterized this well-
! known resort will be continued.
j Applicants for accommodations prior to June
i 1 should address Mr. George SchonewaUJ, Man-
: ager, room 59. Union Trust building. San Fran-
I Cisco. After above date they should address
j him at Castle Crag, Shasta County. Cal.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
I and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market st., S. F., J8: trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
I For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
PI/ k 000 HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma Co
■ Nnußllll Only *^ hours from s - F- arid
; VllnUwU but 9 miles' staging; waters
: noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
i In State; swimming and boating: grand moun-
| tain scenery-; excellent climate: good trout
! streams at door: photographers' room; tele-
! phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip <rom S. F. only $5 50; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or 112 a week. Reference, any guest of tha
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop. .
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot ana cold
; plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
i water, fine stone dining room: telephone con-
i nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
1 good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING. Manager.
Curative pon-ers of srirtners and mineral bath 3
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
i picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
I of access; telephone connections and daily mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS, Pro-
prietor or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE,
T c>-w r i3srs.
On Howcll Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving: $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANOWIN, Anrwln. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick, Slskiyou County, Cal.
ST. HELENA BANITARIU.M.
Natural advantages; salubrious limate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives: pine groves:
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena, Cal.
HILLSIDE FV\RM.
Fine spring water fresh butter, eggs and
milk: magnificent location; grand scenery.
Rates. $7 to $9 per wek: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL, Napa, Cal.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months: private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. MRS.
M. HANSEN.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; afl kinds of skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time: kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved; rates $10 to $1S
j>er week. Long-distance telephone. Address
J. A. HAYS. Proprietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages; terms $10 to *12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor. Hopland, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure,;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
(table and livery: boating and bathing Jree:
$3 to Jl4 per week; round trip. $9 50. H. WAM-
POLP. Prop., Bertha P. P.. Lake County. Cal.
DEER PARK !NN
(Lake Tahoe), elevation 6507 feeet, opens June
1. Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates, Sl3 50 for ROUND TRIP. J. S.
XJBBT. room 1. Flood building, San Francieco.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
,s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of E the E NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 200, well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the home life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who. will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 6".0 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, in Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guernevllle branches, along Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered daily at camps.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or a\
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Asent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager.
-w"« .'. , ' An Ideal ' place' for : rest,
fn?4-+~ ** recreation and health.
I_W* IWIZM ." ". ; Naturally . warm '■ mineral
[*% > 1. 1 i 1 a. water in swimming tank
~ T^.  . and tub baths. No stag-
•^ V-- - . . ing — private rig. meets
C^ -'-'■•• ----j. ■' - train at St. Helena. Round
VtfM**#f 4VC tr 'P- * 7 Rates, $10, $12, $14
uprillJ;S a ™* :.;■■—•.
M. ; ' O W. L. MITCHELL,
--.^ , .. . Manager, Lldell, Napa
S. F. Aeent, County. Cal. : .
F. V. OWEN, Claus Spreckels Building.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery- The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming -uake. Long-dlstanca Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per w»ck; $2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOj, 15 LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations: $S to $10 per we^k;
roads excellent: good trout fishing and deer
huntlnc on property. For particulars -/rite W.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad, Lake County.
N. P. 0. R. R. TOOALOMA, MARIN 00.
BERTRAND'S HOTEL.
First - class accommodations; reasonable
ratps: fishing: bathing: beau* ul drives to
Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
324 K>arny st.
yflOfin I lirif And • good treat-
UUUU LLCK ment .go hand In
. hand at , HOTEL GISEL.MAN,
: Lakeport, Cal. •
A. H. SPURR; Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stafre line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk: free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand Ted wood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRIXGER. Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Ptacre rlcle shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J. L. SPEHRY, Manager.
JAMES M. HUTCHINGS, Agent, 30 Mont-
gomery street.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas, olectrlc bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve; beautiful
Bcenery; purer* . r: coldest water; good shoot-
Ing: fine trout fishing: vegetables from our own
garden; unexcelled! table; home comforts. L.
B. FRASIER. Sanhedrln P. O.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lnkeport, Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fln»
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children: home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRA.XK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
JOHANNFSBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. Cal.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; bunt-
Ing, fishing, beating, swimming; table sup-
plied with beet market affords. Addre#s HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay.
Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
■sum/nE r.) HOME i /* rtvi .
:;« Santa s Cruz Mountains, ; first-class ' family . re-
sort: * cottages, tents,' hunting and fishing: ar-
, tificial ; lake for ;•. boating _ and ■' swimming; ■ long
: distance * telephone; ■* campers' return "tickets
$2 50. Vi Send for ; circular to ; J. ! H. : HAESTERS.
Olenwood, Cal " ■ "• " • . . '
A MAGIC ISLAND I
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without •
counterpart in America or Europe. Moat phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage rida.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Alwaya open; modern appointments; efficient
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLISXDID ARRANGEMENT
for campers.
Full Information, ratea and illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles, Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations: ratea
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal.
BOATING, FISHING, BATHING.
THE FLAGSTAFF INN.
First-class family hotel. Eolinas, Marin Co..
Cal., $2 per day. Special rates by week or
month. Telephone. Stage dally from San Ra-
fael connects with N. P. C. R'y, 9:30, from San
Francisco. Gasoline schooner twice a week
from San Francisco.
Agent for schooner, PAUL KEYSER, 206 Clay
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, 4
miles frnm Glonwood, county of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery; e.evation 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piann,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage far^. 56c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and nther counties.
Address L. PERHACS. G'.enwood.
ROWfIRDENNAN.
Situated In the Santa Cruz Mountains on San
Lorenzo River, 2 hours from S. F., 40 minutes
from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit by
electric lights: tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ir.gr and fisiilne: finest hall and dining-room in
Santa Curz Mts.; club, billiard and smoking-
rooms. Roman fireplaces. All rooms new,
hard finished and elegantly furnished through-
out. Telephone and telegraph service In office.
Round trip. J3. Address THOMAS L. BELL,
Prop., South Ben Lomond, or see W. H. MEN-
TON, 613 Market St., San Francisco.
UfWTkT A F>lX SPRINGS.
HOWARD putah p. 0.,. 0.,
*a. v-r TT rilVl/ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postoffice and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 61S
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
BURLINGAME.
("Pan Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 19»
miles; fare, $6 46; daily stage to springs, SI
miles; fare. $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotal for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postoffice
In hotel: rates, $10 and up; send for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— I 4 mllea from Ukiah:
charmingly located; % mile from the red-
woods; fine fishing; and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure euro
for rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip
$9 50; terms $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board. J. H. ORR, P. 0.. Mendocino Co., Cat
WRITE W. H. MILLER, Ukiah. for livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money.
WRITE SMITH & HILL, UWah. for livery
accommodations to springs In Lake and Men-
docino counties to save money.
THE WEEKLY CALL
' " " " '  / ; \ j "r" r J '
o{ It Publishes ' the Cream of th»
\ News of the Week and ■•
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c^ ORIGINAL: FEATURES.
°( IT IS*THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ .: : : '",'■' PAPER ON THE
rj PACIFIC COAST .
3 The Best \ / Mining
T» Telegraphic \S News That
°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to dat«
o^ Not a Line of ft Sensational
ex or Faky , and Not a Line of
~3 it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A Champion of
■ v TI . Thoughtful. Truth.
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY :
•T) HOME MAIL, 51.50
o{ INDUSTRIES A YEAR. -
micnlilty:
THTS wkm^known AND rkliabi/e oi/t»
.&. opefiali»tewrejPrlvatP,Nt«rvoU3,!lltJodiiiiilNklu
; PwuMotMfu»ii». Manly Power restore*!. Over
» years' <>xperie«oe. > Send for Book, fr«-o. ; i>*tlen la
I cured at Homo. i Terns r«»Bonablo, , Honra, &to a
; daily ;6:ao to o.aoev'as. Barid«y», w to 19, OonmjJte- m
uoa free and anGredly confidendai, Call eriwidreM
P. JBOBCOB MeXCWT, 31. ».,
««JiJ Komi.} Htr«et;«aa VruelMf, •**-??,
?V~q**«iiy7"*-rtll- "T- 11 — j- v STlf^Tl"f-mirmi;iTr-»i— it— «-r-m -mTir»™TTi. iirrfK-rtff^
56
FRIDAY MAY 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Aft Communic^tionsJo^JJJ^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 18*8.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL . ..One y»or. by mall, $1.60
OAKLAND OFFICE.. —^~~^ ; ~.., 908 Broadway
ISEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. 'World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£ft« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS,
Baldwin — '-In Old Japan."
CoHimbia— "Monbsrs "
California — "The Enslffn."
Alcazar— "Nio be
Mcroseo'B— "The Prisoner of Algiers-"
Tlvoli— "Ship Ahoy."
Orphemn- Vsodevllte.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masonic Festival.
Sherman, Clay Hall — Paloma Sehramm, Saturday afternoon.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Knelsel Quartet, Monday, May 16.
Metropolitan Temple— Testimonial to Fritz Scheel, Sunday
afterncon. May 15.
The Chutoa- Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art.' f
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Doer and Pony Show.
Sutro Baths— Swimming',
El Canipo— Music, ilanciujr, boatinsr, fishing 1 , every Sunday,
California Jockey Club, Oakland — Races to-day. j
POSTAL INVESTIGATION.
r~^ ONGRESSMAN LOUD took a step which will
I be gratifying to the whole country when he
moved for the appointment of a Congressional
Commission to make an exhaustive examination into
the postal service. Such an examination has long
been needed. The postal deficit has been a scandal
for years past, and since there is so much disagree
ment as to the real cause of the evil and the best
remedy to provide for it, the importance of the work
to be expected of the proposed commission will be
eevrywhere recognized.
The subject is one with which the general public
is by this time fairly familiar. While the postal ser
vices of Great Britain, France and Germany yield
handsome surplus revenues to those countries, ours
is a burden upon the national treasury instead of a
help. Two theories are advocated in reference to the
issue. According to one the deficit is due mainly to
abuses of the clause of the law providing for second
class mail matter, and according to the other it is due
to excessive rates paid to railroads for transporting
the mails.
Each of these theories has a foundation in fact. Oa
all classes of mail except second class there is a sur
plus revenue, and it is known that hundreds of tons
of matter is carried as second class that is not justly
entitled to that privilege. If this abuse were pre
vented there would be no deficit. On the other hand
there is a large amount of evidence to support the
assertion that the transportation rates are excessive
and that if they were reduced to rightful figures the
Government could continue .to carry as second class
matter all that it is now carrying without having a de
ficit at the end of the year.
The discussion on the subject has been widespread
and prolonged. The commission proposed by Con
gressman Loud is therefore one called for by public
demand. It is time that all evidence on the subject
should be gathered, digested and reported so that
some steps may be taken to put an end to a condition
of affairs which is not only wasteful of public money,
but a discredit to the business methods of the Govern
ment
An evening paper notable for stupidity not unsav
ored of malice claims that the Cubans have the Span
ish virtually conquered now, the intimation being the
United States troops are being sent to the island
simply to win glory for the commanders. Of course
the assertion is arrant foolishness and but for its
tincture of meanness would not be worth noticing.
Certainly to reply to it would be a waste of space.
Doubtless the Kaiser will "have something to say
about the final disposition of the Philippines." He
has full liberty to make remarks concerning that or
anything else. In fact there is no reason for discour
aging his tendency to talk himself black in the face.
But he must not get the idea that Uncle Sam is to be
influenced by his chatter.
At the risk of offending two large and muscular
persons the fact is worth mentioning that nobody be
lieves either Corbett or Fitzsimmons intends to fight,
nobody cares whether they do or do not enter the
ring. Only the vague hope that one might kill the
other and go to jail for it arouses a passing interest.
The pang of having to go on the witness-stand
day after day and evade the truth L not the only one
to which Mr. Huntington i^ being subjected. There
has sprung up a habit, which must cause him pain,
of making the Southern Pacific pay for the privilege
of killing people, a privilege once free.
People on this coast have done all in their power
to sustain the administration. They have found no
fault and they have offered more sen-ice than could
be utilized. But they do feel like saying now that
they wish the Oregon had not been taken away.
Reports that Spanish spies have attempted to
poison the water used by the troops in the South may
be unfounded. However, the fact that they are gen
erally believed shows the sort of people civilization
thinks the Spanish are.
It is too bad some of the troops coming from the
Middle West cannot stop off in Arizona long enough
to practice on the Indians threatening to uprise. The
troops need actual experience and the Indians need
to be made good.
Attempts to make the climate of Manila appear fatal
to white men are worse than idle. In the first place
they are not founded on fact, and in the second place
they may add to the distress of those whose brave
boys are going there.
There is a chance for the police to win approbation
by arresting a few of the bunko men who are making
Hfe a burden to the greenhorn. In many instances
the greenhorn should also be detained in some insti
tution for the feeble-minded.
OUR PROSPECTIVE CITIZEN, 0H Ct\\.
AS is known, the Hawaiian Legislature was
elected by the annexation party, and is unani
mous for that policy. It has passed and re
passed, ratified and reratified annexation, and has
threatened to offer the islands in the markets of the
world if a taker is not found in the United States.
Only recently we were assured of the intense anti-
Chinese sentiment of this Legislature and its con
suming desire to welcome the Anglo-Saxon as a
laborer and a citizen.
The Labor Commissioner of California, who made
an official pilgrimage to this shrine of anti-Chinese
opinion, returned reporting the Legislature looking
and longing for white hands in the cane fields and
burning with a desire to send the pigtails back to the
Flowery Kingdom. One would have thought bil
liards taboo in Honolulu because the game is played
with a cue, which might be confused with the Celes
tial queue. All this was profession, but it fixed public
attention in this country and has permitted the oppo
site practice to go on riotously and profitably.
Under the constitution of the Hawaiian oligarchy
there is provided "a Council of State," the analogue
of the Privy Council of the Queen of Great Britain
and Empress of India. These councilors are the ad
visers of President Dole, who seems frequently in
need of advice. These councilors of state are elected
by the Legislature. There recently occurred in this
Council of State five vacancies; why is not explained.
Perhaps they had grown weary advising the President
to keep up a republican pretense in a government
based upon the consent of only 2 per cent of the gov
erned. Anyway, there were five vacant chairs in the
great Council of State, and under the constitution the
annexation Legislature had to fill them. For the
first vacancy Mr. George R. Carter was a candidate.
He is a brother of Mr. Charles Carter, who went out
with the Dole forces against the native revolution in
1895, and was the only one killed. Being the brother
of the only martyr of the oligarchy, Mr. Carter ex
pected to win hands down in the Legislature, but he
didn't. Mr. Ah Chi, a Chinese gentleman, Celestial
from top to toe, smell of punk and nut oil and all,
was presented as a candidate and elected over Mr.
Carter. Ah Chi sits now in Mr. Dole's Council of
State and advises the President. If Hawaii be an
nexed as a county of California we may have him as a
member of our Legislature, or if the State of Hawaii
come into the Union why may not Senator Ah Chi be
sent to Washington?
Whether there is a new heaven or not, annexation
seems to open up a new earth to this country in which
there are great spectacular possibilities, and not the
least among them is our prospective fellow citizen,
Ah Chi.
HARD TIMES AND REVOLUTIONS.
j\A ODERN students of the philosophy of his
/ \ tory are virtually agreed that all revolutions,
* whether political or moral, have been due to
bad economic conditions more than to any dissatis
faction with the politics or the morals whi h they
overthrew. When crops are good, wages abundant
and the means of obtaining a livelihood are within
easy reach of all, the average man will endure almost
anything rather than take the risk of revolt against
the powers that be; but when hungry and homeless
i he is ready to listen to the voice of the agitator and
follow any leader who promises to overthrow the
established order of things and make a new deal.
We had an illustration of the truth of this
philosophy in 1896, when the hard times of the three
previous years produced so much discontent among
! the people that the professional calamity howler had
I an audience in every city, town and village, and when
j the desire of the people for a change was so great
j that large numbers of them voted for what would
I have been a financial and commercial revolution.
j From such an example of what tendencies to revolt are
brought out by hard times even in a country so pros
perous as the United States and among a people so
intelligent, it is easy to estimate how extreme is the
danger to European nations when a season of bad
crops and no wages happen to coincide with the dis
cussion of some political or moral issue which di
vides men into parties or classes.
Europe is just now going through such a crisis.
Bread riots have occurred in Spain and in Italy, and
in both countries the professional agitators and revo
lutionists have taken advantage of them to incite the
people to revolt. The situation is bad in Spain, but
even worse in Italy. Although there is reason to be
lieve that the censorship of the press at Rome has
suppressed as much as possible the truth of the ex
tent and degree of the riots in that country, enough
has been published to make it certain that insurrec
tions amounting almost to the dignity of civil war
have broken out and the very integrity of th^ king
dom is threatened.
The situation is the more serious because there is
every prospect that economic conditions throughout
Europe will grow worse before they become better.
The wheat crop is scarce in all parts of the Continent
To prevent a further rise in the price of bread the
French Government has suspended the duty on the
import of wheat. Germany ' not better off than
France, and according to recent reports the crop in
Russia is so small that trie Government of that coun
try proposes to prohibit the export of wheat in order
that it may retain enough for its own reople.
With such conditions prevailing and such prospects
before workingmen the calamity howlers of Europe
are having a season of triumph except where the
strong hand of Government chokes them off. All
manner of attacks are now being made against ex
isting social institutions. No nation in Continental
Europe is free from them, and in all lands where the
social fabric is not founded deeply on the abiding
sympathies of the people the danger of revolt and
civil disturbance is menacing in the extreme.
Probably had Policeman Murphy discovered any
body on his beat so rich in the symptoms of inebria
tion as he himself the unfortunate would have been
arrested as drunk. Without desiring to prejudice the
case of Murphy, it may fairly be said that San Fran
cisco prefers its guardians to be sober.
The first and best use to make of General Nunez
when San Juan has been taken will be to hang him to
a tree. Such a course would fittingly rebuke Nunez
and render him serviceable as a horrible example.
It is unfair to charge Spanish soldiers with coward
ice because they fled before a mob of women who
were armed with axes and clubs. Perhaps they were
influenced by a feeling of gallantry.
Senator Elkins thinks the Government should sell
the Philippines. Elkins has apparently been even
more prompt than usual in the organization of a syn
dicate.
Italy's riots might almost be dignified by the title
of civil war. So far they have been more fatal than
any actual war now in progress.
THE SA]^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1898.
PATRONAGE OF THE CHARTER.
PROFESSOR JORDAN of Stanford University
on beirtg asked a few days ago what he thought
of the charter soon to be voted on by the people
of this city said:
"I believe that the chief cause of the failure of
municipal government in the United States lies in the
conversion of the public service into patronage to be
distributed among personal favorites and partisan
workers. The proposed charter of San Francisco per
petuates this condition of the distribution of patron
age by individuals and cliques. It, therefore, offers
mighty little promise of reform either in effectiveness
or in economy."
Professor Jordan might have added to this a
further fact. Not only does the proposed charter
perpetuate the spoils system of administering the
municipal government, but it concentrates in the
hands of one official (the Mayor) upward of 80 per
cent of all the spoils. Every vestige of authority has
been taken from the people. The patronage of every
elective office has been reduced to the lowest possible
point, and the patronage of every board or commis
sion appointed by the Mayor increased. All political
power has been centralized in a Board of Public
Works, the Fire and Police commissions. These
three bodies will expend nearly half the annual appro
priations.
Those who intend to vote for the adoption of the
charter on the 26th instant should be advised of their
responsibility. It is for the purpose of bringing home
to the people a realization of the danger of fastening
upon the city a form of government which will re
sult in greater abuses than prevail under the con
solidation act that we urge all intending voters to
thoroughly consider the instrument. In the nature
of things it can make very little difference to The
Call whether the proposed charter is adopted or not.
This journal can exist under any charter, but the peo
ple as a mass are vitally interested. If a great politi
cal boss is created here with unchecked powers the
common people will suffer most. The corporations
and millionaires will be able to take care of them-
Eelves. They are always the last to feel the oppression
of corrupt politics and maladministration.
The proposed charter is the embodiment of cen
tralization. Under a centralized government it is
always easy to put up jobs to rob the public. The
check of diverse interest is absent in an organization
where one-man power prevails. In order to rule San
Francisco completely, should the new charter be
adopted, it will only be necessary for the corporations,
bosses, millionaires and associated villainies gener
ally to combine on a candidate for Mayor whom they
have stripped of his powers in advance. That men
of character can be found to head such combina
tions cannot be doubted. Vide, the blue-blooded Van
Wyck of New York, the willing tool of Boss Croker.
A ShJARP FINISH-
T UST before General Fitzhugh Lee and the
pi American colony left Havana a correspondent
asked a British officer whom he met in that city
for an estimate of the probable duration of the im
pending war. To this question the officer is reported
to have replied, "In my judgment it will take the
United States thirty days to catch the Spaniards, and
then the war will be finished in thirty minutes."
From present prospects it looks as if this off-hand
prediction would be fulfilled almost to the letter.
We have already destroyed the power of Spain in the
Pacific and frightened her Atlantic fleet from the
seas. Our troops are ready for the descent upon
Cuba. Before thirty days from the date of the de
claration of war we shall have caught the Spanish
forces in that island and then the war will be virtually
over.
The stars in their courses have fought against
Spain. Economic distress has been more deadly to
her than American guns, though handled by the
bravest and most accurate gunners that ever went
with a modern battle-ship into action.. The Spanish
people, already dissatisfied with the existing Govern
ment, have been roused to deeper discontent by the
increase in the price of food, and bread riots have dis
turbed the Government as much as the dread of
Carlist insurrection or republican revolts. With no
chance of winning victories to rouse the military
pride of the people, the Queen and her Ministers can
hardly venture to risk a battle on land or sea, and
will be glad to surrender every colony of Spain if
only by so doing they can save the monarchy from
overthrow and the country from a civil strife that will
be very near a war of extermination.
Under such circumstances it is reasonable to ex
pect that the end of the war is near. When it is over
we shall have to engage in the arduous and perplex
ing task of bringing order out of disorder in the
former possessions of Spain which will then be in our
hands. That task will require much more time than
the war. I^i Cuba and in the Philippines everything
is in such confusion that if we should withdraw our
forces at once the result would be anarchy. We can
not in justice so far shirk our responsibilities to the
people of those islands as to permit such an outcome
of our destruction of Spanish power, and to that ex
tent we shall have some problems of the war con
fronting us for a long time to come.
Such affairs, however, are for the future and will
be dealt with as each newly arising emergency re
quires. For the present the one issue is to settle with
Spain as speedily as possible and put an end to war.
This is evidently the administration aims at.
There is to be no delay. The finish will be short and
sharp. The chances are we shall celebrate the com
ing Fourth of July with rejoicings over a war which
has been fought out and won, leaving the people free
to resume the industries and enjoy the benefits of
peace.
According to a Spanish Cabinet officer that coun
try wants peace, but nobody has the courage to ask
for it. As any one making the venture would prob
ably be lynched by the chivalrous populace, this diffi
dence is not strange. It is easier to be a martyr at
the cannon's mouth than at the hands of a mob.
With priests and preachers resigning their charges
so as to enlist, "the peace at any price" people are
losing ground. The pulpit was the last leg, so to
speak, they had to stand on, and, happily, it is
wobbly.
If the Government shall accept as authentic any
news sent by correspondents such as Creelman it will
not only be showing a lack of judgment, but courting
trouble, of which it seems already to have enough.
If Premier Sagasta really declared in favor of
"open, manly and honorable warfare" that grim
looking old man must be even a greater joker than
statesman.
Evidently Blanco when he took the reins of office
got Weyler's typewriter as" part of the necessary
equipment.
Spain's flying squadron seems to be rightly named.
But whither does it fly?
I THE SUNDAY CALL.
; FOR MAY 15, 1898 AMONG OTHER FEATURES, WILL CONTAIN:
: VOLUNTEERS OFF TO MANILA.
Vv V How Our Soldier Boys Are Preparing to Hold the Philippines.
2k 000000000000000000
MffiT^ ,' tot o READ THE SUNDAY CALL. °
*A y£' 000000000000000000
>^5C y^ GENERAL SICKLES ON SPAIN.
/ \A. T # s&6^^ ur former Minister at Madrid Tells
3 \ c\\\ A S/yr What the Dons Thlnk of Us -
/&^39 J/KV^^y CORINTHIAN YACHT CLUB.
l^ryT // When the "Hoist Sail" Signal Was Hoisted.
N, WOMEN'S CLUBS.
/^>^jC_ &7flf It Their Use and Acuse as Seen by Prominent Women,
<^JL n\ TF * E *l° u * glass.
\ jr/T^~*^*J X A Thrillin s Stor y b y Robert barr.
Jfl I /X j 00000000000000000000
Iff A I o READ THE SUNDAY CALL o
1 / 1/ /1\ 1 00000000000000000000
. ' jf; I PcJ HOW TO SUCCEED AS A TRAVELING SALESMAN.
/yf^^tT 1 By HENRY CHAPMAN, the Oldest Dry-Goods Man on the Roa\.
// / 1 IMPRISONED IN MORRO CASTLE.
frff- / \ Exciting Story of a Volunteer Now in Camp at the Presidio Who Served
• l^j«y> \^ Under Maceo and Fought Hand-to-Hand Battles for Cuba.
*\j^L ' I -- ; J^s^ And All the Latest War News by Special ;
Sas »» 3 *** ■ mT '' Correspondents. '
00000000000000000000000000000000000000 i
o READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL. I j
o v o
00000000000000000000000000000000000000
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
J. "W. Henderson, the banker, of Eu
reka, is at the Lick.
Dr. W. C. Grove and wife of Victoria,
B. C, are at the Palace.
E. L. Allen, head agent of a large New
Ycrk Insurance company, is at the Bald
win. »
Hugh Martin, a business raan of Red
ding, registered at the Russ yesterday
afternoon.
Colonel D. B. Falrbank, N. G. C, came
down from Petaluma and is staying at
the California.
George L. Hoxle, the well known at
torney of Fresno, will be located at the
Lick for a few days.
S. N. Griffith of Fresno and W. A.
Shahan of Portland were among the ar
rivals at the Occidental.
Z. A- Wlllard of Boston, who has ex
tensive land interests In Sonoma County,
to which he makes yearly visits, is at
the Baldwin with his wife.
J. A. Fillmore, manager of the Pacific
system of the Southern Pacific Company,
has gone to Bartlett Springs on a much
needed two weeks' vacation.
Dr. P. R. Watts came up from Sacra
mento to attend the State session of the
California Homeopathic Medical Society,
and registered at the California.
H. L. Frank.
c x-M ay or of
Butte, Montana,
and prospective
Governor of that
State, was din-
Ing with a party
of friends at tho
BOTH
REDUCED
THE RENT.
Palace, when the subject of conversation
turned upon the many peculiar charac
ters there are in the world. Mr. Frank
said: "I think we had a notable one of
that class in the person of a man named
Paul Davis up our way. His pecularity
lay in his gift of repartee, and hardly
a day passed but Paul gave expression
to some new phrase that was soon on
the lips of every inhabitant in our local
ity. His* broken English probably served
to add zest to his sayings, and to us he
was as good as some theatrical comedian,
at least.
"One day a member of the tonsorial
fraternity came into Paul's place, and
thinking to 'jolly' the old fellow, patron
izingly said: 'Well, Paul, business seems
to be pretty good with you. How much
money are you banking the*» days?'
Paul looked up at his fresh friend and
answered Quietly: 'How is peezness in
der barber shop?' The manuipulator of
whiskers replied: 'Oh pretty fair.' 'Veil,'
said Paul, 'dats all you need to know.'
And this method was effectually used
thereafter to squelch any one of an in
quisitive turn of. mind in Butte.
"When Tom Carter first decided to
make the campaign for United States
Senator, Paul thought it foolish of him
to oppose several millionaire candidates
for the same honor, saying that he had
no show. However some one told Paul
that Carter was going to put $100,000 in
the fight,, and the old man said: 'Ah!
Dat is de reason dey 'choiced' him.'
"But the best joke of all, probably be
cause it was on me, occurred at the time
or tne nnanciai depression some years
ago, when Paul suffered with the rest.
He was a tenant of mine and was pay
ing me $300 a month rent. I went into
his store one day, and thinking to please
him and at the same time help him out
in his difficulties, I said: 'Well, Paul, I
guess I'll make your rent $250 from now
on.' He did not even give me an answer-
Ing nod, and supposing that ha had si
lently acquiesced I took my departure.
Or. the first of the next month he handed
my collector a check for $200. The lat
ter said: 'Paul, I guess you misunder
stood Mr. Frank. You know he told
you that your rent would be $250.' Paul
replied: 'I didn't misunderstood him. Ha
retooced der rent $50 und I retooced It
$50.' And Paul's rent remained at his
ligure ever after."
Attorney "W. D. Grady of Fresno regis
tered at the Occidental.
E. I>. Bannister, a prominent mining
man of Redding, is a guest at the Pal
ace.
W. S. Aldridge, a prominent shoe mer
chant of Rochester, N. V., Is stopping at
the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. J. A. Parker are In the
city from Minneapolis for an extended
visit, and can be found at the California.
L. H. Severance and L. S. Severance,
two enterprising merchants of New York
and Cleveland, 0., are staying at the
Palace.
B. F. Shepherd Jr., a Fresno druggist.
and Colonel J. H. Gysellar, N. G. C, a
liquor merchant of Eureka, are at the
Grand.
T. R. Eckert of New York, who has
been in Cloverdale for some time for the
benefit of his health. Is at the Baldwin
with his wife.
OUR WOMEN PATRIOTS.
Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
The spirit of patriotism so rife among the
wome ; . of our land, evidenced by their
wearing on their breasts the national
colors in miniature form, is one of the
most hopeful auguries for the future of
the nation. They cannot do the fighting,
but the stamina and courage they impart
to the sterner sex go far toward consti
tuting the latter in the field and on the
sea invincible. It is not enough to say,
on the part of the cynical, that the wear
ing of badges, so much in vogue to-day
among the women, old, middle-aged and
young, of California and all other States
of the Union, is due to their love of dis
play and mania for adornment so inherent
in their nature. No. the cause of it lies
deeper, and has its source in a much more
noble and ennobling passion. They "re
member the Maine," and they also remem
ber how inoffensive women and children
in Cuba have been persecuted, tortured
and ruthlessly butchered by Spain, and
now that Unc\e Sam has torn off the
shackles that bound him and has entered
the arena to battle for the cause of hu
manity and to avenge the dastardly deed
of treachery by the dons in assassinating
266 loyal, brave and unoffending American
citizens while they peacefully slept in
their bunks aboard the Maine as she rode
at anchor in Havana harbor, the humane,
tender-hearted, sympathetic matrons and
.maidens of the land rejoice that American
manhood is at last asserting itself to in
flict righteous punishment upon the cruel
Spa-niards for all their latter-day barbar
ism, and to liberate from thraldom to
Spanish tyranny the courageous, liberty
seeking Cubans.
This gladdens the hearts of our loyal
mothers, wives and daughters, and they
give outward expression to their feeling
by wearing the badge of patriotism. All
honor to them! and may the day speedily
come when they shall be allowed to ex
ercise the highest right of American citi
zenship—the right of suffrage.
JOHN AUBREY JONES. '
Fruitvale, Cal., May 12.
PRESIDENT JORDAN AND THE
NEW CHARTER.
Kdltor of The Call— Sir: As gome persons
have misinterpreted ■ r. Jordan's written opin
ion on the prospects of the New Charter you
will oblige me by explaining that his letter la
strictly limited to the terms expressed, and
that he was not prepared to give his opinion on
any other point. His letter is aa follows and
speaks clearly for Itself:
J. H. STAX.LARD.
XASMIN HOUSE, Stanford University.
I believe that the chief cause of the failure
of municipal government in the United States
lies In the conversion of the public service into
patronage to be distributed among personal fa
vorites and partisan workers. The proposed
charter of San Francisco perpetuates this con
dition of the distribution of patronage by in
dividuals and cliques. It therefore offers
mightly little l promise of reform, either in
effectiveness or in economy.
DAVID STARR JORDAN.
THE WAR AND THE EDITORS
The victory won in Philippine waters
will endear the navy more than ever to
the American people, give It a stronger
claim for liberal treatment and insure its
writing another glorious page in Ameri
can history.— Philadelphia Press.
"I can scarcely restrain my joyous
emotions," shouted the Spanish Minister
of Marine when the first misleading
dispatch was received from Manila. And
then Madrid was placed under martial
law. Funny fellows, those Spaniards.—
Chicago Times-Herald.
Not having found it convenient in sev
eral years to say a good word for any
body, the Hon. John James Ingalls is
moved by the Manila battle to acknowl
edge that "Admiral Dewey is worthy of
a place in history." Probably John James
is getting lonesome. — Chicago Record.
"I see by the papers," said the Splendid
Specimen of Western Manhood from Ne
braska, "that one F. Lee has been ap
pointed to a major generalship, but I
can't recall the man. There used to be a
Hung Lee in Lincoln, but they say this
person conies from "Virginia. I will have
to make inquiries." — Chicago Inter Ocean.
In time of war the President is the
United States in person, and accusations
against him are treason. Treason, be
cause every word spoken which will
weaken him personally will make obedi
ence to his orders more difficult to those
who believe that word, and will thus
weaken the power of the United States—
for it is the very keynote of our Govern
ment that it derives its power from the
willing service of free men.— Syracuse
Herald-
What particular objection tho European
continental powers can have to our tak
ing the Philippine Islands is difficult to
understand. We must have a coaling sta
tion in Asiatic waters, and we are entitled
to seize Spanish territory to hold by way
of indemnity. Russia, England and all
the rest of our neighbors know well
enough that we do not desire to annex
islands off the Chinese coast, and there
should not be any question of our bona
fides in the matter.— Washington Times.
To speak of the United States as an un
warlike nation is nonsense, unless it is
meant that we do not make a business of
war or maintain great armies and arma
ments at all times. But we have repeat
edly demonstrated that our citizen s^i
diery can be recruited and mobilized in
times to make it interesting for nations
that have large standing armies. We do
not keep vast standing armies, but our
people spring to arms when there is need
with an alacrity that shows a .strong and
virile character that aspires with good
reason to the hegemony of the world. —
Louisville Courier-Journal.
WHAT ONE SOLDIER EfITS.
How many young men who are thirst
ing for war know what "emergency ra^
tions" mean?
In the first place, what io an "emer
gency?"
It is such an occasion as requires troops
to subsist on food carried on their per
sons. Emergency rations are rations for
All He Gets on an Emergency March.
five days, that being the limit of the tlm»
during which the men can live on th«
ration and keep up their fighting strength,
A day's emergency ration consists of 10
ounces of bacon, 16 ounces of hard bread,
4 of peameal, 4 of coffee or half an ouncf
of tea, 4 grains r>f saccharine, 64-10t
ounces of salf, 4-^> ounces of pepper,
half an ounce of tobacco. Put into Hvh
day packages, the emergency rations ar«
kept at all military posts ready for imme
diate use.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tb at Townsend'B.*
■♦ ■ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1U42. •
Last week we received 67 new patterns
of moldings for picture frames, Flemish,
and old Dutch oaks, bone ebony, grays,
Persian greens, seal browns, mahogany,
cherry, natural raw woods and fine gold
lacquers. These are now on sale. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
"Here is a short poem taken from the
French," said the would-be contributor.
"The French should be everlastingly
grateful," snorted the editor, as he
opened the door and bowed a series of
short bows. — Detroit Free Press.
Excursion to tho Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 1! for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in first
class Pullman cars, and tickets will be sold,
including berths, meals and trip through th«
Park. Send for circular giving rate and
itinerary to T. K. STATEL.ER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 63S Market street,
San Francisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mri,
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
COR<">NADO — Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from tn#
mists common further north. Round trip tlclu
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' boarf
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer stay,
%2 50 per day. Apply 4 Xew Montgomery st^
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Coron%*
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs, Col%
« m •
; ACKER" 8 ENGLISH REMEDY 13 BETON»
question the ■ greatest %of ■ all - modern remedied.
will cure ' a cough or cold Immediately of
money back." At No Percentage Pharmacy. *BRODERICK'S FIGURES
ARE CORROBORATED
Expert Cyril Williams, Under Direction of
the Board of Supervisors, Exposes
New Charter Finances.
)wing to a Reduction in Salaries in the City
Schools, a Heavy Burden Will Fall
on the Teachers.
On Monday last The Call published a financial statement prepared by
Auditor Broderick showing the probable amount of money which will be re
quired to conduct the municipal government under the proposed new char
ter. This statement, as was said on behalf of the Auditor at the time, was
the result of a careful examination of the books and accounts of his office
and a thorough comparison of the charter's provisions with them.
The Auditor's estimates showed that under the new charter there will be
an annual deficit of $1,121,188. This was predicted upon the fact that the
charter provides a limit on taxation of $1 on each $100 valuation. The Aud
itor estimated the revenue from sources other than taxation upon the fig
ures of the present year, and reached^a total by adding the money yielded
by the dollar limit and that derived from other sources together.
In this way he demonstrated beyond the possibility of a rfoubt that, with
out an annual suspension, by unanimous vote of the Mayor and Supervis
ors, of the dollar limit, the new charter would impose upon the city a finan
cial system of deficits.
Under the direction of John A. Russell, clerk of the Board of Supervis
ors, and Dr. Rottanzi, chairman of the Finance Committe, Cyril Williams,
expert of the Finance Committee, has prepared a similar, though more ex
tensive, statement. Mr. Williams is thoroughly familiar with the finances
of the city, it being his business to expert its books constantly. He has pro
duced, without consultation with the Auditor, almost a similar financial ex
hibit.
The only difference, practically, between the two statements, as will be
seen later <>n. consists in Mr. Williams giving the appropriations for this
yoar credit for Jl:'2,000 expended in back salaries. He thus reduces the an
nual deficit foreshadowed by Auditor Broderick by about $200,000.
The striking fact in connection with these two statements is that they
have been prepared by financial experts who are thoroughly familiar with
the business of the municipality, who, without consultation with each other,
have practically i"ached the same result. The only difference between the
Auditor's statement and Mr. Williams' statement is "that the latter is a trifle
more thorough and exhaustive.
The following is a brief synopsis of Mr. Williams' exhibit, showing in
creases and decreases in the various departments under the proposed
charter:
Increase. Decrease.
Salaries of Supervisors and clerks $7,200
Supervisors' stationery department, two clerks 2,400
License Collector's department (abolished) $35,400
Rewards for criminals (estimated) 5,000
Street sweeping (estimated increase by Contractor
M' -Donald) 60,000
Mayor's contingent fund 1,800
Special fund to be used in constructing new sewer
system 50,000
Appropriation for public grounds and squares 40,000
Salaries and expenses (Mayor's office) 2,580
Salaries and expenses (Treasurer's office) 750
Salaries and expenses (Assessor's office) 11,100
Tax Collector's office ". IS,IQO
Salaries of Coroner's office and deputies 1,200
Salaries of Recorder and deputies 4,300
Reduction in fees of copyists in Recorder's office 12,000
Salaries of court interpreters 1,500
Salaries and expenses of City Attorneys 300
Salaries In District Attorney's office 2,100
Salaries and expenses of County Clerk 20,425
Salaries and expenses of Sheriff 13,680
Jail No. 2 3,400
Jail No. 3 1 1,860
Expenses of Justices' Courts 2,2*0
Salaries and expenses of Police Courts 11,500
Cost of Board of Public Works 30,000
Expenses of Law Library 4,200
School Department 110,000
Salaries and expenses of Police Department 355,696
Police contingent fund 2,800
Expenses of registration office (other than for elec
tions) 5.000
Expenses of Civil Service Commission 7,000
Park Commisisoners 40,000
Salaries and equipment of Fire Department 238,500
The exhibit made by Mr. Williams of the affairs of the School Depart
ment will be interesting to the school teachers. He figures that the aver
age daily attendance of children during the year ending June 30, 1898, was
33,531, which at $2S per pupil — the amount allowed by the charter for sal
aries—will yield $938, 865. The amount now paid for salaries of school
teachers is $1,054,920. Subtracting from the charter salaries $27,400 now paid
out of the general fund, leaves the total amount allowed for salaries under
the charter $911,468.
There is therefore a reduction of $173,452 in school teachers' salaries
mforced by the proposed charter. Thus it is seen that the entire reduc
:ion and more made in the expenses of the School Department by the
tharter will fall upon school teachers who will have to be discharged
\o meet the reduction.
The result of Mr. Williams' investigations are condensed in the follow
ing table, which is self-explanatory:
INCOME UNDER NEW CHARTER.
Assessment roll $345,000,000, at $1 on the $100 $3,450,000
Receipts from other sources $1,400,700
Add Surveyor's fees (estimated) 10,000
Total $1,410,700
Deduct loss in licenses abolished by the charter 100,000
1,310,700
Interest and einking funds 61,335
Golden Gate Park, 7 cents highest limit (squares turned
over to park) 241,500
Total $5,063,535
INCOME FOR 1897-98.
Taxes for 1897-98 for actual expenditures were.. $5,490,553
Less appropriation for back salaries $72,000
Less appropriation for back salaries (schools)... 120,000
192.000
Total 5,298,553
Cncrease authorized by new charter, partly unavoidable and
partly at discretion of officers. 535,081
Total $5,833,634
Authorized expenses in excess of income under charter. . . 770,000
tfote — A general election comes nearly every year, costing
under new charter at least 180,000
Advertising will also be very largely increased.
Total prospective deficit, not including advertising. t , $950,000
Auditor's estimated deficit $1,121,788
HOMEOPATHIC DISCUSSIONS.
3ghly Interesting Session of the
California State Medical
Society.
The present Fession of the California j
:ate Homeopathic Medical Society is
•oving a highly itneresting one and is |
llculated to do a world of good for j
>meopathy in this country- The fore- I
>on was yesterday taken up with the j
eding of several papers under the head- :
g of clinical medicine and electricity, i
R. Arndt, M.D.. of San Diego, and :
[airman of that bureau, discussed the
bject of "Tubercular Laryngitis." while I
r. K. R. Bryant of San Francisco chose
r his topic "Angina Pectoris/' A num
■r of other papers were read both at the
Dining and afternoon sessions and were
tened to with close attention.
Dr«. E. R. Bryant. William Boerlcke and |
"W ay eland were appointed a commit- j
tee to prepare resolutions of congratula
tion to the Hahnemann Medical College
of Philadelphia, which is celebrating its
fiftieth anniversary in that city
Dr. George F. : . Whltworth of Berkeley
and Dr. Lillie Boldeman of San Francisco
were elected members of the society
The session will be concluded to-day.
. -■ « ■ — ..
Will Honor the Virgin.
The annual ceremony of crowning the
effigy of the Blessed Virgin will be
held at St. Ignatius Church on
the last Sunday of May by the
members of the Ladles' Sodality. A
poem written by Miss Skidmore and dedi
cated to the Virgin will be recited by Miss
Cornelius Stanley before the assembled
members, in the main lecture-hall in the
basement of the church proper.
At the 7:30 o'clock mass next Sunday
morning the entire sodality will receive
communion in a body and commemorate
the first of the six Sundays dedicated to
St. Aioysius.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAX 13, 1898.
LAUGHED FOR THE SAKE OF HUMANITY
PATRIOTISM, enthusiasm and gen
erosity were the shining features of
the benefit performance of the Red
Cross Society at the Orpheum yes
terday afternoon. Although threat
ening weather kept many away,
those who did attend swelled the funds of
the worthy cause by their presence to the
extent of many hundred dollars.
The management labored hard to make
things pass off smoothly and their efforts
were crowned with success. Every artist
and employee of the well-known play
house aided the good work of the society
by gratuitously volunteering their services
and rewarding those present with an ex
cellent entertainment.
Many society ladies and local florists
generously contributed cut flowers, and
a neat sum was realized by their sale
THEY PLAYED AND DANCED AND SANG FOR THE SOLDIERS.
Pretty girls with pleading eyes passed
through the audience disposing of their
wares, netting quite a harvest. There
was an abundance of the sweet-scented
blooms and blossoms, and at the end of
the performance Mr. Kerner successfully
auctioned them off to good advantage.
Owing to the length of the programme
the entertainment was opened promptly
at 2 o'clock by Director Rosner's Hun- j
garian band. The sweet strains of the '
latest patriotic march, entitled "U. 5.," ;
written by Levi, was a pleasing appetizer
for the specialities that followed.
Hayes and. Candy, resplendent in fawn- j
colored vests. "Willie boy" coats and silk
bats, engaged the attention of everybody
by their wonderful dancing. Then came i
W. J. Phillips, who in a Btrong and
musical voice sang "The Stars and
Stripes of America." and for an encore
"The Battle of Manila Bay." Both pieces
MARSHALL LAW AND
HIS GRIEVANCE
He Missed Three Elections and
Then Said the Ballots
Were Juggled.
Spirited Answers From the Accused
Ministers Wind Up the Episco
pal Conference.
But for the Rev. Marshall Law the
Episcopal Convention would have broken
up with every one on the best of terms;
but Mr. Law had a grievance, and at once
there was trouble.
Bishop Nichols asked if any minister
had anything to say before the conference
adjourned sine die, and, availing himself
of the opportunity. Mr. Law rose and said
he had a complaint to make. He said he
had been appointed one of the tellers and
that while attending to his duties he
missed the elections of three committees,
and so lost his vote. He said, too, that he
did not like the way the names were
printed on the ballots, and Intimated that
there was a "job" in It and that the men
who had that work in charge had buen do
ing politics.
"The committee," he said, "soon learns
to be shrewd, and puts the names of
those men it wants elected at the head of
the list, so the ministers present who do
not happen to be personally acquainted
with the candidates simply mark the
names at the head of the list, and those at
the end have no chance. The ballots
should be printed and distributed
at least a day before the election. This
would, no doubt, make a great deal of
wire pulling, but some of it would be wire
pulling of the right sort. Another thing,
all the names of the candidates should be
put on one sheet of paper, instead of sep
arate sheets, as is now the case, and the
names should be put alphabetically."
These remarks brought W. A. M. Van
Bokkelen to his feet in denial of Law's
charges. To question of privilege, he said:
"I wish to deny the open charge made
by Rev. Marshall Law last evening at the
Bishop's reception. I alone am responsible
for the order of names on the ballot, and
I wish to say that neither Rev. M. D.
Wilson nor Mr. Hooke had anything to
do with It. I tirst put down on the list the
names of the old board that was nominat
ed then the names of the candidates in
the order that they were nominated. I
was charged last evening by this gentle
man with arranging the names and with
being in a clique, and having a prear
ranged decision about which way a favor
ite candidate's name should go. To my
knowledge there has been no manipulation
In the case of a single nominee, and if I
have no knowledge of such work it cannot
be "
Rev Mr. Wilson and Mr. Hooke both
got up in their defense, and also to expiain
how the tickets were arranged.
A motion was made so that in the future
no such accusations might arise, that the
names be arranged alphabetically. This
was adopted by the convention.
Bishop Nichols appointed Rev. J. A.
Emery archdeacon of the diocese, and the
appointment was confirmed by the confer
ence. Most of the day was given over to
the elections, which resulted In the follow
ing men being elected for the year:
Standing committee— Rev. R. C. Foute, Rev.
11. bait Chetwood, Rev. E. B. Spalding, L..H.D.,
Rev. E. J. Lion. Major W. B. Hooper, A. N.
Drown, Colonel George H. Mendell. J. J. Val
entine.
Board of Missions— Rev. P. J. Mynard. Rev.
J. R. De Wolfe Cowle, Rev. G. E. Swsui, Q. H.
Kellogrs. Dr. H. C. Davis, Colonel J. V. D. Mld
dleton, C. D. Haven.
Alternate delegates to general convention-
Rev. D. O. Kelley, Rev. E. B. Church, Rev.
J. Bakewell. D.D., Rev. D. McClu.-e. D.D.,
Robert Bruce, Edgar Mills, Colonel G. H. Men
dell, H. H. Hewlett.
Delegates to g-eneral convention— Rev. R. C.
Foute, Rev. W. H. Moreland, Rev. E. B.
aroused enthusiasm, especially the latter,
which gave an interesting description • of
Dewey's great victory. ■ ■ .;
Bogart and O'Brien kept the audience
in an uproar . of laughter by their clever
musical sketch. Their playing on the
bamboo . bells earned them a deserved
• John "W. Ransome's realistic : Imperson-
John W. Ransome's realistic Imperson
ation of Governor Budd caught the house.
His first song on politics past and pres
! ent in this State brought forth great
laughter. His jokes were cleverly told
and he was often recalled. As a final
entrance he sang of the invincibility of
our country in every department, which
i aroused great enthusiasm. ■ ;■■:..
Dr. Voorsanger was , then Introduced
and received a glowing reception. In the
course of his remarks, he said: "This Is
imy first appearance on any stage. In
: my capacity as vice-president of the Red
1 Cross Society, and on behalf of the execu-
tive committee, I beg to extend to this
audience and to the management of the
Orpheum Theater our most heartfelt
thanks for the cordial co-operation in the
work we are now undertaking. It is a
pleasant duty to reward you for your
sympathy by informing you what is
contemplated by the Red Cros-s work."
The speaker then went on and told of
the work done by the society in years
past, and what efforts would be used to
save the brave fellows In the army and
navy from death by wounds, disease and
privation. He then launched out into a
patriotic and eloauc at speech, which
moved his listeners to repeated bursts of
enthusiasm.
Charming and beautiful Tsabelle Urqu
hart, assisted by Wilmer and Vincent, ap
peared in a mirth-provoking farce en
titled "In Durance vile. 1 ' The action of
the skit was fast, the lines funny and the
situations good.
George H. Fielding proved himself the
emperor of comedy jugglers by the ease
SpaldlnK, I^.H.P., Rev. J. A. Etn<ry, Majnr
W. B. Hooper, A. N. Drown, Vincent Neale.
W. A. M. Van Bokkelen.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
The Grand Lodge and the California
State Assembly Elect Officers.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
Odd Fellows yesterday fh.» case of On
tario Lodge, which had its charter taken
from it, was made the special order for
this morning.
The .election of officers rppulted in the
choice of the following for the next term:
Karl C. Breuck of Stockton, grand mas
ter; W. A. Bonynge of Los Angeles, dep
uty grand master; J. L. Rohinette of Sac
ramento, editor of the California Odd Fel
low, grand warden; George T. Shaw of
| San Francisco, grand secretary (re-elect
j ed); M. Greenebaum of San Francisco,
| grand treasurer (re-elected) ; A. M. Drew
I of San Jose, grand representative; John
j Glasson of Grass Valley and C. O. Bur
! ton and J. F. Nichols of Han Francisco,
' grand trustees. The office of trustee for
j the home at Thermalito will be filled to
' day.
I Hiring the afternoon a number of de
j cisions were presented, namely, that a
i deputy cannot grant dispensation* to hold
! special meetings; that a deputy cannot
Krunt dispensations to initiate and con
■ fer degrees the same night; that subor
| dinates cannot confer the past grand' 3
degree at any time; that as the sovereign
I Grand Lodge has authorized a memorial
\ day subordinates may select the time for
! such service.
An effort will be made to have the
Grand Lodge select May 30 as the memo
rial day.
In the evening there was an exemplifi
cation of the initiatory work by Paja.ro
l^odge of Watsonvtlle and of the con
ferring of the degree work by, Excelsior
degree team of this city^
THE REBEKAHS.
The entire session of the California
Assembly of the Rebekaha was taken up !
yesterday in the election of officers and :
listening to addresses by Grand Master
Drews and Past Grand .-aster J. W.
Warboys. The following officers were
elected:
Mrs. Dell C. Savage of Livermore, pres
ident- Mrs. Helen M. Carpenter of Ukiah,
vice-president; Mrs. Caroline Hoxett of
I Gilroy, warden; Mrs.- Mary E. Donoho of
! Sa-n Francisco, secretary (re-elected);
! Mrs. Anna M. Leiee of East Oakland,
: treasurer (re-elected); Mesdames F.
| Thorndike of Stockton. Sallie A. Wolff of
Sacramento, Olive Allen of Santa Rosa,
Lois M. Wycoff of Berkeley and Miss
Fannie A. Benjamin of Los Angeles,
I trustees of the home at Gilroy.
BOGUS — mm* TEA.
BOGUS JAPAN TEA.
Instructions for Examiners in the
Case of Imitations of th«
China Products.
Collector of Customs Jackson was - ad
vised by ! the ? Treasury - : = Department yes
terday, to keep a sharp, lookout for. Japan
teas : " made up \in imitation of ; i Chinese
green teas/ and to apply : the i strict i rule
of examination to them. The instructions
were that whenever Japan teas I shall sbe
Imported I hereafter, so made up as ; to im
itate ; the green ; teas of China, the > exam
iners will compare *■ such teas ? with ,the
pan-fired > standard ■' or ; Japan : teas. ' On
such teas to be made up so as to imitate
Congous they > will ': be \ compared with the ,
North China standards for, Congous. ;>
. . ♦ «
Building Trades' Council.
The meeting of the Building Trades'
Council last night was rather quiet, there
being little outside the routine business
transacted. A communication was re
ceived from Iron Moulders' Union No. 286
of Sheboygan, thanking the council for
its assistance in a fight against a bath
tub manufactory in that place, which has
been satisfactorily settled. A resolution
was passed thanking the storekeepers
who have united in the early-closing
movement and promising that labor
would Bbow 1U appreciation of this action
with which he performs. It has been
quite a while since the theater-going pub
lic has witnessed such finished work in
his line. Balls, plates, bottles, and in
fact articles of every description were
handled with great dexterity. Needless
to say he was repeatedly encored. Gruet,
Beers and Gruet gave a daring exhibition
of eccentric and grotesque tumbling, and
the Venetian Ladies' Orchestra played na
tional airs on mandolins. Mile. Bartho
made a hit in her toe and fancy dancing,
but won great approval when dressed in
the American flag, with her pretty head
covered with a liberty cap, she gracefully
kept time to a national air.
That old-time favorite, Lizzie B. Ray
mond, sang her sweetest, and warmed to
the hearte of every one with sweet smiles
and touching ballads. A bouquet of
magnificent red roses was handed her at
the end of a song, and she, appreciating
the work of the musicians who accom-
panied her, gave each a bloom as a token
of appreciation of their work. Her im
pulsive action won her another burst of
applause.
Marion Kemer's visions of art were of
fered as dessert to the delicious dishes
that had already been served, and a more
fitting close to a repast could not have
been catered. "An Innocent Victim."
"Plantation Courtship," "Urania," "The
Spring," "The Captive." "Spirit of the
Summit," "Up She Goes" and "Cuba
Libre" were given in quick succession.
As the curtain was thrown aside disclos
ing the picturesque creations, they were
warmly applauded. "Up She Goes" and
"Cuba Libre" proved the most popular
and were heartily appreciated.
Harry Orndorff deserted his post as
stage director and sold flowers. H«>
was assisted by Ed Distel, Paul
liutler, Eva Kelly, Lizzie B. Ray
moild-„ Nellie Bowlin, Madge Lansing
and Elita La Moors. Fred Fowler and
Ed Lewis looked after the box office re
in a substantial manner. Trade generally
was reported quiet, with the exception of
the marble cutters, who are making a
vigorous fight to keep contracts for
marble work inside the State
USED A LAMP.
J. F. Moore Assaulted by. Sam Ryan,
His Stepson.
J. F. Moore, living at 44 Russ street, was
taken to the Receiving Hospital last night
Buffering from an ugly wound in the fore
head. Some time ago Moore separated
from his wife. Last night he went to his
home at 762 Howard street, in the hope of
effecting a reconciliation. He was met by
his stepson, Sam Ryan. Trie latter, after
failing to eject him, picked up a lighted
coal oil lamp and threw it at him. The
lamp struck Moore on the forehead, cut
ting a deep gash.
After the wound was dressed by Dr.
Fitzgibbon of the Receiving Hospital staff
he was taken to the City Prison, where he
was charged with being drunk. After
hearing his story, Captain Spillane sent
two of his men to arrest Ryan, but up to
a late hour last night they had not suc
ceeded in locating him. Moore says he
will swear out a warrant for his arrest to
day charging him with an assault with a
deadly weapon.
Suspected of Theft.
Detective Ryan last night arrested a
man giving his name as William Brown
on suspicion of having stolen eight pairs
of buggy robes, which he was trying to
sell to a second-hand dealer on Third
street. He claimed that he had bought
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-■-■-■-■-■ — n- - ■ - 9 - -■
■ THEY ARE OFF. ■
SBSS^ £9 Kfl"
Hi VfciwU"
1 FORWARD, ■
■_ GUIDE RIGHT! ■
' fJUKRAH % FOR OUR GALLANT ||
■ I 1 boys in blue who are off for the war ,
to • uphold '• the glory of the ■ Stars : and \ I
. Stripes, and whether to Manila or Cuba I
■I you : can -depend on our brave California ':.•
T. troops giving •: a good % account ■ of ■ them-; a|
'- . selves. But -.they ■* may have., to tramp ■
II many a weary ; mile up hill and down r A
. dale, « and ' each • soldier . should ■ see that \ ■
a his , feet are properly encased - in good ':
shoes We have , a Bellows Tongue
Waterproof ■ Lace Shoe, =• especially ■
I] pdapted for military ■■■ service — strong, ■I ,
. .serviceable and stout— of the best B|
_, tannery calf skin, unllned, . hand-welted, ™
■ double soles, plain , broad ■ toes and ; bel- j? | £
■I L lows tongues to exclude dust and dirt,*: ■
m which -we will • sell for $2 50 • a pair.
.They are guaranteed: for wear, : and one I
' pair of ■ these . shoes will last a cam- ■
B\ raign. : You can ? wear < them anywhere— T■■
- I over,; rocks tor =". loirs, '-' rough !- ■■ roads, or ■>
■ through mud and • mire, and > you will
always | find  them easy •■ on : the feet, as I £
■ being hand-welted they are free from B
I tacks or threads. The price, $2 50. : . ■ : , . T ;
X"'-: Country orders solicited. -'. . . ; vX
BY: Send for Illustrated catalogue. B
■B. KATCHINSKI, +
■ . PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., 7
• 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. 7
ceipts, while G. A. Holden ably managed
the stage. ' • ,
The total receipts of the performance
amounted $301 25.
■ . . i • , . , m
HUMANITARIANS BUSY.
Headquarters Opened by the
Oakland Red Cross
Society.
OAKLAND, May 12.— Room 222, Central
Bank building, is now in charge of the
Oakland branch of the National Keu
Cross Society, and committees are in ses
sion almost continuously. The activity
shown speaks well for any of our boys
who may be wounded, and the care of
the enemy in case of need.
Mrs. F. B. Ginn, the financial secretary,
to-day made the following announce
ment:
The new enrollment lists are now open
and by payment of $1 every subscriber
becomes a Red Cross man or woman,
enshrined on its records, and dedicated to
its work.
It has work now and strenuously
every nerve is strained and every heart
is turned to Its accomplishment. It has
set Itself to this task— that before next
Monday it will raise $2000. A portion of
this will be expended in bandages— of the
kind which the medical department of
the Government will accept and use, i. c.,
sterilized bandages wound by machinery.
The most of this money to be raised
in Oakland at present is to be sent along
with the boys going to Manila. It is to
be placed in the hands of trusted agents
and members of the Red Cross to whose
care and discretion the responsibility will
be left of alleviating and supplying the
wounded and sick with other comforts
than those furnished by the Govern
ment.
A supply committee has been appointed
; that will receive certain supplies named
; such as wines, brandies, cocoas, etc.; but
; while it is recognized that it may be easier
to furnish supplies than money, it has
i been made clear that with money we can
I surely strike home to the necessity of the
I case, and, therefore, an earnest appeal is
made for money.
The following subscriptions are hereby
: acknowledged: D. A. R. of Oakland, $20;
; Ebell Society, $20; Good Will Kindergar
ten. $2; Mrs. Vernon Jones, $1; M. W. J.,
i $1; C. F. School, $1; Miss Mary Alexander,
i $15; Mrs. William de Fremery, $1; Mrs.
Stoddard, $5; Mrs. Henry Wadsworth. $1;
! Mrs. E. E. Morrison, $1; Miss May Ben
\ ton, $1 70; Miss Louise Hedstrom, $2 50;
Mrs. Albert Miller, $20; Mrs. It. E. Gorrill,
n.
Besides this good beginning, the gentle
men of Oakland are taking a hand in the
matter, and the first to enroll himself to
day is F. M. Smith, with a pledge of $150;
and another, who wishes to be nameless,
has handed the society $100.
The financial committee of gentlemen —
John A. Britton (chairman), I. L.. Requa,
"W. G. Henshaw. P. E. Bowles. H. O.
Trowbridge, Robert Fitzgerald and D. Ed
ward Collins — and other well-known busi
ness men are also pledged to the assist
ance of this society.
DEEDS, NOT WORDS.
Practical Work by th» Ladies
of Buena Vista Parlor,
N. D. G. W.
Buena VlSta Parlor, Native Daughters
of the Golden West, at the meeting last
night, voted $25 to the Red Cross Society,
and then voted $100 to a committee of
twenty-one to expend In procuring for
the volunteers from this State such ar
ticles as may be most necessary, includ
ing towels, soap and packages known as
"first aid to the wounded." The com
mittee, divided into sub-committes of
three, will visit the military posts and
ascertain how these articles shall be dis
tributed. The 134 members of the parlor
also agreed to prepare lunches and dis
tribute them to the men to-morrow. The
parlor on the first Tuesday in June will
give a patriotic entertainment, the pro
ceeds to be donated for the help of the
volunteers who will go to the Philippines.
the robes In Stockton, but the polfce are
convinced that he stole them. He will
be held pending an investigation.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cold Cure cures colds la the bead, colds on the
lungs, old colds, new colds and obstinate colds, and
all Tories of grip. Etops sneezing, discharges from
the nose ana eyes, prevents catarrh, diphtheria,
pneumonia, and Ail throat and lung troubles. These
pleasant little pellets are absolutely harmless, hay«
saved thousands of lives and prevented much sick-
ness. The Mnnyon Remedy Company prepare a
separate cure for each disease. At all druggists—
£5 cents a vial. If you need medical advice write
Prof. Jlunyon, 1603 Arch. Street, Philadelphia. It la
j absolutely" free. ;j . ; . /O ->' . -
•90Bjo ip?o '8681 *og -urBSJBq v
'Man crs poos JgSuUßaq i;uq puß saju Jaqqnj
IJ-B !pavßB3-aiqnop! pavB83-aiqnop 'd-BJ^ U.SI[SU3 puß UOJSBqd
aapids "Aaanq lU'i!i 'Bsauu'eu: ps;unoui-js.vns
'Km A ya ONfIOA isyj
AMUSEMENTS.
MASONIC FESTIVAL
—IN AID OF THE—
WIDOWS' m ORPHANS' HOME
Mechanics' Pavilion,
MAY 9 to_MAY 14.
General Admission 25c.
Season Tickets $1. ... Children lOc.
Tickets on sale (except children's) at leading
business houses. _____
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT!
EXHIBITION DRILL BY THE DRILL CORPS
OF CALIFORNIA COMMANDERY NO.
1, KNIGHTS TEMPLAR.
PATRIOTIC DRILL BY THE LADIES' CALL
FORNIA DRILL CORPS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1897-98, : Beginning TUESDAY.-
. May 3, to May 21 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
BACINO MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNEBDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR i MORE RACES EACH DAY. -
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30,' 2:00, 2 :SO and. 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping •at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:16 and
4:45 D. m., and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pres.
. R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT. t
. Now open . every Sunday ; during ; the season.
Music. Dancing. Bowling, : Boating. Fishing
I'■ and : other amusements. v, ■ ■: : - '• -v •. ; ' r •
Refreshments at city ; prices. Fare, round
| trip. i 25c; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
-THE STEAMER TJKIAH— i
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 13:18.
I and 1 4 p. m. r* Returning, leave El ' Caxnpo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m. ; -■•.';:-
r»T VMDI A I . Eddy M»son «nd
rrLij—l-^ Eddy Slr#et *
WAR! WAR! NEW WAR SCENES
I Castle r the Maine divers at work ; . feeding re-
concentrados; v Spanish r; troops ; and ; ships, with
a host of thrilling Havana war scenes, by the
Blograph, and a great olio of specialties. AD-
MISSION FREE. , v -? ; ■ :- ■;.;.■-■■;. v"/
SUTRO BATHS. !
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from. 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.-v-: :
ADMISSION lOc'<=^^-S- f - CHILDREN So
: . Bathing, with admission, 25c ; children. 20c ■:
DUFFY'S PURE
roiliEDiciNACgsiE
NO FUSEL OIL
More or less ingenious Imita-
tions are on the market and are
shamelessly represented as the
genuine. Look out for them.
Examine the bottle and be sure
it is Duffy's Pure Malt before the
clerk wraps it up.
Pamphlet on application.
DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO.
Rochester, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A DELIGHTFUL PRODUCTION.
The Great French Pantomimist,
PILAR MORIN
Presenting the Tragic Pantomime,
"IN OLD JAPAN."
In conjunction with Fritz Scheel's Orcheßtnu
EXTRA— Beg. SATURDAY NIGHT.
GRAND TRIPLE BILL.
IN OLD JAPAN (tragedy).
A DRESDEN SHEPHERDESS (comedy).
and Symphony Concert.
Daily at 3 (except Saturday), "THE PAS-
SION PLAY.'" Seats 2oc. Coming— YSA YE.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATIXEE SATURDAY.
The Gloriou3 Naval Drama
"THE EINSIGIN."
Two Great Additional Attractions.
THE DRUMMER BOY OF SHILOH
AND HIS FLAG PICTURES.
First Appearance on he Stage of the Sailor Lad
TOM SHARKEY.
Popular Prices loc. 25c and 50a
Next Monday— "MOTHS."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
. ■ ;■/.. A Delightful Production
ALL THIS WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY,
The Eminent Romantic Actor,
ROBERT 15. MANTELL,
Accompanied by - a Select Company.
Under the Management of M. W. lI AXLE Y.
Presenting D' Ennery'a
MONBARS.
Next Monday— "The Face in the Moonlight."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter M0r0»c0.......501e Lessee and Manager.
— FRAN NOON—
In His Superb Dramatized Version of
THE PRISONER OF ALGIERS.
At Every Performance a Grand Contest
Between
Big JIM JEFFRIES
And JACK JEFFRIES.
Evening Price 5......... ....10c, 25c and 500
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. ;
The Charming Comedienne, MISS ISABELLB
URQUHART. Supported by WILMER & VIN-
CENT in the Funniest of Farces IN DUR-
ANCE VILE GRUET, BEERS & GRUET,
Comedy Acrobats; GEORGE H. FIELDING.
Emperor of Comic Jugglers; MLLE. BARTHO,
Transformation Dancer; KERNER'S VISION 3
OF ART New Subjects; LIZZIE B. RAY-
MOND JOHN W. RANSOMS. HAVES &
BANDY, BOGART & O'BRIEN. Reserved
seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs, and box
Beats, 50c. '■ .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
TO-NIGHT.
OUR GREATEST SUCCESS.
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Opera,
SHIP AHOY!
SONG. DANCE. HUMOR.
GRAND PATRIOTIC TABLEAUX.
NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
IROQUOiS CLUB NIGHT.
LOTS OF NO»'ELTIES.
Popular Prices --25c and 60a
No Telephone. .
ALCAZAR. PRIC I:i£ :
LAST THREE NIGHTS 'V-
FAMILY MATINEE TO-MORROW
ot the sensational comedy,
NIOBE!
Monday night Bronson Howard's drama.
YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP.
The running mate to "East Lynne."
;,,;...; • Seats by Phone Main 254.
NORRIS BROS.'
DOG AND/PONY SHOW!
FINEST SHOW ON EARTH . FOR LADIES
AND CHILDREN.
CENTRAL F* ARK.
Every Afternoon, / 2:30; nights, 8:15.
PRICES— Adults, 25c; children. 15c.
ON THEIR WAY TO THE PHILIPPINES
THE SOLDIER BOYS OF THE "GALLANT
X SEVENTH."
Were Caught by the Animatoscope and.May Be
Seen Every Afternoon and Evening at
THE CHUTES?
"VISIONS OF ART"— Great Ellwood,
the Male Melba; and many specialties.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.; Children Be'
Look out for the ELEPHANT TUG-OF- WAR!
THEKNEISEL QUARTETTE.
I THREE CONCERTS ONLY.
SHERMAN, CCAYV^HALLi;
MONDAY EVENING. May 16.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. MAY 18.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON. MAY, 21.
Prices $2 and $1 50.
Sale of seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, But-
ter and Kearny sts. - ■----'•
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S HALL.
' • LAST TIME.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM.
r Child Pianist and Composer.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON. May 14. at %. ,
Seats, at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s music store.
■ — ;
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 15, 2:30 P. M.
■ : TESTIMONIAL TO .
fritz SCHEEL, ;
60— San ■ Francisco ' Symphony Orchestra.— «o .
APOLLO CHORAL SOCIETY. H. B. PAS-
MORE, Director. ■■■"-.
• (150 Voices.)
■ BEETHOVEN'S NINTH SYMPHONY.
Prices . 75c. $1. $1 50. Seats at Sherman, Clay
& Co.'s music store. . :...-.. . _ ' . ; -
LANE LECTURES.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
■ Corner. Sacramento and Webster Streets.
THIS FRIDAY EVENING AT 8 O'CLOCK. .
DR. ALBERT ABRAMS.
'Subject: "WHAT THE X RAY HAS DONTB
FOR , MEDICINE IN THE PAST YEAR." ; Il-
lustrated. , .■ ".;:.. •.-. ■ ■ ■■;■:■•-
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat lower and quieter.
Other cereals inactive and unchanged.
Hay steady. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans firm at previous prices.
Linseed Oil higher.
Cement advanced.
Quicksilver doing better.
Luool marked up.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter steady. Cheese quiet.
Another Improvpment in Eggs.
Poultry very dull.
Cherries and Apricots slow.
Dried Fruits quiet.
Cured Meats very firm.
MONEY IN CIRCULATION.
The Treasury report for May shows the j
amount of American money coined and Issued j
at $2,424,148,473, of which $617,387,031 was in the
banks of the Government, and the remainder
In circulation as follows:
Gold coin *H-2? t S2
Silver dollars e>8.061.008
Email silver 2H??-f£ !
Gold certificates 30.901.999 :
b^ver certificates : 392.686,5.4
Treasury notes of 1890 99.588.970
United States notes 285,048,318
Currency certificates 26.915.000
National Bank notes 223,384.790 j
Total $1,806,761,442
'Came date in 1897 1,666.560,383 :
Increase 140,201,069
'' Calculation per capita, $24 33.
OURSELVES AND SPAIN.
The private circular of Henry Clews & Co.. '
the New York bankers, under date of May 7.
makes, the following comparison: "On Tues
day last the gold premium in Spain was 62 — !
to-*'- It Is ill. Spanish fours are now down to
30%, ' which puts them on a basis of 13 per
cent. Just prior to the Maine disaster they
sold at 62 1 -. United States fours to-day are 121. ■
ex-l .terest recently paid. The gold reserve In
the United States sub-treasury/ is $180,000,000.
as against no gold reserve .in the Spanish
treasury." ; ;
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during
the first four months of the year were 7616
flasks, against 5226 during the same time in
1897 The shipments by sea were 2288 flasks,
valued at $51,347, against 1717 flasks, at $60,357
last year.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath It. if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredth:- during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
a!r pressure; isotherms, Of dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high '
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
nlong the coast, and the isobars extend north j
and south along the coast, rain Is probable; j
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of |
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im- ;
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of i
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected I
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
CUOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, May 1? 6 p. m. j
Following are the maximum temperatures re
ported to-day from weathef bureau stations In ;
California:
Eureka, 54; Fresno 84; Los Angeles. 72; Red
E!u!T, 78: Independence. 80; San Diejco, 62;
Sacramento, 64; San Luis Obispo, <>2; Yuma, 96.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum temp- ,
erature. E2; minimum. 47; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of low preps'ire lies over the south
am portion of the Pacific Slope. Duiing the ;
past twenty-four hours the pressure has fallen
rapidly over Washington and Northern Oregon, !
and the low area central last night over East- '
crn California and Nevada now extends from
Arizona to Oregon.
The temperature hap fallen raptdly In th«
great valleys of California. Heavy fog prevails ,
over the coast of Northern California and In
part in the valley.
Sprinkles ot rain have fallen at San Fran- I
Cisco, Indrpendence and Salt Lake City.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per !
hour from the southwest Is reported at Sacra- '
memo.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours pniling midnight, May 13, 1S98:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
feather Friday, with light showers In the early
morning: heavy fog along the coast; fresh
southwesterly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy and unsettled
• r Friday, with heavy fog along the
northern coast ; fresh southwesterly winds
Nevada— Cloudy Friday.
Utah— Cloudy Friday.
. Arizona,— Cloudy Friday.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
settled weather Friday, with occa_:irn^l
sprinkle?: fr»>sh southwesterly winds; h«avy
fog In the morning.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at G p. m.— I>f-nsp fog; wind southwest, 12 iiiUwi
per houf; ttmperatur<\ 42; maximum. 45
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 12.— The natural reaction
from yesterday's buoyant tendency in Wall
street was supplement p<] to-day by some posi
tive elements of depression, and as a conse
quence prices generally ruled below yester
day's level all day. The speculative world ap
parently took a swious view of the affair at
Cardenas. In spite of all assurance that the
]os« incurred was trivia! from a military stand
point the shedding of the first American blood
had a c!f propping influence which no amount
of reasoning could destroy. There was also a
conviction that the Spanish Cape Verde fleet
had certainly returned to home waters. A re
action in Spanish 4's in London and Paris also
dissipated some of the Impression that the re
cent advance foreshadowed a move toward
peace by Spain. The absence of authoritative
reports from Admiral Samppon and his fleet
Induced some hesitation among dealers in
stocks. There was in addition a depressed mar
ket for Americans In London before the open-
Ing- here, and there was free selling of the in
ternational stocks for London account during
the early trading. It was not surprising, in
view of all these conditions, that some of the
recent buyers of stocks should have been In
clined to take profit, and that the bears should
be encouraged to attack the market. Cover-
Ing by shorts In the late dealings overcame a
portion of the losses, but net declines are a
point or over in many of the prominent stocks.
The bond market was less active than yes
terday. Total sales, $3,550,000.
United States new 4's advanced % and £he
old 4'b registered % in the bid price. Others
were unchanged.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 408,800
chares, including: Atchison preferred. 30,000;
C. and 0.. 3000; Burlington, 23,800; Erie pre
ferred. 4S00; Louisville and Nashville, 19,200;
Manhattan, 5100; Reading preferred, 5400; Mis
souri Pacific, 9400; New York Central, 6000;
North American, 4600; Northern Pacific, S788;
do preferred, 16.200; Rock Island, 42,900: Bt.
Paul, 43.900; Southern preferred, 6700; Union
Pacific, 35,500; U. P. D. and G., 18,500; Wabash
preferr«A. 46.500: American Tobacco, 28,100; Chi
cago Great Western, 9400; People's Gas, BSOO;
Consolidated Gas, 8400; General Electric,. 5400;
American Sugar, 45,400; T. C. and L, 4500.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12% I Do pref 160
Do pref 31% St P M & M 134
Baltimore & Ohio IS% So Pacific ........ 16%
Canada Pacific .. ,$3% |So Railway .\ 8%
Canada Southern. 51 i Do pref ....30
Central Pacific ... 12% i Texas & Pacific. . 11
Ones & Ohio 21% i Union Pacific .... 08%
Chi & A1t0n....... 159% U P D & G...... 8%
Chi B & Q 100 Wabash 7% j
Chi & E 111 50 Do pref 19%
CC C & St L.... 31% Wheel & L E..... 2%
Do pref SO Do. pref 12%
Del & Hudson 11l Express Companies-
Del L & W 152 Adams Ex 101
Den &R G 11 American Ex 125
Do pref 46% United States .... 40
Erie (new) 13% I Wells Fargo 115 .
Do Ist pref 35% I Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne ....... 167 A Cot Oil 21% ■■
Gt Nor pref 161 ! Do pref ........ 77 |
Hocking Valley .. 6% Amn Spirits ...:. 12%
Illinois Central... 104 Do pref 25% ,
Lake Erie & W... 15% Am Tobacco 112% ■
Do pref 71% Do pref 118 |
LaKe Shore ISB People's Gas 98% i
Louis & Nash.... 54% Cons Gas 191
Manhattan L .... 102 Com Cable C 0.... 160 !
Met St Ry 148% Col F & 1r0n.... 22%
Mich Cent 103 Do pref 90
Minn & St L.... 26% Gen Electric 36% '
- Do Ist pref 84 Illinois Steel 50 (
Mo Pacific 33% Laclede Gas 46%
Mobile & 0hi0... 28 Lead 32% i
Mo K& T 11 Do pref 105 ;
Do pref 36 Nat Lin Oil 17% j
Chi Ind & L.... 8% Or Imp Co 2P j
Do pref 27 Pacific Mall ..... 25%
N J Central 94 Pullman Pal 180
N T Central .... 115% Silver Cert 57
N T Chi & S L... 12% Stand R & T..... 5
Do Ist pref .... 65 Sugar 132% ;
Do 2d pref .... 32% Do pref 112 ;
Nor West ........ 13% T C & Iron 25%
No Amer Co 6 - US Leather 7
No Pacific '. 26% Do pref 63%
Do pref 66 US Rubber 19
Ontario & W 15 Do pref 71
Or R & Nay 50 West Union 89%
Or Short Line ... 30 C & N W 124%
Pittsburg ....167 Do pref 170
Reading 18% St L & S W 4%
Do Ist pref .... 44% Do pref 11
Rock Island 99% R G W.... 24%
St L & S F 7 Do pref 58%
Do Ist pref .... 59% Chi G W 14%
Do 2d pref .... 28 OR & N 50%
St Paul 96% U P Common .... 23% j
Do pref 144% Haw Com Co 19
St P & Om 75%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122% N Carolina 65.... 122
Do coup 122 7 i Do 4s 102
D S 4s 108% No Par lsts 115%
Do coup 109% Do Ss 60
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 94%
U S 59 reg 110% N V C & S L 4s. 104
Do 58 coup 11l Nor &W 63 117
District 3.65s 113 Nortnwstrn cons. 138
Ala class A .. 100 Do deb us 116
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 113%
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 95
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 124
Atchison 4s 90% OS Line 5s tr.... 102
Do adj 4s 63% O Imp lsts tr.... 110
Can So 2ds ....... 107% Do 5a tr 59
Chi Term 4s 53% : Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C & Ohio 5s 113 - Reading 4s 83%
C H & D 4%s 104% R G W lsts 52%
D& R G lsts 105 BL.& IM C 55.. 92%
D & R G 4s 91%1S L & S F G 65... 116%
East Term lsts.. 106 St P Con 141
Erie Gen 4s 71% St P C & P lsts.. 11G%
F W & D lsts tr. 71 Do 5s 115%
Gen Elec as 102 So Railway 55.... 91%
G H & S A 65.... 102% Stand X & T 65... 63
Do 2ds 106 Term new set 35.. S6 |
H&T Css 110 T&P L G lsts... 103 i
Do con 6s 105 Do Rs 3d? 33% i
lowa C lsts 99 UPD & G lsts... 57% :
La new cons 45.. 98% Wab Ist 5s 106% ,
L& N Unl 45.... SB% Do 2ds 82% j
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 10S
M X & T 2ds 62% Va Centuries ... 6834
Do 4S4 S 89 I Do deferred ... 5 !
N V Central lsts.. 117% I U P pref 68%
XJC 53 112. !U! U P4s 93% i
MINING STOCKS.
ChoUar 20|Ontario 2 50 j
Crown Point 10 Ophir 40 i
Con Cal & Va.... 60 1 Plymouth OS |
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 20 Do pref 200 '
Hale & NorcroßS. "80 Sierra Nevada ... 3o :
Homestake 40 00 Standard 150 ;
Iron Silver 45 Union Con Oo |
Mexican 09 ! yellow Jacket 20 ;
BOSTON.
BOSTON. May 12.— Atchiaon, 12H: Bell Tele
phone 262: Burlington, 99%; Mexican Central,
5- Oregon Short Line. SO; San Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 12.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram say?: The stock
markets here were fairly good to-day, but less
active and confident. The settlement has been
satisfactorily concluded. Americans were sold
for good offers, but New York appears to ab
sorb all the stock offered.
Spain Is buying:, however, hence the rise. I
understand that the Bank of Paris, which ad
vanced the money for the Spanish July cou
pons, is financing the silver operation. I must
emphasize yesterday's dispatch about the view
of bankers "here relative to the French political
situation in Wept Africa.
The firmness of the London money market is
due to the caution of lenders, in view of the
inquiry for money In connection with th-:- lart*e
borrowings at the Bank of Berlin.
The firmness of silver to-day was due to the
report that a French agency has placed larije
orders in disguise for Spanish account. Silver
advanced 5-16 d to-day. The closing price yes
terday was 28Mid.
CLOSE.
1 Canadian Pacific, S6H; Grand Trunk. 8%: har
! silver steady, 26 7-16 d per ounce; money, 8®3%
I per cent.
Spanish 4's closed at 34. a net loss of %.
i PARIS. May 12.— Spanish 4's closed at 34 1-16,
j a net loss of 11-16.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,778; exports, 29,800. Lower to sell on spring
brands: the break in wheat checked demand.
WHEAT— Receipts, 164,650: exports, 257,255. '
S-'pot weak; No. 2 red, $1 63 asked f. o. b. afloat
to arrive. Options opened firmer on bu'll?h
cables, but through July liquidation, fine crop
news, absence of j export Inquiry and foreign
selling developed pronounced weakness. There
was little recovery all day, and the final prices
were 14c off for May, 3c on July and 9t@lHc on
late months. No. 2 red May. $1 68@1 77. closed
$.1 63; July. $1 16@1 22, closed $1 17%. ':
HOPS— Steady. :- v::.
WOOL— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
METALS— A much better feeling was noted
in several departments of the metal market to
day, and quotations in some instances were
higher. The Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, quiet, but steady at
the close, with $6 65 bid; $6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $12 bid
and $12 10 asked.
TlM— Ouiet, quoted $14 50.
SPELTER— Firmer. $4 15 bid, $4 25 asked.
LEAD— Firmer. $3 68 bid. $3 674 asked. Lead.,
Is still quoted at $3 50 by the firm fixing the
settling price for Western miners and smelt
ers. ■
COFFEE — Options opened steady at unchang
ed prices, closed steady, unchanged to 5 points
net lower. Sales, 10.000 bags, including: May.
$5 95: July, $5 80. Spot coffee— Rio, quiet and
steady; No. 7 invoice, . 6%c ; No. 7, Jobbing.
TV.--- "mild, steady: Cordova. *Vf7isV4e. .
SUGAR— Raw, firm, held higher: fair refin
ing. 3%c; centrifugal 96 test, 4 3-16 c. Refined,
firm. ■
BUTTER — 3200 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 14%@17c; Elglns, 17c; fac
tory. 13@14%c. '
EGGS— Receipts. • 8400 . packages, i] Steady;
Western, 10% c; Southern, 10c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May 12.— California. Dried
Fruits: Apples, strong: other fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. ; 6<?ißUc;
prime wire tray, »c; wood dried prime, 9@9V4c;
choice. 9@9^c; fancy. 9%@10c. .
PRUNES— 4@B%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8@10c: Moorpark, lC@l2c.
PEACHES— 7@Bc; peeled, 12@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 12.— Cable advices from
Liverpool available at the opening in the wheat
pit were encouraging to the bulls. Near
futures in the English market showed only a
trifling decline and advances of lV^d in dis
tant futures. In spite of the 4 cent decline here
yesterday. On this news first trades in July
here were at $1 \Z<Q\ 12%, an Improvement of
IViftic. Continental cables and fine growing
weather at the Southwest, combined with a
, continuation of heavy primary receipts, created
i a bearish feeling among the few who ventured
I Into the pit. These bearish features of the
i situation which were lost sight of In the re
i cent excitement supplied the bears with the
ecu: age to oppose the opening upward trend
of prices. The strong party that had for two
or three weelcs played on the fears of the
shorts so adroitly had evidently made their
turn and were well satisfied In leaving the
i market to the "tailers." July shortly after
touching $1 11 and rushing up to $1 12Vi, eased
| off. July declined steadily after the first hour
j to $1 07Ht which was the prevailing price at 12
! o'clock. Then the nervousness of shorts was
clearly illustrated. News of the destruction of
an Ai.mcur elevator by fire caused the bears
to rush July up to *1 10 in their efforts at
covering. M hen it became known that only
lOfl.ooo bushels of wheat was destroyed, the
market Mumped again to $1 08, with %i 08',, the
prevailing quotation at the close. May was
dull and neglected throughout. It opened 14c
lower at $1 65, rallied to $i 70, declined to $1 60,
and closed with sellers $1 65. a net loss of 14c.
September opened % to u,c higher at 92rgi92Vfe<\
advanced to 92\c, broke to 90>4c, closing at
WHc, a net loss of l%c.
Trade In corn was active, opening with an
Improvement of %@%c for July. Liverpool
quoted July Id higher for the day. July
reached 37Hc, declined to 36% con realizing and
closed at 36Vtc M@h*c net lower.
Oatß trade wa,s small, fluctuations following
corn closely, July closing *4c net lower.
A heavy trade was done In provisions. A
further respectable addition was made to their
value. The only sellers were those who de
sired to realise. Closing quotations were a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 13, 1898.
trifle under the best, but showed the following
advances in July futures: Pork, - 22% c, , lard.
; The leading ' futures ranged as follow:
Articles— " Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2- K\l7o:wK \ l7o:w ■, 65
May ............ Ills 112% 10*7% 108%
September":::::::: 92%* m. w% 90%
December 87% 87% 84 86%
Corn, No. 2— „, ,„
May 86% 87 36 36
September"::::::::: 37% 87% 36% 36%
leptember ■:::::.:.: 35% *& 36% 37%
May- t! : > ..?! 0 T.....' 31% 31% 31% 31%
j,,7 y .... 27% 27% 27% 27%
i^ptembeV ■:::::::.: 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per bbl—  oii
■\f;, v 11 sT'7a
July :::::::::::::.. .12 05 1220 1190 1210
Lard, per 100 lbs— 665 660 / 6 62%
May 6 65 6 6o 6 60 6 62%
July.... 6 62% 6 72% 6 62% 665
September ......... 675 680 6 62% 6<o
Short Ribs, pe- 100 lbs— ; .
May ........615 625 6 12% 620
July 615 630 610 8 2,%
September 625 6 37% 6 17% ,6 35
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
demand moderate, steady; No. 2 ■ «P« n ß
Wheat. $1 20. nominal No. 3 spring heat,
$1 OS. -Si 40; No. 2 red. $1 61; No. 2 Corn, 3G%c;
No. 2 Oats. 31%e; No. 2 white. 34@35c; No. 3
white. 33@34c; No. 2 Rye. 70©70% c; No. 2 Bar
ley. 43@50c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 37%@1 3S; Prime
Timothy Seed, -$2 80; Mess Pork, per barrel,
$11 95012; Lard, per 100 pounds, $6 60®6 Go;
Short " Rib Sides, loose, $fi@6 40: Dry Salted
Shoulders, boxed, 4%^5c; Short Clear Sides,
boxed, 6%@7c; Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 23. -;
Articles— '■ . Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, barrels 14.000 ''922
Wheat, bushels .214,000 384.000
Corn, bushels 583,000 1 - 260 /°°°
Oats bushels .:442.000 269.000
Rye, bushels 7.000 1.000
Barley, bushels ■■ 27.000 _fcooo
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 13<3>16c; dairies,
12@14c. Eggs, weak; fresh, IOC Cheese, dull
and unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 204,480 112,189
Duluth 126.687 ■•.•■■.
Milwaukee 33.150 .J.-M.
Chicago 214.44S 386.729
Toledo 74.534 14.000
St. Louis 52.000 11.000
Detroit....: 20.347 ~ 11.358
Kansas City 47.000 37.&00
Totals ..772.646 679.926
Tidewater —
Boston lli'iii
New T«rfc"'.!"IIII!I.'I"!III"l«,*«« 237! 225
Philadelphia 5,223 4.301
Baltimore 54.731 96.000
New Orleans :
Galveston
Totals 224.618 357,526
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. Dec
Opening- 67 40 56 25
Closing 67 10 66 00
Flour —
Opening 3170 25 65
Closing .......3150 25 60
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 11% 3% 74%
Closing 11 4% 11% 83% 74%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
! CHICAGO, May CATTLE— Were in rood
| demand to-day and desirable stocks sold B@loc
i higher. Native steers, $3 90®5 25, mainly $3 45'3>
; 3 75; stockers and feeders, $3 90©4 85; cows and
| heifers, S3 7694 50; calves, . $4«6 50.
HOGS— Trade in hogs was active and 15@25c
! advance. Sales, $4 10@4 66; choice, *4 25 (M 45;
' pigs, $3 50<g~4 20; choice heavies and medium
! weights showed the beet advance prime lots
i bringing $4 40, against $4 IS yesterday.
SHEEP— Were fairly active and prices a
i trifle easier. Sheep, .*:s 25@4 25. mostly $4@4 25;
clipped lambs, $3 50@4 75; wooled, $54j>5 25;
! spring lambs, $7 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 7500; hogs, 26,000; sheep, 16,
000. .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, May 12.— CATTLE— Receipts.
5000. Market active, steady to a shade higher.
Bulk, H 40@4 60; good heavy, $4 60@4 70; light
$4 2004 50; Western steers. MM 55; natlvt
cows, f3fj>4: native heifers, $3 So@4 60; , stockers
and feeders. $4@5 65.
Receipts, 16,. Market opened s@loc
higher, closed 35#40c higher. Heavies, $4 So@
4 50: mixed. %4 10© 4 35; light, $3 95@4 25; york
ers, $4 15@4 20.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market active and
strong. Colorado wool lambs. $5 10^5 25: clip
ped lambs, $4 40^4 60; native wool lambs, $4.85
<g>6; clipped, $1 4O<§4 50; muttons, $4 15@4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. May 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 900.
Market s@loc higher. Native beef steers, $3 90
[©4 SO; Western steers. $3 75@4 60; cows and
heifers, $3 25®4 15; stockers and feeders, $3 90@
I 4 80; bulls and stags. $2 50@3 80. :
HOGS— Receipts, 0600. Market s#loc higher.
Heavy. $4 1004 30: mixed. $4 15@4 20; light.
! $4 05@4 20; bulk of sales. $4 1504 23.
SHEEP— Receipts. WOO. Market steady. Fair
1 to choice natives, $3 70<s?4 30; do Western. $3 60
1 <8 1 20; common and stock sheep, $3@4; lambs,
i *& 5 30.
DENVER.
DENVER, May 12.— CATTLE— Receipts, 100.
Market steady. Beef steers. $3 &o@4 40; cows,
$3@3 SO; feeders, freight paid to river. $4/i¥» 20; '
stockers do, $4t?4 60; bulls and stags, $2.:;
HOGS— Receipts, 500. Market firm, 25c higher.
Light packers, $4 15<g>4 20; mixed, $4 10@4 15; j
heavy, $4*54 20. , • . ■- •'
SHEEP— Receipts, 400. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, $3@4 25; lambs, $4 40®5 20.
BALE OF CALIFORNIA FRUIT.
CHICAGO, May 12.— Earl Fruit Company
sold California Cherries at auction to-day, real
izing the following prices: Black Tartarian,
50c@$l 55: Purple Gulgne. 55i5?90c; Advance, 85c
<gsl; Gov rnor Wood, 40c@$i 50. Gross sale,
2185 boxes, $2233. ■
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 12.— The attendance at the
wool auction sales to-day was good. The of
ferings numbered 11,660 bales and withdrawals
were heavy. American representatives made
a few purchases to-day. Following are the
sales in detail:
New South Wales, 112 bales; scoured, 9d@
Is 6d: greasy, 5*4@9%d.
Queensland, 900 bales; scoured, 10%d@ls 4M>d;
greasy. 6@9Hd.
Victoria, &n bales; . scoured, 10V4d@ls 2d;
greasy, 4V«d@ls.
Tasmania, 1700 bales; scoured, 7V4d@ls;
greasy, 7d@ls l%d. . ■
New Zealand. 3000 bales; scoured. 6%d@ls sd;
greasy, 5%@10d. ,
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 1000 bales;
scoured. 6Vid<{i:ls %d ; greasy, 5%@6',4<J.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 12.— Consols. 111H; Silver,
26 7-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 85c.
LIVERPOOL. May 12.— Wheat, firm; cargoes
Walla Walla Wheat, 545; cargoes off coast,
very strong; cargoes on passage, nominal, un
changed; English country markets, firm;
French country markets, firm; Wheat In
Paris steady; Flour In Paris, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands; 3 9-16 d.
CLOSE.
CORN— May, steady, 3a ll^d; July, steady,
3511% d; September, steady, 3s 11-\d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; May lls BV4d;
July, lls 3%d. . - v
NORTHERN WHEAT : MARKET.
PORTLAND, J Or., May 12.— Walla - : Walla
wheat when buyers could be found was quoted
at 95@96c to-day, and few . wanted Valley at
i more than 97c, with blue stem easy at about
I 99c. •'■ ; [i ;., .'•-. ■ '
Flour was advanced 10c per barrel to-day.
i The steamship Mogul cleared to-day for Hong
! Kong with 5000 tons of cargo, including 45,345
I barrels flour, the largest single shipment ever
i made from the Pacific Coast to the Orient.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., May 12.— Wheat unchanged.
Blue stem, $1 10; club. $106. Prices based on
Eastern quotations. Exporters will not pay
these prices and there are no sales for export.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, May 12.— COTTON— Steady;
middling, 5 11-16 c. ■
NEW YORK, May 12.— Steady;
middling, 6 3-lGc. __ - ■■'■■■■ ■
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— T0-day's Treasury
statement: shows: Available L cash balance,
$1*9,981,096; : gold reserve, $179,076,841.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., May 12.— Exchanges, $295,
939;: balances. $39,124. ,
I ♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — *4 81%
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 485
Sterling Cables — 4 85 "A
New York Exchange, sight — 7Vfc
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver, per ounce — 57
Mexican Dollars — 46*4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Continued to quiet down, with
lower prices at Chicago and less demand for
stock abroad. Quotations here shaded In sym
pathy with the other markets.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 77%@1 80; milling, $1 85
@1 90 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, $1 74H; 10,000, $1 74%; SOOO, II 74%.
Second session— December— 4ooo ctla, $1 74%;
2000 1174U; 2000, $1 73%; 18,000, »1 73%; 4000,
$1 74.
Regular mornln* session — December— lo,ooo
ctls, $1 73%; 14.000. $1 73%; 6000, $1 73%; 2000,
$1 73% ; 2000, $1 73%. ennn 
Afternoon session — December — 60U0 ctm,
$1 72%; 40,000. $1 73; 18,000. $1 72%.
BARLEY— The market is quiet at unchanged
quotations.
Feed, $1 32%@1 35; Brewing. $1 40.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December- 2000 ctls. IJSI.
Regular morning session— December— JOOO ctls.
$131%; 4000, $132%; 4000. $132%; 20.000, $132.
May-2000. $1 35; 2000, •$1 85%; 2000, $1 35%.
Afternoon session— December— 6ooo ctls, ?1 81%.
OATS— There Is nothing new.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
\ choice. $1 860140; common. $1 30® 1 33% .Sur
prise, $1 45@1 50; gray, $182%@137%; milling,
$1 8601 42% per ctl. , „
CORN— Previous prices are quoted for all
j descriptions.
Small round yellow $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low $1 07%@l 10: white. $1 07%@l 10 per Ctl.
HYE-J1 37%^ 1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75&1 86 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $6@6 10; Bakers' Ex
tras, $5 75@5 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs- Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6: Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4: Oat Groats $4 25;
Hominy. $3 25(5 3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 2o;
Cracked Wheat., $3 75' Farina. $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25- Rolled Oats (barrels), $o 80
<fs'6 2O; In sacks, $3 60^6- Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of outside Hay continue to fall off
and the market is steady in consequence.
More new Wheat sold at $20. New Oat sold at
$16. Straw is weaker.
Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— S2O 80<f 21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23 50@25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Jobbing,
$32<§32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24^25; Cottonseed
Meal. $28^30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Crack
ed Corn, $25.
Hay— (Ex-car In round lots)-%Vheat, $21 <f
24 50; Wheat and Oat, 520!??23 50; Oat. SIS^O;
Barley, none; compressed Wheat, $21@24; com
pressed Oat, $lS'i?2o; Alfalfa, $13@14; Clover,
nominal: Timothy, $16f?lS.
STRAW— 7sc<3sl 05 per hale.
BEANS ANO SEEDS.
Benns are firm and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 901?3; Small Whites, $2 05
@2 15: Large Whites, $2-32 05; Pinks, $2 65@
2 75; Reds, $2 75(f2 85: Blackeye, $3 50; Butters,
$1 65 -I 75; Limas. $3 15: Pea, $2@2 15; Red Kid
neys, J2 6"'g'2 75 per clt.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25@2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 16@3 25; Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%@2%c per ft; Alfalfa. S<i?6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, £@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles String Beans, 6@Bc per rt>;
Green Peppers, 15c; Tomatoes, $1 25@1 50 per
box.
There was no particular change In anything,
the demand and supply being about equal.
POTATOES— River Reds, 40<g'50c; River Bur
banks, 50066 c per sack; Oregon Burbanks. 50<3>
90c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50<g65c per sack; new
; Potatoes, l@2c per It).
ONlONS— Australian, jobbing at $3 50@<: new,
65@S0c per ctl. „, .
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 634 boxes As
paragus, 422 boxes Rhubarb and 641 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for extra large, $1 50@l 75 per
, box for No. 1, 65c@$l 25 for small; Rhubarb. '
40@60c per box for small to good and 65®75c
for extra choice; Green Peas, Sl-Sl 50 per sack; :
Garden Peas, 2%@3c per lb; String Beans, 6<3>
8c; Horse Beans, 16050 c per sack; Summer <
Squash. 12Hc per lb: Dried Peppers, 6@7c
per lb;. Dried Okra, 12Hc; Cabbage. 65@750
per ctl; Carrots, 80®50c per sack;. Cucumbers,
25c@fl per dozen: Mexican Tomatoes, 11 25@
1 7.". per box: new Garlic. 6(ffißc per It».
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
tbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated raw,
13c; Onions. COc; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern came In and sales
were made at $55(?5 50 for Hens, {4 75 for old
Roosters and %C, for Fryers.
There was little change In local stock, but '
Hens and old Roosters were In excessive supply !
and very weak.
POULTRY— Turkeys, ll@l2c for Gob
blers and ll@l2c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
Jl<f?l 25: Goslings, $1 2501 75; Ducks. $354 for ;
old and $3 50@5 50 for young; Hens, $3@3 50;
Roosters, young. $7 50®9; Roosters, old. {3 50®
3 75; Fryers, $<M? 7: Broilers, $4 5005 50 for large, ;
$2 60@4 for small; Pigeons. $1 6001 75 per dozen i
for young and $1 25@1 CO for old. '
GAME— Nominal. ___ •• - -
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was no . further change In Butter.
Cheese was easy,. and In large supply. Eggs
moved up again slightly.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 21c; seconds,
20c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18(g'20c; common
grades, 16@l"Hc per Ib.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 161$
16Vic; ladle- packed, 15@16c per Ib; Eastern •
Elgin tub. IK^:-V.
CHEESE— mild new, 9@9Hc; common l
to good, l^fifi^c: Cream Cheddar, lO^llc;
Young America. 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern. 12'"- i'\V*.c per Tt>.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 13!f?14^c per dozen;
store Eggs, 12#13c; Duck Eggs. 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries were weak and dull. Apricots were
slow of sale, being small and poor. Goose
berries were weaker.
I OrangßS are dull and weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were SS6 chests of Strawberries and
i 611 boxes of Cherries. .
- Strawberries, $2 50@3 per chest for large
and {2 50*84 for small berries In baskets, and
: $4<fi4 50 for loose. : -,- .
White Cherries, 20@60c per box; red, 35<§50c;
i black, 65c@$l.
Apricots, 65c^$l per box and $1 76@2 per
crate.
Gooseberries, 2H<7f4e per It).
Blackberries, none in.
Apples, 40@60c per box for common, 75c@$l
! for -rood to choice and $1 25(31 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25@2;
! Seedlings, 40c<5$l; Lemons, Coc@sl for common
; and $1 255J2 25 for good to choice; Mexican
i Limes, $3 50 * 4 50; California Limes, In small
I boxes, 40©50 c; Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. . ;■..•• \;
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The market continues quiet.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prune* carload lots, 4%@
Be for 40-50' s, 4'4i(f4 1 4c for 50-60" s, 3%(§4c for
CO-70s , BU«*3ttc for 70-80' s. 2%@3c for 80-90' s, 2\L
@-2\ie for 90-10O's; Peaches, 3®sc; fancy, 5H®
6c; peeled, 10j}12%e; Apricots, s@6Vsc for Roy
als and TOBc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, Aio7e; sun-dried, 4@sc;
Black Figs In sacks, 2<g2Vic; Plums, 4>*@4%c
for pitted and iVtffltyc for unpltted; bleached
Plums, ;>jr.v 4 . , .Nectarines, ifyjc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2i*.iS4V4c for quarters and 3@5}40
for halves, accuMlng to color, etc.
RAISINS— iv<i 2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3\br. for four-crown, 4^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2S^e for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for Lon.lon layers; dripd Grapes, 2Vfco.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
Walnuts, B©4c for hardshell and 4<f?6c for soft
shell ; Almonds, 3@4e for hardshell, 6fg 7c for
softshell, BV>®9c for paper-ahell; Peanuts, 4®
5%c for Sastern and 4Vfcc for California; Pe
cans, (%GBc; Filberts, 8%<310c: Brazil Nuts,
gig 9c per lb; Cocoaxrats, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9<3>loc for bright and 6<g)7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5%®
6c; light amber i-xtracted, 4%65Vic per lt>.
BEESWAX— 24i@ 26c per lb._
PROVISIONS.
The advance In Cured Meats la Chicago has
raised them from 14c to lc above this market,
but prices here show no further change. The
feeling Is very firm however.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, Bl£@9c per lb for
heavy, 9^c for light medium, 10>£c for light,
lie for extra lignt and 12c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, 10%(3>Uc; Califor
nia Hams, lUGlOc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl ;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $1^; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17(^17 50; mess, Jls; Smokeu Beef, 12@12^c per
lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 7>>£c for pure; palls, SVic;
California, tie jes, SfgiC^c per lb for compound
and TfflVtC for pure- half barrels, "V4c; 10-lb
tins, 7V t c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@6%c; packages,
less than -300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 in a case. B T 4c;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case, B%c; 10-lb pails, 6 in a care, SHe; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%0; naif
barrels, about 110 lbs, ~%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands st4l
about lc under the quotations. Heavy sanci
steers, 10c; medium, B%@9c; light, BHc; Co'»
nides, BVi<gflc; Stags, sc; salted Kip. !«c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, ISOlto; culls and brands, 12@
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16<ifl«H4c; dry Calf,
18@19c; culls, 16<(U7c; Goatskins, 30®37^c ea^h;
Klis, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 2."ift3oc
per lb; medium, 20c- winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20fj25c each; short wool, 40^60c
each; medium, 60@80c; long wool, 90c(. ■! 20
each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3rg3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2<- 2<^c; refined 4^<a>4%- ' Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin. defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
11 f 'lSc.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@12»4c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are very firm at the advance. ,
- Wholesale j rates '■"■ for ';'• dressed ■■• stock from
slaughterers are as follows: '
s BEEF- First quality, " 6c; * second quality,
B^c; third ' quality, 4@scper Ib. -'-".' !
VEAL— 4©sc: small, ; .6@6c per lb. ■*• ■'■
MUTTON— Wethere. 8c; Ewes, 7@7>4c per. lb.
■ LAMB— Spring, per lb.:,rv --
POttK— JUve Hogs. l%c for large and 4@4V40
for medium; stock Hogs,2@2%c; dressed Hogs,
BH@6%c.
. '■- GENERAL MERCHANDISE. . .',
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
t»ags, nominal ; San Quentin. $5 30.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6 ; Bryant. $6 ; Coos ' Bay, $5 ; : Wallsend, $7 50;
Cumberland, *10 25 In bulk and $11 60 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. 14 ; Can* l 1 .' * 10
per ton; Rock Springs. Castle Gate and l^eas
ant Valley. $9; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and
$14 in sacks. '.- • '..-.»
LUCOL— higher at 46c for raw and 48c for
boiled In barrels; cases, 5c more. ',
CEMENT— Is higher at $3 25@3 50 per barrel.
QUICKSILVER— Export lots are • higher, at
$36 50<a37 DO per flask. ,
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 54c for raw ana
56c for boiled in barrels; cases. 5c more. -;
: SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: ' Cube, Crusnea
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, 6^c;^pry
Granulated, 5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A. 5Hc: Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 6%c :
Candy Granulated. 6c; California A, 5%c per
Ib; half barrels hie more than barrels, and
boxes He more. ; .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. , May 12.
Flour, qr sks ... 11.812 Shorts, sks «80
Barley, ctls ..... 2.085 Wool, balea ..... 13
Rye, ctls ....... 2.055 Straw, tons ■■ f5
Tallow, ctls ..... 72 Eggs, doz 15.960
Butter, ctls ..... 294 1 Lumber, ft ...... 20,000
Cheese, ctls ..... 221 Quicksilver, flsk. n lj.o
Bean 3, sks 29 Pelts, bdls 2,b77
Potatoes, sks ... 1.344 Wine, gals 36,400
Onions, . sks 650 Leather, rolls ... 40
Bran, sks Hides, no ' ■ ■ 34»
Middlings, ska .. 195|Lime, bbls 201
■.■-^'•i--* OREGON..
Flour, qr ska ... 620 Hay, tons ■ 50
Wheat, ctU ..... 2.800 Bran, sks 1.715
Oats. c«b 1,200 Shorts, sks ..... BSO
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls .....13.4701 Bran, ska ....... 510
Barley, ctls 1,375, Screenings, sk«.. 1.365
■iV.r.<v- EASTERN.
Corn, otl« ..1,2001... • •
UTAH.
Hay, tons ....... 40
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a sharp break tn mining stocks,
as will be seen by the list of sales.
In local securities Hawaiian Commercial
dropped to $15 C 2%, but subsequently recovered
some of the ground lost.
The California-street Cable Company paid a
j dividend of 50c per share Wednesday.
The Alaska Packers' Association paid a dlvt
i dend of 75c per share yesterday.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share on the 16th lnst.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone Companies
will pay the usual monthly dividends on the
16th inst.
At the annual meeting of the Maryland Con
solidated Mining Company of Grass Valley the
j following directors were elected for 189S-99: S.
! P. Dorsey, L. V. Dorsey, S. J. Alderman, E.
M. Taylor and Theodore C. Dorsey. The board
appointed S. P. Dorsey president and superin
, tendent and L. V. Dorsey secretary and treas-
urer.
The Gould & Curry. Best & Belcher, Savage
and Consolidated California and Virginia min
ing companies have put a small force of men
at work on the Sutro tunnel level of the Bruns
wick lode to reopen the north drift run along
the lode twenty years ago, when the Bruns
wick was cut at a depth of 1340 feet below the
surface. The force of miners now employed
will be materially increased when the north
drift is cleaned out to the face and Its exten
sion is resumed. The original drift has a
length of about 200 feet north of the tunnel
line.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 13— 2 p. m
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 11 ' mj
4s quar coup. .109^§l 10H Oakland Gas.. 47U 50
4s quar reg. . .10S\W9v> I'ao Gas Imp.. 864 88
4s quar new. . .122T4123 Pac L Co 49 51
Miscellaneous — SFO & E 89 89U.
Cal-st Cab 55.114V4116 San Fran zy. _
Cal El 6s 125 — Stock Gas 12 —
C C Wat 55... 99 101 Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — 98Vi F"lrem's Fund. lß7% —
E L & P 63..12614 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. .117 — Anglo-Cal .... — 64
Goary-st R ss. — 98 Bank of Ca1.. 242% —
HC & S 5V48..100 106 Cal S D&T. 85 92Vi
L A LCo 6s. — 100 First Xat ....200 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Lon P& A 130 —
Market-st 65.. — 126 Mer Exchange 10 15
Do Ist M 55.. 112^114 Nev Nat 8...150 157>A
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97V4 Savings Banks—
NCNg Ry 75. 103 — Ger 8 & L..1500 1650
NRy Cal 65.. 106 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Hy cal r>5.. 10014 — Mutual Say. — 4214
XPC R R 65. 10014 — S F Say L\. — 500
NPC R R ss. 100 — S& L 50.... — IQO
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Security SB. 250 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 10S Union T Co. 950 —
Om Ry 6b 123 V.126 Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 110 — California ....108 110
P&CI Ry 6b. .107 — Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..116 — Market-st .... 51% 52
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio 6Vs 7H
SacElec Ry ss. 100 — Powder—
S F A N P sk. 106 107 California ....115 150
SierraßCal 65.101H103 E Dynamite... S5 —
S P of Ar 65.. 103 103<4 Glnnt Con Co. 43H 44
S P Cal 65... — 113 Vigorlt 3% 3%
RPC Is eg 55.. — 96 Miscellaneous—
S P Br 6s 10?VilO93i; Al Pac Assn.. 93 93H
S V Wat 65... 116 — Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... — 116H Hana P C 0... 10 11^4
S V Wat 45...101%102 H C & S Co.. 1634 17
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 49% 50H
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. !>0 —
Contra Costa. . 50% 53^ Xat Yin C 0 . .. — 6H
Marln Co .... 60 — Oceanic S Co. 51H 62%
Spring Valley. 99^100 Pac A F L.. 1". 3
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C0...100V4101
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
70 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 15 6214
6 do do 15 75
95 Hutchinson S P Co 50 00
10 do do 43 75
25 Oakland Gas 47 50
100 Spring Valley Water 100 00
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 116 25
$2000 S P of A Bonds 103 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 93 25
10 Giant Powder Con 43 50
300 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 17 00
280 do do 16 50
70 do do 16 37M,
50 do do 16 62^
10 Hutchinson S P Co 50 00
100 do do 49 75
10 Mutual Electric Light 1150
20 Pacific Gas Imp 87 00
$5000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 107 00
Street—
$4000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 116 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
25 Giant Powder 44 00
25 Spring Valley Water, 8 10 100 25
75 Contra Costa Water 5100
100 Hawaiian C & S Co, s 10 16 75
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 62 1214
Afternoon Session.
20 Giant Powder 43 75
40 Oakland Gas L & H Co 47 50
$2000 Spring Valley Water Us 116 12%
$2000 S P R R of Arizona 103 37Vj
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
900 Best & Belcher. 30 250 Mexican 09
800 Con Cal & Va.. 60 700 Savage 14
150 Crown Point ... 11 100 Sierra Nevada.. 61
Afternoon Serslon.
200 Belcher 09 1 300 Gould & Curry.. 2C
300 Best & Belcher. 2S 200 Mexican OS
200 Challenge 11 100 Sierra Nevada.. 59
400 Chollar '. 20 600 Union Con 09
250 Con Cal & Va.. 60 300 Yellow Jacket... 24
200 Crown Point ... 10 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning; Session.
800 Alpha ........... 03 1 500 Mexican 09
300 Alta .16 200 Ophlr 40
700 Belcher 09 80......: ............ 38
500 Best & Belcher. 29 500 Potosl ...22
500 Challenge ....... 10 400 -21
200 Con Cal & Va.. 60 250 Savage 15
400 Crown Point ... 11 600 Sierra . Nevada. 60
400 Gould & Curry.. 23 200 Union Con .. 11
300 Hale & Norcrs. 83 500 Utah ....;:.....;: 06
100 ...... 84 300 Yellow Jacket... 23
100 .........;... 82 ;• . , '. V-;.'"
Afternoon Session. ;
500 Andes ...* 09 200 ...... ............ 09
300 Belcher- ..........09 300 Potosl .." 2i
100 Best & Belcher. 28 400 Savage .......... 13
200 Caledonia ....... 16 350 Sierra Nevada.. 59
200 Chollar .... •• 20 200 .............. ..^. 60
300 Con Cal & Va.. 59 400 Union Con .:.:.. 09
100 Crown Point ... 10 200 Utah .........;.. 07
500 Oould & Curry.. 21 750 Yellow Jacket... 24
300 Mexican ........ 08
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha .......... 02 03 Julia — 02
Alta ............ 16 18 Justice ..;. 08 10
Andes .......... 09 .10 Kentuck ........ — 02
Benton Con .... — 15 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher ....."... 09 11 Mexican ........ jO9 10
Best & Belchr. .29 30 Occidental ..... 90 110
Bullion ........ 06 07 Ophir ...... .42 43
Caledonia,..:... 14 16 Overman ....... 02 03
Chollar 21 22 Potosl ..22 23
Challenge Con. 10 12 Savage ......... 13 14
Con Cal & Va. 59 60 Seg Belcher . . — • 01
Confidence ..... 43 45 Scorpion .......— 02
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra -Nevada.^ 60 01
Crown Point ..10 11 Silver Hill .... — 0t!
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate ......— 04
Eureka Con ... —> 20 Standard ...V...1 50 160
Exchequer:..... '01 • 02 Union Con ;.r.. 11 .. 12
Gould & Curry. 21 ; 22 j Utah ;..........." 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. SI 83 Yellow Jacket. 1 24 25
■ i i ,-:- . ♦ ■ — — . ■ , I
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ryland B. Wallace to Wells, Fargo & Co.,
lot on NW corner of Eddy and Polk streets, N
120 by W S6; $10.
Sarah A. Damon to Fannie D. and Effle A.
Mclllrlaeh. lot on X line of Golden Gate ave
nue, 112:6 W of Laguna, W 25 by N 95; gift.
David McConvlll to Thomas R. Hobson, lot
on W line of Shotwell street, 65 S of Nlne
t«>nthS 30 bvW 122:6; also interest in ««tate
ofpatrlfk McConvill and Catherine McConvllle. .
Nos. : 19.940 and 19,614, deed °< f 89 '™ 11 ™ 1 ! 1 ' ,"&
oi W S > lot 'block 402 South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association $^
Mar>- M. and W. S. Hosmer to John Doelker,
8a Davld s1 Willlams to Mary E. = Williams, lot on
corner of viand and Williams streets.
E 120, by S 100, lot 8. block 119, University
"SS^aV. Morion to Selden Wilson lot on E
line of London street. 223 S of Persia, S 25 by E
100. Excelsior Homestead: $10. - ..■_
John T. Mead to Julia A. Mead, lot on SE
line of Mission street, 270 SW of . Fair avenue,
SX* 30 by SE 283:6: gift!
: The - McCarthy " Company (a corporation) to
Walton Saunters, lot 1. block 21. lots 3 and 4.
block 37. lots 34 and 35. block 10, lots 41 and
42, block 5. Sunnyside, lots 21, 22 and 23, block
21*. Lakeview; Uft. ' .
Buildnrs' Contracts.
Martin Schmltt (owner) with W. W. Rednall
(contractor and architect), all work for a I
story and basement frame cottage on S line
of Beulah street, 131:3 W of Shrader, W 25 by
S 137:6; $2308.
Frederick Tillmann Jr. (trustee of the estate
of Claus Mang-els for Alice, Ernest C. and
Oscar Hueter, owners) -■•••■ PettPrson & Pers
flon (contractors), architects Hermann & Swain,
all work for alterations and additions (except
painting, gasflttlng and plumbing) for one 4
story frame hr.tel bulMlng known as the
"Plymouth" and one 3-story and basement
frame building on NE corner of Bush and Jones
streets. E 60 by N 137:G: $29ir>.
Same with Ickelheimer Bros, (contractors)
architects same, sewerage, plumbing and gas
fitting for Fame, on same; $17*2.
Same with W. T. Beck (contractor) archi
tects same, painting, graining, varnishing
staining, hardwood finishing, papering tinting
etc., for same, on same; $1400.
Gus Harshall (owner) with J. V Hull (con
tractor), architects Salfield fk Kohlberg- all
work for alterations and additions to a 3-story
frame building to make 9 flats on SE line of
Shipley street. 70 NE fo Sixth. — 55. SE 75 SW
55, NW 75; $3155.
« ♦ . _
THE CALL CALENDAH.
May, 1898.
3
10
We
i
11
13
I*"
5
13
19
«
13
7
\—
•a
i —
©Full Moon.
May 5.
iif^-Last Quarter
i \£. May 12.
s£\ New Moon,
W May ax
•m First Quarter.
W May 2s.
Moon's Phases.
22
23
28
I 27
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
I free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
; ing directions of the world are kept on hand
1 for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day. j. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant In Charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, May
12, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. j. T. . McMillan.
Assistant in Charge
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (MlsHlon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MAY-HSU. *
Friday, May 13.
! Pun rl«es . 5:00
Sun sets .................. . .....7:11
'' Moon rises 1 03 a.m.
jyimej Feet [Tlmej Feet |Tlme[p lTtme! li , M .
IH-Wi L Wi H Wi (L W
IS! 6:1»' 1-5' 11:5111 U. 5 1 t!:.>)
- X W • " • |H W L, W
M 0:51 2.3 8:*0 4.4 17:47
15 1:52 1.1 7:53 *.3 1 :S7
18 2:11 1.0 9:05 4.4 2:20
17 3:2« «'.5 ! 10:00 1.5 3:00
18 4:18 0.0 10:5. 4 4 3:^(5
19 4:47 — :••» 11:40 4.4 4:li
20 5:26 r.i! 12:35 4.3 4:45
H W
':&!
J>:11
• 8.47
!':2l
-.9:63
Ul:2»
6.4
5.6
6.7
5.8
b.i
58
2.2
2.;
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
I the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
| day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
j second time column gives the second tide of
i the day, the third time column the third tide.
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
threo tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
j United States Coast Survey chart 3, except
' when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
i reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STKAMKKS TO ARRIVE.
Stkamer.
Crescent City.. | Crescent Citr." — ...
Oregon.. j P0rt1and. ..................
Pomona San Diegro ..........
Arcaw Coos Bar.
Walla Wa11a . . .. Victoria & Pusret Sound . .
San Mateo C0ra0x.....
Altceßlanchard Seattle . —
Senator .... Pugst Sound
Homer IHumboldi
Mackinaw..... Tacoma....
Cleveland Seattle..
Chilkat Eel River.....
Tltanla Nanaimo
Coiumoia ...... Portland
I Santa Rosa Pan Dieeo
| Doric. China ana .Tanan ........
Umatllla i Victoria & Pueet Sna ....
Empire... — .- | Coos Bay...
Morgan City.. Alaska....
Tillamook Copper River
0rizaba........ Humoolat
Starbuck Panama —
State or 0i1... Portland......
Coos Bay Newport ..................
C010n... I Panama ....
Norm Forg....- I »iuinDOiat
May 13
May 13
May 13
May U
May It
May 14
May 15
May 15
May 15
May 1«
May 1 1
May 16
May IT
May 17
May lr
I May IT
May 18
May 18
May 18
May IS
May Vj
May 19
May 19
May la
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ATIOX
9a ii.B.
Coo« uav.. Newport |
Lakme. .. - Puiaret Sound., j
Fulton Oregon Ports
Nortn Port Humboldt ...
Orizaba- .. HumbolJt —
ABlancnrd Taaulna Bay.
Areati Coos Bar
Oregrou '.'.'. Portlana ......
Pomona.. . . San ■ Dlesro . .. |
j Walla WUa ! Vie & Ps« Snd
! Curacao ... Mexic0........
Senator .... Puiret Sound .
Homer Newport
I Chlikat Humboldt....
j Columbia.; I Portland. ....
j San Jose. . . Panama. .... . .
i Mariposa.. 5ydney........
i Santa Rob.i i via Diego ...
| May 1». y am
i May 13, 6 PM
May 14, 9am
May 11. 9 am
MiV 14. 10 AM I
May 14. 5 PM!
May 15. 10 am|
May 15. 1U am
JM.iy 15. 11 a»
May V>. 10 am
May Hi. 11) am
May IT, 10 am
May 17. 'J am !
May 17. 2 pn
tfaer 18. v am
I May 18. li M
iMay 1-. 2pm
|M»y 19. H A!M
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier i
I Pier S
I Pier 13
I Pier It
Pier 12
Plor 11
Pier it
Pier 11
Pier »
I Pier 11
I Pier 13
Pier 12
PM SS
: Pier 7
I Pier U
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 12.
U S stmr Mohican, Book, 13 days from Hon
olulu.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. 69 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 20 days from Hon
olulu.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 4 days from Ne
halem River.
Schr Volant, Krog, 5 days from Nehalem
River.
Schr Sadie, Smith, 60 hours from Umpqua.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 26 hours from Tlllamook.
CLEARED.
Thursday, May 12.
Austrian stmr Burma, Mikuliclch, Nanaimo;
John Rosenf eld's Sons.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
I Perkins & Co.
Schr Hattie I Phillips, Pederson, St Michael;
Edward Pond.
Schr J B Leeds, Nielsen, St Michael; Wm
Johnson.
Schr Dora Bluhm, Jorgenson, ; C R.
| Clow.
Schr Nellie G Thurston, Douse, Cooks Inlet;
Pacific Mining and Trading Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, May 12.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Olsen.
Ptmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Chllkat. Dunham, Eureka.
Stmr Washtenaw. Crosscup, Tacoma,
j Austrian stmr Burma. Mikulicich. Nanaimo.
! Stmr Honlta, Nicolson, Port Harford.
; Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Jahns"- Eureka.
Bark Northern Light, Whlteslde, Kotzebue
; Sound.
Brig Lurllne, MacLeod. Kahulul.
Schr John D Tallant. rioffland, Nlcolaefski.
Schr J Epplnger. Colstrop.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO. . May 12. 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, SW; velocit- 20 mfles.
.CHARTERS.
The Louis Walsh loads coal at Tacoma for
this port: Maria E. Smith, lumber at Grays
Harbor for Honolulu.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON, May 12— The Br ship Kllmory, pre
viously reported, waa spoken 10 miles above
Alg-oa Bay with loss of windlass proceeding to
Eastern port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT ROSS— Arrived May 12— Schr La Chll
ena, hence May 10.
MENDOCIN Sailed May 12— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Salied May 12— Stmr Alliance, for
San Francisco; schr Vine, for St Michael.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 12— Stmr Dlrigo.
from Dyea; schr Nellie Coleman, hence April
25.
REDONDO— SaiIed May 12— Schr Rio Rey,
for ; brig Tanner, for Tacoma.
TACOMA— Sailed May 11— Stmr Senator, for
San Francisco: stmr Al Xi, for Dyea.
TATOOSH— Passed May 12— Stmr Senator, fra
Tacoma, for San FranHseo: stmr Cleveland,
from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 12— Stmr Co
quille River, hence May 10.
FORT ROSS— Sailed May 12— Schr La Chll
ena, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 12— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed May 12— Stmr
Hueneme, for San Francisco.
FOi EIGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed May 11— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
FALMOUTH- Arrived May 11— Br ship Glau
cus. hence Jan 22: Br bark Inverneill, henca
Jan 16.
FREEMANTLE — Sailed April s— Fr bark
Les Adelphes. for Portland.
COLON— Arrived May 11— Stmr Advance, fm
New York.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed May 11— Br stmr Argyll,
for Portland.
DUNKlßK— Arrived May 12— Br ship Lord
Wolseley, from Tacoma.
SWANSEA— SaiIed May 12— Dan bark Sixtua
for San Francisco.
ACAPrLCO— Sailed May 11— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
HAVRE— Arrived May 11— Br bark Dacca,
from Oregon.
QT'EENSTOWN— Arrived May 11— Br ship
City of Hankow, from Tacoma.
SYDNEY— Arrived May 10— Stmr Miowera,
from Vancouver.
ST NAZAlßE— Arrived May B— Br ship Tilll*
from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, NSW - Sailed May 10— Br
chip King David, for San Francisco.
SHIELDS— SaiIed May 10— Br ship KilmaJlle,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEI*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
b«^ Steamers leave Broadway
ggfeen^ wharf, San Francisco.
■ Ka^K'sftv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
IHSK3w^ May 1, 6, 11. 16, 21, 26. 31, Juna
KHwl 5> transfer at Seattle.
Bs^SßjAf For Alaskan ports (from
jSßgß^s^Cttl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
'^^Hsllßfi May 18, June 5. 26. July 17.
"^*SJ«ffi August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
land, Qr.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m., May 1 6.
11, 16 21 26. 31. June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
May ■2.■ 8. 14. 20, 26. Juno 1, and ever y sixth
day thereafter. Monterey, San Simeon,
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 6. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29.
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angelesi. 11
a. m.. May 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. SI, June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. May 12.
June 10. and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chan?»
; without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TTCKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agrts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
W^ For SEATTLE
jllll And TACOMA Direct.
; j^^H Hal The New ast and Elegant
, Steamship
SENATOR,
Carrying Freight and Passengers,
Will Leave Broadway Wharf. San Francisco,
TUESDAY. MAY 17. at 10 A. M.
Ticket Office 4 New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS .TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
IAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon May 6. 15. 24
Columbia May 9 IS. 27
State of California ...........May 12 21. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
pca on E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Noordland May lllSouthwark May 25
Frienland May 18 1 'Chester May 23
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Belgenland May 14|Pennland .......May 21
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantla
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3,"00 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S. S. Indiana, 3300 tons, from Seattle. June 23.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3300 tons, from Seattle.
June 29.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18, new and modern steamers and barges on th»
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points.
I For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL .NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
fMWBMIg The S. S. majriposa
inHnlL sails via Honolulu and
ovnanv Auckland for Sydney
y™^_^ Wednesday, May IS. at
j b! ■s! • zealandia.
QHwlllljll!U < - / for HONOLULU only.
/nIHR?nll» Wednesday, June 1. S
VyilipvJlWr p . m. Special party
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
-TJT J D 'SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent,
114 Montgomery street.
■ Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatiantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -£<Qa*
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <f fg?T\
hv thl«s line avoid both transit by -**"»■*»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
channel Egypt, small boat. first-class. $160:
Alexandria! Egypt, via Paris, first-class. $160:
LTgaSCOGNE 6 .......May 21. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE May 2S. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE June 4, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE June 11, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE •. June 18, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANS AN-
TIQUE. Agent. V - ,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
j F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $60;
other steamers,. $50.
- Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50; Furnessia, $37 50;
I other steamers. ;. $35. .-. -
Steerage Passage ßome, $25 50; Fumessia,
! $24 50; other steamers, . $23 50.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
, HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents, 7
I Bowling Green. New York; or J. *>\ FUGAZI.
! 6 Montgomery st. ; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
! Montgomery , St.; or -R. .R. RITCHIE. 2 New
: Montgomery st., San Francisco. ' •
FOR U. S. NAVY- AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and 5at........
9:45 a. m., • S:l5 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur».»
Fridays ....:. ....i p. m. and 8:M p. m.
; Sundays ....:..-.;. .:;;... .10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier J.
V. •-;..• ■-■■:■-..-.■ Telejhone. Red ttil. - -
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRUZ
Steamer /Alvlso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sunday*
excepted) , at ■10, a. - m. ; Alvigo dally . (Saturdays
excepted) .at ■ 5 p. m. . ■ Freight and , passengers.
Fare . between ■< San ; Francisco and : Alvlso. 50c :
to San Jose, 75c. ;. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Korta
i First street. San Jose. ;TROUBLE AMONG
GOLD-HUNTERS
Party Which Came Here
on the H. I. Phillips
Disrupted.
Vessel Sold for a Grub Stake
and Some Members Re
turn Home.
Collector of tho Port Jackson and
Lieutenant Buits Once More
Good Friends.
The party of gold-hunters that came all
the way from Gloucester, Mass., on the
er llattie I. Phillips has, after a
of bickering and quarreling.
Its vessel fur a grubstake valued at
11900 and lost its leader. Everything start
;. and would have ended well
had Captain H. Blackburn been allowed
to retain control of affairs; but there were
others in the party who thought they
knew more about the business than he
did, and the result has been as stated.
In miking about the matter yesterday,
I 11 IMackburn said: "The Idea of
getting up a party in Gloucester to go to
Tiie Klondike originated last October. I
got together a party of twenty, and each
of us put up $300. "With that we pur
chased the schooner Hattie I. Phillips, a
steam-launch and five dories. When we
arrived here 1 found we would have a
long: time to wait before the breaking up
of the ice would allow us to go north, so
•we accepted a charter and went to As
toria and brought down a load of lumber.
On our return here we found that three
of our party had come overland, and they
Joined the ship. Among them was W. N.
Grant, and he was a. disturbing element
from the first.
"As the weeks dragged on, some of our
party changed their minds and decided
not to go to Alaska. Then a few others,
headed by Grant, tried to get control of
the vessel; but they failed. Then five
experienced miners from Riverside offered
to join the party, and I suggested that
■we let them in on the same basis as our-
Belves. "fliie majority declined, saying
that the Riverside men ought to pay $100
extra, as it cost that much to bring the
vessel around from Gloucester to San
Francisco. The miners at once declined
to have anything to do with the party.
"As we would have no use for the
schooner after reaching St. Michael, we
had been trying to sell her, to be deliv
ered, after we reached our destination;
a there were no vessels going out
Beaming — and that was alfl.he Phillips was
suitable for. there was n»demand for her.
The North American Company did want a
vessel, and would have paTd at least $4000
for the Phillips, but the majority of our
people held out for $6000. I knew we
could not get any such money as that
for her, so I made arrangements with ;
Cassidy and Snow to trade the vessel for !
a grubstake if the worst came to the :
worst.
"When everything: appeared to be
pretty well straightened out one of the
men refused to let his share go for a
grubstake, and entered his protest at the
Custom-house. That matter was straight
ened out, and then two more protests
were filed by members of the crew. They
were finally persuaded to turn over their
Interest in the vessel, and yesterday I was
at last able to give Cassidy & Snow a
clean bill of sale."
Mr. Cassidy of Cassidy <Sr Snow says
that whate\ er he has done for the gold
hunters has been done because of his
friendship for Captain Blackburn and
that he depended on him wholly and sole
ly for the proper transfer of the vessel.
Many of the party are much opposed to
the new leaders and several of them have
cold out, while others are trying to do so.
3n consequence, if the Hattle Phillips
gets away it will not be a very happy
party which will gro north on her.
The friction between the Collector of
the Port and Lieutenant Butts of the
revenue cutter Golden Gate has been
smoothed over. When Boarding Officer
Shepman and Quarantine Officer Rose
nau had a clash on board one of the
China steamers. Lieutenant Butts sided
In v>-ith the doctor and declined to put
the customs officers on board incoming
vessels until after they had been passed
by the quarantine officers. About ten
days ago he put his edict into effect and
the Custom House officers Immediately
hired a Whitehall boat and went out to
the German bark H. Hackfeld. When
Collector Jackson heard of this he was
very indignant and at once placed the
revenue cutter Hartley in commission.
Captain Montell, who was formerly cap
tain of the Hartley, but who some time
ago passed hl3 examination and has since
been acting as inspector of customs, was
placed in command of the little cutter
and two crews were hired to assist him.
For over a week the Hartley carried the
Custom House officers out to all incoming
chips and put them on board whenever
the captain of the watch said so. During
that time the Golden Gate lay at the
wharf with steam up night and day, but
not once was she called upon. The mat
ter was finally adjusted yesterday in an
amicable manner and the Hartley was
put out of commission and the Golden
Gate was again doing duty at the old
Btand.
The schooner Charles Hansen, which
Started for Alaska last Wednesday, was
compelled to put back to port. She had
tho stern wheel steamer Agnes Boyd on
her deck, but when the schooner got out
Into the heavy weather the steamer broke
away from her lashings and the captain
thought it better to put back. The deck
load will be restored and the little steam
er more securely fastened and the Han
een will then make another start.
Sergeant Jack Hayes, who for the last
four years has made a most efficient
head of the State harbor police, has
resigned, his term of office having ex
pired. Henry Petersen, late purchasing
agent for the Harbor Commissioners, has
been appointed to fill the vacancy.
The gilding of the ball on the top of the
ferry depot flag staff attracted a great
deal of attention on the water front yes
terday. The pole, is 2SO feet above the
street, and at that elevation the daring
painter looked like a puppet. He hauled
himself to the top of the pole by means
of the flag halyards, and while doing the
jrtb was the most unconcerned man on the
The United States training ship Mohi
can arrived from Honolulu yesterday. She
left here two months ago for a cruise in
the southern seas, and under steam and
eail Bhe took thirteen days to come back.
All the youngsters on the Mohican are
very anxious to be sent to the front.
When they obtained files of the papers
containing accounts of the war it was
with difficulty that discipline could be
maintained, as the boys were more than
anxious to read the accounts of what was
going on. The training ship is anchored
off Folsom street, but the chances are
that she will go to the navy yard to-day,
and that the able seamen on her will be
transferred to the Charleston.
TO PROTECT THE FORESTS.
A Move to Make the Mount Lassen
District a Reservation.
The subject of forest preservation was
discussed at the meeting of the State
Board of Trade on Tuesday, and as a result
President Chipman was directed to pre
pare a petition to the General Land Office
at Washington asking the Government to
set aside as a forest reservation a large
portion of the country adjacent to Mount
Lassen, or the Lassen Buttes, in Tehama
County. The memorial will recite that
the country in question, or much of it, is
within and near the snow line and cov
ered with dense forests. While these re
main as reservoirs of moisture the many
stieams that have their sources in that
pait of the mountain range will be kept
supplied. In future years these streams
will be the source of many valuable Irri
gation canals to water the lower country.
At the present time the sheep and lum
ber men are causing the forests to dlsap
and great damage will result to the
Slate in the future.
The board decided that the manager of
the Alaska Trade Committee branch of
'he body should not list any vessels on Its
bulletin boards for Alaska unless the j
BAY CITY WHEELMEN'S RELAY TEAM.
The team of the Bay City Wheelmen that won the 100-mile relay race on Sunday has already disbanded. Fur
man has gone to Los Angeles, Peck to Tuba City and Noonan to Santa Rosa. Before they separated the above
picture was taken by Bushnell.
In the photograph Harry Fowler, rider of the first relay, is seen in the upper row in the white suit on the
left. Next comes W. J. Black, eighth relay; Frank G. Peck, fifth; W. G. Furman, tenth, who practically won the
race defeating Wing and Smith in the sprint. Next is John L. Davidson, seventh relay; R- J. Black, ninth
relay and George Felix, second relay. On the lower row from the left are Ben J. Raynaud, fourth relay; Ben
Noonan, third; Harry Larkin, captain of the club and team, and Walter J. Davidson, sixth relay. "Mike," the
club's bulldog mascot, and the trophy won by the team are In the foreground.
same had been favorably passed by tho
: underwriters. The president was In
: Mructed to appoint five delegates to the
International Mining Congress that will
meet in Salt Lake on July 6. 7 and 8.
A request was made that the board send
i's entire local exhibit to the Omaha Ex
position but the directors decided that
owing to the lack of money the project
was not advisable. George T. Trobridge
of Sonoma reported that the grain crop
of that county will not be more than
two-thirds of the usual yield. The in
< reased acreage of cereals, however, will
make up the average output. The fruit
crop will be as good as in ordinary years
and the orehardists expect to make at
least one million dollars out of the crop.
I H. Thomas of Tulare County reported
that the entire grain crop Is a failure
there. The fruit yield will not be more
than one-twentieth of the average, except
along the foothills, where the prospects
are fair for an average crop.
REVIEWING THE CHAETER.
Speakers for and Against the Pro
posed Fundamental Law.
The Mission League of Improvement
Clubs held a special meeting last night at
Mannerbund Hall, on Twenty-fourth
street and Bryant avenue, for the pur
pose of discussing the charter. Presi
dent T. B. Slevin of the league stated
that the debate on the merits of the char
ter would be confined to two speakers
on each side, with a limit of twenty mir
utes to each speaker. M. C. Hassett and
Max Popper argued for the charter and
James E. Field and H. Meyers opposed
them.
Mr. Hassett began with a general
resume of the many ills under which the
people of this city are suffering in conse
quence of the workings of the too oft
amended consolidation act. By adopting
the charter, he said, all of these ills
would disappear and the body politic
would become thoroughly purified.
James E. Field responded in a telling
argument, showing the many absurdities
of the proposed charter. The taking
away of the people's rights and concen
trating them in one man, he said, was
both un-American and contrary to pub
lic policy and good government. It gave
' the "Lord Mayor" the right to Impeach
elected officers and have them tried by
a court of his own. the Supervisors, thus
supplanting the real courts of their ju
dicial authority by removing men from
office without due process of law. Again,
it made life members of all "Lord May
ors," of the Board of Supervisors, and
j placed them In a position where they
; could lobby bills and schemes without be
i ing responsible to the people for their
acts.
H. Meyers followed Mr. Field and
punched as many holes through the work
of the fifteen Freeholders as his prede
cessor had done. He denounced the civil
service section as building up a privileged
class against the masses.
Max Popper followed, supplementing
Mr. Hassett's exposition of the evils to
be removed with a recital of the benefits
he said would follow the charter's adop-
tion.
The people listened to the debate good
naturedly without giving any expression
of opinion as to how they shall vote when
the time comes.
■ m ■
FRIENDSHIP SEVERED.
Troubles of Dancing Master Colvin
and Mrs. Alma Wallin.
The charge of threats against life pre
ferred by Mrs. Alma Wallin, 506 Jones
street, against Fred H. Colvin, a dancing
master in the Mission, was partly heard
by Judge Low yesterday.
Mrs. Wallin testified that she contrib
uted money to start Colvin in the danc
ing business and she was to share in the
profits. After ?ix months he quit calling
on her. and when she went to his dancing
academy to demand her share of the re
ceipts he threatened to shoot her. She
had altogether advanced him about $400.
The defendant testified that he had
plenty of money when he met the widow.
They were good friends for awhile, a^a
then he came to the conclusion that she
was not a proper person to have around
the academy, so he discharged her. He
had been paying her $1 per night. He
denied owing her a cent or threatening to
shoot her.
Several other witnesses were examined,
and some of them testified that Mrs.
Wallin had threatened to kill Colvin.
On motion of the prosecution the case
was continued until Tuesday to enable
witnesses in rebuttal to be produced.
Fan Tan Games Raided.
The new Chinatown squad under Ser
! geant McManus raided two merchants'
I clubs last evening and captured forty
! eight men who were playing fan tan. Of
ficers Galloway and Morton disguised
themselves as Chinese and. gaining admis
1 sion to the clubs, caught the gamblers at
; the game and secured $86 85 in cash and
I the two fan tan layouts. One of the clubs
i was run by "Goose Neck," who often
gives valuable information to the police.
This one was located at Washington aJley
and Jackson street, and the other was at
813 Dupont.
■ ♦ ■
' Photographic Art Club. ■ j
At the meeting: of the Photograpffic Art
Club last night William Oliver of Alameda
! gave ;an * interesting '. lecture arid demon
! stration on the use of dry plates. He
i called attention to many of the faults be
ginners are apt to make, and showed how
to corect the tendency to make them. The
' Indoor committee announced a lecture to
I bo given by Charles W. Benjamin; next
' Wednesday evening on "A Trip .Through
I Mexico." The outing committee has de
cided on a trip ' to, Ross Valley: and Tam
alpais on . May 22 for the purpose of iin-'i in-'
structing the members in photography.
;—; — .—. — ■ no ■ .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK, May 12 —Sailed— Stmr Cuflc,
for Liverpool; America, for London; Edam, for
A GENOA, May 12.— Sailed— Stmr Werra, for
N GLASGOW. May 12.— Arrived— Stmr An
rhoria from New York.
QrI'ENSTOW. May 12 -Arrived-Stmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia.
Sailed— Germanla, New York.
ROTTERDAM, May 12. - - Arrived - Stmr
Spaarndam, New York.
Bailed— Amsterdam, Ise-w York. •
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1898.
FLORAL BEAUTIES
ON EXHIBITION
Magnificent Display of Roses
and Carnations at the
Show.
Some Choice and Bare Specimens
Contributed by Out-of-Town
Amateurs.
The frost and the drought have not
killed the roses. They bloom In all their
glory at the rose show, making Golden
Gate Hall a bower of beauty and scent-
Ing the May air with their sweet, clinging
perfume.
Like its predecessors, the fifteenth semi
! annual exhibition and rose show of the
California State Floral Society is a mag
nificent success. Professionals and well-
I known amateurs, both local and out-of
i town, have added to the exquisite and*
wonderful ensemble. ' "^- V.^j.
Sievers' display is a thing of surpassing
I beauty. It occupies the entire rostrum,
and easily ranks first even in comparison
with the many other handsome exhibits.
In the display are roses, carnations
eluding the new burnt orange and curious
i deep lavender blooms— and a. multitude of
exquisitely tinted pelargoniums. :
Another pretty professional display is
that of Demota Bros., the Japanese grow
ers across the bay. Their exhibit re
sembles a tiny bit of forest, potted plants,
palms and ferns being principally shown.
i A Japanese magnolia and Japanese maple
are among the curiosities of their exhibit.
The conservatories of Golden Gate Park
have added to the beauty of the show,
contributing some flowering shrubs and
brightly colored calardiums.
A remarkable display of long-stemmed
i American Beauties is made by Pellicano.
The exhibition made by amateurs testi
fies to the success of the object of the
Floral Society, which is to promote ama
j teur culture. Mrs. George C. Ross of Bel
mont has an unusually fine display of pel
argoniums and panstes. Mrs. Tricon
shows fifty varieties of cacti, and Mrs.
Llewelling of Haywards has a fine exhibit
of peonies, clematis and azaleas. Both
Professor Emory E. Smith of Stanford
and Mrs. Wiester make a fine showing of
: California wild flowers. In • Professor
' Smith's exhibit Is an oddity, in the shape
lof a deep crimson blossom— a California
i wild glory, pea.
Mesdames • Henrlckson, Wiester and
j Friedman have a pretty exhibit of roses,
las has also John Henderson Jr. of
j Berkeley. John Hinkle and Mrs. "W. H.
I Smythe each shows six exquisite roses,
which are quite the finest in the amateur
display. •c?;-;.i^ .> .
Other amateur exhibitors are Mrs. S. R.
"Wilkes of San Jose, Mrs. Wheeler of San
Francisco and Mrs. Walker of Piedmont.
The doors of the exhibition were opened
! yesterday morning, and the attendance
! throughout the day and evening was
! gratifyingly large.
The feature of the exhibition to-day will
be floral designs and table decorations.
Saturday will be wild flower (Jay. Every
evening there will be an orchestra in at
tendance. - • ■
The proceeds. of the exhibition will be
donated to the Red Cross Society's fund.
.■■ » ■ ■
CURT AILMENT NOT DESIRED.
Merchants Do Not Want the Letter
Delivery System Interfered
With.
The regular meeting of the board of
directors of the Merchants' association
was held yesterday. Wilfrid B. Chap
man, C. M. Foster & Co., M. S. Grinbaum
& Co., Limited, and George Marcus &
Co. were elected to membership. A tele
gram was received from the Merchants'
Association of New York calling atten
tion to the Senate amendment of the post
office bill limiting free deliveries in all
cities to four times daiiy. As this amend
ment would also curtail the postal service
In San Francisco and cripple its facilities,
the board of directors adopted resolu
tions against the proposed reduction.
The board decided to advocate strongly
the sprinkling of the streets and flushing
of the sewers with salt water. Directors
Grant, Keil and Sherwood were appointed
a special committee to investigate this
subject further and report to the board
what action should be taken. It was de
cided to investigate the cost of lighting
public buildings; also to recommend to
the Board of Supervisors that the con
tract for furnishing light to the city be
made for one year instead of two years,
as heretofore. Rapid progress was re-
Eorted upon the repaVement of cobbled
locks. A number of blocks on Post
and Stockton streets, together with cross
ings, have been repaved and are now •-„
good condition. Contracts for the re
pavement of blocks on Fourth, Sutter
California and Pine streets, Grant avenue!
Montgomery and Sixth streets have near
ly been completed and will be let as soon
as the funds of the city are available for
that purpose.
Unhappy Married Couples.
Judge Hunt has granted Mary A. Moses
a divorce from Orion S. Moses on the
ground of neglect.
Ella McDevitt has secured a divorce
from Edward F. McDevitt on the ground
of desertion.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted Ellen
Bachmann a divorce from Fred W. Baeh
mann on the ground of desertion.
Judge Belcher has granted Minnie
Kempster a divorce from Stephen Demp
ster on the ground of failure to provide.
Sarah Levy commenced suit for divorce
yesterday against A. N. Levy on the
ground of fanure to provide.
Foresters Elect Officers.
OAKLAND, May 12.— The Pacific Coast
Jurisdiction of Foresters, that has been
In session since Monday, held, the annual
election to-night. The following will con
stitute the High Court for the coming
year: W. Boehm. High Court chief ranger;
John Henderson, High Court sub-chief
ranger; George W. Lunt, High Court
treasurer; O. M. Goldaracena, High Court
secretary: J. W. Chute, High Court senior
warden; Hon. J. B. Sanford of Mendocino
County, High Court S. B. ; George Brown,
High Court I. B.; I. G. Burges, High
Court S. B.; auditors— Charles Frye, E. J.
Jackson and M. J. Ogara; arbitration
board— Sam Ferris, N. Mathews, S. Mish,
A. McPherson. John B. Williams, J. Co
bine and J. W. Leahy.
■ m « ■
HONOR BALBOA AND DEWEY_
Pacific Parlor Wants One of the More
Important Streets Named
After the Admiral.
The following self explanatory commu
nication has been sent to the Board of
Supervisors by Pacific Parlor, N. S.
G. W.:
Gentlemen: The proposed action of your
honorable board to change the name of Balboa
avenue to Dewey avenue, as a tribute to the
great admiral, coming to the knowledge of Pa
cific Parlor No. 10, Native Sons of the Golden
West, the parlor heartily endorses the patriotic
sentiment that prompts your body in befltting
ly recognizing the marvelous achievement of
the distinguished hero of Manila, but at the
same time deplores blotting out the name of
one hero for another, and respectively suggests
that while we honor Dewey let us continue our
reverence for Balboa, and to this end the par
lor adopted the following resolution:
Resolved, By the members of Pacific Parlor
No. 10, N. S. G. W., in meeting assembled,
in conformity with the principles of its organ
ization, that we request the Board of Supervis
ors to preserve the nanje o* Balboa avenue as a
tribute to the brave navigator of a past genera
tion who discovered the mighty ocean whose
name our parlor bears, and on whose shores
our great city is located: and be it further
Resolved, That the name of the Illustrious
Dewey be given to one of our more conspicu
ous streets, so that his achievement in up
holding American arms and protecting our
coast from foreign invasion may be fittingly
honored by a grateful people.
With high respect, I am. yours irvly.
DANIEL A. RrAN.
President Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W.
PURE FOOD MOVEMENT.
Senator Perkins Co-operates With the
Manufacturers and Producers.
On May 4 President Sbarboro, of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion, forwarded a tek-gram to Senator
Perkins suggesting that in amending the
revenue laws in compliance with the
necessities of the present war, that a
light tax be placed upon pure products
and a heavier tax upon those that were
mixtures or substitutes for the genuine
article. The following letter from Wash
ington was received yesterday:
I am In receipt of your telegram giving reso
lution sufccestlng a lighter tax on pure food
I products than on adulterations, and have sent
! copies to members of the delegation, as re
i quested, and also to the Senate Finance Com
mittee that are now considering the bill.
Yours very truly, GEORGE C. PERKINS.
The prompt attention given to this mat
ter by Senator Perkins is very gratify
ing to the friends of the pure food move-
I ment, and it is to be hoped that some
plan be devised by which the manufac
turers and producers of honest goods
may be protected by the National Gov
ernment.
TILTON'S BIG FEE.
The Street Committee Recommends
Its Payment Despite Mayor
Phelan's Veto.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday recommended the
payment of City Engineer Tilton'3 claim
of $1400, notwithstanding the Mayor's veto.
The claim is for preparing pians of a
Bewer system south of the park and is in
addition to $9000 already paid Tilton for
preparing the specifications. Mayor Phe
lan held that the charge was exorbitant
and stated that a competent engineer had
offered to do the work for $300.
A large amount of street work was
passed upon by the committee.
New Incorporations.
Marcus Lasar, Maurice Getz, Isaac
Lasar, Emanuel Lasar and Amelia Getz
have filed articles of incorporation of La
sar Brothers, and will engage in a general
merchandizing business.
The Gorham Rubber Company has been
incorporated by W. J. Gorham, W. R.
Reagan, Ellis H. Parrlsh, W. J. Crandley
and William B. Hickman.
The Spirit That Wins.
A lecture on the subject "The Spirit
That Wins" will be delivered by the Rev.
George C. Adams at the Fourth Congre
gational Church on Green street, near
Montgomery avenue, next Friday even
ing May 13, at 8 o'clock. A short literary
programme will precede the lecture.
Dispute Over a Land Title.
Mary Donohue commenced suit yester
day against John and Bridget Swift to re
cover $1000 damages for the alleged un
lawful detention of a piece of land on the
corner of Hermann and Jessie streets and
for the restitution of the premises.
New Chinese Consul.
The Treasury Department notified Col
lector Jackson yesterday that Ching Yen
Fun had been recognized as Chinese Con
sul General and How Vow as Chinese
Vice-Consul at this port.
Smuggling Mexican Cigars.
Customs Inspector Mullen yesterday
seized 200 Mexican cigars which were con
cealed on board the steamer Curacoa.
which recently arrived from Mazatlan.
Weekly Bible Study.
Dr. Cry or will conduct the International
Bible study at the Association building-.
Mason ar.<l Ellis streets, to-morrow at 12
o'clock; subject, "Watchfulnesß."
A Tailor Fails.
Alfred H. Cohen, residing at 2010 O'Far
rell street, and engaged in the tailoring
business, has failed for $2464 25.
PRAYS GOD TO
BLESS FABIOLA
Rabbi Levy Writes of the
Virtues of the
Ladies.
Was Pained When He Read of
the Criticism of Rev. Dr.
Dille.
Society Will Turn Out and Will
Use Nothing but Ribbons for
Decorations.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 12.
Rabbi M. S. Levy of San Francisco,
who was a few years ago in charge of the
First Hebrew Congregation of this city,
has written a letter to the Tribune de
fending the ladies of. the Fablola Hos
pital Association against the criticism of
Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille. Rabbi Levy says:
I was somewhat surprised and pained to read
the prelude of the Rev. Dr. Dille to his sermon
Sunday evening wherein he made, to my mina.
a most unwarrantable attack upon the man
agers of the Famola Hospital because they pro
posed to accept the receipts of Derby or Poly
clinic day at the Oakland race track.
I think that the manner of condemning the
act, which is a charitable one, is very un-
Chrißtianlike and very ungenerous. If sucn
places aud such games deserve the poignant
criticism of the pulpit, then they must be taken
alone and apart from any charitable motive
such as the noble women of Oakland intended
this to be. , ..
For the past few seasons the leading ladles
of Oakland conceived the idea of Increasing
the funds of the hospital by having a Derby
<i a y_ an d personally I have the highest regard
and respect for each and all of them, and can
find only words of commendation for their
efforts and zeal in the humanitarian cause they
give both of their time and substance.
I have known these women long and well,
and had often cause to learn of their good
works, and to feel that my own people have at
times been benefited because of the kindly and
sympathetic love they bestow upon the sick
and needy.
The Fabiola Hospital has, since Its incep
tion, been sustained and superintended only
by those of unassailable character, and I can
recall now members of my own faith who
found it a pleasure as well as a duty to re
member the hospital substantiai-v in recogni
tion of the good work. A work so nobly con
ceived and so honorably executed should not
be censured for adopting Derby day.
Although not residing in Oakland at present,
I was for too many years among her people
so soon to forget them and their good work,
and I cannot help but retain that loving kind
ness in my heart for all her people, but espe
cially for those good, unselfish women who
have worked hand in hand with me, and who
have exerted every fiber of their soul to sus
tain that beautiful charity that they do, the
emblem of which is Fabiola.
It is therefore to be deeply regretted that
anything should have been said for the purpose
of decrying the method employed for replenish
ing the depleted treasury of the Fablola Hos
pital : equally as pernicious and quite aa de
moralizing are church fairs and the numerous
games of chance they encourage. I wish the
ladies of Fablola every success, and pray that
the blessing of God may rest upon their un
selfish labors. Respectfully yours,
M. S. LEV?.
The ladies have decided that there shall
be no flowers in the decorations for
Fablola Derby, the ornament being con
fined to ribbons of different colors as fol-
lows:
Fabiola colors, white and blue; Derby
day, red; racing association, orange and
black. The following ladles have ex
pressed their intention of turning out at
the track: Mesdames I. L. Bequa, F. M.
Smith, E. H. Kittredge, R. W. Gorrlll, J.
A. Folger, William J. Landers, William
Herrick, Henry Butler, John Yule, A. A.
Barton, G. W. Baker, Oscar Lunlng, Wal
ter Morosco, Gorton Stolp, George W.
McNear, Remi Chabot, William Crellin,
J. S. Emery, George Haas, Gruenhagen,
William Sharon, John Russ, T. S. Corder,
H. Peterson, Frank T. Thwaites, William
Clift, J. T. Wright. M. W. Kales, T. C.
Coogan, H. J. Hussey, J. Ballard, J. W.
Phillips, M. J. Merrill, Captain Watson.
FOUR MINISTERS RESIGN.
Sagasta's Plea for Them to Remain
Temporarily of No Avail.
MADRID, May 12.— 11 p. m.— lt Is
said that Senor Moret, Secretary for the
Colonies, and Senor Gullon, Foreign
Minister, have resigned. Admiral Ber
mejo, Minister of Marine, and Count
Xiquena, Minister of Public Works, are
also said to have resigned.
The retiring Ministers offered various
excuses, such as illness and weariness,
for their withdrawals. Senor Sagasta
begged them to remain until the in
demnity bill had been passed, but It is
believed at to-night's Cabinet council
the resignations became definite,
though it is impossible to verify the
exact situation at this hour.
11:30 p. m. — It turns out that Admiral
Bermejo, on learning of the Cavite dis
aster, told Senor Sagasta that he must
resign, owing to the delicacy of his po
sition, though he felt that he was not
responsible for the state of the defenses
of Manila. Senor Moret pleaded wear
iness and Count Xiquena illness.
According to the last forecast the
new Ministry will consist of Senor Sa
gasta as President, Senor Croissard,
Minister of Justice of the dissolving
Cabinet, as Minister of Foreign Affairs;
Senor Aunon as Minister of Marine;
Senor Romero Giron as Minister of
Justice, and the Duke of Veragua, the
descendant of Columbus, as Alinister of
Public Works.
The new Cabinet will probably be
constituted Saturday. The general
opinion is that it will endure until the
budget is passed and collapse with the
first opportunity afterward. The
changes, however, are pacific in ten
dency, Senor Gullon having been the
most warlike element in the dissolving
Cabinet.
The whereabouts of the Atlantic
squadron still remains undivulged, the
Ministers refusing to give any informa
tion on the subject.
Official dispatches from Havana con
firm the reports of an American repulse
at Cienfuegos. They assert that the
firing lasted eight hours, and that the
American losses were heavy. Accord
ing to these dispatches great enthusi
asm prevails in Cuba.
Owiner to the increased price of food
there have been serious disturbances at
the Rio Tinto mines, Province of Hu
elva. The rioters wrecked the octroi
office and sacked a number of tobacco
stores. The military now occupy the
whole mining: district.
At the Cabinet Council this afternoon,
the Queen Regent presiding, Senor Sa
gasta, the Premier, reviewed the situa
tion and the latest war news. A second
council was held to-night.
ANOTHER TRANSPORT
FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
Steamer Pakshan Will Carry Troops
to the Islands on Her Return
From Alaska.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 12.— The
United States Government has all the
week been negotiating with the Wash
ington and Alaska Steamship Company
with a view to chartering their steamer
Pakshan, en route here for the north,
to carry American troops to the Phil
ippines. The matter was kept very
quiet, as the Pakshan, which got here
last Monday, has aboard quite a num
ber of passengers and 109 head of pack
horses and mulee. Day after day the
passengers, who began complaining
about the unusual delay, were put oft
with various excuses, and finally
threatened suit against the company. A
notice was stuck up that the vessel
would sail at 9 o'clock to-night
Frank Burnett, associated with the
local manager here, then gave out that
while the vessel would make the trip
north, she had been chartered by the
United States Government to carry
troops to the Philippines. She is a
splendid steel steamer of about 3000
tons and will carry 500 or 600 people.
Her record is fourteen knots. When
the passengers, many of whom are Ca
nadians, learned that they had been
delayed at Uncle Sam's pleasure, they
raised a big row and several threat
ened damage suits against the com
pany. The Pakshan leaves to-night
and will return in about twelve days.
REORGANIZATION OF THE
PERSONNEL OF THE NAVY.
The House Committee on Naval Af- ;
fairs Has at Last Completed
the Bill.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— The Com
mittee on Naval Affairs of the House
to-day completed the bill for reorgani
zation of the personnel of the navy.
The personnel bill has been quite as
vexatious .-.s the appropriation bill it
3elf on account of the strife of the dif
ferent corps of the navy to promote
their interests.
Hilborn, who has been present at
every meeting of the committee and
has presided much of the time ex
presses himself as fairly well satis
fied with the bill. For several sessions
he had measures before Congress to
give the enMsted men the right of re
enlistment after + hlrty years' service, a
privilege long since given to the en
listed men of the army and marine
corps. He has also steadily advocated
giving commissions to warrant officers
after ten years' continuous service.
In the framing of the personnel bill
he has been the champion of the sailors
and warrant officers. He succeeded in
engrafting his bill for re-enlisting the
sailors without amendment. Under the
! bill as reported, warrant officers will
I get commissions after ten years' ser
vi,e, but are subject to examination
upon promotion.
FOR COAST DEFENSE
VESSELS AND CREWS.
Two Important Emergency War
Measures Are Passed by the
House.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— The House
to-day effected but little legislation. An
Important measure providing for the
organization of a special line of coast
defense vessels and the enlistment of
men adequate to man them was passed.
The Senate bill to establish a volunteer
signal corps was passed without
amendment.
These two emergency war measures
were the features of the session. The
House adjourned at 4:18 p. m.
ORDER BEING RESTORED
THROUGHOUT ITALY. 1
Large Cities Assuming Their Normal
Aspect find Schools Are About
to Reopen.
ROME, May 12. — A semi-official note
issued this evening declares that tran
quility prevails throughout the king
dom.
The Archbishop of Naples has written
a pastoral calling upon all his diocese
to co-operate in the restoration of or
der.
MILAN, May 12.— The city has as
sumed its normal aspect. The public
services have been resumed and the
schools will reopen to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
islliTLii!
TRANSPORTATION GO.
STEAMSHIP" LAURADA
WILL. SAIL FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND,
VIA ST. MICHAEL,
CONNECTING WITH NEW STEAM-HEAT-
ED, ELECTRIC-LIGHTED FLEET O*
RIVER STEAMERS COL. McNAUGHT. GOV.
PINGREE, PHILIP R. LOW, A. E. FAY. B.
B GLASCOCK, NEW YORK. MICHIGAN,
WASHINGTON AND OHIO.
FOR DAVVSON CITY
AND
Yußon River Points.
THIS EXPEDITION TO THE NEW Dis-
coveries at Kotzebue Sound will be ac-
companied by mining experts, together with
experienced guides. A mining party will ac-
company this expedition and direct passengers
to the richest claims In Alaska.
The steamship will arrive at Hotham Inlet
about June 15, which will be as early as the
flow of ice will admit navigation to Kotzebue
Sound.
Don't be deceived by various representations
of entering the sound before the date named.
On this expedition we will allow no more
than the steamship's cabin capacity will
She will make two trips to Hotham Inlet,
leaving Hotham Inlet as late as September 16,
possibly as late as September 25, giving ample
time for those going on her first trip to locate
claims and return to San Francisco for the
Tickets for this sailing will be sold at the
very low rate of $200 per passenger, which in-
cludes 1000 pounds of baggage or freight free.
Additional freight at a low rate. Full informa-
tion upon application.
H M HAINES, Contracting Freight and Pas-
senger A sent, 20 Montgomery street.
H D LOMBARD & CO., 16 California street.
A. E. CROXENWETT, General Traffic Man-
D. H. PINGREE. General Manager.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABST .ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost MunUo-.id. . Debility or
disease wearing bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
C'nre» Guaranteed. Callorwrlte.
fi>r. .*.••". «»C»I tOSf. Box J9s7.SaaFrar;ets««\
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will run aa
follows:
South-bound. North-bovnd.
Passen- Mixed | Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Excep'd. tiona. Kxcep'd. Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:4opm 6:40 pm
910 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pra
11-40 am 5:20 pm Hanford J:team I:lspm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Visalla C;tOaml|i«pra
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 8 p. m. daily; at Merced with
etages to and from Spellings, Coultervllle. etc.;
also with stage for Hornitos, Mariposa. etc.;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis Sausalito Perry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 189 S.
W..EK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Kafael— 7:oo. *S:00.
•9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; n:45. 3:20. 4:00, S:l5, •o:00.
C:3O p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B :oo. »0:00.
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. «1:45, »2:30. *i:W.
6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quenun.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomalea and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations,
i 1:46 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way uta'i.
AUCTION sales.
ELEGANT FURNITURE.
; THIS DAY (FniDAY) AT 11 A. M.
i 1117 * LE AVENWORTH ST. NEAR CAL.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market «t.
FURNITURE OF 5 ROOMS.
. THIS DAY (FRIDAY). 2:30 P. M.
797 MISSION ST., CORNER FOURTH.
FRANK W. BUTTEKFIELP, 602 Market at.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
KoiiiiiKKN I'AtilK cohpaht.
(PACirio »ymtk»O
frnlna IVl*v« and.are <ln« to itrrive nl
itiiV IIUSi(IS(O.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
IE*7¥I ' E *7 ¥ '. — ■■■ Fnou April 38. 1898. — "aemti
•C«O0a NUes. San" Jose and Way Station*. . . • 8:45 a
7:OO\ Benicia, Suisuu and Sacramento 10:45 a
7:O«a Marysville, OroTilleand Redding tU
Woodland ........................ 515 1 ! 3*3 *
7:OOa Vacavilie and Rumsey 8:45p
, 7:8« v Martinet, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*, „, _
I'alUt.'gti and Santo Rosa 5 ! 1 '
■ »:OOa Atlantic Kipress, Og.len and Kart.. 8:45p
MiUOa Nile*, San .lose, StockUlll, lone,
i Sacramento, . . Marynv'.Ue, Chico.
' Teharua Ke.l lUufT 4sl3i-
I ,«8:30a Peters. Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for Yoseniite) :...•...... ..:....-... • •7ll»P
»:OOa New Orleans Impress. Merced, l res-
i no. l>fiktrslit;ld Maiitu Itnrhara,
1 ;.(.« AiiKt-ien. Deining. Xl l'aso,
New tTiTwiii and Kaat Ci4»p
IO:UUa Vail- -i , Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
. »ItOOp Sacramento UiverSteainnH... *0:OOp
IsOOp Nile*. Han Jom aDd Way Stations.. »»:45a
....... Ban Jose, Niles and Way Stations. t»:I3A
£:OOpLivennore. Mendota, Uaiiford and
Vwalia...... 4:lSp
 IJTermore, San Jose, Nllee and Way
Sutions... i lo a *
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallejo.. l*«lsp
4iOOt- Martinez, Kan lUinon, Vallejo, ' • .
' N»)>i», OaHatogs, Xl Verauo and- -
* : .Santa Uosa »ils*
4tOOp Benicia. VacaTille. Woodland, • > ;.; v
■ . KuigUts Lauding. MarysTllle, Oro- -
Title and Sacramento 10:45 a
. - 4:8«r Niles. San Jos*, Tracy and Stockton .. 7«l*p
. 4:»«p StocktOD, Oakdalo, Merced l»iiap
4:aopOM»Ue and Lodi I»:I5P
4:3Ot> Lattirop, Modesto, Merced, Bersnda
(Raymond for Yosemite). Fresno,
Mi>jiv.-, Santa Barbara and l.us
- -/- An,(t;!e« ".... 7«45a
■ 4:SOp .Santa ~Vo Itoute. Atlantic Kxpres* -
fur MojaTß and East Bi43r
OiOO v lCnropeuu Mail. Ugden and ICast.... 9i4«4
. *0:OOp Vallejo **.•!»»
OKIOI' lUynardd. Nile* and Han .lose 7:45*
J7:oop Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
Uons J»t4!>r
8iO«r Oregon Hi |i| vm, fl*]«ll«iii>iita. Marys-
Title. Ttedding. rortland. Pnget
. Sonnil and Kast'. BllBA
' SAN LKANDKO AM) HAVWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
~~T ~ ~~ ~" ■ ■■■ "7 7:13 a ■
. 8:OOA Melr«»e, Seminary Park, 0 4 .**
IS:2»A Fltelibmrs, ElmhHrst, ii!«A
: <11:OOa Sun Leandro, South Sam la '*%*
tIS.»»M LeMd^EstndUlo, j'^t'p
: isVob'p }• Lores to, Cherry i «4«4»f
' 4:«©p ' ' <5545p
I ' 5:00p -»■"., ' 6:13p
! 7^p Ha/WHda. V£l*
7:««P »:4-1P
»=»<>*• i Runi through to Nilei. ■S'SS-
, tti »:OOP jtFrom Nl.es. [ tt i2^
!~ COAST DIVISION (Narrow (iimge).
■ (Foot of Market Street.) -■
17:45 a Santa Cruz Kxrursion, Santa Crux
■ ...-- •nd Principal Way Stations :»«»5r
. . B:lsa Newark, Centerrille.San Jose, Kelton,
■ Boulder Creek. San taCrui and Way
Stations .........:;.. ataor
| •«:15p Newark. Cectenrllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, el ton, Boulder Creek,
. . Santa Cruz and Principal Way *?
i 5tati0n5.:..*.........-'- »IOiBOa
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood* Way Stations 9:»0a
a4:lsp Boulder Creek and Santo Cruz. ..... JVi»Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSlK FRISCISCO— F«ot»«f Market Slre«l(SUp I)— >-"* ; v
. •7:15 . 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:M
' •1:03 • ' '■■ 15:00 •6:00f.m. •
froai OalUßO— r««t »r "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
I 412:00 *l:00-:t»:00 '3:00 tt:OO . *B:OQr.M.
! COAST DIVISION (Broad tiange).
! . (Third and Townsend Stj.) •
i *7:UOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
' Alinaden Wednesdays only) liSOf
i £7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
SanU Cruz, Pacific Grove and
1 ' ' Prindpal Way 5tati0n5.. ......':.... :§: S3?
! . 9:00 a Man Jose, Tres I'lnoa, .Santa Cruz,
l'acilic Grovu I'aso X ."■!>•«. Ban
l.vis oliif r<>. Giiadalui>e. Surf and
X;.Z«m- . l'rineli>al Way Stutioiis 4«loir
lO>4Oa Sau.loeeand Way Motions *BiOOa
: 11:30 a San Jose ami Way Stations »&:35j
1 •2:45 c Sau Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, . Han Jose, Gilroy,
Holliater, Santa Cruz, .Salinas,
• ■■'' » - Mouterey and I'.u'iiic Gr0re...... *lO:3S a
•»:»«! San Jose and Way Stations •»:«I»a
I '■■ «I:13r San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
I ' *5:O«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations' C:33a
San .lea.- and Principal Way Stations 5:»«»p
«::«<>!• San Jose and Way Stations 7t3»p
tll:l.li- San Jose and Way 5Uti0n5.. ....... ' 7;aof
. A (or Morning. - V for Afternoon. .
• Sundays exceptert. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only .
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibttrwo F«fTV, F«Ot «t Market St.
' * fa Ai\"FRAN CISCO TO SAN EAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; I*:M.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. 1:80.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. ' •
BUND ATS— B:IO, 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:18,
6:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and EchueUen Park
eama schedule as above. -
■: Leave i : ■ . Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
I April 23. . .
I Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- I Week
; Days. I days. Destination. days." | Day.
| 7:30 am 8.00 am Novato, - 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, ' 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 via Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
■ •".-"'■ r ' Fulton, " ■
7:30 am . Windsor, , 10:25 am
\ Healdsburg, . ;
:-*'■■ ': ' Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm 6:23 pa .
7:20 ami I Hopland and I ■ 10:25 am
8:30 pm|g:oo am j Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
, 7:30 am  . ' " 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm , 6:23 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
. . . , . f and
6:10 pm 3:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm .'
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| I 7:35 pm| 6:25 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
i Berville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Dunct-n Springs.
Highland Springs, , Kelseyvllle, New " Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
fide, Llerley's. Bucknell's. • Sanhedrin Height*.
Hullvllle. Boonevllle, Orr'B Hot Springs. Men-
: doclno City. Fort - Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday ■- to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rafts. . -
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all . points -' v
i beyond San Rafael ' at half rates.
Ticket Offices." 650 Market st.i Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
■ Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent. ■
fi^Lwweam^BW 8 'CALIFORNIA
; LIMITED.
: MIJWHHi SAN FRANCISCO
thTonly limited TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA by
ANY LINE,
•Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m. .
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
: Carries first-class passengers only, but . wltl»- .
out extra charge. '
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleep*™, Z\i, ' -••
i days to Chicago, 4^4 days to New York. ■
. , Trains - arrive and . depart from Market-street
t Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building.' Telephone Main 1520. - \
Oakland -- office, 1118 - Broadway. Sacramento \
I office, 201 J street. San ■ Jose, 7 West Santa
j Clara street. - ■ - . ' '
MOUNT, TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
I ; - . . : (Via Sausaiito: Ferry.) , ■ '•
- Leave San Francisco, . commencing May 1.
ISM : ■■■'• ". ■'■••■'■' :-'■" ■'-'■■ ■ -.•"•"- :: :'-' :^-iS
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. . - :
; : Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and :.
2:30 p. . m. ~ > Uj M \Wii P*iii ' l l i^''tWy l^|H|ig[riJZl.C'J~
• Round trip from Mill - ValUy, • rfrHwisSi^^Wß
THO3. COOK ,&. SON, Agents, 621;.* Market j--.
street, San Francisco.
910
LONG SHOTS
UNDER COVER
Still Coming the Favorites'
Way Over at Oakland
Traok.
Wheel of Fortune Beaten
Easily by Acrobatic
Argentina.
A Bad Start Caused the Defeat of
Can«oo-Toluca Has Lost None
of Her Speed.
One or two of the races at Oakland
yesterday wore . a cut-and-dried look
noticeably those taken by Argentina and
Rose Maid. However, the season is draw-
In" to a close and these pantomimic re
hearsals will have to be digested. The
favorites again shared most of the hon
ors short-priced ones in the betting es
caping with four "long ends." _
According to recent "dope" the Baldwin
mare Argentina II looked a "moral" for
the mile-aml-a-quarter selling run, for in
her previous essays she finished last on
two separate occasions. No doubt that
was the reason the mare was played
down from 6 to 4 to 1 to beat Wheel of
Fortune. The latter opened at even
money and receded to 8 to 5. The out-
Eider, Devil's Dream, led the bunch to the
stretch, where Argentina assumed the
front position and won easily in -:09.
Piggott came with a very tardy and ill
timed rush with the favorite, taking the
place from Devil's Dream. :
The sturdy Polish was pounds the best
of the eleven starters in the opening
seven-furlong run or he would never have
secured the long end of the purse. Sent
to the post a 2-to-l choice, Frawley got
him pocketed half a dozen times, but
finally extricated his mount in the run
home and won ridden out, a head before
the 10-to-l chance Hermanita, which must
have passed an evening at home, judg
ing by her improvement In speed. Peix
otto, heavily backed, was a good third.
A band of cheap ones lined up in the
five-and-a-half-furlong scramble, second
on the card. Rose Maid, with Thorpe in
the saddle, ruled a pronounced choice in
the betting and won all the way. En
trata took the place from Brown Prince.
Nick Hall's fast and game piece of rac
ing machinery, Canace, was a strong fa
vorite for the four-and-a-half-furlong
spin for two-year-olds, but was beaten
by the start. Ferguson permitted oods,
on the Burns & Waterhouse entry. Bane
wor, to beat the gate fully three lengths,
nnd the advantage thus gained allowed
her to beat the first choice a head.
The second four - and-a-half - furlong
sprint for members of the two-year-old
division proved an easy thing for Toluca.
The filly appeared for the first time in
the colors of Sam Hildreth. and. going
to the post a 7-to-10 favorite, caught Mag
dalenes in the stretch and downed the
flying daughter of Emperor of Norfolk as
feho pleasod. Bonibel finished a fair third.
In the final mile selling run Soscol closed
a slight favorite over Octuruck. After a
very tempestuous voyage McDonald, on
the first choice, managed to get out of
the numerous pockets he found himself
In and, in a mild drive at the end, led
Charlotte M out a neck.
TRACK NOTES.
The early run of "lobsters" has caused quite
a. boom In the bookmaklng market. Fifteen
dealers staked out prices yesterday, and a man
who never saw a horse race before in his life
marveled at the lack of speed shown by to
short a priced horse as OJai.
The win of Rose Maid furnished an oppor
tunity for Covington & Kent to draw down
their first purse of the season.
Any time that Dan Honlg wishes to dispo*'?
of the services of Jockey Miller the talent in
general will offer no objection. The bey's
handling of Caspar was a rare piece oi
stupidity.
If some Eastern man could get tin recipe
used on the Baldwin horses and a case or two
Of the soothing salve to be applied to the judges
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-164-th day of tho
U Winter Meeting. Thursday. May 12. 1898. Weather cloudy. Track
fast.
'eight- j
1035 Polish, 4 110 3
1035 Hermanita, 0 107 6
1030 PeLxotto, 5 Ill; 5
(1003) Joe Mussle, 4 110| 7
1030 Sport McAllister. 6.1 M; 2
1035 Twinkle Twink, 4..105| 8
1021 Musoero, £ 107 [ 9
(1037) Fortuna, 6 105, 1
(1f23) Zarm. 5 107,11
1023 Caspar. 4 HOllO
574 Distinction, 4 1051 *
1 h
5 2
8 1
7 3
4H
11
8 -2
9 1%
10 %■
6 h
2 hi
8 H
7 hi
1 h
« 2
2 lhi
11
5 h
9 h
10 h
8%
4 %
4 1
3%
2 1 .
6 2
1 h
10 1
5 hi
9 hi
11
7 X
8 2
4 3
3 h
1%
6 3
2 3
9 1
7%
8 1
11
10 1
6 1
1 h
2 2
8 3
4 hi
6 4
I?
7 2
8 2
9 3
10 1
11
Frawley
Plggott
Tubervllle ....
Thorpe
Enos
iEverson
i
5
8
8
10
20
15
8
6
8
6
2
10
7-2
8
20
50
30
12
10
8
20
Powell
McDonald ....
R. Narvaez...
1023
574
[Miller
Clawson
Time, 1:28««. Winner, Farrar & Tubervllle's b. h. by Bootblack-Peerless.
\V,.n first three driving.^
1045
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse, $300.
fcflling;
maiden
three-year-olds ;
1008 Rose Maid 107 1. ... Hi 1% ... 1* Thorpe .. t
759 Bntrata ...... 107 5 ... fi hi ; ) 4h ... 2 2 McDonald....
1008 Brown Prince 10316 ■.":..• 4n 32 ... 3 2 Clawson i
752 Savanarola .. ...107 7 ... 51 51- ... 4 3 Tompklns .... 1
1026 Rosa . .....112 !10 ... 2 2 It ... 5 M. Frawley <
1026 Sa^cy "Eves ... 10711 ... 12 % 8 > ... 6 h Stufflet ....... a
1008 Nlihau .' ..112 8 ... 11* Hi ... 7 2 Enos 1'
416 Be Happy 107 4 ... 6% 10% ... 8 1 Mooney 1
1602 Kitty Wake 107 9 ... 8h 6% ... 9 1 Ha Brown... 2
10«6 Pongo 117 2 ... 3h- 9 1 ... 10 2 Ruiz I
1026 Lonf Marie 112' 3 ... 9h 11 ... 11l McNlchols ... . i
1027 Fallen Princess 107112 ... 13 12 ' ... 12 2 Garrigan -:.... 3
1026 Ivan the Great 112 13 ... 14 14 ... 13 J. Mclntyre.. 1
1026 Idomenus 109 14 ... 10 13 14 Cole li
Time. 1:10 Winner, Covington & Kent's b. t. by Imp. St. Blaise-Mary Walton,
start. Won easily. Second and third driving. ■-.••■ ■-..'"
1
1
5
6
i
7
10
U
i 8
4
•
2
3
12
113
14
1 hi
'1 hi
4 n
5 1
2 2
12 %
11 hk
6%
8 h
3 h-
9 h
13
14
10 ■'
1 hi
4 h
3 2
6 11
2 L
8 >
- 7 ',4 ■
10 %
6 %
9 1 :
11
12
14
13
1 4
2 2
3 2
4 3
..5%
6 h
7 2
8 1
r 9 1
10 2
11 1
12 2
13
14
l norpe
McDonald
Clawson
Tompkins
Frawley
Stufflet
Enos
Mooney
3 11-5
6 6
3 9-2
10 30
6 12
20 40
10 30
15 7
20 60
8 7
5 10
30 100
10 30
15 40
3 11-5
6 6
3 9-2
[0 30
6 12
!0 40
10 30
15 7
10 60
8 7
5 10
10 100
L 0 30
15 40
Good
Hal Brown . . . |
Ruiz
MeN'iehols ...
Garrigan
ciniyre..
1046
THIRD RACES— Five
fillies : purse, $350.
1022 Banewor 100
1010 Canace 103
1020 Britomartls 95
M 7 Amoltopec 93
(1020) Ann Page 107|
OS Banewor 100 2 ... 13 lh 23 lh Woods 2 8
010 Canace 103 3 ... 3tt 2 3 11 2 4 McNichols ... 1 1
020 Britomartls 95 5 .!. *hi 4 8 Sh 3 4 Clawson 8 7
997 Amoltopec 95 4 ... 5 5 6 4 2 Miller 50 100
1020) Ann Page 107! 1 ... 21 3h 44 B Piggott 3 4
2
J
[t* .
1 3
Si •
4 %
5
2 1
1 h
2 3
4 8
E
3 h
2 3
11.
8 h
6
4 4
1 h
2 4
3 4
4 2
5
>oas
Nichols ...
iwson
Her
rgott !
Time, 1:02. Winner, Burns & Waierhouse's br. f. by Imp. Stromboli-Gufdon. Bad start.
Won first three driving.
1047
FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles; selling;
purse, $400.
991 Argentina, 5 ..:
(987) Wheel of Fortune.s.:
998 Devil's Dream, 4...
1023 Metalre, 5....
•1023 Wawona, a...
1029 Del Paso 11. 5......:
1035 Sweet Faverdale, 6.
■ 166 Lady Hurst. 4
3
5
6
1
2
4
2 hi
6 2
1 1*
4 h
6 1
7
3 1
8 1
6 2
1 IV4
4 h
6 1
7
2 h
2 b
5 h ■
11
ihi
61
7
3 1
"2 IV:--
6 1
11%
3 h
6 2
7
4 hi
2 8 13
4H 2 n
11 8 M
83 4 5
5 1 :6 10
7 6h
6 1 7
uonaiu ....
gott
38
Narvaez. . .
6
1
8
20
6
1.0
6
15
4
8-2
12
20
10
30
6
15
wson
N'lchols ...
ods
lITHT
•Left.
Time. 2:09. Winner, O. W. Baldwin's b. m. by Gano-Dolll* L. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving.
1048
FIFTH RACE— Four and a halt furlongs; i
; purse, $300.
(945) Toluca
901 Magdalenes
997 Bonlbel
1028 Rey Hooker
1034 Leo Vertner
1022 OJal
I<K!3 Zaccatoso
1
3
! 2
n
2 h
■ 11
3 1%
6 h
7
6 14
.4 h
2 1
1 Ihi
3 1
7
6 h
6 %
4 h
■ ■ 1 U4
2 3
'32
5 M
4 hi
61
1 3V4
52 3
3 3
4 1^
6 4
6 1
' • 7 -.
on
;hols ...
a
in
es
1 7-10
6 6
5 8
10 20
20 40
3 5
50 100
Time, :55%. Winner, S. C. HUdreth's eh. t. by Nomad-Sweet. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving^
1049
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
1031 Soseol. 3 :
720 Charlotte M, 3
1032 Florlmel. 4 1
1037 Navy Blue, 6 :
1025 Joe Levy, 3 !
1036 Mlstleton, 3 1
868 Estro, 3 >
v'Ji Ockturuck, 3 1
999 Monita, a :
1023 Rio Frlo, 3 !
1027 Tom Smith, 4 1
10S6 Magnus, 3 1
1037 Terra Archer, 6 ;
! 8 7 1 6 1 3 h ...
10 " 112 ■ 12 3 ' Bhi ...
|2 2 h 4 h 4 hi
J 1 .:.6 1 . 6hi ■ 6 n ...
4 3 h 3 h 6 "a •.'.- ...
12 - 12 h 11 his 9 1 ...
,7-. .10 % 9% , 7 »4.. ■
3.1h 2 2 2 1
6: : 13 10 : i 11 2
5 4 2 1 h ■■•■ 1 h
9 5 M 7 h 10 h v '••• 1
113 , 8 h 13>: :13 :.■ . ...
11 C.. 9 I-'. , 8 h 12 ...
; 1 n
2 h
3 hi
4 3
. 5 3:,
6 1
'•■■ 7 %',
8 3
9 hi
10
11--.
. 12
13 -■
|.u<:jL'u:iaia ....
lEnoe
R. Nan'atz...
Roulller
Ruiz
J. Mclntyre..
Cole
Clawson
2 2
v6v* v 10
20 30
20 • 30
20 23
6 8
10 rlO
3 11-5
12 - 20
10 8
20 •:-. 40
, 30 - 60
iso_^_6o
/on first
Piggott
Frawley
Tubervllle ....
IPowell
jMooney
:44. Winner, C. Spooner's eh. g. by St. Sarlour-Ella T. Good start.
tig.
after a race there should be a fortune In It for
him the coming season. •
Following are the weights for the Fablola
Handicap!
Batauma ....113 Morelltto ....... ...**» 6?
Ostler Jo« ......112 Rey del TVrra.. ..... 87
Judge Denny .......112 Twlnkler ...r. 92
Hiiekwa 106 Earl Cochran ....... 91
Bernardino ....106 0dd50m..... 91
Fonsovannah ....... .100 Red Olenni. 90
Orady 102 Recreation ........... 88
Wheel of Fortune... La Ooleta ..".......... 87
Cromwell :......100 Hurly Burly 87
Imp. Mistral H..... 100 Los Prietos . ..-.. So
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Eleven- sixteenths of a mile; sell-
Ing
898 Alvln B 11l 1013 P. :P. 104
1038 Red Spinner ...107 1013 Trappean 117
1035 Roy CarrutherslO4 998 Merry Boy ....111
1032 Blue Bell .....112 985 Torpedo ........111
1032 Celoso ....109 1027 Red Bird ......107
1038 Nervoso .......114 1029 Bobbins 104
(1032)Wenoma .......109 1026 K0K0.. ...... .107
1013 Loch Ness .....114
Second Five-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds.
1031 Amasa 109 753 Miss Remsen ..107
727 Fleming 109 310 Uncle True ...109
1043 Lady Ashley. 1043 Saticoy ........112
1031 Judge Napton.lo9 1031 Tiny P.. ...... .109
1019 Outlay .........112 927 Ping .. 112
1061 Oahu 102 <1049)8oscol 100
1007 Miss Dividend. 107 .... Moonbud 102
(937)1mp. Bitter Rt.112
Third One-naif mile; selling; maiden
two-year-olds.
1020 Crosßmollna ...135 .... Horton 118
1033 Stone L. .108 1033 Faversham ....111
1038 Martello .......111 1033 The Miller ->—
1010 Bl- ....10S 1033 Violence 115
1048 Zacatosa US 1015 Jennie Reid ...108
1033 Practice 108 1003 Uhler 11l
661 Racine MurphylOS 1003 Mallakwa 118
Osculation — 115
Fourth Seven-eighths of a mile; sell
"m 2 Elsmore 103 1011 Red Glenn t ....112
1030 San Mateo ....114 1043 Hurl- 8ur1y.. .100
1000 Morinel 105 1018 San Venado ...106
Fifth Race — mile; selling.
1042 Don Luis 88 (1040) La Goleta 101
1000 Thelma ....'....106 1042 Earl Cochran. .lll
1011 Daylight .......108 1049 Ockturuck ..... 85
1036 El Moro ....... 88 1027 Sea Spray .....105
I <103o)Rey del Tlerra.lo7 1030 Chappie 101
1021 Colonel Dan ... 91 1023 Veloz 101
[ 1040 Rebel Jack ... 91 1029 Charles A...... 10a i
1042 Robair 113
Sixth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sen
i inp
(1002) Emma Rey ...1051 1008 Ricardo .......121
1049 Magnus ..* 107 103S Senator MorrillH7
10T9Fo™ella 105 (1029)Flandes .. . . . . - 110
1043 Tempse 105 751 St. Distaff ....119
nnoMAnrona 105 705 Lee Kylo 107
101 ) Fly ....::.:.. -ml 1036 Imp MissionerllO
1026 Carbineer 110 891 Los Prietos . . . 107
1038 Mahogany 1141 '
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Loch Ness, Trappean, Alvin E.
Second Race - Bitter Root. Lady Ashley,
°Thlrd Race— Martello, Violence. Mallakwa.
Fourth Race-San Venado, Morinel. Hurly
B Fifth Race— Rey del TUrra, La Goleta, Rebel
Sixth Race-Imp. Missioner, Los Prletos,
Mahogany. :
FAST DOGS AND HABES.
An All-Age and Consolation Stake
Will Be Run at Ingleside Park.
The coursing at Ingleside this week la
confined to the hounds that have not won
third or better since November. The
number Is necessarily "limited. The dogs
are all crawling to the top notch. The
drawing took place at Delta Hall last
evening and resulted as follows: Rich
ard Julian's Signal vs. Ford &
Trink- T O. Dowd's Fashion Plate a. .
H Ca'ro's Fair Rosalind; J. Quane Cap
tain Morse vs. F. Moran's Van Kirk; O.
Wallace™ Fair View vs. R. E. Cochran's
Let Fly F. P. McQuinn's Decorator vs.
J Anthony's Tullermore; B. Dougherty s
Tessie Fair vs. Lynch & Maher's Dakota;
Pembroke kennel's Sylvanus vs. M. Mich
alik's Fireball; J. Cox's Port Costa vs
D. Ford's Black Swan; M. Michalik s Sir
Walter vs. F. Fantiman's Blue Bell; J.
Dean's Nelly Conroy vs. Richard Julian
Sweet Music; P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit
vs D. Ford's Bonita; P. Gorman King
ston vs. Brown & Luther's Van Nida;
J. Shehan's Lady Jane vs. E. J. Heney s
Harkaway; T. McHugh's Tlc-tac-too vs.
Larkev & Rock's Myrtle; J. J. Rowan's
Tom Bell vs. T. Gaffney's Sir John Ar
nott; Low & Thompson's High Born Lady
vs C Taylor's Winnie; Low & Thomp
son's Victor vs. Dillon & Rellly's Sunol;
Gray & Shatter's Snap vs. G. Reddy s
Bernlce; D. B. Roche's Pacific Queen vs.
T Jones' Do Me; J. M. Stillwell's Little
Dell vs. D. Shannon's Sinaloa; J. Byrnes
Nelly B vs. S. Hanson's L. S. Conley;
Larkey & Rock's Hercules vs. G. Ma
chado'~s Monitor; H. Caro's Promise Me
vs. F. Mack's Black Patti; J. Cox's Mis
sion Tip vs. Low & Thompson's Prince or
Fashion- Pembroke kennel's Wildflower,
vs M. Loftis' Lanky Bob; A. Johnston's
Tod Sloan vs. J. Dean's Gladiator.
The prizes will be $200, JIOO. $50 each to
the next two, $25 each to the next three,
$15 each to the next six and $5 each to the
next thirteen.
At the close of the running Saturday
a consolation stake for the losers will be
drawn on the grounds, to which will be
added $100, with the entrance at the usual
fee.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIPAT, MAY 13, 1898.
RACING CLOSES
AT NEWMARKET
Queen Fairy Takes the
Bedford Two- Year-
Old Plate.
First of a Field of Eight for a
Prize of Eight Hundred
Sovereigns.
Results of the Various Event* at the
Louisville and Morris Park
Tracks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 12.— At the last day's
racing of the Newmarket second
spring meeting to-day J. Wallace's
brown filly Queen. Fairy won the Bed
ford two-year-old plate of 800 sov
ereigns at five furlongs. Eight horses
ran.
LOUISVILLE, May Results:
First race, five furlongs— Splrltuelle
won, Chimura second, Syria third. Time,
'Second race, one mile— Frank Thompson
won, Forte second, Banished third. Time,
I*43\£ ■ ■
Third race, four furlongs, selling—
brian won, Flavius second. Hard Knot
third. Time, :50%. J , „„
Fourth race, seven furlongs, stake, JIAjo
— Uarda won, Ollie Dixon second, Eleanor
Helms third. Time, 1:31%.
Fifth race, one mile and -one-sixteenth,
selling— Paul Kauvar won, Kitty B sec
ond, Oxnard third. Time. 1:51.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling—
won, Southern Spy second, Ada Russell
third. Time. I:l7s*.
NEW YORK, May 12.— Results at
Morris Park:
First race, six furlongs— Baiter won,
Swiftmass second, Danforlh third. Time,
I I JS.
Second race, one mile, selling— Damien
won. Our Johnny second, High Hoe third.
Time, 1:36. .
Third race, five furlongs, selling— King
| dom won. Oration second. Counsellor
Wernberg third. Time, 1:04.
Fourth race, Toboggan handicap, six
| furlongs— Octagon won. Irish Reel sec-
I ond. Cleophus third. Time, 1:15*4-
Fifth race, four furlongs— Tender won,
Ornamental second, Lady Dorothy third.
Time, :50.
Sixth race, one mile— Huguenot
won, Storm King second. The Manxman
third. Time. 1:42%.
_——— —
NATIONAL LEAGUE GAMES.
Results of Baseball Contests in Cities
of tlie East.
CINCINNATI, May 12.— Reds won
both games by clean fielding and supe- ;
rior work on the bases. They also did j
some perfect bunting. Cross was put out
of the first game for yelling from the
bench. Attendance 3200. Score first game:
:R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 9 1
Bt. Louis 5 10 5
Batteries— Breltensteln and Peltz; Smith and
Clements. Umpires — Cushman and Heydler.
Second game:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati . 3 4 0
St. Louis 2 7 3
Batteries — Hawley and Vaughn; Daniels and
Sugden. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
CLEVELAND, May U.— The home team
! would have won on its hitting even if not
; assisted by Chicago's errors. The
slugging was terrific. Attendance 4000.
! Bcore: r. h. a
j Cleveland .13 15 * 3
Chicago 4 10 6
I Batteries— and O'Connor; Woods,
I Thornton and Chance. Umpires — Wood and
j Swartwood.
PITTSBURG. May 12.— Pittsburg lost
! the game in the second inning on errors.
! Both pitchers did good work. Only one
i hit was- made off Gardner after the third
: inning, and the hits off Cunningham were
made in three innings. Attendance 900.
Score:
R. H. E.
j Plttsburgr 2 4 1
Louisville ...:.. 3 5 1
Batteries— and Schriever; Cunning
ham and Wilson. McDonald and
O' Day.
WASHINGTON, May 12.— The Wash
ington-Philadelphia game was postponed
on account of wet grounds.
NEW YORK, May Seymour pitched
a masterly game for the New Yorks to
day, and as a' result the Brooklyna were
defeated on their own grounds. Attend
■ ance 3400. Score:
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 3 9 1
New York 6 10 ...1
Batteries — Dunn and Ryan; Seymour and
Grady. Umpires Lynch and Connolly.
BOSTON, May 12.— Bostons took
another game to-day through wretched
playing by the Baltimores. Attendance
4500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston .........r. ••«.•.••••••••••••••.... 15 13 3
Baltimore .....' 6 10 . 5
— Nichols and .Bergen; . Hughes and
Clarke. Umpires— Snyder and Curry. ;
TO FIGHT AT MABYSVILLE.
Stelzner and Van Buskirk Will Meet
To-Morrow Night.
MARYSVILLE. May 12.— Saturday
evening Theodore Van i3ii3k!rk, the as
piring young pugilistic giant, champion
of Nottharn California, and Juck Stelz- I
ncr of San Francisco, will meet in a
twenty round contest for a decision. As
the event is of great importance to the i
athletically Inclined of the northern sec- i
tion of the State a great gathering is ex- |
pected and an interesting contest Is pre- I
dieted. The programme for the evening
will consist of several preliminary events '
between well known local men. In order j
to accommodate the large number who '•
have reserved seats Manager Cockrill of '•■
the local athletic club, has had a large '
tent pitched in the outskirts of town
and has arranged for seating capacity
for 3000 people. y
Annie Siehe Is Missing.
Annie Slehe, aged 16 years, is among the
missing. Last evening she disappeared
from her home at 1311 Seventeenth street,
and her parents fear that some acident
has befallen her. She is described aa i
being rather tall, light complexioned and
wore a black cape with fur trimmings and ;
a straw hat.
The police have been asked to find her j
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W E Gilbert, Cal A P Dickinson Cal
A H Hart. NY J F Lane, New York
T Sanford, Vallejo G B McLeod. Hanford
A M Dallas. Cal L Meyers & w, Cal
G Eaton & w, Oakland L H Brlggs, Suisun
J Lyndon. San Jose Mr? G Hiwrlns. Cal
.T A Wetmorp, Cal Mies R Hlgglns. Cal
Mrs R Warren, Cal R J Carney, Dixon
J A McKenzie, Merced G A Watley, San Jose
Mrs R Harris, Merced iR Wylie, Napa
W H Bensall. Los Ang E H Wlnship, Napa
G Turner, Modesto R Raymond. Napa
S Levy. Visalla J P Swift, Marysvllle
W Hudson & tm, Cal D Lyons &w. Ballard
J W Murdock, Cal R T Jones, Chlco
R A Tallant, Hanford
BALDWIN HOTEL.
N Dibble, Cal |C H Poole, Boston
P Dlggs, Woodland G W Cook. Cincinnati
II H Dlggs, Woodland L F Smith, S Cru.4
W H Wharton. S Jose H J Cornell, Seattle
G L Bixley. Vallojo S L Town&v.orth &w,
P Dunavin. Vallejo S Joße
V Moore, Dawson E L Allen, N f
W M Ketcham, Chgo F M Gray, S Jo>»e
Mlas L Klench, Stktn I A Wlllnrd & w. Bost
Mrs F Walker, S Jose H H Scribner. Decoto
R Eckert & w. Cal A P Delannor, Pa
W J Daly, Cal J L Mathews, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Watts, Toronto J Maxwell, Vallejo
F Qrygla, Minn H P Lawrence, Colton
R Mclntosh, Sioux Cy W Wyatt. Clovls
W P Lynn. Phlla iW Lanigan, Riverside
H Hammett, Salinaa J H Creed. Pescadero
W C Hess, Jackson G Jerome, Cal
R S Henry, Cal B Mason, Detroit
J Sheeny, Cal AM Knight. Fresno
J O'Shaughnessy. Cal iE S Hunt, Michigan
T Klidea, Alameda iE Jarceri, N V
OPENED UP WITH
BOXING BOUTS
Inauguration of a New-
California Athletic
Club.
Gore and Grit and Howls of
Appreciation Aid in the
Success.
Hayes, Carroll and O'Meara Olvon
Decisions— Mulligan Gets »
DrMW.
"Hayes Is der winner," the referee said,
and howls of glee greeted the just de
cision.
It was at the California Athletic and
Swimming Club's flstic entertainment
that Mr. Hayes was crowned victor over
a stocky-built young lad named Meyers
after he had laid him low with v stiff left
on the point. There were other fights,
but Hayes' victory aroused the most en
thusiasm.
The Callfornlas celebrated their open
ing with four six-round contests, and 700
representatives from every portion of the
city traveled to the clubrooms at 1106
Golden Gate avenue and helped fill the
badly ventilated arena with cigarette
smoke and lusty shouts. The gathering
was an orderly one and was there to see
gore, and it was not disappointed.
Master of Ceremonies Johnson intro
duced Meyer and Hayes as the first con
testants in the first bout, and it proved a
"Corker" while it lasted. Meyer opened
up fast, and in the first halt of the round
had Hayes dizzy. The latter gained a
little time by long-distance sparring, and
then, seeing a good opening, sprang in
with a straight left, which he used to ad
vantage, completely turning the tables. In
the second round Meyer tried to even
things by fast work, but the deadly left
was again put in operation, and he was
knocked to the floor. He arose, and
pluckily hammered his man, but was
hammered in turn. Exhaustion got the
better of the two, and they stayed off to
"mend bellows." Hayes started the ball
rolling with a left swing on Meyer's jaw,
and, following up his advantage, got the
decision by knocking his man to the
canvas.
JJahl and Carroll furnished entertain
ment in the next bout. The boys were
willing and for six rounds spilled each
other's gore, made wild swings, clinched,
had each other groggy in turn and in fart
put up a gritty exhibition. Carroll was
awarded the decision, having done the
most leading. More howls.
McGinniss was a chopping block for
O'Meara, and at the end of the fifth round
the latter was awarded the decision.
"Me," although having one eye closed
and suffering other contusions, disgusted
ly kicked at the untimely interruption.
O'Meara proved a stiff puncher and Mc-
Ginniss a gritty recipient. O'Meara was
Justly declared the winner.
The last bout of the evening furnished
food for reflection and some warm fight
ing. Charley Kochette was slated to
meet "Kid" Carson, but the latter did not
appear to carry out the programme. Some
were unkind enough to say that he had
cold feet, but his substitute was a worthy
one. He was red-headed and his name was
Mulligan. Besides possessing red hair,
Mr. Mulligan had a shifty left and right
which Rochette found to his sorrow be
fore many rounds. Rochette looked big
ger and was more experienced, but the
lad from the Mission showed grit and
punching powers. He not only stayed
with Rochette the whole distance, but
gained a draw after six rounds of hard
pummeling. The decision gave universal
satisf action. Rochette gained no friends
during the bout, as he resorted to foul
tactics in his anger.
Other friendly bouts were furnished by
Schuler and Perry, Sullivan and O'Con
nor, Schroeder and O'Brien, Toy and An
derson, and Flynn and little. Mr. Kelly
sang and Professor Richard Walsh played
a few musical instruments.
The club has lately been organized, with
the following officers:
President, L. G. Pullen; vice-president,
H. D. Hill; manager, R. G. Price; treas
urer. A. I. O'Brien; financial secretary,
F. Burnette; recording secretary, S. J.
Hart; captain, R. B. Cornell; assistant
captain, O. C. Schulte.
Board of directors— R. G. Price, R. B.
Cornell. A. Chase, A. English, A. I.
O'Brien, C. H. Johnson. William Black
burn.
Instructors— Charles Rochette, H. F.
Fllnn, R. B. Cornell; timekeeper, H. H.
Hill.
GREAT COURSING PROMISED.
Remarkably Large Entry for the
Union Park Meeting Saturday.
The largest gathering of dogs ever rep
resented on a coursing field wiH appear
on Saturday next at Union Coursing
Park. Sixty-four old dogs and twenty
four youngsters have been entered for
this great meeting. The prizes amount
to 1950. Which In Itself is evidence suffi
cient that coursing is fast becoming the
great outdoor sport in this State. The
following are the entries:
All-age stake— Dr. A. J. Baldwin's Benn Loss
vs. R. E. >le Lopez" Camilla; J. Goldman's
Sarcastic vs. J. Connell's Senorita; R. B.
Kav's Diana vs. J. McNeil's Sportsman; M
Nealon's Van Knapp vs. J. H. Harrison's Het
tie M; E. V. Sullivan's False Flatterer vs. D.
Kane's Spry; H. O'Donnell's Elma G vs. Derby
Kennel's Fleeting Fancy; J. Monkhouse s Black
Pete vs G Smart's Silkwood; Deckelman &
Panerio's Glenroy vs. Simmons & Donahue's
Moors Prescription; A. Johnson's Lissack vs.
E Campbell's Bend Along; Curtis & Son s
Maud S vs. R. C. Scott's Mystery; N. Hattuas
Correct vs. F. McComb's Olien; D. J. Healey's
Rusty Col«« \s. E. Scott's Lord Byron; E. V.
Sullivan's Mercy May vs. A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beauty; Pierce & Sullivan's Little Dott c
vs R E de Lopez' Winona; William Murphy s
Dottie Dimple vs. J. J. Edmond's Move On;
C Strehl's Skylark vs. D. L. Desemoin's
Buckwa: R. B. Kay's Crosspatch vs. J. McCor
mlck's Black Prince; J. McCormick s \\hlte
Lily vs E. V. Sullivan's Flying Buck; Curtis
& Son's Lady Campbell vs. E. V. Sullivane
Mlra Monte; E. Jones' Gaslight vs. P. Llre
han's Ensinal; R. B. Kays Eclipse vs. T.
Haves 1 C'.ilnuita: R. E. Lopez' Green » alljy
Maid vs. F. Herring's Susie; S. E. Portal s
At Last vs. Curtis & Son's Chartist; R. E. de
Lopez' Minneapolis vs. Pasha Kennel s Ray
Alronso; Thomas Birmingham's AJax vs.
Pasha Kennels Arapahoe; Pierce & Sullivan s
Jersey Maid vs. P. Brophy's Benlcta Boy; J.
Seßeerson's White Chief vs. J. Kerrigan s St.
Lawrence; F. P. Courtney's The Turk vs. J.
Shea's Firenzl; Al Austin's Glenßtone vs. S.
E Portal's Luurelwood: E. V. Sullvan s Jessie
Moore vs. E. V. Sullivan's Jester, Curtis &
Son's McKinley vs. Derby Kennel's Little Dar
ret; Pasha Kennel's Metallic vs. J. F. Rod
gers' Perclta Girl.
Puppy stake— Larkey & Rock s Liberty Bell
vs E J. Healey's Pastime; Larkey & Rock*
Minerva vs. .T Perrlgo's Belle Seward; E. V.
Sullivan's Snap Shot vs. J. F. Wehmeyer'sSun
beam; E. V. Sullivan's Fox Kenny vs. J. F.
Wehmeyer's One Spot; E. V. Bullivan's Golden
Russet vs. O. H. Hoa«'s Obadlah; Pasha
Krnnel's Rich and Artless vs. E. V. Sullivan' s
Fly Away; Cronin & McDonald's Thornhlll vs.
L. W. Smith's Crusada; E. V. Sullivan's Flash
vs E. V. Su(l. van's Flying Faster; D. Dough
erty's Palmer Hill vs. J. McCormlcks White
Wings; Holms & Shllhling's Scarf Pin vs.
Pasha Kennel's Right Act; J. J- Edmond's
Morning Gkry vs. J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass;
Deckelmnn & Panerlo's Royal Oak vs. B. & S.
Kennel's Bad Shot.
EXPEBTS AT BASKET-BALL.
Championship Game Between the
Portland and San Francisco
Players.
Athletes interested in basket-ball will
witness, a treat this evening in the gym
nasium of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, corner of Mason and Ellis
streets, when the local champions will
meet the champions of Portland, Or., in
the first game of a series to be played in
this city.
The Portland players are very proficient
in the game and are sanguine of carry
ing off the laurels, notwithstanding the
fact that they were defeated by the
Business Men's team in their own city
last year. The invading team is com
posed of Joshua Viggars, captain; James
Miller, center; Len Meyers, right guard;
Otto Stark, forward and guard; J. R. Mc-
Monies left guard, and M. Bingler.
The local team is composed of Louis
Titus, C. J. Auger, F. M. Goodrich, W.
W. Wilson. C. Bernhard and J. Batzer.
Game will be called promptly at 8 o'clock.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
867 Hayes street; open until 8:30 o'clooK.
621 McAllister street; open until »:30 o clooK.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o clods.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock. .
106 Eleventh street: open until » o clocit
2528 Mission street; open until 9 o c.ocK.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Nff. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M., 121 •
Eddy St.— Officers and members are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our
late brother. ALEXANDER WIL- '▼ A
LIAM PROBERT of Chandler Lodga No. 227,
F. and A. M., Reading, I'a. THIS DAY
(Friday) at 1 o'clock p. m. Master Masons
are lnvjted to attend. By order of
THOMAS L. HILL, W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
FAIRMOUNT Lodge No. 108, K. of »r
P.— Mission Masonic Hall. 2668 Mis- ». T^ •
. : slon st. Third degree Jong form oN{N&*
THIS EVENING. By order -ggyS*
MARK LANE, C. C.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Market
St.. San Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY the
23d day of May, IS9B, at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Tranfer books will
close on Friday, May 13, IS9S, at 2 p m
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco. CaX
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address Jn the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery et.. room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MME. H-INSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st., room 11.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 147 Powell «t.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. 865V4 Market Bt., rooms 9 and 11.
ALVIXE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15V4 Turk and 1118. Market, rms. 15-16.
FANNIE DA.VIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10, second floor front.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1113 Market gt.. rm. 8.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 5.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 55 (fifty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market st.. on and
after Friday. May 20, IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, May 14, 1898, at 12
o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS refined German Infant's nurse
desires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country; good seamstress. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best reference. MISB CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT Swedish woman with a girl 6
years desires situation; $10; reference; city
or country; Sood cook. MISS CULLEN, 325
• Butter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter «t.
SWEDISH flrst-flass laundress wishes situa-
tion. Apply MRS. NORTON. Swedish and
German Employment Bureau, 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and houseworker; city or country; $10 to $12.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
NEAT German housfgirl; good cook and house-
worker: $1S to $20. city or country- MRS.
NORTON, 323 Putter St.
2 FIRST-CLASS family cooks, best of refer-
ences, await positions at C. R. HANSEN &
CO. f S. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN, also Swedish cook, desire situations;
host of references. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do
cooking and downstairs work or general
housework. 513 McAllister st.
DRESSMAKKR wishes work by the day or at
home: terms reasonable. *62 Howard st.
GOOD woman wishes chamberwork; good
seamstress; take care of children; wages
moderate. A. A., box 5. Call.
YOUNG woman from the East wishes situa-
tion as housekeeper, companion or gov-
erness; no, objection to country; references.
A. D., box 14. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY woman will do housework;
fine cook and laundress, or any kind of work;
wages $15 to $20. 79 Jessie St., between First
and Second.
OMPETENT woman (widow) wants a posi-
tion as housekeeper or with small family;
flrst-class help; no postals. S. M., box 05,
Call Office.
AMERICAN woman wants to do upstairs work
and sewing or take care of child; no objec-
tion to the country; good city reference. 245
Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS competent Swedish girl from
the East wishes situation to do housework;
wages $25. Call or address 107 South Park.
WANTED— Young lady Just from the East de-
sires respectable situation. Call between 9
a. m. and ♦ p. m. at 242 Natoma st.
POSITION wanted as cook in private family;
wages $25; no wash. Call 2200 Point Lobos aye.
POSITION wanted as cook in private family;
wages $25; best references. Call 1205 Laguna.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work; good cook; city or country. 10 Stock-
ton place, between Post and Sutter sts.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man good
cook; wife general housework, sewing; refer-
ences. 8. X.. 1307 Larkin st.
WOMAN wants to do general housework; city
or country': small wages. 737 Howard st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
general housework or cooking in small Ameri-
can family; wages $20. Apply 1120 Mission st.
COMPETENT and refined German girl wishes
to take care of child; do upstairs work and
sewing. C. 8.. box 54. Call.
GOOD seamstress and dressmaker wants work
In German families by day or week. 540
Gough st.
FRENCH laundress wants work by the day;
city or Oakland. Call or address L.. V., 1358
Seventeenth St., Oakland.
YOUNG girl wishes to do light housework;
also to learn to speak English. Address H.,
Call branch office, 2526 Mission st.
COMPETENT mi- lie-aged refined lady desire*
position as seamstress; can bring machine;
also willing to do light housework; moderate.
Box 2390, Call office
WOMAN with a child wishes place as cook;
wages $10; city or country. Box 2193, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation in
city or country; good cook and laundress;
wishes work right away. 737 Howard St., r 14.
EASTERN young lady of refinement wishes
position as companion or private secretary;
would travel. J. E. MORRIS, Golden Gate
Alameda County, Cal.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harrl-
son ft.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FARM hands, dairymen, blacksmiths, team-
sters, miners, mill men, laborers, etc., sup-
plied promptly free of charge. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay at.
_ .. — __
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 1 * O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
SITUATION as porter or man about place;
good references. Address W. A., box 08, CaU.
ANY gentleman who wants the services of a
first-class coachman, understands gardening,
can milk, has 8 years' best references, please
address JOHN H. WARD, 661 Howard st.
PARTIES going to leave city for some time
and wishing reliable man and wife to care
for premises, address W. 8., box 13, Call
office; best of references.
COMPETENT provision and grocer}" salesman
in town or on the road; references; salary
what he proves worth to employers. Address
8., 826 Castro St., Oakland.
WANTED— By an experienced young man, *
position as coachman and gardener; beet of
references. W. M., box 20, Call office.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Contlnned.
years of age position a*
hotel clerk or bartender, six years experience.
Call or address J. 8., 23* Sixth at., or W. 8.,
box 05 this office.
MlLKTwagon driver wishes situation; can fur-
nish good recommendation ; 3 years in last
place; drive double or single. W. 8., box 09,
Call office.
GOOD German cook and manager wishes place
as housekeeper or cook for a club of men;
country or mining camp. Address A. A., box
05. Call office. ■-'* ' •
BARKEEPER wants position; city or country.
Address box 3201. Call Office. __
JAPANESE couple want situations; man good
cook; wife any kind of work; good refer-
ences. Address J. J., room 46, Park Hotel,
cor. Park st. and Enclnal aye., Alameda.
YVXJNG man. a first-class waiter and oyster-
man, would like to get charge of oyster ana
chop house night 3; 5 years last place; some
country town preferred. J. M., 406 Stevenßon.
WANTED— By middle-aged man, to work
around place; understands care of horses and
garden work; good reference. J. M., box 2-,
Call office. '
YOUNG man wishes employment as assistant
bookkeeper, clerk or collector; experience as
bookkeeper; best of references. Box 2218, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, experienced in office manage-
ment and foreign exchanges, desires employ-
ment. Address box 60, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands
horses, cows, garden; reference. Address
214 Third St., room 87; state the wages.
SITUATION wanted by a thorough dry goods
salesman; no objection to leaving city. Ad-
dress W. H. ( box 05, Call office.
MAN well experienced in hotel .and lodging
house work wishes a situation; references
given. Address box 9949, Call.
WANTED, by a steady, reliable man, situa-
tion at any kind of employment; indoors or
out. A— >ly F. H. GREENFIELD. 220 Third
St.. room 31; call between 3 and 5 p. m.
WANTED by a man of middle age. to take
care of horses and garden; can milk and Is
a first-class driver; best of city reference.
Address box 2391, Call Office.
STABLEMAN, married, good all-round man.
steady and reliable, wants position; long ex-
perience; 5 years last place; city preferred.
Box 2150, Call Office.
GERMAN for years foreman In vineyards and
wineries wishes situation. Address 101 O Far-
rell st.
FIRST-CLASS wheelwright wishes position;
steady; references. Room 16. Golden _-agle
Hotel, corner Montgomery and Broadway.
YOUNG man wants position in wholesale
house; anything; not afraid of work. Ad-
dress 223 Mason St., room 6.
EXPERIENCED, strong Japanese will j So work
by the day. hour or contract. Address FRED
KODA, 409H O'Farrell st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want adj__aj_n___________ |
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
COOK. $30; 3 houseg'.rls. »25 each.; second girl.
$20- waitress, $20; nurse. $20, 1 child. ittKb.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
HOUSEGIRL. 2 In family, $20;' $15,
country. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress and seamstress. $25.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, ranch. *20: boarding-
house cook, $25. country; young girl, $10.
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN nursery' governess; country; »25.
MRS. LAMBERT, 41" Powell st.
S YOUNG German cooks; $30 and $25. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
GERMAN nurseglrl. child l2 years, ♦15; »
fcr housework, $15 and $25. MRS. LAMBERT..
417 Powell Ft.
WOMAN with a child, $18; country. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, $6 week; cook,
small restaurant. $25 and room; chamber-
maid and wait, $20; 2 fancy ironers, $25 and
found; 2 ironers. north, free fare, $30 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN second girl, Alameda, $20; second
girl city $20; Swedish cook, $25; house girl,
small family. $20; 20 girls this morning for
city and country places, $20 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED hand on mattress covers, $6
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
25 YOUNG women for machine work and but-
tonholes; can average $1 a day or more if
competent. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Gear)'.
KURSK, 1 child, $20; cook, San Joee. $20;
Alameda, $25; Oakland, $20; 12 housework
girls city and country. $20 and $25; S young
firls. assist, $10 to $10. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. -
REFINED middle-aged woman as working
housekeeper. $15; see party here. MISS CUL- |
LEN, 325 Sutter st. I
NEAT~young girl, light work, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORErTseeond girl, $20; 2 Protestant cooks.
American families, $25 and $30; 2 German and
Scandinavian second girls. $20; nurse. 1 child.
$2'i; German or Scandinavian laundress, $2o;
mother and daughter or J-friends as cook and
second girl; chambermaid, plain washing,
small hotel, $15: restaurant cook, $8 week; a
waitresses, hotels, etc.. $20, $6 week; and
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
316 Sutter st. '_
FOREWOMAN for hotel laundry, understand-
ing machinery, bleaching, marking and man-
gle; $40 per month at start. 1023 Market st.
CHAMBERMAIDS, city hotel; .aundry marker,
capable of taking charge. 1023 Market st.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30. at
once. 1023 Market st.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper, experienced,
California references; 5 chambermaids. 1023
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS city hotel In need of first-class
waitresses. 313 Bush st.
3 LADY office managers; laundry forelady,
$40; cashier. 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion; lady cashier, broker's
office; department store cashier. 313 Bush 3t.
WAITRESS country hotel; second girl and
waitress, private family, city. $20; housework
girls. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
NURSE for child I year old, $20; second girl,
must wait, $20. 631 Larkln st.
GIRL for general housework; family of 6
grown people; $4 week; sleep home; live near
Tenth and Market sts. Box 88, Call Branch
Office. 357 Hayes st.
WANTED— A Swedish or German girl for gen-
eral housework. Apply to C. J. McGLYNN,
ISCO Golden Gate aye.
MIDDLE-AGED couple will give good home to
girl about 12: orphan preferred. Address A.,
box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper: state experience and
salary expected. Address W. F., box 05, Call.
YOUNG girl for general housework; wages $15;
references. Apply 615 Baker st.
WANTED — First-class woman cook. Call at
656 Geary st. (restaurant.)
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wanted. Address
Artist, box 24, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced pants and coat oper-
ators. 223 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress.
Address W. H.. box 92, Call office.
WOMAN wanted to work In kitchen. 13 Polk.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats;
steady; good pay. 516 Jessie st.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. Apply
604 Jessie St.
NEAT young girl for second work and wait-
ing on table. Apply, bet. 9 and 11, 2111 Jack-
son st.
Al FINISHERS on cloaks. DAVIDSON &
MILLER. 731 Market st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for light house-
work. 1532 Jones st.
GOOD finishers wanted on pants; good wages.
2."f, Stevenson St.
WANTED — Refined elderly woman, thorough
housekeeper; good home for right person.
Call or address MRS. SIDES. Vallejo, Cal.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework at
731 Green st. near Mason.
GOOD k G«rman cook wanted. 1721 Van Ness
aye.. Clay st.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1118 Market
st. ; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
.in 1 NTH. 167— Branch Office of The Call; «üb-
pcriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTBD-MALB.
FIRST-CLASS furniture man who understands
carpets: leading hotel. 1023 Market st.
GARDENER; man and wife, on ranch; butter
maker; 2 stout porters. 1023 Market st.
CLOTHING salesman; card writer; 3 waiters.
$40. 1023 Market st.
A— MANAGING partner cash business, Los
Angeles: $500 required; $100 per month; no
previous experience. Address Confidential,
31S_Bush st.
DEPARTMENT store watchman, single: 2
Janitors, married; day hotel clerk. 313 Bush.
WANTED— Graders for country Job. $1 75 per
day. Call at 31S Bush St., bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
SECOND cook, country, near by, |30. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
H—_P WANTED— Continued.
look^heSeTwanted at once
60 laborers
Charge wheelers laborers, furnace laborers,
yard laborers, feed helpers laborers, cal-
cenatlon laborers; "no experience required";
for the great mines and smelters of a large
syndicate.
WAGES
$1 60, $1 85, $2 10, $2 50
per day ■
Board will cost $15 per month.
S. P. R. R. Company has given us reduced
rates of fare to the works.
WE ALSO WANT
25 COOKS
For different city and country hotels in Cali-
fornia and Nevada States; also several
blacksmiths and wheelwrights; also we hava
several hundred other places In San Fran-
cisco and every othe town and hamlet ia
California.
Unemployed —
If you want work come and see
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.. San Francisco, Cal.
P. S.— Employers of help, if you want first-
class help please send your orders to MUR-
RAY & READY; they will select and send
you the best help "free ot charge"; telephone
Main 6848.
A— HARNESS-MAKER. $35 and found, rail-
road camp, free fare: 20 farmhands, $20 and
$15; 5 chore boys and men for ranches. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2o WOODCHOPPERS. $1 50, $1 25 and $1
cord; 26 tiemakers, Be, 9c. 10c each; 56 labor-
ers, city and country jobs. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED nurse for a private hospital,
$30 and found; call early. C. R. HANSEN <9s
CO., 104 Geary st.
BUTLER, with California references, $40. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 1/4 Geary st.
GARDENER for a country hotel, $25 and
found: foreman for a ranch, $30 and found;
wheelwright. $35 and found. C. R. HANSE.V
& CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH second cook, country hotel. $75;
French potwasher, $30. C. R. HANSEN _s
CO.. 104 Geary st.
FRENCH chef, country hotel, $90. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WASHER, country hotel. $40 and found;
mangier, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— American farmer and wife, $C 0;
milk wagon driver, $20; 10 laborers. $1 75;
man about place, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 butlers. $30 and found; third
cook, $9 a week; second cook, no Sunday
work, $7 week; hotel cook, country. $40 to $45.
see boss here: waiters and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Butler, $40; 2 waiters, small coun-
try place, $20; cook, small boarding house,
south, 10 boarders, $30; second cook, $35; sec-
ond cook, country, $30; 2 dishwashers. $15 and
$3u; Ironer and polisher, country laundry, $3^:
boy for laundry, $10; etc. ANDRE'S, 318
Stockton st.
MAX about place, $15; pantryman. $16 and
room; cook, $60; 2 waiters, $25; coal miners,
$2 50 a day. R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and
61ft Clay st.
WANTED— A man to go to Alaska: I will pay
fare by the way of St. Michael and the Yukon
River and grub stake him 16 months; $50 re-
quired; ship sails about May 2Q. • Box 9999,
Call office.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, eto. ; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
WANTED — For steamer on Yukon, 1 captain,
2 mates, 6 laborers; applicants must take in-
terest in stock. CAPT. SORENSEN. 36 East.
WANTED— Experienced pants and coat oper-
ators. 223 Putter St.
BOY that has worked in blacksmith shop to
help blacksmith. 1161 Howard st.
WANTED— Dishwasher, restaurant. 200 Turk
street.
GOOD barber for Saturday; wages $3. 2083
Mission st.
WANTED— Barber with 1 or 2 years" experl-
i ence. 1661^ Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS tailors on ladies' suits. A.
KAHN. 141 Geary st.
BOY who lives in Mission to drive butcher
wagon. 2707 Howard St.. near Twenty-third.
SOLICITOR wanted: good proposition to right
man; investigate this. Box 64, Call Office.
WANTED — Good man to represent Boston
woolen mills. Call 920 Broadway, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. 15 Stockton st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 20 years, who are citizens of th»
United Stntes, or those who have leg-ally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and abl» to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office 20 Ellis st.. San Franpisco, Cal.
WANTED — Middle-aged man for office work;
must freely converse in German and English;
to the right man a fortune; must have $200
or $300 cash; no others need apply; no agent-
Address box 5565, Call Office.
STEADY man to keep plain accounts and as-
sist generally in commission business; must
have $150 cash and be satisfied with $1S
weekly. Sl7 Market st., room 2.
WANTED— A good cook. Manhattan House,
82.1 Battery St.
WANTED — Experienced drummer to sell new
article tn the provision line; $5 a day or com-
mission. Address, with particulars, box 2194,
Call Office.
SOLICITOR o wagon for dyeing and renovat-
ing. Emporium Renovating Co., 109 Eddy st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 628.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 ft Mission:
men to take rooms: 10c. 15c .»nd 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price: half-soling, 35c 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 13SM: Eighth st.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, f Our Country' In War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses. Maine disas-
ter Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations: nearly GOO pages; all written
since Maine disaster: magnificent colored Il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per .lay;
no experience necepsjiry: most liberal terms
guarantee.!: 20 days' credit: price low: freight
paid; handsome outfit free: send 9 2-cent
stamps to pay postage. Educational Union.
324 Dearborn St., Chicago.
LADIES and gentlemen to solicit for the Co-
operative Sick Aid Society. Apply at room
20, 21 Powell st.. bet. 1 and 4 p. m.
SPAIN will be beaten, but not so our offer to
agents- terms and sample 12c Box 106, Sta-
tlon K. Los Angeles, Cal. __^^
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted to represent
Scribner's Magazine: a splendid opportunity
to make money. Call or write Scribner's.
119-121 Phelan building. San Francisco.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS^
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
Clothing bought. Add. COT.KMAN. 41 Third.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction:
teeth, per set, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up; sil-
ver, 25c up; old plates made over, $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLFM HILL 1443 Market st.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL, 551 Sutter; crowns, $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-807.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. D*. B- &
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.BUSINESS CHANCES,
$4500— GOOD-PAYING business", clearing" from
$*i 0 to {MO per n.ontn; fullest investigation
invited: owner leaving city cause of sale.
McLAI OHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$350— RESTAURANT; receipts $30 daily must
be sold Immediately. Mclaughlin & Co
23 Kearny st. '
it >T< i<3 -APHIC business in prosperous
country towr bargain; on account of sick-
::•- * >!■ L.-VUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$400— COFFEE and chop house with branch
bakery; bargain: owner going north. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny St.
LLOON; best business part of the city;
established So years; disagreement of part-
ners. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
OUNTRY. store, saloon and dwellinß;
hall In second story; large lot; worth $2000;
no opposition ; satisfactory reasons for Bell-
ing. Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny st.
5. SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages. 7 lots; Half price; owner compelled
to go Bast. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Keary st.
JALOON; lirst-class business; close co
• Fhelan building; a bargain. See WILKE,
783 Market St.
A— s3so; RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
transfer corner: gv>od business; cheap reait.
WILKE. HB Market st.
I < B Vi'H b use, with 10 bath tubs; 8 fur-
nished rooms; rent H2; close to Kearny St.;
kept by owner tor years; a first-class busi-
ness opening for the right party. WILKE.
7:>3 Market st.
A.— 1600; restaurant; 1 block from cor. Fourth
and Market sts ; average daily receipts J4o;
le«t class of cust mere; disagreement between
p;u-tneis caUM Of Bale. WILKE, 753 Market.
A— mOO— RARE chance for investment; first-
class saloon; dose to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up; clearing above $250 per month; con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice; important business calling owner south.
Particulars, WILKE, 7^3 Market st.
$400— RESTAURANT; tew doon north of Mar-
ket St.; old established; receipts (M to $30 per
day; a. money-making place. M. LESS, .60
Market st.
$600— CIGAR store; right in wholesale district;
doing large business; selling at great sacri-
fice; don't miss this chance, rent cheap. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
; RESTAURANT; north of Market St.;
meals 25c and up; must be 6old at once;
owner has Joined the volunteers and must
leave at once; best chance in the city. M.
LESS, 765 Market Bt. I
jlsoo — CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bath in Western Addition; established 'M
years: big l>a.r trade; well worth »26OO; selling
on account of sickness. M. LESS i: CO., 765
Market st.
'ORNER grocery and bar in the Mission;
6 living rooms; proprietor owns building j
cheap rent; long lease. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market st.
FOR sale— A well-establish>-J corner saloon;
well stocked; on principal street south of
Market: price $1100; Investigate; no agents;
S yrs. in same place. H. M.. box 818, Call.
NOTlCE— Business of all kinds bought and
sold quick for cash. Call MV4 Third st.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; 3 living
24 i Third st.
s; must be sold: owner
leaving city; offer wanted. Apply 24 X 2 Third.
I IFFEB and chi p b use; pays well; oppo-
: -Tries; offer wanted. Apply 24Vj Third.
J " SALOON :ir.e living rooms; paj-B well;
must sell account s.ckness. Apply 24^ 3d st.
BARBER wanted to buy 2 revolving chairs;
IDE Mission st.
THE REYNOLDS CO.
403 EXAMINER BUILDING.
EBSFUL BROKERS
OF INSURANCE.
BUSINESSES
IND PARTNERSHIPS NEGOTIATED.
A.— |BOO— CORNER grocery ana bar. without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$2^i — Partner wanted; commission business.
Saloon; old-established; good corner.
and otrter bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
A RARE chance for Investment In Oakland;
first-class restaurant for sale, clearing J250
per month; same owners S years; positively
no opposition near; place located on (unction
of best two streets; cheap rent; reason for
selling, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WTTRTB, 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
DRY goods store for sale at Santa Cruz, Cal.;
small stock, nicely assorted: no old stock; at
a bargain; good reasons for selling. Ad-
dress The Call.
FOR SALE— Established dairy depot doing a j
good business: also small butter and egg i
r"ui^ U" desired; low rent. Address W., box
ill i>.'fice.
FI.N'K cigar store to let or for sale; good loca-
Mount Shasta Saloon. 53 McAllister st.,
near City Hail; must be sold to-day.
PROMINENT plumbing bustnesa for sale; «i-
tabllshed 12 years on principal business
street; price asked is all In stock; goutl
reason for selling. Box 1712, Call Office.
FOR sale— Half interest in soda-waUT busi-
ness at inventory pirice: 10 per cent oft to
the right man. JAS. I. BLIVEN, 153 New
Montgomery st.
FOR sale — Restaurant- bargain; receipts $40 to
er day; rent t22 r,n; must sell; disagree-
ment of partners; a chance of a lifetime. 207
Second st.
: OR half interest in old-established real
- anil business exchange; extra induce-
ment E. P.. box 3, Call Office.
WANTED — To buy grocery and bar, notion
re, for cash; must be a
bargain. Box 2282. Call.
F<'R SALE Call route at ?.-ir! Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at * 'all busim i- L.
r. MERCE, San
COAL and wood business. Md established, cheap
asfa. 3 horses, 2 wagons, everything else
. ry. .\.;.!ress box 2391, Call office.
PARTNER wanted, lady or gentleman, as
. , .tying restaurant on Morrt-
: . St. H' X ZliM, Call.
■ "' 'R sale, a fruit store, with horse and
:.. suitable for man ar.l wife. Call 4
p. m. at l!?fi Harrison st.
NKR. or will sell cheap: small manu-
■ ::ng business: no experience; 200 cus-
tomers; only one on coast. 515 Bth, Oakland.
FOR - itaurant; a bargain: will take
partner. 7D3 Market St.; basement.
n good paying bust ness; no
night or Sunday work. 3i»WVj Mission st.
ALUABLE pntent; household article.
M . box 40. Call Office.
■ ■ ISS bakery: central, must be sold
mt of Blckr--s. Address box 2211. Call.
-tie. a grocery and bar. For par-
ticulars call at Washington Brewery.
; rooms; worth «*39oo. M. p. HOW-
!"I.T.. 2r.8 Third Ft., and make offer.
I aOOD mining claims for $:000; would ex-
change. Room 102. Orand Hotel.
FOR s.ile— Home bakery: good paying business;
estab'lshed years; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard
(250 [NTEREBT in canary store and factory;
lady or jr.-ntleman. S. S., box 1408. Call.
SVMMKK resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. nOEKEI.MANN. Lorin, Cal.
CORNER grocery' and bar, living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Flllmore st.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain: good
stock of liquors, rlgnrs. 243 Fourth st.
PA.TENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established lgtt. 319 Pine st., city.
COFFEE and tea rc.ites supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL & CO.'S. 41."> Sacramento st.
CORNER saloon; must sell this week. 400 Mc-
Allister st.
SALOON for sale cheap; no night work. 506
Clay st.
GOOD old paying stationery: woman can make
■ ■! living. Apply '"all Office,
CARPET < 'LEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
ZH and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAUMMNG'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-f>7 Tdiama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. McQCEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson Ft., tel. S 22*: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
BTOATTON, .'; Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
\\ .rkn, 14 Bth nt. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MIT' BSLXt Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
Ft.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- |
in*, alteration wks. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 338 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
SEWING MACHINES.
-■THLV— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
TYPEWRITER!
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
YO6T, good order, $25; send for sample work.
«COTT ft BANXAN, 833 Montgomery st.
LODGING ? JISES FOR SALE.
$1100— Only $500 cash; corner ;........ 17 rooms
$200— On O'Farrell . st. ; f1at.. .".........;. 7 rooms
$1400— Best in the city; fine corner ...50 rooms
J2500— for transient; clears $300.. 82 rooms
$300 — All men roomers" ; clears . $80. ...12 rooms
$oOO— Only $250 cash ; bal. payments 17 rooms
$1000— corner; clears .-$100:........ .26 rooms
$450— The best for price in city........ 28 rooms
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
COMFORTABLY furnished house 8 room's; rent
chea-: water free;. good business location; 3
car lines; price cheap. . Address box 2243,
Call Office.
HANDSOME, paying house, 16 elegantly . fur-
nished rooms; water every room; gentlemen
roomers; 1 block of . Baldwin. Box 500, - Call.
R 99 MING house : sood location;, 23 rooms.
Address R. H., box 100.-C^ll Office. 
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CONTENTS of. a finely furnt^d~6-romn~flaT.
Apply 475 Guerrero st., near Seventeenth. . j
NEW furniture, 2 rooms; suitable for living
rooms, offices. 1069 Broadway. Oakland, r. 1.
FURNITURE WANTED^
INDIANA ' Auction Co. " Removed to 19 1 Mont-
gomery St.; highest prices paid. , Tel -.- »avia 71.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES. \
WANTED— Young man going to Alaska to
handle a good cheap portable boat; good
chance to make expenses of the trip. Address
Box 2240, care < Call office. . 1
HORSES. j : ;
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL. .
HORSE and wagon for sale. 2152 Mission st.,
near Eighteenth.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & PONS,
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST..
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade for
Town or Country.
Newest Designs in Form, Color or Trim.
Be?t Business Buggies on Earth.
Good Second-hand Broughams. Landaus. Carts
and Buggies, Taken in Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains new and second-hand carriages-
Coupe $50: surrey. $86: village 1 cart. $40: sulky
csm' J3o; top and' road buggies, traps, grocery,
milk and two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
an<l harness at cost for cash. .
Bull's Head Repository, lath and \ alencia sts.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen' at O'BRIEN & SONS'. Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
SPECIAL sale of toarness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. gll Larkin. QPP- City Hall.
I^INE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or' installments: 1 fine top and open
bugcv: also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
PASTURAGE.
WANTED— About 75 head of cattle on shares;
fine green feed. Address K. L. NEVINS, 723
Market St., room 7. San Francisco, or 61»
Seventeenth St., Oakland.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
FOR lowest rates go to LOX T IS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth st., open evenings.
TRUNKS, 25c a mo.; other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co.. 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market: tel. South 106.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For P.uriai of Indigent Dead-
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. May 10. IS9S. ■ .,
In accordance with Resolution No. nit
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in open
Beaajpn of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON, May 16, IS9B, from *:..O
to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the Indigent
dead as are required to be buried at the charge ;
of the City and County of San Francisco, in-
cluding the City and County Smallpox Hu»-
pital. for the term of one year, beginning July
1. 1898. and ending June 30, ISSfS. in such eeni.--
trry or cemeteries in this or other counties ;
wherein burials may be allowed.
NOTICE— The coffins to We made of three- j
quarter-inch surface redwood clear lumber, to ;
j be lined with muslin and pillowed Inside and to j
be shellacked and varnished outside, and the
| tops to be fastened down with not less than *ix
i screws. In all smallpox cases the coffin shall
be lined with No. 10 zinc instead of with mus-
lin, and hermetically sealed, and all coffins
used must be subject to the inspection and
approval of the officer in charge of the insti-
tution irom which the body of the decedent is
to be buried, and must In all cases be taken
to such institution for the purpose of having
the deceased placed therein.
No bid will be considered from any party v.-ho
has not been engaged in the undertaking busi-
ness in this city and county and conduced said
business in a reputable manner for a period of
at least six months Immediately preceding the
date hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth of at
least six feet.
No body to be removed from the Institution
where it lies awaiting burial within a period of
twenty-four hours after death, except by ex-
press order of the superintendent or officer in
charge of said Institution.
The contractor will be required in all cases
on the death of t.ip indigent person from in-
fectioua disease to inter the body of said de-
cedent within such time as may be designated
by notice from the superintendent or officer in j
charge of the institution where the death may j
have occurred, and in all other cases within '
thirty-six hours after notification by the pro-
per officer.
The ccntractor will further be required to
cotrwjr the bodies of decedents committed to
his charge for interment direct from the In-
stitution from which he receives the same to
Urn cemetery, and then and there bury the !
same. . And will not be permitted upon any j
consideration to convey such bodies to any in-
termediate resting place, or to keep the same
in his custody for a longer period than that re-
quired for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent apply at
the institution where such decedent may be
lying awaiting burial, for - — 'ision to bury
the same, and prove to the superintendent or !
officer In charge of said institution that their !
purpose is to provide a decent burial, and that i
they have no intention and will not allow the {
body to be used for the purpose of dissection,
th-n and in that case the body t said de-
reaped shall be delivered to said friends who :
shall take charge thereof and make the neces- ]
isary arrangements for the funeral with any
undertaker they may think fit; but in such
event the contractor aforesaid shall have no !
claim against the city for the burial of a.aid I
decedent.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded shall be required. In all cases, to pro-
cure from the superintendent of the cemetery
wherein the burials have been made a certifi-
cate of the proper burial of each person under
the provisions of his contract and of these
specifications: and such certificate must, in all
cases, be attached to the demand of »Rid con-
tractor when presented to the Board of Super-
visors for approval, and must state the names
of the decedents and the Institutions from
which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions, the contract shall be terminated by
said city and county.
The party to whom the contract Is awardod
will be required, prior to or at the. time of the
execution of said contract, to nay the cost of
advertising this notice (and a former notice) in
three dally newspapers, amounting in all to
six hundred and fifty-five dollars and eighty-
two cents (JSSS S2).
All interments of indigent persons the ex-
penses of which must be borne by the city and
county (other than those from any of the public
institutions) must be authorized by the health
officer issuing a permit therefor, and all bills
for such interments to be approved by the
health officer prior to being presented to this
board. All demands for the burial of Indigent
persona from any of the public Institutions to
be approved by the superintendent of the Insti-
tution at which the death occurs, prior to being
presented to this board.
Bidders will estimate and state a sceciflc
amount for each Interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the board has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five hundred (jr,oO) dol-
lars In favor of and made payable to the clerk
of the Board of Supervisors, must be deposited
by the bidder, conditioned that If the proposal
is accepted and the contract awarded; and if
the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the prlnt-
lne charges, execute the contract and give a
bond of five thousand ($5000) dollars, required
within six days after the award ia made, then,
and in that cas**, the said sum shall be col-
lected and paid Into the city and county treas-
ury by said cl#rk. as liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect
lilanks furnished by the clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject al! bids
if the DUblic good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Cle-K.
PROPOSALS for drayage — Genera, depot of the
Quartermaster's Department. Ran Francisco,
Cal May 11. 1898. Sealed proposals for the
hauling of Military Stores and Supplies in
and about the City of San Francisco, Cal.,
for the fiscal year commencing July 1, is»B,
will be received at this office until 11 o'clock
a. m on Saturday, the 11th day of June,
1896 and then opened. The Government re-
serves the right to reject any or all pro-
posals. All necessary Information will be fur-
nished on application to .his office. OSCAR
F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster, U. 8.
A., In charge depot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 13, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
NICE sunny dwelling; 441 Fifth St., near
Bryant, 7 good rooms; large yard; $20.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3628 A —Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment; reat $8; rear cottage.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water free.
109 Collins st. near Geary.
MODERN cottage; 401 Laurel St., cor. Sacra-
_mento; sun all day. MADISON & BURKE^
$7— SUNNY, bay-window cottage, 5 rooms, near
34th and Mission. Apply 64 Silver St., oft 3d.
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st.-.^key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
THE~IIEYNOLDS~CO!
HOUSES RENTED, RENTS COLLECTED.
7-room cottage, nicely furnished $27 00
6-room house, new, near In $45 00
11-rm. house, finely fur., good location.. s6o 00
8-rm. house, well furn., fine location $75 00
10-rm. house, elegantly fur., fine locations7s 00
7-rm. flat, well furn., good location $42 50
6-rm. flat, well furn., good location $35 00
9-rm. flat, well furn., good location $75 00
403—4 Examiner building.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely fumi3hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m.
FLATS TO LET.
A— WE want at once 200 tenants: we will make
special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A 5-ROOM flat, 315 O'Farrell St., near Mason;
rent cheap. Apply 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; 6 and 1 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $2(K Capp st., bet. 22d
_and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 3435 Twentieth St., between
Howard and Capp.
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
MINNA, 25—4 rooms, $10; 801 Union, corner
Mason, 5 rooms, $12; 1114 Union, 5 rooms,
bath, $17 50.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
POLK, 1710, near Clay— New bay-window
Bunny flat, 7 rooms and bath, $25.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— 6 rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
$11 50— 4 A SHOTWELL, bet. Fourteenth and
Fifteenth; flat of 4 sunny rooms and yard.
$14 — COZY sunny lower flat 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 8 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 446 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; kitchen; bath; $10.
BRANNAN, 1079, near Tenth— 2 sunny fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping.
BUCHANAN, 602. cg<. Fell— Large sunny bay-
window and kitchen; complete; $12.
EDDY, 917 — Very pleasant, nicely furnished
housekpg rooms ; gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH, 314— Large Bunny front housekeeping
room; complete; bath; private; $8; also 2
others, $11.
FIFTH, 322— Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, Vl&Vr— Front room and kitchen newly-
furnished for housekeeping; also others.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 1917—4 comfortable rooms for adults;
gas and coal stoves; 2 beds; all necessaries;
$20.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 620—3 sunny rooms, bay-
window, furnished for housekeeping.
HARRISON, 731— Front and back parlor fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; rent ftM.
HARRISON, 749 — Furnished alcove suite;
kitchen; bath; no children.
LEAVENWORTH, 811. near Butter— 4 rooms,
bath, yard, fu,rniture; for young couple; no
children; references; $16.
MISSION, 923^4— Completely furnished, clean,
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gaa; bath.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished room*, $1 per
week; sunny housekeeping rooms.
NINTH, 21— Large bay-window room for house-
keeping; cooking stove; running water.
POWELL, 944—3 rooms for housekeeping; hot
and cold water; bath; $15 per month.
SHOTWELL, 932—8 sunny rooms; bath; wash
trayr; side entrance; rent $9; key upstairs.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds, 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to
match; furniture all new; $3 per week; suit-
able for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe Rtore,
562 Mission St., between First and Second.
TURK, 405 — Sunny suites, double and single
rooms; also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range; bath; running water.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3725, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window rooms for housekeeping.
UPPER 6-room renovated flat. Key at 2010%
Union st.
VALENCIA, 1175—2 or 4 very nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; very cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Most elegant, sunny cor.
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms.
WILLOW AYE, 30—2 furnished or unfurnished
alcove rooms; $12.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FURMSHEO FLATS.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath. Call,
after 8 p. m., 400 Sanchez, cor. Seventeenth;
rent $25.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Corri. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any i>art of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
pur.ny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 62 Second St.— Nice clean single double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 week up.
AT Hyde, 609; Sutler, 715-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton — Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— New elegantly furnished
rms.; gentlemen, families; elevator; transient.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market -Furnished or un-
furnißhed single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms, per night,
50c to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 21ft— Sunny furnished suite and single
rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
EDDY, 761— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath; gas; private family; very reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 124 A —Single newly furnished
Hunny front room, $6 per month.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot) — First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 432— Nicely furnished front and back
single rooms, $6 and $8 a month; bath; gas.
ELLIS, 639. cor. Larkin— Sunny front room;
mantel; folding-bed; for 2.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 766V4 — Neatly furnished rooms, $4
and $5; every convenience.
GEARY, 556, formerly 618— Elegant sunny
suites; light housekpg; double & single rma.
GEARY, 774— Handsome sunny front suite,
suitable for 3 or 4; bath, gas; board optional.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; al3o single rooms; bath and gas.
GEARY, 808 A —2 or 3 unfurnished sunny rooms;
modern house.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 917 A —Large sunny room,
suitable for 1 or 2 persons.
HAIGHT, 62314— Large sunny front room suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715 (St. David's)— 2oo rooms; suites;
single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
LARGE sunny room, newly furnished, near
Park; gentleman; references. Address P. R,
box 4, Call office.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front; nicely fur-
nished: 1 or 2 gents; $9; single, |5.
MASON, 18 (Stiver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week. $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to *•",; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
OAK, 118— Large double room; bath; gentlemen
preferred.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 327— Handsomely furnished front
room; also single rooms, $5 month up.
O'FARRELL, 770, between Hyde and Larkln—
Furnished rooms.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
POWEIL7~^W7, and 211 CFarrell— Nice fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnlsh«d rooms $1
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds, $10; sunny single room, $1 50.
TAYLOR, 211— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
single or en suite; also bath; reasonable.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Nice large sunny
bay-window rooms; kitchen If desired.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny room 3; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS, 518— Nicely furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week.
FULTON, 833 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern silnny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 1105 (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good board; nice location; new management.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $20 a month up.
HYDE. 925— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
PINE, 743— Sunny single rooms; excellent
board; $20 per month.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board ; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., 808 — Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ailg taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY would like 1 or 2 children to board;
best of care. 1205 Laguna st.
CHILDREN boarded. $10 to $15 a month. 2134
Essex St., Peralta P. 0., South Berkeley, Cal.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234*4 Sixth »t.
STORES TO LET.
MISSION, 2946— Store, with rooms.
NICE large store to let at 623 Post St.; rent
$20.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.:
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGLISH, Latin, mathematics, literature a
specialty; hours 8 a. m. to 12 m., and even-
Ings. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
DANCING taught at pupHs' homes by profes-
sional; terms very reasonable. Box 1663, Call.
SHORTHAND taught: very accurate, quickly
acquired system. MISS H., 2207 Flllmore st.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute:
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Neas.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and me<lical colleges. Phelan bdg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for 11 50, postage
fret-.
MEDICAL.
A NEW process, a great progress In medical
science, a new invention by the well-known
celebrated female physician Dr. Popper for
female troubles, no matter from what cause,
where no medicine or Instruments are used;
restores always in one day; every woman her
own physician; can be sent and used at
home without fail; save disgrace; consulta-
tion free; every case guaranteed; travelers
helped at once: pills, mill or strong. $1; cap-
sules, $1; cure, |S. 318 Kearny st.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids. m?n and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, J2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
ppecial diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; Irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge: restores
strength and vigor of orran unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; low
fees; cure, $5; pills, $1; when others fail,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases ot
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at nil times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy rure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
D.R. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities, from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly:
home In confinement: consult free: hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. WIPE'S private sanitarium. 307 Jones St.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belview
Hospital, \\ V. ; diseases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Sf-guro; price
$1 50: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. ; s*»nd
2c stamp for particulars to Peguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
femaie troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
Irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2205>4 Mission St.-
DRS. nOXOVAN. 1306 Folsom st.'. tT.kes ladles
at her home in their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister st. ; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 yeara' experience. 254% Fourth st
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 sth st., Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Puhscrlptlons nnd want ads taken.
LOST.
$100 REWARD for the return of small purse,
diamond Jewelry and gold coin, being wed-
ding presents, lost on Flllmore st.. May 11.
noon. 431 Cnllfornia St., room 38, Merchants'
Exchange building.
L< >ST-*-I.ast Saturday night, a book entitled
"The Gallery of Players." A liberal reward
will be given for Its return to box-office
Columbia Theater.
LOST— A black fur boa in vicinity of Fourth
and Harrison sts. Return to room 415, Call
building and receive reward.
srxi'AV evening, black and white grey-
hound; scar on nose. Reward 1006 Mission.
LOST— May 9, little Tokes hunt bitch; name,
Hilda. $10 reward at 234 Natoma st.
LEGAL. NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and provided, no-
tice Is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent of the stockholders holding more than
three-fourths in value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards' of Directors of
paid corporations, made and entered Into in
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
vided, did, on the 14th day of April, A. D.
IS9S, amalgamate and consolidate their capita!
stock, debts, property, assets and franchisen
under the corporate name and style of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
Ban Francisco, Cal., May 6, 1898.
PERSONALS.
THE heIrs~of~CAPTAIN PAUL F. GRAM, a
German or Scandinavian, and those of JOHN
BASSARD, an Irishman, and those of
DAVID C. MARSHALL, an Englishman,
who was naturalized in San ZTranoiseo In the
sixties, will receive valuable information on
addressing OSCAR T. SHUCK, attorney for
absent heirs, 509 Kearny st., San Francisco.
BUSINESS IERSONALS.
HARD brushing or too much washing is bad
for the hair; I dress hair for 25c; good
switches. $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FASHIONABLE tailors; suits to order; In-
stallments; $1 week; perfect fit guaranteed.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary st.
QUINONIA— A peerless hair tonic; use it. gT
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installment*. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant. styllsh~dressei!
$6 up; dresses made over, t Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies 1 French Tailoring
College, 916 Market St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. P. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; nhe
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burle- property: locates treasurpa.
minerals; tells your entire life, rast, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Rend stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
YOUR future told by cards: readings daily, 25c;
9a. m. to 5 p. m. 424 Tehama st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist.^, 215 Kearny St., room 2.
MME. HANSON- pt-lmist: card-reader- iast
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
GYPSY life spader gives correct answers to all
questions; L., 2Cc; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First *n her pro-
fession; never fails; advice: help. 929 Post st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
SPIRITUALISM.
MR J. BERGEROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence has printed In your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your choice of sex.
Hours 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton; $1 and up.
KATIE HEUSSM ANN'S test symbol, question
circle to-night; 25c. 115 Franklin St.; sittings
dally.
AT 305 Larkin st. to-night, Ladles' Aid social;
good programme; dancing; 10 cents.
ASTROLOGY— Your fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 911% Mission st.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MRS. SHRINER, clalrvoj-ant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth St., room 2.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings $1; cir. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 25c
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.; old No. 218.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Haight St.
PALiMISTKY.
MRS. CHANDLER: readings Tues., Thurs.,
Sat. at hall, 305 Larkin St.; Mon.. Wed., Fri.
residence. 353 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve thi9 method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago ia KOHLBR & OXASE'S,
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and ~" other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and
Geary St., agents Conover, Kingsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1; new stock; spe-
cial prices; easy terms; inspection Invited.
SECOND-HAND pianos at all prices; terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., agents for the
Chickering and other pianos.
A GREAT bargain sale; Decker, Schubert,
Steinway, Neuman, others. HORNUNG'9, 216
McAllister st.
AN ELEGANT new $425 piano sacrificed by
owner for $160; bring the cash and take it
to-day. DEWING CO., r. 12, Flood bldg.
WE have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain:
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chickering for
$90; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S, 310, 312 Poet st.
A GREAT victory on land: "Crown" piano
over the entire "single-tone" rrigade. Call
on HOCKETT BROS. & CO., 230 Post st.
$85— ELEGANT walnut upright for sale; $10
down, $5 a month. 221 Leavenworth st.
A~FINE full rich-toned upright; 3 pedals; ele-
gant case; $150. 833 Castro st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights $75 up;
rents W up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. SCOTT-
CURT AZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
FINE large upright: sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St., flat No. 1.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 18 McAllister
St., next Hiber ia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand
piancs, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KN A.BE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR Sale — Fine office partitions, store coun-
ters, glass front wallcases. 8-foot plate glass
showcases, bookkeepers' desks, chairs, letter
presses and entire store and office equipment.
Call or address 309 Larkln St.
BEEF CATTLE
100 to 150 head for sale. Apply Immediately
to G. W. CALL, Fort Ross, Sonoma County,
Cal i fornia.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters,' linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
NEW centerboard fishing boat 21 feet long, 6
feet wide, copper fastened, oak ribs, clinker
built • has never been in water; will sell for
less than half cost. SMITH CO., 527 Mission.
FOR Sale— ss up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
FOR Sale— Smith Premier typewriter: bargain;
fine condition. X., box .95, Call office.
414-HORSE power motor. $85. 328 Bush st..
room 4.
BODA fountain, used one year, for less than
half cost: good as new. 615 Larkin at.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, CIS Mission st.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New an 4 second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 5. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10:~Record8, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath and all th« latest
improvements; terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
Apply at premises. 2327 Harrison St., bet.
21st and 22d.
CHEAPEST and bent in Atnerlca-^The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cotton wood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LABK3PUR.
Villa lots ard acreage; easy terms; 4s minute*
from the city: cottage* for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 13? Market st
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT!
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH— A lovely home: 2-story new mod-
ern house of 6 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; complete and up-to-date, perfect home;
grandest location ever found; Gallndo Tract,
East Oakland, on Peralta avenue. 1 block
east from FYuitvale aye. , Peralta aye. has
city water and sewer, 2 electric car lines and
fine school; price $1800; monthly payments as
rent. 4E5 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. Carriage free. Galindo Tract. H. Z.
JONES. Owner.
COTTAGE in San Jose; corner lot; clear; will
exchange for S. F. or Oakland home same
value. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
t\: week. $1 to $4; reading-room: Howard cars.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE I.ORNTC, 552 Klghth st.
OAKLAKD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40K Eleventh »t.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$1200 — Sacrifice: corner lot 3r>xl4o; good house
of 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$16<X>— Lot SOxl'iO: fine cottage of 7 rooms
and bath ; near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150;
only 2 blocks from station and high school.
$2750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MO REAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapin st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FURNISHED house. 9 rooms; bath; piano;
June and July. 2241 Clinton aye.. or J. S.
HOPKINS. 204 Pine St., San Francisco.
WEBER. 1378, near Encinal station— Sunny
modern 7-rornn house, furnished or unfur-
nished: marine view.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
EAST Berkeley— sunny corner: street work
done: best street near station; electric cars;
less $20 foot. T. P. STRONG. 460 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
$4000— A thorough bargain— Large house, new,
lot (50x160; street work all done; cement side-
walk; fine view; easy terms. JOSEPH J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
NEW house of 8 rooms In Berkeley, cheap. In-
quire 25S Fourth, corner Foleom.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential ; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
! HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
i tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 180 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rales ; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cc*. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
rateg. McAFKg BROS.. 108 Montgon-ifrr at
PAWNBROKERS.
i BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
ATTORNEYS AT LtW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
FHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O' DO. NELL, ofl.ee and residency
1206 Market; diseases of women a ■pecialcr
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued to the fol-
lowing couples:
George H. Reading and Marie Keim 21-19
Walter E. Haslam and Gertrude Meadows.. 2s-24
Antonio S. Rodrlgues and Izabe! Avellar...4O-33
Augustus G. Bennett and Doris Caml>crs.. 26-1.3
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES^DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have -he same published.
BORN.
CORDES— In this city. May 12, IS9S, to the
wife of the Rev. H. Cordes, a son.
MORGAN— In this city. May 10, IR9B, to the
wife of Richard, Morgan, a daughter.
SAMUELSON— In this city, May 10, 1898, to the
wife of T. Elcan Samuelaon. a son.
MARRIED.
CLIFTON— FRANCE— In this City. April 30,
1898, by the Rev. W. S. Urmy. Harry Clifton
and Abbie C. France,^>oth of San Francisco.
GALLAGHER— DECKMAN— In this city. May
11, 1898, by the Rev. William N. Meserve,
Fred E. Gallagher of San Francisco and
Lydla A. Deckman of Los Angeles.
McSWEGAN— KILCOURSE— In this city. May
11 IS9S, by the Rev. Father Collins. Philip
McSwegan of San Francisco and Anna Kll-
counse of San Jose.
NEWMAN— KING— In this city. May 11, 1898.
by the Rev. W. S. Urmy. Elmer L. Newman
and Annie M. King, both of Los Banos, Mer-
ced County, Cal.
PETEKS— FEILING— In this city, May 11, 1898,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Henry Peters and
Alice Felling.
yon STADEN— GLOS— In this city, May 8, 1898,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, William yon
Ptaden and Lena Glos.
DIED.
Archer, Katie Kennedy, Frederick
Barron. William C. Leon, Mrs. Julie V.
Calhoune, Rev. A. Lowney Unfant)
Connell, Bridget McLellan, Grace EJ.
Connell, Thomas Muller, Jeannette
Costello, Mary Poulson, Christina
Cudworth, Jams* W. Probert, Alexander
Curley, Mary Russau, John M.
Curtis, Edna Scanlin, Josephine C.
Fowler, Jefferson Starkweather, Mary
G«rmer, Mrs. B. R. Watson, Bennie F.
Green, Josie E. Wells, Mattl* A.
Hager, August C. White Jr., John B.
Hassell, Joseph H. Windrow, John
Hoar, John Winstanley, Ella
Hyland, James
ARCHEK— In this city. May 12, 1898, Katie,
beloved daughter of Edward and the lats
Katherine Archer, and sister of Harry Ed-
ward Archer, a native of San Francisco, aged
15 years and 24 days.
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 11:15 o'clock, from 3365 Twenty-
third street. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
BARRON— In this city. May 12. 1898. William
Charles Barron, a native of Soulsbyvlll*,
Tuolumne County, Cal.. aged 23 years and 9
months.
CALHOUNE— In Alameda, May 11, IS9S, Rev.
Alexander Calhoune, a native of Ohio, aged 65
years 3 months and 25 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 7:30 o'clock p. m., from bniteel
Presbyterian Church, corner Santa Clara ave-
nue and Union street, Alameda. Interment
San Jose, where services will be held at
United Presbyterian Church at 11 o'clock
Saturday, May 14.
CONNELL— In this city, May 10, .898, Bridget,
beloved wife of the late Thomas Connell. a
native of the parish of Mllltown. County
Westmeath, Ireland, aged 63 years. (Brook-
lyn and New York papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors or
McAvoy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street, thenc*
to St. Francis Church. Vallejo street, corner
of Montgomery avenue, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNELL— In this city. May 10, 1898, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Bridget Con-
nell, a native of the parish of Dloert, County
Westmeath. Ireland, aged 63 »ears. (Brook-
lyn and New York papers please copy)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Gallagher, 20 Fifth street, thene*
to St. Francis Church, Vallejo street, corner
of Montgomery avenue, where a solemn re-
qnlem mass will be celebrated for the repos*
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COSTELLO— In this city, May 11, 1898, Mary,
relict of the late Walter Costello. and mother
of Mrs. R. E. Miller, Mrs. F. Lee. Mrs. M.
Cowperthwalte. Mrs. George Bailey and Lizzie.
Thomas and John Costello, a native of Ire-
land, aged 56 years.
(CTTriendf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend "the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residenc»
of her daughter, Mrs. R. E. Miller, 516 Hill
street, thence to St. James Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of her soul, commencing at a o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUDWORTH— Suddenly, in this city. May 12,
1898, James Wallace Cudworth, a native of
Putney, Vt., aged 72 years.
IC^Notice of funeral hereafter.
CURLEY— IfrHhIs city. May 12, 1898. Mary, be-
loved wife of Patrick Curley, mother of John
and Fanny Curley, sister of Mrs. Katie Elliot
and Michael O'Connor, and niece of Mrs.
Flannlgan, a native of the parish of Ayer-
court. County Galway. Ireland, aged 36 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:SO o'clock, from her late
residence, 2fi24 Clementina street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church for services, at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CURTIS— In this city, May 12, 1898, Edna, be-
loved daughter of B. A. and R. Curtis, a na-
tive of California, aged 16 years and 10
months.
FOWLER— In this city. May 12, IS9S. Jefferson,
beloved husband of Mary E. Fowler, and
father of Helen I. Fowler, a native of New
Hampshire, aged 87 years.
GERMER— May 11, IS«>S, Mrs. Barbara R. Ger-
mer, beloved mother of Jennie Germer, and
daughter of Andrew and Reglna HoffmanrJ,
a native of Germany, aged 41 years 11 months
and 27 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Bonifaca
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth streets. Funeral private.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city, May 12, IS9<*. Josie E.,
beloved wife of George Green, sister of Mrs.
Hattie Barday. Mrs. May Langley and
Charles and Ed Arcan, and daughter of.
Charles Arcan, a native of Santa Cruz, Cal.,
aged 23 years 6 months and 7 days.
HAGER— In Santa Clara County, Cal., May 10,
1898, August C, beloved son of Mrs. A. and
Carl N. S. Hager. and brother of Minnie, Ed-
die and Albert Hager, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years and 7 months.
tCTFrtends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2 Maple street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
HASSKLL— In this city. May 11. 1898, Jose-ph
H.. beloved husband of Ida A., and father
of Frank. Abble. Ralph, Inez and Ruby Has-
sell, a native of Wisconsin, aged 44 years 6
months and 19 days. A member of Court
Zfnith Xo. 21. F. of A.
C7 Friends and acquaintances and members
of Court Zenith No. 21. F. of A., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOAR— In this city. John, beloved husband of
Mary Jane Hoar, and father of John, Edward
and Thomas Hoar, a native if Athlone,
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 63 years
and 10 months.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 317 Bryant
HYLAND— In this city. May 11. IS9B. James,
beloved husband of Jennie Hyland. and father
of David, William, Lizzie and Edmond Hy-
land, a native of Boston, Mass., afired 40
years and 2 months.
IC^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KENNEDY— In this city, May 11. IS9B, Fred-
erick Eugene Kennedy, beloved grandson of
Mrs. Victoire Chaleneau, and nephew of Mr.
Alfred, Mr. J. Paul and the late Dr. V. A.
Chaigneau. a native of San Francisco, aged.
2!> year*i 10 months and 9 days. (Crescent
City papers please copy )
ICTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friiay), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his grandmother, Mrs. V. Chalgneau, 1406
Guerrero street, between Twenty-sixth and
Army.
LEON— In Altona. bei Hamburg. Germany,
Mrs. Julie V. Leon (nee Hellmann). a native
of Altona. formerly of San Francisco.
LOWNEY— In this city. Infant of T>. D. and
Annie M. Lowney, aged 2 months and 1
days.
MeLELLAN— In Stege. Contra Costa County,
May 12. lv.'V <:rac> j R., beloved daughter of
Brice B. and Elizabeth J. McLellan. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 17 years 6 months
and 3 days.
MULLER— In Oakland, May. 12, 1898, Jeannette.
beloved wife of Charles Muller, and mother
of Charles W.'Mullcr, a native of Leicester-
shire, England, aged 46 years 10 months and
10 days. :■.,.;
' EX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
May 15, 1898. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
< dence. 605 Sixth street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland. '
POULSON— In this city, May 11, 1898, Chris-
tina Ponlson, beloved mother of Mrs. Martin
Jackson, Mrs. G. Buhler and Mrs.' C. Lourell,
a native of Sweden, aired 86 years 6 months
and 1 day. (Chicago, 111., and Oakland, Pal.,
papers please copy.) .. . , . . ■
ETFrlends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market . street. .. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland, via
the 2 o'clock creek boat. .-.-,.
PROBERT— In this city. May, 11. 1398, at ' 407 -
:■ Georgia street, Potrero. Alexander W.. be-*,
loved husband of Mary E. Probert, father of
Edward W.. Albert, Eleanor. William A. and .
John P. Probert, and. brother-in-law of Mrs.
Benjamin F. Bridges, a native of England,
aged 44 years. ■• : ; ■ . ■ '
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully : invited 'to attend the funeral ; this day
' (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from B'nat B'rith Hall.
121 Eddy ; street, under the auspices ■ of : Dorlo
■a Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. thence to Ma-
sonic Cemetery.: >
RVSSATJ— In Oakland. John M. Russau. a na-
tive of Lubeck, Germany, aged 71 years 3
months and 24 days. .
SCANLIN— In this city. May 10, 1898, Jose-
V phine Claire, beloved daughter of Hugh W.
and Nellie F. Scanlln, a native of fan Fran-
cisco, aged 13 months and 7 days. >.
STARKWEATHER— In this city. May 11, 1898,
Mary Starkweather, a native of Providence,
'. R■ I - - ■ ' ■ ■ .-"..' '. ■ ■"--.-■ ~^ ?."";■
icTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, f rom : her . late resi-
dence, 763 Hayes street. Interment private. -"
WATSON— In this city. May 11. 1898, Bennio i
F.. dearly beloved - son ■of ■ Benjamin F. and
Annie -Watson, and ; brother of May, James,
Peter -'■ and s Annie 'Watson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 years 7 months and 9 days.
WELLS— Into rest. May 11, 1898, at
her residence, 710 Waller street, Mattle A.
• Wells, mother of Arthur Carlyle and Georg*
■% Wells, and sister of Will, Fred and Maria
tor Services at St. Stephen's Church, Ful-
ton ■ street, between Flllmore and " Webster,
this day (Friday), at 2 , o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WHITE— In Oakland, May 12, 1599, John B.
White Jr.; only son of J. B. White, and
brother of Mrs. J. B. Shelby and Mrs. B. C.-
Southworth. a native of Oregon, aged 31 year*
8 months and 2 days ■>:•. *■ : .
IC^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
WINDROW— this city, May .; 12, 1898, . John;
y dearly beloved son : of ■> Olivia " and * the ! late.
Joseph Windrow, : and brother of Christopher,
Joseph and Albert Windrow and Mrs. James
de ■ Succa, ft native of San Francisco, aged
36 years and 10 months. -._. • :
ICTNotice of funeral in morning papers. _
WTNSTANLET-In - this city, May 12. 1898,
Ella, beloved wife of Clement Winstanley, ■ a
native of Rhode Island, aged 48 years and 8
: months, c: " : : :- ; - ■ ■ ■■■■■ - ■ ■•■ ; -,»- ■-••■■■ ■• ■.'
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Saturday), *' at : 10:30 o'clock, v from - her - lata
residence, ■> 2531 '■' Lombard - street. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, ' ■•'.■. ' '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEBS I
;^io tITTE ST.. Opp. Lincoln School. I I
. . ■ Telephone, South 8a '=-■'■•-'----" I
• . - H. B. M'ATOY. Manager. = ■.-,- ;.-- .'- -
MCAVOY dfc * CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMJIR* I
1236 Market St., between Bth and »tb» , - , f
":■ ' - : Telephone, South 24T.'- ,
1112
MORE MONEY FOR THE MASONS' COFFERS.
THOSE unfortunates left fatherless
or husbandless who know not the
comforts of life will soon be pro
vided with a cheerful home. The
tide of prosperity still flows on at the
Mechanics' Festival, and each day and
night sees thousands of friends of the
poor congregated within the walls of
the festal hall. Last evening the
largest crowd that has visited the fete
•w-aa present and an excellent pro
gramme was rendered.
The booths that are now attracting
the most attention are those of Ivy
Chapter, California Commandery No. 1
and the Postomce. California Com
mandery's contains a handsomely dec-
orated refreshment parlor and a gay
little theater. The booth is in charge
of Mrs. Logan, Mrs. Dorn and Mrs.
Batkin, and in an energetic way they
are piling uf> the coin for the home
fund. The Postofflce is one of the most
handsome booths in the Pavilion.
Ladies robed in white, bearing white
doves on their heads, go forth from this
booth and reap a harvest of coin that
will go far toward comforting the poor.
The booth is a true representation of a
postofflce. A street lamp and mail box
are the most prominent features in the
foreground, and behind this is the
office. A train of cars apparently run
ning at full speed and a ship in the dis
tance plowing the sea-s complete a
handsome picture. A handsome organ
presented by Kohler & Chase is the
attraction at Ivy Chapter. All of the
ladles are anxious to obtain the organ,
and a rushing business in raffle tickets
Is in consequence being done.
King Solomon's booth is also one of
the most popular spots in the pavilion.
There the wheels of fortune turn mer
rily away on their mission of mercy,
each turn bringing in its gold, and on
the east side many attractions are
clustered which will be raffled at the
close of the fair. Among the most strik
ing is a hat valued at $50, which was
placed at the disposal of the manage
ment of the festival by Mrs. Alma
Keith. The hat takes the eye of the la
dies and is bringing in its full share of
the fund.
The programme rendered yesterday
NOT JURORS
NOW, BUT
ANGRY MEN
Judge Belcher Issues
a Terse Order of
Dismissal.
Consigns the Members of
the Grand Jury to Pri
vate Life.
They Hold an Indignation
Meeting in Their Old
Rooms.
CHARGES AGAINST DUNNE.
B«rnea and His Assistant Accused of
Impeding th« School
Investigation.
The Grand Jury, of which the public
had been led to expect so much, no longer
exists.
In response to the citation issued by
Superior Judge Belcher, the members as
sembled in his courtroom at 2:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon, and Judge Belcher
asked Foreman Gerberding if he had any
report to make. Upon the latter reply
ing that he had none, the Judge read the
following terse order of dismissal:
In the Superior Court of the State of Cali
fornia, in and for the City and County of San
Francleco — In re Grand Jury.
Gentlemen of the Grand Jury: The law re
quires that two Grand Juries be impaneled In
this city and county in each year, and the rule
of the court la to impanel the first Grand Jury
of the year at about this time and the second
Grand Jury some time In the latter part of the
year, according to exigencies. You were Im
panpled In the month of I>f-cemb»r, 1897, and the
time has now arrived to draw and impanel a
new Grand Jury. For these reasons, and for
other reasons satisfactory to the court, you are
now discharged without day.
EDW. A. BELCHER, Presiding Judge.
May 12, 1895.
As soon as the Judge had concluded,
James O'Brien, a member of the late
Grand Jury, arose:
"If your Honor please," be began, but
got no further, for the Judge interrupted
sharply:
"I do not car© to hear anything from
you, sir."
That ended the court proceedings. The
members filed out and went to their old
rooms, where they held an indignation
meeting, at which Judge Belcher, Dis
trict Attorney Barnes and his assistant,
Joseph Dunne, came in for a round of
abuse. O'Brien was accorded the privi
lege of first addressing his associates.
O'Brien was chairman of the Harbor In
vestigating Committee, and he took oc
casion to pay that the ferry depot scan
dal had never been placed before him
for investigation. He wanted to ask
Judge Belcher If certain statements at
tributed to him in an evening paper were
true, but the Judge had seen fit to de
cline to listen to him. O'Brien denied the
assertions and was backed up by his as
sociates.
A. B. Truman made a hot speech, dis
tributing his attention equally between
Judge Belcher, District Attorney Barnes
and Assistant Dunne. He said Barnes
and ever, the Judge had failed to furnish
certain information the Grand Jury asked
for, and the District Attorney "was rep
resented by a drunkard." Witnesses had
been frightoned by misrepresentations
ami had been given to understand that
they would not be protected. Every time
tho school case had been taken up some
trivial affair had been crowded in to block
the investigation.
"W« know that influence has been
brought to bear on every member of this
body to stop this investigation," he said.
"Why is it we could not carry it on? Be
cause we were discouraged by the obsta
cles placed in our way by the'Dlstrict At
torney's office, which tried to prevent it
by every means. The member of this
Grand Jury was called a blackguard by
a politician of this town, and it was
Judge Belcher's duty to punish the of
fender, but he failed to do so. We de
layed action on the ferry scandal in order
to have Barnes assist us personally, but
he refused to do so."
John Daly said: "The members of this
Grand Jury have worked hard and ear
nestly, but they were handicapped, first,
by the foreman, who was anxious not
to serve and always In a hurry to get
away, and, second, by the District Attor
ney's office. Barnes has disappointed
us repeatedly, while the Board of Educa
tion nas had an attorney present at our
meetings from start to finish in the per
son of Dunne. He protected them in ev
ery way and I blame Dunne more than
I <3o Belcher. I have reason to believe he
Some Workers in the Cause of the Widow
and Orphan.
afternoon and evening was exception
ally good. The music and dancing at
tracted the audience; but the feature
went to Judge Belcher and said: 'The
boys are in a hole and we must get them
out. The push is up against it hard.
Dunne has not been honest and never will
be. I don't know how honest Belcher has
been in this matter.
"During the investigation into the
school scandal a gentleman— good as
any In San Francisco — came to me and
asked what we were going to do with
Inspectors O'Brien and Swift. I told him
I did not know, but it would probably go
pretty hard with them both. Then this
man said: 'Don't be too hard on O'Brien.
He is a good fellow and is only acting
under instructions. He has a family and
has to do as -he is told to hold his posi
tion.' 1 replied that the best way for
O'Brien to save himself would be to go
before the Grand Jury and tell everything
he knew, giving the names of the guilty
parties and everything else in connection
with the affair.
"O'Brien's friend agreed with me, and
said he would urge O'Brien to do as I
suggested. I firmly believe O'Brien would
have come forward with a full confession
had we been allowed to go on."
Speeches in a similar vein were made
by Messrs. Warfleld. Minnie, Bauer,
Thornley, Meyer, Spear and others, after
which the meeting broke up.
Last evening H. A. Hedger, a member
of the deposed Grand Jury and chairman
of the Street Department Committee,
gave the result of his investigation into
the affairs of that office. With the aid
of an expert he had gone over the work
of reconstructing the 16-inch iron-stone
pipe sewer in Baker street, from Fran
cisco to the bay, a distance of five blocks.
The work was begun last January and
completed in April. The material used
cost $326 16 and the labor $4181, not includ
ing the wages of an expert for four
months at $4 a day. The sewer cost the
city $5 a foot, which would have been suf
ficient to build a brick sewer 3x5 feet,
complete.
•What puzzled Mr. Hedger most was the
large number of bricklayers and hod
carriers employed in constructing a pipe
sewer. For instance, in February the pay
roll shows that three, four and five brick
layers worked a total of forty-eight days
at $5 a day, and about the same number
of hodcarriers at $3 a day were on the
roll.
Many other jobs of a similar nature
were investigated, and Mr. Hedger was
preparing a report to the full Jury when
it was dismissed. ,
—. ♦ .
LINDA DI CHAMOUNIX.
Grand Italian Opera Sung by the
Ziliani Musical Society.
The Bush Street Theater waked from its
long slumber last nfeht to listen to Doni
zetti's "Linda di Chamounix." The the
ater was filled with people fond of Italian
opera and proud of the Ziliani Musical So
ciety. There were flowers for the favor
ites and liberal rounds of applause.
Mrs. Evolyn Winant Dickey, who played
the title role, has a very true, sweet
soprano. Miss Lillian "Wilson's voice is
unusually full and strong, and musical,
and she sang the famous contralto role
charmingly. Alfred Borlini has ability
as an actor. His Antonio was particular
ly pleasing.
The celebrated soprano aria in the first
act, the duet between Antonio and tho
prefect, and the prayer finale were among
the best numbers of the opera. The
chorus of fifty voices is well trained and
effective, and is unique among operatk 1
choruses for its fresh, pretty faces and
unhackneyed interest in and enthusiasm
for things musical and histrionic. There
is good material in Professor Ziliani's
society, which does credit to his train
ing. There are some members of the
"Linda dl Chamounix" cast who are al
most strong enough artistically to quit
the amateur's chrysalis. Persistent study
and serious devotion to music would
transform these, in time, into free
winged, professional butterflies.
SHORT ON GRAIN BAGS.
Limited Demand at San Quentin by
the Farmers.
James H. Wllkins, of the State Board
of Prison Directors, has made some in
teresting calculations regarding the loss
to California by reason of the present
dry season. Speaking on this topic: yes
terday he. remarked: "At .this season of
the year in ordinary ' times orders are
lodged at the. San Quentin jute .mills for.
35,000,000" grain bags, but the, orders re
ceived up to the present do not call for
more than 3,000,000 bags. This shows a
falling off of 32,000,000 bags. Calculating
that each sack holds grain to the value
of $2. it may be figured readily that is a
prospective decline •amounting to $64,000,
000 in wheat alone.'. . . \.j_ • - ;
Mr. Wilkins - figures that there • are
losses in other ' than' the wheat crop, and
mentions a falling off in the orchard
products, In live stock and in other lines
of farm industry. The product of the
mines will fall below the normal output
in consequence of the scant supply of
water. j .. :
« o «
BONDSMEN MUST PAT.
Judgment by Default Against the
Sureties on the Bonds of Coun
terfeiter Curverson.
T T nlted States District Judge de Haven
yesterday ordered judgment by default in
the case of the United States vs. W. A.
Dawes. A. W. Robinson and A. W. Cur
verson for $2500, being the bonds on which
Curverson was released from custody
after his indictment by the United States
Grand Jury for passing counterfeit half
dollars in Eureka. Humboldt County. An
execution will be levied at once on the
property of the bondsmen.
This is the case in which the bondsmen
filed a demurrer, alleging that Alexander
Campbell Jr., an attorney, had by means
of false representations induced them to
go on Curverson's bonds, he being a
stranger to them. The demurrer was
overruled and they will be called upon
to pay.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,, FKIUAtf, MAY 13, 1898.
of the evening was a chorus of 100 male
voices, assisted by the audience. When
the chorus was concluded the audience
VACATIONS
ARE NOT TO
HIS LIKING
Huntington a Believer
in Continuous
Labor.
He Tells of the Cost of
"Explaining" to Leg
islators.
Reasons for Charging Vast
Sums to the Contingent
Fund.
HOW TO REACH THE TIMID
A Profitable Deal in Fuol That Was
Not in Accordanoo With
Law.
C. P. Huntington Is a firm believer In
the efficiency of long and continued la
bor. He thinks vacations are the in
ventions of lazy men, and should have
no place in the lives of men of affairs.
While waiting for the beginning of
his examination before Commissioner
Heacock yesterday Uncle Collis was
moved to refer to the subject of vaca
tions. He delivered himself in this
wise:
"One of our men came into my office
to-day and asked for a vacation. He
said he had been working steadily for
seven years and had not had so much
as two weeks' vacation during that pe
riod. I told him I had been hard at
work for sixty-three years and had
never had a fortnight's vacation dur
ing that time. I could not see that he
had any cause for complaint."
What the other man thought Is not of
record.
During the afternoon Judge Hayne
secured some valuable information
from the witness regarding the manner
in which great corporations influence
legislative bodies, the cost of this deli
cate work being charged to contingent
expenses. Other matters having par
ticular reference to the manner in
which the affairs of the Central Pa
cific Railroad Company have been con
ducted at the expense of the public and
the great profit of the witness and his
associates were touched upon, but
Huntington's faulty memory prevented
him from going into details.
"Is it not a fact," asked Judge Hayne,
"that in the original contract between
the Central Pacific Railroad and Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s Express Company there
was a clause in which the railroad
agreed not to engage in the express
business and not to employ any other
express company for a period of ten
years?"
"I believe there was some such agree
ment. We promised to protect them
against other companies engaged in the
same line of business whenever we
could do so legally. We never under
took to do anything illegal."
Judge Hayne then attempted to get
some information regarding the
finances of the Contract and Finance
Company.
"The late Senator Stanford testified
before the Pacific Railroad Commission
that at the time of the completion of
the Central Pacific Railroad the Con
tract and Finance Company owed sev
eral millions of dollars. Is that true?"
"That is very indefinite. It is my im
pression that the company owed some
thing more than seven million. I am
not sure about the amount, but that is
my impression. I kept the memoran
dum in my hat, and the exact figures
have slipped my mind now."
"I suppose the books of the Contract
and Finance Company would have con
tained the information if they had not
been destroyed, would they not?"
"Possibly they would. I am not sure
as to that. As to the books be
ing destroyed, I know nothing
about that. I never saw them. The
nearest I ever came to seeing them was
several years after the business of the
company had been closed. We wanted
to clear out the room where the books
were kept and Hopkins suggested that
manifested . Its appreciation of the
effort of the 100 male singers, assisted
by itself, with a storm of applause.
Following is to-day's programme:
AFTERNOON.
Overture. "Zampa".. Herold
"Darkies' Patrol" Lansing
Selection, "Lucia". Donnizftti
Waltz, "Wiener Bluf ■'.".'.'.'.*.'.'. Strauss
Scene and Mlserie, "Trovatore" Verdi
•'Songs of Scotland" Oodfrty
Selection, "Wizard of the Nile" Herbeit
March. "Golden Jubilee" Rogers
Dedicated to Past Grand Commander
Jacob H. Neft.
EVENING.
Bennett's Band. George W. Bennett,
Director. _. ...
Orerture, "America" ' Cat nln
Exhibition drill by the Drill Corps of California
Commandery No. 1. Knights Templar. R. P.
Hurlbut commanding
' 'Songs' ' Cappo
By Stephen Foster.
Address, "Our Flag"
By Hon. W. H L. Barnes.
Comet duet, "Rally Round the Flag"
By Howard and Ed Hurlbut.
Patriotic drill by the Ladles 1 California Drill
Corps.
Waltz, "Wizard of the Nile" Herbert
"A Kansas Two-Step" Pryor
Gems from the "Writings of Verdi".... Godfrey
"California Commandery March" Bennett
National anthem, "America"
Chorus by the Audlpnce.
THE IROQTJOIS HONORED.
The Name of the Patrol-Boat Fearless
Changed at the Bequest of
the Club.
The name of the tug Fearless, that was
purchased by the Navy Department a
few weeks ago to be converted into a
patrol-boat, has been changed to Iroquois.
The change was made at the request of
the Iroquois Club, and In acknowledg
ment of the honor given that organiza
tion the members of the club propose to
present the vessel with a silver service.
The managers of the Tivoli Opera House
have volunteered to give a benefit per
formance to assist in raising funds for
that purpose on Monday evening next.
The opera on the boards for that even
ing is "Ship Ahoy." Many new features
will be introduced into the play, and
among them will be a naval battle scene
between American and Spanish vessels.
Last of the Lane Lectures.
Dr. Albert Abrams will deliver the last of
the Lane lectures for the year this even
ing at Cooper Medical College. "What the
X Ray Has Done for Medicine in the Past
Year" will be his subject. The lecture
will be illustrated.
the easiest method of petting rid of
the books would be to burn them. But
'I do not know whether his suggestion
was carried into effect. As far as I am
concerned I wish they were still in ex
istence. I should like to see them and
I should like for you to have a look at
them."
"Don't you think those books are still
In existence?"
"I don't know, I'm sure. If they are,
I have been unable to locate them. I
wish I were sure about it."
Huntington admitted that the Con
tract and Finance Company received
for the work of building the Central
Pacific all of the Government subsidy
and all of the bonds and stock of the
road, and at the time of the comple
tion of the work the road owed the con
struction company pnmethingmore than
$6,000,000. The latter debt was liqui
dated, he Baid, by the issuance to the
construction company of bonds on the
land grant to the amount of $7,000,000.
He also said that the work of building
the road was hurried to completion be
cause o-f a desire to accommodate the
people of California and secure a great
er volume of trade for San Francisco,
and not for the purpose of getting
hands on as much of the Government
subsidy as possible.
"Does the Rocky Mountain Coal Com
pany supply the CentraJ Pacific and
Southern Pacific roads with coal?"
"It supplies the Central Pacific and
occasionally the Southern Pacific."
"What is your connection with the
coal company?"
"I am one of the stockholders in the
company."
"You are also a director of the Cen
tral Pacific road and president of the
Southern Pacific, are you not?"
"Yes."
"Then how do you reconcile your acts
with that section of the constitution of
the State of California which says
'No president, director, officer, agent or
employe of any railroad or canal com
pany shall be Interested, directly or In
directly, In the furnishing of material
or supplies to such company' "?
"Well, that don't seem to be very
definite, and I never paid much atten
tion to it. At any rate, I did sell fuel
to the roads, and if there was anything
to be made out of it I made it."
Huntingdon related at some length
how it was necessary to spend consid
erable sums of money each year in or
der to properly "explain" things to
members of legislative bodies. He said
it was frequently neeesary to hire the
constituents of Congressmen and Sen
ators to do such "explaining," because
it was Impossible for strangers to ap
proach sufficiently near to allow of con
fidential Intercourse.
"Some men," he said, "are very care
ful of their reputations, and that is per
fectly right. Tt may be that their repu
tations are somewhat tender and will
not stand much bruising. A great deal
of money used to be paid out here for
this purpose, but I put a stop to that
some years ago."
This admission regarding the use of
money in San Francisco and California
afforded an excellent opportunity for a
line of examination that would "be pro
ductive of some Information of real local
Interest. Had he been asked to tell, the
witness would no doubt have given the
inside history of how thousands of dollars
of hush money had been transferred from
the treasury of the railroad company to
the coffers of a certain San Francisco
newspaper that makes a specialty of pa
rading its virtues before the eyes of the
public. The witness would also have re
lated, no doubt, how this same newspaper
had for years levied blackmail on the cor
poration. It is quite possible that some
Information might have been gained re
garding the sums that have In the past
been expended in corrupting courts and
the State Legislature. But Judge Hayne
allowed the opportunity to pass, whether
intentionally or otherwise did not appear.
At any rate the opportunity was one of
a hundred similar ones that have come up
during the present examination without,
apparently attracting the attention of the
able gentlemen who are conducting the
inquiry.
The examination wtll be continued
to-day.
LOVE'S DREAM SHATTERED.
Mrs. O. E. Hubbard Wants J. E. Tib
betts Arrested for Embezzlement.
A warrant was issued yesterday by
Judge Ixiw for the arrest of J. E. Tib
betts. a horseman who has been living at
the Baldwin Hotel, on a charge of felony
embezzlement.
The complaining witness is Mrs. Q. E.
Hubbard. 1364 Market street. She alleges
that she fell in love with Tibbetts and on
or about May 2 gave him some money
and her diamond ring, valued at $200. and
gold watch, valued at $100, for safe keep
ing. She now alleges that Tibbetts has
appropriated the money and articles to
his own use and intends to leave the city.
Sutro Receives His Commission.
Charles W. Sutro was awarded Judg
ment for $1598 against Easton, Eldridge &
Co. yesterday by a jury in Judge Hunt's
court. Sutro claimed the money was due
him as commission for selling the Mont
gomery block property. The suit was
twice tried rWore, and the Juries were
unable to agree on a verdict.
Left a Valuable Estate.
Margaret V. Loughran has applied for
etters of administration on a $10,000 estate
eft by her husband, Thomas Loughran,
vho died on the oth inst.
Try our Jl Eyeglasses. 710 Market & 11 Q«ary,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ■ •
BSBB 8 82 88 88 8 8 8"8 88 88 88 88 8 8 8 8 88 8 is B'B 8888 88^88 88828888888888 88 5288 8 8 8 82 EZi 82 88 82 28 S3 8 8 52 82 8 SS
1 OUR GIGANTIC 1
[CONSOLIDATION SALEI
is _■ . ; . . : -- . ■:• . :.;.. - ■ss
j BEGINS SATURDAY, MAY 14. \
| Entire Los Angeles Stock Shipped Here for Clearance i
| AS PER THE FOLLOWING LETTER: |
|.. N »^««» J. J. O'Brien a Co. : "™ s
88  v S3
O» IMPORTERS OJ r- £.
I s — DPY GOODS—
I <WT : 8 ~r m< - NOT.ON 6 m PANCT GOCDS ..^"™£C; .„ .1
88 . **ir.,oll"'" """"".«;::«;.";■*""•" »
g» . . 103-20? m. S^f!INO »Tv SS
% &» t <#<>/ /VfW 7 tS9f
SS /A J^fD J y S~7y ff / S
88
SS >f
''"■'■> ' >'-•'■-'-'' J^-- U^' ' _>■ .- .^ .S3
r' jP // & 88
&■' -*&> ■ s&i&S s£jZi^> -&LJdx*4, -<&KU£SL>y, /fe&<rrL4 /Xifr6rri4 Z
88 a /7 ' *
SS /y *^ c°
88 '^c^' stlccJZesi, yL/i^c^t^;^J^<jQ^cC^C^ t^on/^yz^ S^/L y £z££?usz<>is€? ss
& 'T^i.tr^' A^clZ^sl* sZ^u&»z, &<A~e><? &£&£*/ < Z&&nc*z4?' tZgetrcKSzyKsC? a
88 '>:■; // /f / v a
SS " /• ' y / A - cm
c. / / / d? y §
88 ~f tf'ff S J" B
(^y /ffltLvi*L*£jL*y / ' 88
88 88
88 = 1%
g IMMENSE SHIPMENTS of the above>, Tlir DIppCQT RARPAINQ 11
ss goods are daily arriving and will be [ IML DIUULuI DflnUHlilO ss
% ready for sale Saturday morning at ( CUED fICCCDCn \ a
88 CUTS IN PRICES that make them / LffLII UrrCnLU i ss
88 ■ , —— z^zzz==z: . ■ij ,• c
■ ■■ r",'?^" I ■ - ~~ ; " . C*TATir« a
<*■• Flrkji'f MBm I MUKfc «
111 fj/i I jt J^B^w x^ Jfc #
!• Ulwal /B/wH^^ / SATFIRDAY
* Sale ( FI F Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / FVFNiNfi '«
c« - \Jr \J San Francisco. v ■ c ,
SBBB 82 88?8 88 83 Bgr':giBB 88g8 88g3gg8gSSg8g8 8g 88 8g S8 gg 88 S8 S8 88 88 88 88 S8 S8 S8 g8 BS S2 gj 88 88 88 88 88 8g 83 88 82 88 Si SBi SgSS
RED MEN ARE
TO CELEBRATE
Will Turn Out in the Fourth of
July Parade One Thou
sand Strong.
To Honor the Fiftieth Anniversary
of the Founding of the
Order.
The Improved Order of Red Men of San
Francisco and Alameda and their aux
iliary, the ladies' branch, known as the
Daughters of Pocahontas, are making ar
rangements for a grand celebration on
the Fourth of July in honor of this being
the jubilee year of the order, it having
been in existence fifty years.
A short time since, at the instance of
Montezuma Tribe No. 77 of this city, a
call was issued for a convention of dele
gates from the tribes and councils of
this city and those of Alameda County
for the purpose of making arrangements
for the celebration, and there was a good
attendance at the meeting. A number
of committees, each to perform certain
functions in order to bring about the
general result, were appointed, the fol
lowing named composing the general
committee: C. F.Burgman, Mrs. Annie E.
Bishop, H. T. Hutt, W. J. Robinson,
Frederick Brandt.
At a subsequent meeting it was decided
that the celebration should be a division
of the Fourth of July parade and to be
composed entirely of members. of the or
der. From present indications, based
on promises made in tribes and councils,
it is expected that the division will have
in It 1000 Red Men. There will be floats
on which will be presented historical
scenes of the history of the North Amer
[ ican Indians. There will be a company
[of about one hundred members in Indian
costumes, representing warriors and
chiefs, and in addition the members of
the order will parade wearing the attrac
tive regalia. The members of the coun
cils will not only add to the attractiveness
of the parade by their presence, but they
will make a grand display at the ball to
be given in the evening in Native Sons'
Hall.
F. A. Whlpple of Fort Bragg, the great
sachem of the reservation of California,
has invited Robert T. Daniel of Griffin,
Ga. , the great incohonee of the order, to
visit California in time to take part in the
celebration.
BOAT SIGHTED BOTTOM UP.
Bark S. C. Allen Sees a Derelict
Thirty-six Miles West of
Point Reyes.
The bark S. C. Allen, which arrived at
this port yesterday sugar laden from
Honolulu, reports sighting a boat bottom
up about thirty-six miles west of Point
Reyes. It was 2 o'clock Thursday morn
ing when the lookout discerned the boat
drifting close to the bark. A3 near as
he could make out the derelict was be
tween twenty and thirty feet long, about
eight feet beam and was painted either
black or brown.
The description fits one of the many
fishing smacks that ply their trade in
these waters, and although the fishermen
have not as yet reported any of their
number as missing it is highly probable
that another accident has befallen one
or more of them and the poor unfortu
nates have gone the way of many of
their companions.
No further information was obtainable
from the Allen, as she kept her course
and the upturned boat passed on and
finally disappeared from view.
Benefits of 8.-ing a Pauper.
Lee Wong, a Chinese convicted a few
days ago of selling a box of unstamped
cigars, was sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven.
Malvern M. Foote made a plea for mercy
on behalf of the Mongol, who, he said,
was a poor man without money to pay his
counsel, and who was ignorant of tho
complicated system of American internal
revenue laws. The court remarked that
there was no minimum punishment In
such cases. The statute prescribed a
maximum penalty only, a fine of JoO or
imprisonment until paid. This sentence
would make of the prisoner an inmate of
the City Prison for life were It not that
the law allows a defendant in such cases
to take the oath of a pauper, which will
set him at liberty after thirty days' im
prisonment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EUROPE HAS TROUBLES
ENOUGH OF HER OWN,
washing her soiled linen, without in-
terfering in our flttle scrap. You will
find you have troubles enough of your
own, too, if you take your soiled linen to a
poor laundry. Be on the safe side and
bring it here, where we take special
pains to render it beautiful in color
and perfect in finish.
United States Laundry Office, 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420.