VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 175.
PRACTICAL ULTIMATUM
PRESENTED TO SPAIN
CASH OFFER
MADE FOB THE
PHILIPPINES
Twenty Millions for a
Treaty Cession.
THEIR FINAL PROPOSITION
gIQNIFTCANT REMARKS ' UT
TERED BY JUDGE DAY.
Americans Preferred Not to Resume
Hostilities — Arbitration Re
jected as Being Entirely
Unnecessary.
PARIS, Nov. 21.— The United States
Peace Commissioners have undoubted
ly made their final proposition here.
"When the conference opened this
afternoon Judge Day, addressing Senor
Montero Rios and his colleagues of the
Spanish Commission, recurred to the
protracted negotiations and reaffirmed
the desire of the American Commis-
W? R.DAY CUSHhte^KO&VtS 'W9 P. FRY WHITEtAW REU> GEOR GRAY j°HH BASSETTKOQRe
AMERICAN PEACE COMMISSION, WITH SECRETARY MOORE IN ATTENDANCE,
IN SESSION AT PARIS-
Bioners to reach an amicable con
clusion.
Then, handing the American presen
tation to the interpreter. Judge Day
concluded his remarks by saying that
the Americans, preferring not to -break
the armistice or to resume hostilities,
had determined to present another and
final proposition which he hoped would
lead to a speedy and amicable adjust
ment.
That portion of the presentation set
ting forth the new proposal that
the United States must have pos
session of the entire Philippine archi
pelago, with a tender- of $20,000,000
for a treaty cession of the islands, was
then read. Without betraying their
mental attitude the Spanish Commis
pinnprs suggested an adjournment un
til Wednesday.
The new proposition, with its collat
erals, was embodied toward the end of
the American memorandum, which fill
ed thirty typewritten sheets. Only this
part was read in the joint session, the
memorandum then being delivered to
the Spaniards for translation by their
own staff.
Spain's proposition to invoke the of
fices of a third power to construe the
words "control, disposition and govern
ment of the Philippines" was rejected
by the American commissioners on the
ground that the diction of the third ar
ticle of the protocol, dealing with the
Philippines, is so broad and clear as to
afford no justification for arbitration
ac between the parties to the agree
ment.
An analysis of the American memo
randum shows that | all other sugges
tions and considerations hinge upon
treaty cessions at the amount named
by the United States and with
in two weeks. In the event of cession,
Spain may enjoy for a term of twelve
yr-nrs rights of commerce in the Phil
ippines equal to those of the United
: Statfß. If the United States acquire
the islands by conquest Spain may not
enjoy such rights.
Should Spain refuse cession she would
remain liable for indemnity claims, na
The San Francisco Call
tional and individual, since the out
break of the last Cuban insurrection.
Should she refuse she would also lose,
probably, as further indemnity for the
expense of conquest, one of the Caro
lines, which she may now sell; and
other cable privileges within Spanish
jurisdiction might be taken by the
United States without any return to
Spain for them.
This evening the Spaniards, doubt
less, do not know whether they will ac
cept or reject the American terms.
They are telegraphing the substance of
the American memorandum to Madrid
and they expect a reply at Wednes
day's meeting.
Possibly they may conclude that be
cause one money offer is made another
and larger offer may follow pressure
upon the American Commissioners.
But if this be their expectation It
will not be realized. The American
terms, submitted almost at the close of
the eight weeks of patient hearing and
painstaking argument, are a practical
ultimatum.
WHAT OCCURRED AT
THE JOINT^CONFERENCE
Substance of the Final Terms Sub
mitted to the Spanish Com
missioners.
PARIS, Nov. 21. — The Spanish and
j American Peace Commissions met In
I joint session at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
I The Americans declared they must
j have the entire Philippine archipelago
| and for a treaty cession of the islands
! the Americans tendered to Spain $20,
j 000.000.
It was further declared that it Is the
I purpose of the United States to main-
tain in the Philippine Island* an "open
door" to the world's commerce.
On the tei ma named#the United States
proposes mutual rellnquishment of all
claims for indemnity, national or per
sonal, subsequent to the outbreak of
the last Cuban insurrection.
November 28 is fixed as the date on
which the United States Commission
desires a definite response to to-day's
propositions and all other' subjects In
issue here.
It was also declared that the United
States desire a treaty on the religious
freedom of the Caroline Islands, as
agreed upon between the United States
and Spain in 1886; also the acquisition
of one of the Caroline Islands for an
American naval station and of cable
landing rights at oxher places in Span
ish jurisdictir n, and the revival of cer
tain Spanish-American treaties here
tofore in force.
SPAIN WILL CONCEDE ALL THE
DEMANDS OF THE UNITED STATES
This Is the Confident Belief of President
McKinley and His Advisers, Based
on Official Dispatches.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The Herald's Washington correspondent sends the following! War
with Spain will not be resumed. Spain's Peace Commissioners reluctantly, and probably
with formal protests, will sign the treaty of peace within less than a fortnight, embody
ing in full all the demands made by tho United States. This Is the confdent belief of Presi
dent McKinlcy and his official advisers, based upon the logic o* the situation as well as upon
official dispatches received by Secretary Hay from Judge Day, chairman of the American
commission, this evening.
SAN FBANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
The Americans also refused to arbi
trate article 3 of the peace protocol,
bearing upon the future disposition and
control of the Philippine Islands.
The meeting was then adjourned until
Wednesday.
The memorandum of the American
Commission embodying the above
propositions is long and waß not read |
in full. The vital portions, however,
were communicated verbally to the
Spanish Commissioaers in practically
these terms:
The fact was cited that the proposal
presented by the American Commis
sioners on behalf of the Government
for the cession of the Philippine Isl
ands to the United States having been
rejected by the Spanish Commissioners
and the counter proposal of the latter
for the withdrawal of the Americans
from the islands and the payment of an
indemnity by the United States to
Spain having been rejected by the
Americans, the latter deeming it es
sential that the present negotiations,
already greatly protracted, should be
brought to an early definite conclusion,
now begged to present a new proposi
tion embodying the concession, which,
for the sake of -eace, their Government
would, under the circumstances, be
willing to tender.
The Government of the United States
Is unable to modify the proposal here
tofore made for the cession of the entire
archipelago of the Philippines, but the
American Commissioners are author
ized to offer to Spain, in case the ces
sion should be agreed to, the sum of
$20,000,000, to be paid in accordance with
the terms fixed with the treaty of
peace. It being the intended policy of
the United States to maintain in the
Philippines an open door to the world's
commerce, the American Commission
ers are prepared to Insert in the treaty
now in contemplation a stipulation to
the effect that, for a term of years,
Spanish ships and merchandise shall be
admitted into Philippine ports on the
! same terms as American ships and
i merchandise.
The American Commissioners are
also authorized and are prepared to in-
Bert in the treaty in connection with
the cession of territory by Spain to the
United States a provision for the mu
tual relinquishment of all claims for
indemnity, national and individual, of
every kind, of the United States against
Spain, and of Spain against the United
States that may have arisen since the
beginning of the late Cuban insurrec
tion and prior to the conclusion of the
treaty of peace.
Next followed the terms nearest ap
proaching to a formal ultimatum to
Spain:
"The United States Commissioners
express the hope that they may receive
from the Spanish Commissioners on or
before Monday, the 28th inst., definite
and final acceptance of the proposals
made as to the Philippines in connec
tion also with the demands as to Cuba,
Porto Rico and the other Spanish
Islands of the West Indies and Guam,
in the form in which these demands
have been provisionally agreed to. In
this event it will be possible for the
joint commission to continue its ses
sions and proceed to the consideration
and adjustment of' other matters, in
cludingthose which, as subsidiary and
incidental to the principal provisions,
should form part of the treaty of
peace." ,
It was at this juncture that the
Americans notified the Spaniards that
they desired to treat of the religious
freedom of the Carolines, as agreed to
twelve years ago; also of the release of
political prisoners now held by Spain
in connection with the insurrections in
Cuba and the Philippine Islands; also
of the taking over of the islands of Ku
saie, or Ualan, In the Carolines, for a
telegraphic and naval station; also of
cable station rights at other points in
Spain's jurisdiction; also of the renewal
of certain treaties previously in force
between the United States and Spain,
and which may have lapsed or been
vitiated by war.
CONCEDE THE GENEROSITY
OF THE UNITED STATES
English Press Express Gratification
Over the Proposed ''Open
Door" Policy.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— The morning pa
pers concede the generosity of the
offe: of the United States Peace Com
m loners, and express the opinion
that Spain would be foolish to reject
them. They express universal gratifica
tion at the announcement of an "open
door" policy in the Philippines.
~'- Daily Mail ca! the offer of $20,
000.000 as Indemnity, '"a surprising
act of generosity."
The r-oners generally take It for
r*- nted that the "onen door" will be
adopted in the West Indies also.
The Daily News says: The United
States have now become an Asiatic
power, and Lord Salisbury clearly had
reason to predict that the expansion of
the United States wouK. give Great
Britain a valuable ally in China seas.
REPORTED RESIGNmTION
OF COMMISSIONER RIOS
It Causes Sensational Articles to Be
Published in the Washington
Newspapers.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— 1n conse-
quence of the report from Paris that
Senor Rios, president of the Paris con
ference, had withdrawn and that this
indicated a rupture of negotiations, the
Washington papers were to-night filled
with all kinds of warlike matter, but
there is no occasion for these alarm
ing reports of a probable renewal of
hostilities.
The Call correspondent was informed
by a member of the Cabinet to-night
that Senor Rios' res'gnation, if it took
place, did no-t Indicate the discontinu
ance of negotiations for peace and that
Spain would appoint his successor on
the conference commission.
It is surmised that Senor Rios' resig
nation may have been tendered because
he foresees disagreement and, owing
to the condition of affairs in Spain at
this time, did not wish to be held even
in part responsible for her humiliation
which, in his opinion, is bound to fol
low her relinquishment of sovereignty
over the Philippines.
JAMES ALVA WATT ACCUSED
OF ACCEPTING A BRIBE
FROM MOSES H. SHERMAN
Sensational Developments in the Scandalous
History of the People's Home
Savings Bank.
Alleged Crime Committed to Secure the Appointment
of J. F. Sheehan as Receiver of
the Institution.
The •onspirators who ruined the Pa
cific Bank and the People's Home Sav
ings Bank and their confidential ad
visors who assisted them in the de
struction of the institutions were good
and prolific letter writers. In its ex
pose of the wrecking of the banks The
Call has produced many sensational
letters, but it will discuss this morn-
Ing an epistle perhaps more sensa
tional than the others. The Call has
shown over the signature of Dr. R. H.
McDonald and in the handwriting of
his sons that the McDonald family,
while they controlled the McDonald
banks, were thieves. Moses H. Sher
man has proved to the people of this
city over his own signature that he is
a, corrupter of public officials, a briber
of City Councils and the debaser of
Bank Commissioners.
The Call has also in its possession a
letter in which /Moses H. Sherman is
accused of having paid four thousand
dollars to J. Alva Watt of this city for
Ith i , appoint meat ,<& .; John F. Sheehan as .:
the receiver of th People's Home Sav
ings Bank. The letter i- In which this
sensational accusation was made par
ticularizes every detail of the alleged
transaction even to the time and place
when it is charged the money was paid.
The history of the events which led up
to this alleged crooked deal between
the Los Angeles manipulator and the
attorney are of grave moment. Sher
man has already shown himself not
only of being capable of such a trans
action, but, according to his own as
sertion and boasts, of having been
party to similar deals.
There is absolute proof that when the
People's Home Savings Bank, failed
Moses H. Sherman was deeply involved
financially in the bank. Mixed in the
affairs of the institution were very
valuable interests of his own. Durins:
his 'manipulation of the Pacific Bank
and the People's Home Savings Bank
he had given some valuable properties
as security for heavy loans made to
him. He had placed upon the bonds of
his worthless Phoenix investments his
own indorsement which made him per
sonally responsible for the repayment
of the money he had obtained. This
meant to Mr. Sherman an aggregate
loss of, a sum of money of at least 5200,-
000, and he plotted with every energy
he possessed to control the liquidation
of the People's Home Savings Bank.
There Is absolutely no question that
Sherman determined to dictate every
Incident In the final close of these
banks. He had been the principal fac
tor in ruining both banks, and he was
so deeply Interested financially that he
Intended to lose no trick In winding up
the institutions which he had ruined.
To do this he had to control the At
torney General, the Bank Commission
ers, the receiver and the board of di
rectors of the defunct institutions. His
one great purpose was to nullify the
effect of every good security he had
given and to release himself from the
heavy financial obligations und?r which
he had placed himself to the People's
Home Savings Bank during th-> years
that he had induced the manager and
directors of the bank to loan him such
tremendous sums of money.
After the People's Home Savings
Bank failed Sherman found that It was
not as easy as he expected to control
the action of the directors. He has al
ready shown in one of his letters, writ
ten as late as January 10, 1894, that he,
was very far from the accomplishment
of his dishonest purpose. His frantic
letter in which he declared his fear
that he could not control the directors
of the People's Bank has already been
published. His dread that the Grand
Jury would indict him and that the di
rectors of the People's Bank would
compel him to pay his just obligations
drove him practically crazy.
No better evidence than his own let
ter is needed to prove that at that time,
only three months before tbe appoint
ment of a receiver, he was still schem
ing in desperation to protect himself
from the consequences of his own con
spiracy. The People's Home' Savings
Bank had passed through a series of
exciting events since the failure of the
institution. There was still some hope
that the bank might be reopened upon
an honest, sound financial basis. Con
ference after conference was held and
the Attorney General and the Bank
Commissioners determined to make a
more thorough investigation than had
already been instituted. There were
many reasons for this action. In the
first place the j-ttorney General was
still favorably disposed toward the Mc-
Donalds, who still had some hop© of
retaining control ol tho bani. Slier.
man was fighting to keep his clutch
upon the defunct institution and he
still had tremendous influence with the
Bank Commissioners. It was natural
to suppose that he would take one of
two courses that were open to him.
He could first attempt if he chose to
reopen the bank and thus conceal his
enormous indebtedness to the institu
tion. If the bank were reopened
through the efforts of the Bank Com
missioners and the Attorney General
Sherman's victory would be won with
out any unnecessary expense or public
scandal. A second course was still
open to Sherman if it became inevitable
that the People's Home Savings Bank
must go into liquidation. If this con
tingency arose, and it seemed highly
probable, Sherman intended to control
the liquidation and thus protect him
self from the repayment of the enor
mous sum of money that he had bor
rowed or of the sacrifice of the valuable
securities that he had pledged.
It was thus palpable that Sherman
had tremendous interests to protect and
an Imperative reason to demand the
control and manipulation of the bank.
In the letter that The Call has In its
possession the statement is made that
Sherman explained his predicament
and announced his intention to control
the receiver and his attorney if a re
ceiver had to be appointed. When At
torney peneral Hart and the Bank
Commissioners decided to make a more
thorough investigation of the affairs of
the People's Home Savings Bank to
determine whether or not the institu
tion could be reopened upon a sound
and solvent basis they looked around
for a disinterested and capable person
to make the necessary investigation of
the affairs of the bank.
This person was General "Warfleld,
who had had considerable experience
in banking affairs and was then lessee
of the Baldwin Hrrtel. "When the Bank
Commissioners came to their conclusion
great excitement prevailed in the public
mind over the affairs of the bank.
Squabble after squabble had taken
place and many a transaction that
would not bear scrutiny had intensified
the public's feeling against every one
connected with the bank. When War
field agreed to accept the duty of mak
ing an investigation of the affairs of
the bank he deemed it necessary to pro
vide himself with a bodyguard. The
incident occasioned considerable inter
est at the time. After Warfield had
concluded hfs investigation of the as
sets of the People's Home SaviDgs
Bank the Bank Commissioners and At
torney General Hart determined to
force the institution into liquidation.
This meant, as already Indicated, the
appointment of a permanent receiver.
The days of the existence of the bank
were over. The only duty that re
mained was to wind up its affairs and
pay its depositors and creditors what
ever amount of money the assets could
bring. As already described, Moses H.
Sherman was determined to control the
liquidation of this bank. He did not
care who was appointed receiver as
long as the receiver would accept the
dictation of Sherman* and protect Sher
man in his dishonest scheme to evade
the payment of his Just obligations to
the bank. Sherman wished particularly
to control the actions of the attorney
who would act for the receiver.
The wily schemer of Los Angeles be
lieved that he could ? not control War
field, who was then temporarily acting,
and was the candidate, of W. H. H.
Hart for the permanent receivership.
Sherman did not care who the receiver
•was with the exception that it was not
Warfield. This in outline was the con
dition of affairs up to the ; time of the
incidents that are described in every
detail in the letter which is now in the
possession of The Call. * .
The writer of this letter declares that
in the latter part of April. 1894. J. Alva
Watt came to him. understanding that
he had :at that time considerable in
fluence in the affairs of the " People's
Home Savings Bank, and asked him to
use his influence so that Watt could se
cure the appointment as ' attorney to
the receiver. Aftef some discussion of
the matter the writer declares that he
gave Watt distinctly to understand
that If he were appointed attorney he
must guarantee to , protect the varied
. interests of MoSea H. Sherman In the
People's Home Savings Bank. The let
ter continues, asserting that Watt gave
the necessary promise, and the writer
of the letter then conferred with Sher
man. - The result of this' conference, so
the letter reads, was that Watt and the
writer again met and Watt was V as
sured -. that 'If• ho could name a service-
Able man as ■ receiver that man would
■ . ■ -. . ■ • ■ ■ ■• r
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
be chosen and Watt would be made his
attorney.
This arrangement seemed perfectly
satisfactory at the time, but apparently
was unsatisfactory a few hours later.
The writer of the letter declares that
Watt came to him and told him in con
sternation that in order to secure the
appointment of his man as receiver It
would be necessary for him to obtain
$5000, with which to "fix" the Judge.
Having received Watt's startling
announcement, the writer of the letter,
which is now in the possession of The
Call, declares that he held another
conference with Moses H. Sherman,
who, after the nqjgnta\,*nd physical tor*
ture which accompanied every demand
made upon him for money, agreed to
give $4000 and no more. Sherman, as
already described by The Call in its
expose, invariably insisted on striking
a bargain even if it were a bargain to
bribe. The startling letter In which
these serious allegations are made next
asserts that late that evening, on the
last day of April, r;»4, in a room at the
Baldwin Hotel, J. Alva Watt Avas In
troduced to Moses H. Sherman, and th«
writer of the letter left the room.
Shortly afterward it is alleged Watt
left Sherman's apartments and the
writer of the letter returned. Sherman,
it is alleged, then told him that he had
paid the money to Watt for the pur
pose indicated by the attorney and
with the payment of $4000 in green
backs another deal had been consum
mated. He declared subsequently that
Watt afterward demanded $2000 for his
own services. In conjunction with this
most extraordinary affair the testimony
of several people is of very greai im
portance.
Th# records of the court show that
a few hours after the alleged transac
tion took place between Moses H. Sher
(man and J. Alva Watt, in a room at
the Baldwin Hotel, John F. Sheehan
was appointed permanent receiver of
the People's Home Savings Bank. The
ajjeged deal between Sherman and the
attorney, It is claimed, was not con
cluded until after midnight on April
30, 1894. The following morning when
the complaint of the Attorney General
was called for hearing in court the an
nouncement was made that Sheehan
had been appointed. This announce
ment came as a bombshell to Attorney
General Hart and General Warfleld. It
had been understood that General
Warfleld was to be appointed the re
ceiver. Shortly after he and Hart en
tered thp courtroom Hart, so Warfield
claims, approached the Judge's seat
and engaged him in a whispered con
versation. In a .few moments Hart re
turned and motioned Warfield to go
outside of the courtroom for a few mo
ments.
Hart then told Warfleld that John F.
Sheehan and not Warfleld had been ap
pointed receiver, and that some crooked
work was done. Soon after the appoint
ment of John F. Sheehan as receiver
of the People's Home Savings Bank
James Alva Watt was appointed at
torney for the receiver at a salary of
$500 a month.
THE JUDGE AND
THE RECEIVER
Hebbard Tells How Sheehan
Was Appointed to the
Place;
Judge Hebbard was Judge of Depart
ment No. 4 of. the Superior Court when
the complaint for the appointment of
a receiver for the People's Home Sav
ings Bank came up. It was assigned to
him and he appointed the receiver. Hi 3
story of the events of the appointment
is as follows: :
. "Some days before the question of a
receiver was brought before me I met
Colonel Kowal3ky on the street and
he asked me whom I was going to ap
point as referee in the People's Home
Savings Bank. I said I had not con
sidered the matter and then, he asked
me to name General Warfleld, as in
case Warfield was appointed he would
get the , attorneyship. " I made no defi
nite reply and nothing more was said.
A day or so after General Hart came
into my court with 'an order appointing
a receiver which he wished me to : fill
out and' sign. He said he would like to
have General Warfield appointed, but
I told him the receiver was a man
•whom I was in a way responsible for
and v I wanted to put in a man 1I 1 knew.
I - told him General Sheehan had done
excellent service in the Emeric-Alvara
do cuae and X knew him to be a. com2
petent man and I would appoint him.
Hart said that w:is all right; that
Sheehan was a pood man and he was
willing to let him have the place.
"] elgrned the order after Sheehan's
name had been filled in. It was then
about noon.
"That same afternoon I saw Alva
Watt. He sroke to me about the re
ceivership and asked me to appoint
ral WarflelcL He said if I ap
pointed Warfield ho would get the po
sition of attorney. I told him Ko
walsky had made the same statement
to me and he said Kowalsky was
wrong; -at he was to get the job. It
was then I told him I had appointed
Sheehan. Watt never knew of the ap
pointment until some hours after it had
been mnde.
■fie then asked me if I would not
make him the receiver's attorney. I
referred him to Sheehan, saying that
. matter for the receiver to settle
himself and that if he was agreeable to
Sheehan he was agreeable to me. I be
lieve this was in the Union I-eag-ue
< iub rooms and if I am not mistaken
an was there at the time. 1 think
Watt hunted him up and in a few
ea returned to me and told mo it
all right. Sheehan himself fol
lowed him. He confirmed what Watt
had said.
•'That night, I think it was, I ac
. Sheehan's bond. His bondsmen
Dan Cole and Pan Burns. The
tment and the
I all on the same day-
May 1, 1894.
•"I never had any dealings with Watt
ne else about this case. I
never even allowed Watt or Sheehan
any compensation. 1 told Sheehan at
the time erf his appointment that it was
not at all certain he would get any
money for his work and that any way
■ k to me for it. What, vei
:om the direc- j
f the bank and what money was
allowed his attorney, Mr. Watt, was
also allowed through the directors. My
only reasi appointing Sheehan
were that he had done good work in
arado case, which was
mo, and he was a son-in-law of
Judge Wallace who at that time I
thought was my friend."
The complaint upon which the re
ceiver was appointed was filed by the
Attorney General for the people of the
State on the relation of W. H. Knight
J. B. Fuller, at that time Bank
Commissioners. It declared that the
People's Home Bank was in a state of
confusion and that there was urgent
■ one with authority to
: of the affairs of the institu
attend to its business.
Mike O'Connor, who was clerk of De
nt 4 at the time Sheehan was ap
pointed, has no recollection of the ap
pointment, but he n-members going
down to the Union League Club one
evening in company with Judge Heb
baad. Sheehan and Watt and waiting
until Dan Burns came in, when a bond
was drawn up, accepted by the Judge
and signed by him as a deputy county
clerk.
WARFIELD TELLS
WHAT HE KNOWS
The General Recalls How Shee
han Got the Receivership
Ahead of Him.
General R. H. Warfield, who was
asked by the Bank Commissioner and |
Attorney-General Hart to accept the j
receivership of the People's Home Bank I
and was turned down lsy Judge Heb- ;
bard, gave the details of his limited !
connection with the wrecked institution
to a Call reporter. He said:
"I cannot remember the exact dates,
but the incidents I am about to relate
occurred a short time after the failure
of the Pec-pie's Home Bank. 1 was then
manager of the Baldwin Hotel. One I
afternoon Attorney General Hart came
to me and said that he and the Bank
Commissioners were greatly worried
over the affairs of the defunct bank,
and that they were anxious to secure i
the services of an experienced banker j
as receiver. He asked me if I would j
take charge and close up the business. \
I replied that Mr. Baldwin's consent i
would first be necessary. The Attor- j
ney General went with me to Mr. Bald- j
win and laid the matter before him.
Mr. Baldwin readily gave his consent,
at which Mr. Hart appeared greatly
pleased.
"At that time thousands of excited
depositors were assembled in front of I
the bar.k and General Hart felt some j
hesitancy about going over there, and 1 j
he expressed his fears to me. Not
knowing the exact condition of affairs I
telephoned to Dave Xagle and he came j
to the hotel. Nagle. Hart and I then j
went to the bank and no one offered to ;
molest us.
"I made a cursory examination of the
books, after which Attorney General
Hart asked me to give him an estimate
on the cost of winding up the business. I
I figured that the outside expense
ought not to exceed $1200 a month for
the first two or three months and about i
$500 a month thereafter. This estimate I
seemed to surprise the Bank Commis- j
sioners when Mr. Hart reported to i
them. In a subsequent interview I j
g-aVe a detailed plan how this result
could be achieved.
"The day following this Interview (
with Hart Bank Commissioner Fuller j
came to me and assured me that the
commission was a unit in favor of my
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rustic Scenes
On Heliotrope Ground. Cake
Plate fio m ports, Salad Dish
Given an ay free wtih
Americans Best
Teas. Coffees. Spices
Great American Import'gTea Co.
861 Market. 07. Powell "05 Larkin St.
140 sixth St.' 1419 Polk St.
2 1 8 Third st. IS 19 Devlsadero St.
500 Kcarny St. 2008 Fillmore St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1 190 Kentucky St.
3000 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 lla yes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053 Washington^. 131 San Pablo Aye.
917 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. , • /
Af.A.M EDA— I3SS Park St&S^
SAN KAFAEI.— B St., near Fourth.
We also sell
China, C rocker y ' G LA6SWARE
Cheapest Price* in America
Write for Catalogue*.
QUAY, HIS SON AND
OTHERS INDICTED
Charged With CoQspiracy to Un
lawfully Use Public Money iQ
tf)e People's Ban^.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 21.— The Grand Jury to-day presented to
the County Court true bills of indictment against United States Sen
ator M. S. Quay, his son Richard R. Quay and ex-State Treasurer
Benjamin Haywood, all charged with conspiracy to unlawfully use
public moneys deposited in the People's National Bank of this city
for the purchase and sale of stocks and for other purposes not au
thorized by law. John S. Hopkins, former cashier of the People's
Bank, now dead, is nameu as a party to the conspiracy.
Subsequ : to the presentation of the Indictments District Attor
ney Graham appeared in court and asked for permission to with
draw the attachments obtained for the appearance before the Grand
Jury of Cashier William Montgomery of the Allegheny National
Bank of Pittsburg and Cashier Steph9n B. Stone of the Beaver De
posit Bank of Beaver, Pa.
The District Attorney stated that he had desired to present to the
Grand Jury through the two cashiers named certain evidence in the
suit against Senator Quay and others, but as this matter had now
passed out ••" the hands of the Grand Jury their presence would not
be needed until the case was brought to trial. He intimated that
he would -then demand their appearance as witnesses and would also
Insist upon the* production of certain books and papers of those
banks.
The court granted the District Attorney's request and the attach
ments for the cashiers were ordered canceled.
The true bills returned by the Grand Jury are five In number.
The first charges M. S. Quay with conspiring with John S. Hopkins
for unlawful use of the money of the People's Bank in the purchase
and sale of the stocks of various corporations for the account,
benefit and profit of M. S. Quay.
The second indictment charges M. S. Quay with conspiring with
John S. Hopkins to unlawfully buy and sell stocks, knowing that the
said Hopkins was cashier of the People's Bank.
<The third indictment charges Benjamin J. Haywood, M. S. Quay
ami Richard R. Quay with conspiracy to convert to their own uses
$100,000 of th public money of the State on December 1, 1896, when
Haywood was the State Treasurer of Pennsylvania and also with
the use of the $100,000.
The fourth bill charges M. S. Quay and Benjamin J. H: ywood
with conspiracy, together with John S. Hopkins, William Livsay, Wil
liam B. Hart, Henry K. Boyer, John W. Morrison, Samuel M. Jack
son and Charles H. McKee, on March 28, IS9B, unlaw. .ly to use and
did use to make profit certain large sums of public money of the
commonwealth which had been deposited in the People's Bank by
the several State treasurers. Of those named Messrs. Quay, Liv
say, Hart, Boyer, Morrison, Jackson and Haywood had been State
Treasurers, succeeding each other in the order named. -•
The nfth and last bih charges Benjamin J. Haywood as State
Treasurer with unlawfully loaning $100,000 of State money, which it
is alleged went to Richard R. Quay, and also with receiving pecu
niary benefit from the deposit of State money in the People's Bank.
M. 6. Quay, with his son, Richard R. Quay, arrived here from
San Lucie, Fla., to-day, to which place they went over a week ago.
They declined to discuss the indictments 'found against them. They
were for some time closeted with their counsel. It is probable they
will appear in court to-morrow to plead to the charges contained in
the indictments and, as District Attorney Graham will press for an
immediate trial, there is likelihood of the case being called for trial
on Wednesday.
appointment as receiver. The next day
I think it was, anyway only a few
hours elapsed, the entire commission,
with Attorney General Hart, called at
the "hotel and asked me to be prepared
to go to Judge Hebbard's court the
following morning. At the appointed |
time I went with the gentlemen to the
City Hall, confidently expecting to be
immediately appointed as receiver of i
the savings bank.
"We went into Judge Hebbard's j
courtroom. Attorney General Hart ;
held a short consultation with the i
Judge and then returned to where I j
was sitting. He said to me: "Come into
the other room. We've got to talk this
over.' We wont to the Judge's cham
bers and as soon as the door eloped !
Hart said: 'Something has happened ;
here that I don't understand. Judge J
Hebbard has "'ready appointed Gen- 1
eral John F. Sheehan as receiver of the
People's Bank.' The Bank Commis- j
sioners seemed greatly surprised and i
expressed their inability to comprehend ]
Judge Hebbard's action in refusing to |
appoint me, as I was the choice of the |
whole commission. That ended my con- j
nection with the Bank Commissioners j
and the People's Home Savings Bank, j
I said I had no complaint to make and |
returned to my duties at the hotel.
"I do not know why Judge Hebbard I
substituted General Sh^ehan for me."
JUDGE HEBBARD
CONTRADICTED
Attorney James Alva Watt
Says He Did Not Urge Any
One for Receiver.
James Alva Watt, -who acted as at
i torney for Receiver Sheehan and the
' People's Home Savings Bank, em
phatically denies that he in any way
', sought to have Sheehan appointed. Mr.
' Watt authorizes the following inter
view:
"Any statement or any letter which
says I asked for or received any sum
of money from any person or persons
! connected with the People's Home or
; Pacific Banks, said money to be used
I either directly or indirectly for the pur-
J pose of influencing Judge Hebbard in
appointing a receiver favorable to any
j one interested in the banks, does me a
gross injustice lind is a wicked, vil
lainous He.
"I never received $4000 or any sum of
! money from M. H. Sherman, directly
or indirectly. I never handled any
money in this or any other case except
for legitimate purposes."
Replying to a question Mr. Watt said
Judge HebbardljHaa mistaken in saying
that he (Watt) urged the appointment
of General Warfleld as receiver, and
that he CWatt) would be Warfleld's at
: torney. Mr. Watt's words are:
•'I do not wish to contradict Judge
Hebbard, but he is certainly mistaken.
I did not ask him to appoint General
' Warfield nor did I tell him I was to be
; Warfleld's attorney if he was put in
! charge of the bank's affairs. The
i Judge is again mistaken when he says
I I requested him to have myself ap
' pointed attorney for the receiver. I do
1 not remembov having had any conver
sation with Judge Hebbard regarding
j the receivership until after the appoint
! ment of General Sheehan. My recollec
[ tion.of the incidents relating to this
! appointment and the way I became at
i torney for the receiver and the bank is
' somewhat uncertain, but is substan
tially as follows:-^.
"I received the first Intimation of
General Sheehan's appointment from
! him. I was at homo, sick, and did not
! come down town in the forenoon of the
' day the appointment was made. Short
,ly after noon General Sheehan tele
phoned me, asking me to come down
| town as he wished to see me on im
j portant business. I do not remember
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CAIX, TUESDAY, ISrOVEMBER 22, 1898.
. whether he told me then or when I
met him at the Union League Club of
his appointment. Anyway, we met «,t
the club and he told me about his ap
pointment and requested me to prepare
his bonds.
"I went to my office, prepared the
bonds and returned to the Union
League. Sheehan had arranged for
sureties, they were present and signed
the bonds. I then Went to a notary
I and secured the acknowledgments to
j the necessary affidavits. It was then
; late in the afternoon and we knew
Judge Hebbard had left his chambers.
In the evening we met the Judge and
he approved the bonds. I had abso
| lately nothing to do with securing the
| appointment of General Sheehan and
; my appointment as his attorney was
| unsought. Since that date I under
1 stand that the receiver consulted with
. his Honor and mv name was suggested
|by Sheehan. This was satisfactory to
the Judge and I took charge of the
j legal questions involved.
"At the time the receiver was ap
i Pointed I did not know M. H. Sherman
| and dfd not meet him until weeks after
i ward. I had only a bowing asquaint
; ance with A. F. Johns and was on un
| friendly terms with Dorn & Dorn and
j the McDonalds.
"As attorney I acted for both the
bank and the receiver, and my compen
sation was fixed by the directors of the
institution weeks after I had begun
work. The legal services rendered by
me were worth all I received and more.
The propriety of my acting in the dual
capacity of attorney fc-r the bank and
j the receiver was questioned at the time
| by Delmas & Shortridge, the attorneys
for the McDonald board of directors.
The matter was carried to the Supreme
Court and I was sustained at every
point. The report of this case Is found
in 104 Cal., 249."
ON THE EASTERN TRACKS.
Two Jockeys Badly Hurt in a Spill
at Bennings.
WASHINGTON', Nov. 21.— Track good at
Bennings. A bad spill occurred In the five
furlong event. Deceptive, the favorite. Impar
tial and Norford falling. O'l-.eary had his
shoulder dislocated and was otherwise Injured
and Bergen -was also hurt. Both were taken
to Providence Hospital for treatment. ■ Re
sults: ■;. cs^:
First roce, one mile— Trillo won, Campania
second. Judge Warden third. Time, 1:44.
Second race, five furlongs— Specialist won,
St. Sophia second, Senslna third. Time, 1:04 4-6.
Third race, steeplechase for hunters, about
two and a half miles— Virginia Dare won, De
barnett second, Ltffy third. Time, 6:28 2-5.
Fourth race; six furlongs Acrobat won.
Death second, Belvonla third. Time, 1:18.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Leando won, Mee
hanuo second, The Gardener third. Time, 1:17.
Sixth race, one and an eighth — Dal-
Kretti won. Lexington Pirate second, Stray-
Step third. Time, 1:59 2-6.
LEXINGTON, Ky..Nov. 21.— Weather cloudy;
track heavy. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Star of Bethlehem
won. Horseshoe Tobacco second, Ada Russell
third. Time, 1:16&. . -
Second race, live furlongs— Parakeet won,
Estnbrooks second, R«*kJand) third. Time
l:04?i. . -. .•■.•,•.-
Third race, one mile, selling— Madrllene won,
Arcturus second, Albert Vale third. Time, 1:46.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Dad Steele won,
Domini* second, Allie Belle third. Time, I:l9>£.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Souchon won. Le
cllla second, Norma Taylor third. Time, 1:04%.
TABLET FOB THE OLYMPIA.
It Will Be Placed on the Forward
Turret of the Cruiser.
OLYMPIA, Wash., Nov. 21.— so
venir committee appointed by the people
! of Olympla have made arrangements for
| the purchase of a commemorative tablet j
,as the most suitable memorial for the I
flagship Olympia. The tablet selected is j
five feet high and three feet wide in the
; narrowest place, and will be placed on the i
: forward turret between the two, 8-inch' !
guns. The design will be done in relief on !
copper, the central attraction of which
will be a figure representing Fame.
Suspended from the arms of the figure
i and falling: across the front o: the body
i will be streamers on which will be in
scribed Dewey's famous order at Manila,
"Grldley, you may fire when ready."
»♦ » —
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromn Quinine Tablets. All
•Irusgrlsts refund the money if It falls to cure.
j 25c. The genuine has L.. B. Q. on each tablet.
CONVICTION
OF CROATIAN
LABORERS
Plantation Strikers
Are Fined.
MUST WORK OUT'THE TIME
HARDSHIPS OF THE PENAL CON
TBACT SYSTEM.
Additional Deaths Among the Volun
teers in Camp on the Hawaiian
Islands — Woman Aged
Over 127 Dies.
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Nov. 14.— The trial of
the Croation laborers who struck from
work on the Oahu plantation is drag
ging its weary length along. So far only
three out of the sixty-three have been
tried, and each was found guilty of vio
lating his labor contract by refusing
to work. They were ordered to return
to work, and on declining to do so were
fined the customary amount, $3 20.
They refused to pay the fine, and were j
sent to jail to work it out at the rate
of 50 cents a day. So far they main
tain that they will not return to the
plantation to labor, but prefer to spend
their lives in prison working on the
roads as they are cumulatively fined for
refusals to labor. The remaining sixty
are to be tried in batches of ten. The
trial is necessarily slow, as the proceed
ings have to be translated from Croa
tian into Hawaiian by the way of Ger
man and English. The poor men are
sorely handicapped, for not only is
their own Consul connected closely in
business with the plantation, but they,
being poor, cannot employ "fighting"
counsel, and have furthermore the
united press, except the little Inde
pendent, on the side of the planters and
against them, while the plantation
counsel is ex-Minister Hatch. The only
hope the poor laborers have is that
their position may be called to the at
tention of the Austrian Government
by friends, and that the United States
Government will cause the wiping
away of the nefarious penal contract
system. While that system is Hawaii's
ruling law, although the American flag
flies over us, the Judges, whatever may
be their sympathies, must enforce it.
It is only necessary for the prosecuting
counsel to prove the contract and the
fact that the men refused to work and
they are railroaded to a fine of $3 20 for
the first offense and $5 for the second, j
and so forth at an increasing rate. If i
they work out these lines, then at the i
expiration of tHeir three years' con- \
tract they have to work out for the j
plantation the number of days they i
have spent in prison or on the roads, j
So far these men have not proved any \
gross cruelty, which, of course, would]
be partially taken into account in their j
defense, but they complain of general
ill-treatment in many minor ways and
especially in the non-fulfillment of
promises as to their accommodations
and comforts. Of course, the planters
claim that these men are merely hew
ers of wood and drawers of water from
the destiny of birth, and their wages
are far higher than they could ever
gain in their own country and their
home comforts of a better character,
but the men don't regard their situa
tions from the same point of view.
After divorcing themselves from
feudalized Europe they feel more like
freemen under the banner of liberty J
and clamor for equal rights with other j
white men. They object to being j
classed as coolie serfs and half slaves.
It is quite possible, but not yet proved,
that labor agitators, speaking their
own language, have been at work
among them, for there are one or two
openly avowed socialistic-anarchist
new-comers in town who haye essayed j
to call meetings, to which no response
was made.
Unless something is promptly done
we shall be flooded with Japanese con
tract men before our American laws
come into operation.
The Pennsylvania and the City of
Puebla have arrived and the boys are
all healthy and enjoying themselves
hugely without any impropriety.
The two companies of the New York ■
Regiment write from Hilo that they are
being splendidly treated there and that |
they much prefer Hawaii to Oahu for a j
camping ground. The Honolulu bar
racks have been changed to new i
grounds higher up. and so far the im- j
provement in health has been much ;
marked. Death, however, is unhappily j
still claiming its due from those who
fell sick at the old camps, and the fol- j
lowing must be added to the list of
those who have died for their country
during the past week:
Private Burton Woodbeck, Company
G, First New York Volunteers.
Private Hayden, Tenth Pennsylvania
Volunteers.
Private George Coneles, Flrat New
York Volunteers.
Private Robert Wands, First New
York Volunteers.
Kapoalele Apau, probably the oldest
inhabitant of the Hawaiian Islands,
died last week at the ripe old age of 127
years 8 months and 9 days. She was
born at Keahialaka, Puna, Hawaii, and
remembered many incidents of the days
of Kamehameha I and his war with
the rebel Keana and the passing away
of idolatry.
BIG TRUST INCORPORATED.
Silverware Combine Has a Capital of
Twenty Millions
TRENTON, N. J., -Nov. 21.— Articles of
incorporation of the International Silver
Company, the silverware trust, were filed
with the Secretary of State to-day. The
company has an authorized capital stock
of $20,000,000. of which $0,000,000 in preferred
stock, to receive 7 per cent cumulative
dividends, and the remainder, $11,000,000, to
be common stock. The company is au
thorized to manufacture and deal in sil
verware, plated ware, pottery and plans.
The incorporators are: "William Flndley.
Hamilton H. Durand. Alexis P. Bartlett
of New York, Frederick Dwlght of Brook
lyn and John J. Tracey of Jersey City.
BLOW AT THE BLACKLIST.
NORWALK, Ohio. Nov. 21.— The Cir
cuit Court has affirmed the verdict ren
dered in the Common Pleas Court against
the Niokelplate Railway, awarding $5000
damages to Frank Schaeffer, a hrakemnn.
Schaeffer claims that he was blacklisted
by the company In consequence of the
latter refusing to give him a certificate
of good character as an employe, so that
he was unable to obtain employment on
any other railroad. He brought suit
against the company a short time affo in
the Huron County Common Pleas Court,
and was awarded a verdict of $5000.
Round reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will l» displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.
BELEW ESTATES
IN CONTENTION
Objections to Their Dis
tribution.
FINE LEGAL POINTS RAISED
FRANKLIN'S HEIBS MAY PROFIT
BY HIS CRIME.
Interesting Arguments and Cita
tions Before the Supe
rior Court of Solano
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Nov. 21.— The petition for
the distribution of the estate of Susie
and Louis Belew, deceased, came up
for hearing in the Superior Court at
Fairfleld to-day on the objection of
Arthur Belew to the distribution of any
portion of the estates to Franklin Be
le'w's estate, interposed by Attorney
Robbins for Arthur Belew last week.
The objection was based on the grounds
that Franklin Belew having murdered
his sister and brother willfully and for
the purpose of inheriting part of their
estates could not under the law inherit
from them, relying mainly upon a New
York case — Ellerton vs. Westcott et al.,
Court of Appeals, New York, January
7, 1896.
To sustain his contention Attorney
O. R. Coghlan, representing Reese
Clark, the attorney who defended
Franklin Bolew for the murder, and
who holds a mortgage on Franklin
Belew's interest In the estates of Susie
and Louis Belew, raised the points that
the statute of distributions fixed the
line of succession to estates and that
courts are bound by that statute and
cannot interpolate into it any provision
not therein contained; that that statute
being plain and unambiguous leaves
x»o room for construction; that to say
Franklin Belew cannot inher.- because
of his crime is to add additional pun
ishment to what the law fixes for mur
der, which is in contravention of sec
tion 6, article I of the State constitu
tion, which prohibits unusual punish
ment, and also that such an assumption
of power on the part of the court would
be in effect a Judicial bill of attainder,
and to that ci.tent violative of section
16, article I of the California constitu
tion.
He cites cases from North Carolina,
Nebraska, Ohio and Pennsylvania, ap
parently bearing out every particular
of his several contentions. He was
followed by Phil Bruton of Woodland,
Who represents the executors of the
will of Franklin Belew, citing a num
ber of California cases sustaining Mr.
Coghlan'a contentions as to the inter
pretation of the statute.
Mr. Robbins closed the argument,
stating that he relied upon the New
York case. The court took the matter
under advisement, Intimating, how
ever, that his present Judgment was
that he should overrule the objection
to the distribution to Franklin Belew's
estate.
REBELS EITHER SHOT
OR JAILED FOR LIFE
G-enefal Rios Reports That the Insur
rection at Davas in Mindanao
Has Been Suppressed.
LONDON, Nov. 22.— The Madrid corre
spondent of the Daily Mail says: General
Rios, the Spanish Governor of the Viz
cayas Islands, cables from Iloilo that the
rebellion of the native forces in the Span
ish military force has been subdued. Nine
ty-seven rebels were court-martialed, of
whom twenty-five were shot and slxty
nin<i sentenced to imprisonment for life
with hard labor.
The insurrection at Davas In Mindanao
has been suppressed, according to General
Rios, and tranquillity' prevails in the rest
of the islands except Negros.
Rios asserts that the Spanish garrison
at Iloilo made several sorties, inflicting
serious losses upon the rebels. He adds
also that at Soho the rebels continue to
besiege the town.
DROWNED IN OLD RIVER.
John Mclntyre Loses His Own Life
After Saving Another's,
STOCKTON. Nov. 21.— John Mclntyre, a
civil engineer in the employ of the Old
River Reclamation Company near Beth
any, this county, was drowned In Old Riv
er near that point Saturday night. Ho
went into the water and rescued a drov. n
ing man and got him to the bank. A
short time afterward while crossing .the
river in a skiff Mclntyre fell out of the
boat. He was suffering from a chill
brought on by the very cold water in
which he had struggled earlier and his
body was not again seen. His companions
tried to rescue him but could not. He was
about 40 years of age and unmarried.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ilwM^y/ 'JSSS <Tb9s aflK\ >3HBn»
Only pure and highest
grade ingredients and
perfect brewing can pro-
duce the exquisite flavor
possessed by "Blatz."
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale •
Dealers, 4 6-4 8 Sacramento Street,
■ San Francisco.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Fills
Arc acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have ut>ed them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood. . .
Grossman's Spec! Mixture
With this remedy percons can cure them-
selves without the j least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. - The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price to a bottle. .
ROBERTS OF UTAH MAY BE
EXPELLED FROM CONGRESS
NEW x'ORK Nov 21.— The Washington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: Representatives chosen to the next Congress are
much interested In the case of Brigham H. Roberts of Utah regard
ing the treatment he will probably receive vvhen he comes to Wash
ington to take- his seat in the House. Among the mblican eaders
there Is a general disposition to favor unseating him, and as that
party will have the power to carry out this programme it will not be
surprising if he is expelled from Congress. If this is done neither of
Mr. Roberts' opponents will be seated, as there is no question that
he received a plurality of votes and was duly elected. If he is ex
pelled it will be on the broad grounds that by sending him to Con
gress Utah has violated the solemn pledge exacted as a condition
precedent to admission to Statehood, and that his election is an af
front to Congress and the entire nation as a virtual confession that
Utah gave a pledge to abolish polygamy for the purpose of obtaining
admission to the Union and without any intention of observing it.
SUSPECTED OF BEING
IN THE TRAIN ROBBERY
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 21— Sheriff
Holcomb arrived this morning from Dag
gett with Pat Moriarity, charged with be
ing an accomplice of Ignaciu.s Eisler In
Saturday night's train robbery. The pris
oner was interviewed in jail and talked
freely. He stoutly declared his innocence
and paid he had been in Daggett but a
few days, having quit work on the sec
tion at Bagdad on the 15th with Jack
Lynch and coming to Daggett obtained
work Friday night. He and his compan
ion went to a lodging-hou<?e and rented a
room, leaving a Winchester rifle. Later,
he returned and took the rifle away to
Welch's saloon, stating that he intended
to sleep in a boxcar with friends. He
claims that he then got drunk a.nd about
10 o'clock friends had to carry him to the
car He asserts that five men slept in
the car with him and by all of them he
can prove an alibi. Saturday morning he
showed up for work. After working a
couple of hours he went to the foreman
and said he wanted to quit work, as he
heard some Mexicans were threatening
hi<= life. He then went to the depot and
ADVERTISEMENTS^^ .___
I MAN AND WIFE CURED I
«. " a
a Another of the Remarkable Victories of Dr. a
2 Sanden's Electric Belt. a
° , &
-Ml— £i
8 j^SsISV. DR. A. T. SANDEN-Pear Sir: The Bslt £.
rt /\**SSCrtl la* \ received from you some time af?o has
HJ&UsL '^\ \ proved a Godsend to me. It has done won- M
JBt^ ;■•'■■ Ewflßat rfj| \ V ders for me and has put my wife in bet- £{
« PnjVv* VV \\,"^ ter health than she has been for years, £|
I*l «V\ Sr I »^"l She ' has gained In strength and feels as
" Qtjm4& J^^ v *TT -« -- II \ good as she could wish. It has completely M
rt. <bSB^ J^*'V >C*^^*^S \ I cured me of weakness and am strong In d
O WrWßt£*£- V*^ ; every way. and feel as well as I ever did. j^j
||tfsS> «,is^" -*jju-*-& The Belt nas don(! what doctors and patent *-
0 Sr< . 1 V *^sL^*i-iO2T» medicines have failed to do, and think It a**
Q IHV) \ 8 •tS^**— •*&*££& cheap cure, as I hod spent over $200 trying M
i-i W-l C -i V to get relief for myself and wife. I feel m
■T YV. I Ny / JMH| fly very grateful, for God only knows what M
rt W »V ', I '*••'/ tf&SBiWLr I suffered before trj-lng the Belt. I had £
. H A. \H -y I p3^Bl^V v about given up hope and was sick and _
'-" I IS&.S\\) JK)/7%p 'iJMSSk WjJL tired of trying different things with the d
w f J/Q\fXiFy%l2! W?a3i&Ps*iSw*P same result. I cannot tell you how I fee! . I*l
w I '^TirilißnaSr^f-i EFI BKv toward you. but will do all I possibly can **
rt j^ XS^^^^aSaßSfi^^^l^^* to make known the good I have receive <Q(
Cj B»v 'W^fegK?WCa??£^^^^^sSr from your Belt and advice. You car. use iH
8 HOsL '"VMKIJaHiO HL' . this letter as you like and can refer any VI
,-■, HnKStv I^HHRhB one t0 me y° u w i sn > and I will easily vs rt
v ißf V. i *K3*^ Vsft^^^^^OJS what I !-ay 1b true. Wishing year B^lt Jj
rt \b9>' Yi*'J i^3SlsS'?feSSf the success It deserves. I remain yours Q
5 verJ . tru i y . j. w. yelnic, Cj
i « Union House, Sacramento County, cil. M
1 IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. 1
2 ' This wonderful Belt fills th« nerves and organs with electricity every 9
° nleht while you sleep. When you awake in the morning you are refreshed, ri
tt wide awake and full of the joy of living, for your nerves are charged with CJ
«the vim, the snap and "go" of life. "Weakness vanishes, the drains and nerv- ■ *4
ous spells cease, and you soon recover all the vigor of a strong man. j^
a DON'T BE A WEAK MAN. »
01 It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak Dr. 3
rt Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong; it will steady £<
your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. It is a grand cure ?*
6 for all weakness, whatever the cause. If you are troubled with weakness in 7*
« any wav call and examine this wonderful Belt. Test the powerful current it a
\L stives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which y<
" may correct all^your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't *•*
rt. delay act now. Get the book, "Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weak- M
w nesses of men, tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. >•*
° It shows how electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives '**
0. the proof. It is free upon application. A call preferred. d
® DR. A. X. SANDEN, * * «
Q 702 Market Strut, Cora.r Kearay. S»n rruuiieo. NOT IN DRUG STORES. -J
" Office hours. Ba,m.to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 18 — "
0 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 232 West , Dr. Ear.dens Electric Belt «
£ Second street; Portland, Or., 253 Washington «■ never sold In drug store. ~
« street; Denver, Colo. 931 Sixteenth street; _ nor by traveling agents; only £8
rt Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at our office. ■
CD 110 Nortn Main street. ♦— — * *•*
t After using Ely's Cream ! 0l i o : ooooo6ooooooe6 -
BalmsixHee/cslbefieye Tjiß F*J\LJ%CB ***%
myself cured of catarrh. 0 /=» £t Ik! r\ HOTELS Q
Joseph Stewart, J ban FKAHCtaCO. i
Jf Connected by a covered passageway.'- JJ
. Grand Aye., .0 1400 Rooms— QOO With Bath Attached. Q
O All Under One Management. <3
Brooklyn. N. Y. q NOTE THE PRICES: Q
Cream balm Is, placed Into the nostrils. ft European Plan. SI. OO per day and upward a
spreads over the membrane and IS absorbed. V American Plan.^».OO per day and upward M
Relief Is immediate and a cure follows. It Is 0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
not drying— not produce sneezing. Lorgs ; A /OSS C. KIBKPA7RICK, Kantffsr. m
f: fcL^|HO^4^ Kls|
For the explorer, the surveyor, \h€ hunter;
miner, the lumberman, the sportsman or tourist,
Ripans Tabules are the one medicine that is con-
renient, always ready, portable, protected from
accident of wind or wave, or climatic changes, and
in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred they fully
answer all requirements. Ripans Tabules will not
cure a cut made with an axe or a gun shot wound,
but in most cases the sufferer will be benefited by>
swallowing one.
expressed a package containing blanket*
and clothing to Barstow. stating that ha
intended to go to Barstow on foot and
carry the rifle. After leaving the express
office he proceeded to get very drunk.
The Sheriff bases his suspicion of Morl
arity on the fact that the package sent by
him to Barstow contained shoes that
fitted the tracks of the robber who ran
away (mm the train, also on the fact that
Mortality took a rifle from his room on
the night of the hold-up and that the
escaped robber is known to have had a
Winchester.
Morlarity was very nervous during the
interview. The Sheriff claims he has a
clear case against him.
An inquest over the remains of Ignacius
Eialer. the dead Daggett train robber,
was held this afternoon. The jury rea
dered the following verdict: "Deceased
came to his death from a gunshot wound
inflicted i>v Express Messenger F. B.
Blakcley while in the proper discharge of
his duties."
Pope's Grand Nephew Coming.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Private ad
vices from Rome convey the information
that Count Camitlo Peccl, a grand-nephew
of Pope Leo XIII and colonel of the Nohle
Guard is about to visit this country and.
Cuba. The visit of the Italian nobleman
will be wholly of an unofficial char
acter.WILL SCIENCE
OR BRUTE FORCE
WIN THE FIGHT?
That Corbett Ougbt to Be the Vic
tor Is tf)e Sentimeot Arrjong
Sporting Men.
Some, However, Predict Tbat Sailor Sharkey
Will Wear Out tbe Ex World's
Charopion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21 —Will science
triumph over brute force or vice versa
at the Lenox Athletic Club to-morrow
>\ill Corbett, the idol of ad
rs of scientific boxing methods,
succumb to Sharkey, the ideal rough
and-ready fighter? These were ques
tions heard, asked and answered In the
affirmative and negative by sporting
men to-day. Many good Judges of mat
ters pugilistic are of the opinion that
Corbett's science will earn for him the
right to collect the winner's share of
the $20,000 purse, while equally shrewd
vers say they are convinced that
the sailor pugilist will defeat the man
who won the pugilistic crown from
John L. Sullivan.
That Curbett ought to win over Shar
key is the almost unanimous sentiment
among sporting men. Some there are
■who think the former champion has the
if a task before him,
whereas others while thinking that he
ought to triumph because of the ad
vantages given him by the rules, never
theless are fearful lest his endurance
may not hold out to the end. Still
others, in fact a large majority, believe
that Corbett ■ ill not be put to any
severe physical strain, as the chances
are so many in their opinion that as
b "n aa Sharkey receives a good stiff
jab on the bridge of the nose he may
me angered and fight and wrestle
r the ring, thus losing on a foul.
y a few are of the opinion that
key will win, but these few deem
onditlons prohibiting hitting in
b or breakaways as all in favor
rbett. Still they say that Sharkey
trong rushing will even with
arms reach Corbett as soon
itter begins to tire, and If
the contest, they predict,
d quickly in his favor. They
• to land a perfect whirl
on the sailor pugilist in
I ■ ■ ds, but the latter, they
to withstand all the
: ni the Californian can deliver.
such quick action will
II ••' ! '■• ;t out, and then Sharkey's
strength will tell.
:' ; minority think "Jim"
Sharkey out, as they do not
his hitting: powers of sufficient
tough head like Shar
y ''no, however, be
I tt, thinks the sailor
nee because of supe
i -ar powers to send Jim to
Is in reaching him.
a vast majority of the
' ring consider that Cor
... • Ither on points for twen
or on a foul, while those few
i:y admit that to win he
kCdrbettout. Fora big fight
heavy- weights, like Corbett
key, there has been little bet
: Why this apathy is not quite
■ to the casual observer, in
■•f th'- fact that Corbett is de
•• the favorite with the bulk of
sporting fraternity. Heretofore
tuns of money have been wagered on
the outcome of battles similar to this
one. Many small bets, to be sure, have
been made on this one, but there has
been an almost woeful lack of those
reaching into hundreds or thousands.
This scarcity of big money, however, I
has in no wise decreased the interest in
the fight. It cannot be denied that al
though Corbett money predominates,
many men who have bet heavily on
previous heavy-weight contests have
decided to hold aloof this time. They j
think it would be foolish to take a j
chance on Sharkey with rules so disad- j
vantageous to him and with so many
prospects that he might commit a foul.
Th-n again they are not desirous of |
betting on Corbett, for while reports !
may come from his training quarters j
that he is in excellent condition they
are not certain that his endurance will I
last out.
This is the first time in their career
a? sporting men that many of the big
bettors have failed to put down a wager
on a fist contest of such importance.
Among others is "Jimmy" Wakely, who
said: "For the first time in my life I
will not bet on a big fight. I lost heavily !
on Corbett when he was defeated by
Fitzsimmons, and although under the !
rulfs arranged for this contest with
Sharkey he ought to win, still I shall
not try to recoup my losses. If I felt
sure Jim could stay the distance I
■would have no hesitancy in placing a
large sum on him."
"Dan" Stuart ninde the following bets
on Corbett to-night: $1000 against $800
with "Bob" Hose; $1000 against $750
•with "Abe" Levy, and $1000 against
$750 with "Joe" Ullman.
ON THE EVE uF BATTLE
XRW yORK, Nov. 21. — The sporting |
resorts along upper Broadway and ■
throughout the Tenderloin dihtricts
were crowded to-night with pu*i
lists and followers of pugilism who j
have come to the city to witness the i
Corbett-Sharkey fight. Hundreds of j
out-of-town sporting men are locaied ;
at the principal hostelries between
Twenty-third and Forty-second stree'.s
and in the corridors and cafes of a:i
the hotels groups of men stand around j
d'scussmg the probable outcome of tht
st and comparing the relative !
merits of the combatants.
Bach of the principals had plenty of
friends and wagers were made fre- ,
nuently as to the result of the contest.
Corbett had the largest following and
his admirers were not slow to place ;
odds on his chances the moment any '
Bharkey money was flashed. One hun
3red to eighty on Corbett were the pre
lailiug odds and quite a large sum of :
. was placed at that price. Two
bets of $500 at evens were made by |
sanguine Kharkeyites. George Consi
aine and his brother John from De
troit took the Corbett end of both j
a-agers. They looked around for more ,
it this rate, but none was forthcoming ]
and then they offered 100 to SO, getting
several smaller bets at this price.
The Considines are stron- believers
on Corbett's ability to beat the sailor
pugilist and their cafe on Sixth avenue
presented an animated scene up to mid
night. Among those who 4 oUd the
throng were "Honest John" Kelley. who
Is to referee the fight; Dan Stuart,
who bru ght off the Fitzsimn " c . or "
b"tt battle at Carson lr.st year, and a
host of others well known, connected
directly or indirectly with fistiana.
There, as everywhere else they went,
Corbett's friends were in the majority,
but there were always enough Sharkey
followers on hand to hold the sailor's
er 1 up by word or money * •. back it.
"Sharkey is tit to fight for his life
and those who think he is not clever
will be surprised when they see him in
the work," said his manager. "His
work in training was done cheerfully
and the result is that his condition to
night is al! that could be desired. He
finished up to-day with light work and
will lest until the appointed hour to
morrow. I can add to what I have al
reai> paid over and over again, that
Sharkey will win and In a most decisive
manner, too."
Corbett's friends were just as confi
dent. "Jim was never in better shape
in his life," said Considine to-night,
"and my friends and myself will back
him for every dollar we can. Our
money is safe. In fact, I look upon it
as cinched."
Charley White, who trained Corbett
for the Carson City fight, has had
charge of the ex-champion's training
since Corbett took up his quarters at
the Lenox Club house. White was very
pronounced in his statements as to Cor
bett to-night, and claimed that the big
fellow would win within fifteen rounds.
THE LOCAL BETTING.
Betting on the Corbett-Sharkey fight
from all appearances will be heavy to
day. Yesterday it opened at Crowley's
poolrooms at even money, but it soon
fell, with Corbett on the long end at
$100 to $90. These figures held until the
evening, when the Corbett people flood
ed "the market" with coin, and the
closing odds were $100 to $60, with
Sharkey on the short end. Johnny
Crowley expects very lively betting to- \
day at the present odds, as large con- j
signments of coin from Vallejo and
Benicia are expected and will be placed i
on Sharkey to win at the prevailing !
odds. At Corbett's the betting is also j
very spirited with the same odds offer- I
cd. Over nine hundred tickets have al- j
ready been purchased in the mutuals ;
as follows: Corbett — 1 to 6, 77; 7to 12,
115; 13 to 17, 107; 18 and over, 226. Shar
key—l to 6, 62; 7 to 12, 127; 13 to 17,
114; 18 and over, 98.
Considerable coin has also been i
placed at Crowley's by purchasers of
mutual tickets. In the combinations
the odds offered are: Corbett and La- j
vigne, 3 to 2; Corbett and Tracey, 3 to
1; Sharkey and Lavigne, 3 to 1; Sharkey
and Tracey, 4 to 1.
Anticipating an enormous crush in
the two poolrooms already named this
evening, police will be in attendance at
the entrances of the betting rooms to
preserve order.
CHICAGO'S MAYOR
FORBIDS THE BALL
Gorgeous Preparations Had Been
Made for tne Greatest Masquerade
Ever Held in America.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— For weeks prep
arations have been under way for bring
ing off at the fashionaole First Regiment
Armory a bal masque on a scale of mag
nificence never before attempted, it is
said, on this side of the Atlantic. Ten
thousand invitations in the highest style
of the engraver's and lithographer's art
had been scattered broadcast over the
land and acceptances received for fully
half that number, many being from men
and women having sporting blood in
their veins, residing in New York, Cin
cinnati, Louisville. New Orleans, St.
Louis, Omaha, Minneapolis and other cit
ies. The great hall had been decorated
with gorgeousness befitting the occasion.
The best music obtainable had been en
gaged and numerous other expensive ar
rangements undertaken with a view to
making the affair a success. Twenty-five
hundred tickets at $n each were, already
sold. Now comes the Mayor, at the behest
of the reform element, and forbids the
managers of the ball holding the proposed
function. Late to-night he ordered the
Chief of Police to prevent the opening of
the doors of the armory on "Wednesday
night at all hazards. As a result there is
gloom on the levee. The managers
threaten to give the ball anyway, and will
attempt to enjoin the Mayor from inter-
A big wine house «f international
fame is said to I [ the enterprise-,
and money will not be lacking with which
to light the authorities.
COLUMBUS' REMAINS
ON THE WAY TO SPAIN
Ceremonies Attending the Transfer
of the Casket From Cathedral
to Steamer.
HAVANA, Nov. 21.— The remains of
Christopher Columbus were to-day trans
ferred from the cathedral, where they
have rested since they were brought from
£an Domingo in the last century, to the
Spanish steamer San Augustine, which
sailed for Barcelona to-night. A guard of
honor accompanied the casket holding the
bones to the ship, where a short ceremony
was held.
UoniPZ will not come to Havana until
the Spanish troops have sailed from the
island.
FOR SHORTER HOURS.
Strike Inaugurated in Job-Printing
Offices.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Nov.. 21.— A strike
was inaugurated by the men in eight of
the twelve union Job printing offices to
day under the rule recently adopted by
the national organization, calling for a
nine and a half hour day with ten hours'
pay. Two firms conceded the scale and
their men returned to work.
MINNEAPOLIS. Nov. 21.— A1l the job
printing establishments In the city closed
to-day owing to a strike of the press
f«edors for shorter hours. Trra hundred
men are Involved.
Hound reports of the Gorbett-
Sharkey fight will be displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night
THE SAN FB AN CISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
INCREASING
PROSPERITY
OF RAILROADS
Bond-Aided Lines Can
Pay All Debts.
LONGSTREET SO REPORTS
NO REASON WHY UNION AND
CENTRAL CANNOT SETTLE.
In His Annual Report the Commis
sioner Recommends Construction
of a Government Road jfrom
Kansas to San Diego.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— General
James Longstreet, the Commissioner of
Railroads, In his annual report, made
public to-day, calls attention to the
general prosperity In railroad affairs,
and recommends the Government con
struction and operation of a first-class
double-track railway from Kansas
City, Ma., to San Diego, Cal., by air
line route. He sayß the physical condi
tion of our railroads generally is better
than ever before. He points to the
spectacle of roads which only two or
three years ago were in receivers'
hands now paying dividends on their
preferred stocks and piling up sur
pluses whic" 'n the course of a very
short time, his report says, will be dis
tributed among the common stockhold
ers. Many roads which, in 1893, were
fcrrced to cut salaries 20 per cent, he
says, have voluntarily restored the old
basis of wages. In April, 1894, receiv
ers controlled in this country 210 roads,
embracing about 20 per cent of the total
mileage. On June 30 of this year there
were only 119 railroads in the hands of
receivers, and General Longstreet pre
dicts that under the present condition
of prosperity within another year the
list of insolvent railroads will be as
small as in the years immediately pre
ceding 1892.
Reporting on his inspection of the
properties of the Union Pacific and Cen
tral Pacific and several of the land
grant lines in the West and on the Pa
cific Slope, this autumn, the Commis
sioner says that substantial improve
ments have been made on the road
beds on the main lines, wooden bridges
replaced by iron and steel and the bal
lasting is more extensive and much im
proved. He recommends a Government
air line transcontinental route in the
following language:
The annexation of the Hawaiian Isl
ands, the possible, probable control of the
.Philippine and Ladrune Islands, must
open up new trade relations of such
growing proportions with them as to so
materially increase the business of all
the bond-aided roads as to be well within
the scope of reason to anticipate their
ability, at an early date, to pay principal
«tnd interest of their debt to the I'nited
States.
These new eastern acquisitions, with
Cuba and Porto Rico, producing trop
ical products, our annual demand for
-which is to the extent of $225,000,000,
about one-third of our entire imports will
in a few years be entirely furnished from
these new possessions, and our products
taken in exchange, while now our ex
ports to these islands, I believe, do not
exceed $15,000,000 annually.
Heretofore, under former sway, every
effort . has been made to discourage busi
ness intercourse with Americans. Under
the new order of things in these islands
every effort will be made to encourage
trade with us, and when the population
is doubled in numbers and is increased
ten times in ability to produce and con
sume, which is not an unreasonable an
ticipation, what then will our trade
amount to? It is almost Impossible to
imagine. Less than 5,000,000 British
colonists In Australasia exchange prod
ucts to the amount of $650,000,000 annually.
It is only reasonable to suppose that in a
few years the trade with our new pos
sessions will fully equal If not surpass
this, and the United States must control
the bulk. Furthermore, the vast volume
of wheat and other cereals which now
find their way from the middle western
grain prairies to Asia and other countries
of the Western Hemisphere via the At
lantic seaports will, in a very few years
reach these same destinations via Paci
fic seaports, and with this changed con
dition will come vastly increased ton
nage and revenues to all the transconti
nental lines.
11^* 1810111 81011 of tnls very traffic on
this idea is now receiving the careful at
tention and consideration of the execu
tive and managing officials of some of the
leading lines between Chicago, St. Paul
and ,°h. e^ I fl ddle , Weßte ™ /rain centtrs"
and the Pacific slope, and therefore it
Sil«7£ £ a m 6 , lI at she.5 he . lnt « r the United
States has In bond-aided railroads, and
especially in the Central Pacific? should
not be "scaled," but that we have every
reason to look for repayment of dollar for
d 9 Uar > PPr, rl cl Pal and interest, loaned and
*v. It » may be timely Just now to surest
that the Government construct and op
erate a first-class double-track railroad
from Kansas City to San Diego by air
line route.,, This will open the shortest
line, measured by the map. from Boston,
New York and Philadelphia to the coast
and along the coal fields of the East and
West, this side of the Rocky Mountains,
and making the most direct line from our
great commercial centers to the Sandwich
Islands and the; Philippines. This, with
other lines now working overland, may
prove ample for the wants of commerce
to the Pacific Coast and the Orient hold
ing trade and travel within our borders
pending the . experiment of a canal
through the isthmus.
An overland route from Vera Cruz,
Mexico, to Acapulco, now approaching
completion, may be an important adjunct
to our own overland routes as commerce
increases. . . » •■■...■
The home advantages of an overland
line by the Government will be to draw
the people nearer together in Interests
and sympathies, and will serve them as a
safeguard against the monopoly of cor
porations. As trade increases it may de
velop the Importance of a direct similar
line to Seattle, Wash.
St. Louts is a little south of the direct
line between New York to San Diego, but
the topographical features of the country
indicate that possibly a better route may
be found from that point, and the bridge
over the Mississippi River at that point
may prove an important consideration. A
survey, therefore, by direct line should be
made from each of these points.
The report says of the United States
subsidy bonds under theactsof 1862 and
1864 to aid the Pacific railroads' con
struction, there have matured $50,618,
592, of which $50,489,952 have been re
deemed and paid out of the treasury,
leaving still due and unpaid $129,000.
The remaining bonds of this Issue fall
due as follows: Union Pacific, January
1, 1899, $3,157,000; Central Pacific, same,
$9,197,000; Western Pacific, same, $1,650,
560.
MARTIAL LAW AT PANA.
Commanding Officer to Take Posses
sion of All Arms.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Nov. 21.—Gov
ernor Tanner to-night issued a proclama
tion placing Pana under martial law.
The commanding officer is ordered to take
possession of all arms in the hands of
miners or citizens in the district. Per
sons with arms in their hands will be ar
rested by the military authorities as if
they Intended a disturbance of the public
FRANCE MAKES
CONCESSIONS
Commercial Treaty With
Italy Concluded.
WINE DUTIES MODIFIED
FASHODA AFFAIB INSTRUMEN
TAL IN THE ARRANGEMENT.
Secret Negotiations During William's
Absence From Germany That
Jl&y Affect European
Alliances.
BDeclal Dispatch to The CalL
PARIS, Nov. 21.— 1t was quite unex
pectedly announced this afternoon that
a commercial treaty has been con
cluded between France and Italy,
granting mutually favored treatment
except for silk goods, which will re
main subject to the maximum tax. A
bill embodying the agreement will be
submitted immediately to the Chamber
of Deputies.
The Government also Introduced a
bill in the Chamber to-day modifying
the wine duties favorably to Italy.
The negotiations that have culmi
nated in these arrangements have been
on foot for two years, but nobody be
lieved that a definite agreement was
pending.
It is believed that the Fashoda affair
was instrumental in inducing France
to grant the necessary concessions,
though it is noteworthy that the silk
duties, which caused the breaking of
the treaty in 1887, remain almost un
changed. The negotiations have been
conducted with the utmost secrecy. The
effect of the concessions involved is not
yet known, but it is expected that they
will have an important pclitical influ
ence for the removal of a long-stand
ing friction between the two countries.
The treaty, it Is noticed, was con
cluded during the absence of Emperor
William from Germany, and there is
much speculation regarding its prob
able results upon the European alli
ances. ____________
ALARMING GROWTH OF
SALVADOR'S REVOLT
May Involve All Five Central Ameri
can States in a General
Conflagration.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Nov. 21.— Late advices from
Salvador via Nicaragua indicate that the
revolt Is more serious than first thought.
It may involve all five States In a gen
eral conflagration. According to advices,
the real object of the movement is the
overthrow of the Federal republic, which
was organized November 1 at Amapala.
To accomplish this Kegaldos called in the
aid of Guatemala and Costa Rica, who
always viewed the union of Salvador,
Nicaragua and Honduras as a constant
menace to their sovereignty.
The Herald's correspondent says the
rebels are now in possession of all the de
partments with the exception of La Union
and San Miguel, the latter the stronghold
of Horacio VJUavicenico, who 1m a can
didate in opposition to Regalrlos. The
Federal Government is hurriedly mobil
izing its forefs to march against Rißal
dos. Honduras sends 4000, Nicaragua 4000
and the Federal district of Salvador 2000.
The movement is backed by capitalists
who are well-known military men. Cable
censorship has been established at L.a
Llbertad.
LOOKING FOR HEIRS
OF VESTA HASTINGS
State Department Inquiring for the
Legal Representatives of the
Dead Californian.
HARRISBURG. Pa., Nov. 21.— The State
Department at Washington advertised in
Harrisburg Saturday for information as
to the legal representative of Vesta Hast
ings, who died Countess d'Henriot in
Paris on October 30 last. The inference is
that property awaits her heirs.
It developed to-day that Vesta Hastings
was Bonnie Riley to her Harrisburg
friends. She came here in 1573 as a stu
dent in Miss Woodward's seminary. Her
father Is a Californain. Leaving here she
went to Washington and then returned
to her home in California, A few years
later a story floated hither from New
York, in which Vesta Hastings was the
central figure in an apartment house sen
sation, the man with whom she had beon
living causing the trouble. After that she
went to Paris. Two years ago she visited
this country and called on old friends,
whom she told of her marriage to Count
d'Henriot.
MEXICO GIVES UP
CONDUCTOR TEMPLE
And Now He Will Be Tried in Ari
zona on the Murder Charge
Against Him.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The case of
the American railroad conductor who has
been held under arrest in Mexico fo: kill
ing a man on this side of the line has
been satisfactorily adjusted. United
States Minister Clayton has reported to
the State Department by telegraph that
the Mexican Minister for Foreign Affairs,
Senor Mariscal, had agreed to stop
further proceedings against Temple under
the Mexican law and surrender the man
to the Arizona authorities on extradition
proceedings on Mr. Clayton's statement
that he would be tried in Arizona. The
United StaU-s Government had previously
demanded Temple's release before the de
mand was made for his extradition in or
der to avoid recognizing the Mexican
claim of extra territorial jurisdiction, and
the present outcome ia satisfactory In
that regard.
HUNTER'S CINGULAR FATE.
Bullet Intended for a Coon Proves a
Boomerang.
MILTON, Cal., Nov. 21.— Florian Far
num, a well known resident of Copperop
oUs, was killed on Sunday afternoon near
that place under peculiar circumstances.
A party of young men were out hunting
wild hogs, when Farnum saw a coon and
discharged his rifle at it without effect.
Laying aside his rifle he drew his pistol,
and. climbing on to a large rock, fired
again at the coon. In some way the bul
let struck another rock, and in the recoil
traversed nearly the same course first
taken and buried itself in Farnum's ab
domen. After b^ing shot he descended
from the rock and walked a few steps up
the hill, at the same time telling one of
his companions that he was shot, and
then sank to the ground. He was remov
ed in a wagon to his home, and expired
on arriving there. Farnum was 2G years
of age, married and had one child.
DECLARES HE IS SANK
Murderer in Napa Asylum Wants to
Be Tried for His Crime.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 21.— District Attor
ney Theodore A. Bell of Napa County is in
this city in behalf of Hugh Buchanan, an
inmate of the Napa Asylum, who was
placed in that institution four years ago
by wealthy Eastern relatives in preference
to the gallows or a lonog term in the pen
itentiary. Buchanan, who murdered Billy
Miles in this city during a drunken quar
rel, declares that he Is of sound mind and
anxious to return to Marys villa and stand
trial for the crime. The attorney and at
tendants at the asylum believe him sane.
Dr. Gardner to the contrary notwithstand
ing 1 . Attorney Bell will make a careful
perusal of the papers in the case, will then
maJce a demand on Gardner for Buchan
an's release, and if refused will resort to
habeas corpus proceedings,.
HOWLING BLIZZARD
IN THE NORTHWEST
Traffic Impeded in Many Sections,
With the Thermometer Far
Below Zero.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 21.— The first
general snowstorm of the winter has pre
vailed throughout the Northwest during
the past twenty-four hours and is still
continuing without much abatement. The
snow has been accompanied by a high
wind.
Dispatches from various parts of North
and South Dakota, Minnesota, Wisconsin
and Northern lowa report local business
impeded. The weather observer here pre
dicts that the ptorm will continue to
night and to-morrow and will be followed
by a cold wave.
Uattleford and Calgary, in the British
Northwest, report temperatures of 24 and
26 degrees below zero, and other places
cay zero weather is prevailing. Locally
the storm has ueen quite severe, causing
delay to streetcar traffic. The mercury
is rapidly falling, and the Weather Ob
server believes it will go to 10 or 15 de
grees below zero to-morrow. Railroads
centering here report trains moving with
but little delay.
The storm was especially severe on
Lake Superior, Duluth reporting a sev
enty-mile gale. A Duluth special says a
report is Current there that the steamer
Hirum R. Dixon of the Booth Packing
Company's line has foundered. The Dix
on left Duluth this morning, and the last
heard of her she had passed Two Har
bors.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 21.— A severe
storm prevails throughout Western and
Northern Missouri and the State of
Kansas. Very mild weather on Sun
day was followed by rain, which turned
into sleet early this morning, with an un
usually sudden fall in temperature, and
tho sleet has been followed by snow,
which is being driven before a strong
wind from the northwest. At many points
in the two States the mercury has fallen
from 50 to 60 degrees in twenty-four
hours. Reports received to-night indi
cate an average temperature of 10 to lo
degrees above zero, but the Indications
art; for colder weather.
The storm and sleet prostrated telegraph
wires in all directions. The drifting snow
has impeded railway traffic, but there has
been no serious blockade. Atchison re
ports that two trains are snowbound in
Kansas on the central branch of the Mis
souri Pacific.  . ,
In Kansas City, Kans., two lines of elec
tric street railway have been forced to
suspend operations.
At Leavenworth electric wires are
down all over the city, and the authori
ties ordered the electric railroad to cease
operations, owing to the danger from
stray electric currents.
Secretary Colborn of the Kansas Board
of Agriculture is authority for the state
ment that while the storm will cause suf
fering among the cattle on the ranges
there will be no loss from freezing un
less the storm becomes much more se-
DENISON, Tex., Nov. 21.— This city
was visited to-day by the most disastrous
storm of years. The wind blew a hurri
cane, unroofing houses, uprooting trees
and leveling telegraph poles. There was
considerable damage to property. A del
uge of rain and sleet accompanied the
storm.
NEW HAVEN BELLE AND
A YALE MAN MISSING
Detectives Searching ior a Pretty
Girl and the Son of a West
ern Millionaire.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 21.— Miss
Elizabeth Veddis of this city is missing,
and so is a Yale undergraduate with
whom the young woman kept company.
Mrs. George Veddis, the girl's mother,
complained of the girl's disappearance lo
the local police, and detectives are work
ing on the affair. The girl Is remarkably
pretty, and has been frequently to the
theater with the Tale sophomore, who is
the son of a Western millionaire, and who
rooms at the Vanderbilt Hall. He is
missing from college. Detective Henry
Donnelly, who has the case in charge, this
afternoon refused to give tne Yale man's
name. It is said this evening that he is
Robert Carey of Cheyenne, Wyo.
SPANISH GUNBOATS
SHELL SORSOGON
But When the Insurgents Show
Tight the Vessels Hastily
Retreat.
MANILA, Nov. 21.— Passengers who ar
rivod here to-day on the steamer Ade
lante report that two Spanish gunboats
recently visited Sorsogon and fired three
shells into the town, claiming that the
insurgents there had refused to lower
their flag when ordered to do so. On the
Insurgents showing light, it is added, the,
gunboats left hurriedly. The shells did
little damage.
Sergeant Price of the Minnesota regi
ment, who was stabbed by disorderly
Filipinos on Friday night and who was
reported to have been killed, is still alive.
DR. BENNETT PLEADS POVERTY.
But the San Jose Dentist Must Pay
Alimony.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— Dr. A. G. Bennett.
i prominent in both church and society cir
cles, was before Judge Hyland this after
noon on an order to show cause why he
should not pay his wife alimony pending
the result of the suit for divorce filed by
her. Mrs. Dora Cambers Bennett did
not appear, but her attorney showed by
affidavit that her husband was able to
pay alimony.
Dr. Bennett showed that his pathway
had not been strewn with roses since his
marriage, and that his income has di
minished. He testified that before his
marriage his Income had been from $150
to $200 per month, but since he took unto
himself the responsibility of caring for a
! better half his dental practice had stead
ily decreased. At present It amounted to
not more than $65 per month, which was
not sufficient to pay expenses and was a
clear loss of $30 per month.
The court issued an order for Dr. Ben
nett to pay $50 counsel fees, $20 a month
alimony and costs of suit.
After four short months of married life
the separation of the couple came as sud
denly as their marriage, which savored
of an elopement. The ground on which a
divorce is asked is cruelty.
SLIPPED OUT OF PRISON.
Notorious Crook Escapes From the
Yuba County Jail.
MARYSVILLE. Nov. 21. — Pat Don
ahue, alias Joe Clifford, a notorious char
astc-r who has done time in San cjuentin
and the House of Correction, and who is
wanted in Redding for robbery and in
San Francisco for burglary, escaped from
the Yuba County jail this afternoon. The
prisoner was released from his cell to
hold a conversation with his wife, who
visited him and had the freedom of the
corridor. "When the jailer opened the
prison door to allow a trusty to wheel
in woou Donahue slipped out after the
jailer had turned his back and has not
been seen since.
EUREKA STAGE HELD UP.
Driver Relieved of a Small Amount
and Ordered to Drive On.
EUREKA, Cal., Nov. 21.— Two robbers
held up Dick Ragon, stage driver for L. L.
Ayres, last night on Ryan's slough hill,
three miles from this city, who was re
turning from Bayside, and at the point of
a pistol demanded his cash. Ragon of
fered no resistance, and the road agents
relieved him of $3 75, all the money on his
person, and ordered him to drive on. Ra
gon reported the hold-up to the officers,
who immediately went in search of the
robbers, accompanied by bloodhounds, but
so far no clew to their identity has been
found.
Death of Mrs. Lion in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 21.— Mrs. Zulema Mary
Lion, wife of L. Lion, president of the
Commercial and Savings Bank, and sister
of Mayor C. J. Martin, died this evening
of a complication of diseases. She was o7
years of ago and a native of Bordeaux,
France.
SILK SKIRTS
ARE TABOOED
Women Decide That
They Must Go.
NOISY RUSTLE THE CAUSE
MINISTERS INDORSE THE WAR
AGAINST THE GARMENTS.
Theatrical Managers Also Glad That
the Nerve-Hackers Are Doomed
and Approve tho
Movement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— The silk skirt,
the rustle of which is so dear to the
heart of the wearer, must go, and its
rustle is the cause of it. An item ap
peared in the morning papers setting
forth the fact that the Women's Club
of Atlanta had declared war on the
dainty garment because Its "swish,
swish," as the wearer walked down the
aisle of the lecture hall or church
worked disaster to the nerves of the
male and non-silk-skirt wearing mem
bers of the audience or congregation.
It came to the notice of many minis
ters who attended the regular Monday
meeting of the Ministers' Association,
and in the course of proceedings it was
taken up for discussion. While treated
in a jocular sense by many of the di-
vines present it was unanimously voted
that there was no agency more potent
to disturb divine service than the rus
tling silk skirts of late coming women,
who, sailing toward a seat, distracted
the attention of all present, whether
they were praying, singing or listening
to a sermon, and the action of the At
lanta women was heartily indorsed.
A round among theatrical managers
found them even more opposed to the
nerve-racking garment than were the
preachers. Milward Adams, manager
of the Auditorium, where Grau's song
birds now hold fc-rth nightly, was par
ticularly outspoken.
"It is an outrage," he said, "for la
dies to array themselves in garments
that on the slightest movement of the
wearer produce a sound like that of a
wind machine used on the stage in mel
odrama. It is quite fashionable for la
dies to ctrnie to the opera late, and
hundreds of them are usually being
shown to seats at once during the over
ture. The result is the piano passages
are completely drowned out, and real
music lovers lose their tempers and
much of what they paid money to hear.
Away with silk skirts if that is the
cause of the trouble."
Managers Davis of the Columbia,
Powers of the Powers and Latt of Mc-
Vicker's agreed with Adams, but could
see no way to rid the theater-going
public of the nuisance complained of.
All hoped, however, if attention was
called to it the ladies themselves would
do the right thing, as they had with
the big-hat nuisance.
At the Woman's Club the silk petti
coat was characterized by a prominent
member of the board of directors as a
nuisance. "You would agree with
me," said she, "if you were to attend
one of our meetings. Yc-u can hardly
hear what is going on for the noise of
rustling skirts. However, we do not
contemplate any movement toward
abolishing the silk petticoat habit. The
Woman's Club has never taken a stand
for or against dress reform, except in
regard to the hat. We have done away
with the big hat at the opera, and at
our meetings, but I am sorry to say the
society skirt is still in evidence, and I
see no hope of abolishing it."
TO PREVENT THE
RE-ELECTION^OF GOMPERS
An Important Caucus of Members of
the Federation of Labor to
Be Held.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— A caucus having for
itfe object the prevention of the re-election
of Samuel Gompers as President of the
American Federation of Labor and se
curing the adoption of a Socialist platform
by the coming convention at Kansas City
will be held in Chicago December 12. The
prime movers in the calling of the caucus
are the ultra radical and socialistic lead
ers In the federation, assisted by those
who consider they have been ignored by
the federation's present administration.
The only two men prominently men
tioned among the ranks of the opposition
for the presidency are Douglas Wilson,
editor of the official journal of the In
ternational Association of Machinists, and
Harry Lloyd, ex-president of the Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners of
America, As James O'Connell, third vice
president of the .federation, is a ma
chinist as well as Wilson, and as two
from the same trade are never elected
officers of the federation at the same
time, Wilson's friends are saying that
O'Connell Is not a good socialist and
should, therefore, not be re-elected, and
consequently are laying plans to take hia
scalp.
STAR POINTER GOES
UNDER THE HAMMER
The Peerless Pacer Brings $19,000
at Auction in Madison Square
Garden.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Star Pointer, the
famous pacer, with the world's record of
l:59Vi lor a mile, was sold to-night at Mad
ison-square Garden to .W. J. White of
Cleveland, Ohio, for $19,000, $600 less than
he was sold for In 1597 to James A. Mur
phy of Chicago. The advertised sale of
this famous horse sufficed to fill the big
arena, and when the horse was led to the
auctioneer's block 10,000 persons were pres
ent-
L. A. W. BRANCH OFFICERS.
Result of the Election in Southern
California.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 21.— The returning
board of the Southern California branch
of the L. A. W. met in this city to-day
to canvaas the votes of the recent elec
tion of officers. The count showed the fol- i
lowing elected: Chief consul. Dr. A. H. i
Palmer, Pasadena; vice consul, E. A.
Woodward, San Diego; secretary-treasur
er. James D. Wilder, Tustin; representa
tive, George R. Holbrook, Ontario.
Turk Defeats Australian.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 21.— Adall. the
"Terrible Turk." to-night made his first
appearance in this city in a wrestling
match, easily defeating Rudolph Wolff,
champion of Australia, in two successive
falls. Adali was seventy pounds heavier,
and, while the Australian made a strong
effort, the Turk handled him with ease.
The first fall was accomplished in 4 min
utes 5S seconds and the second in 3 min
utes 84 seconds.
The "American Boy" Battleship.
Every patriotic American . hopes the school
boys of the United States will succeed in their
efforts to raise $3,000,000. which will be used in ',
building a battle-ship to be called the "Ameri- !
can Boy." It ■ costs great sums of money to
build a warship, but you build up your health
with ; Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at small ex
pense. This remedy ' is an appetizer, tonic,
blood purifier and stimulant. It la for stomach,
liver And bowel disorder* r■ '■ ' ""r • ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
««j y^ s %. Expert bicyclists
t^/^v'S Jx\\\fl/^ have already sue-.
VV 6 * * • -v* i7»\ll '//vft ceeded in riding a
c j v \\ J>Mv y'v/A sin « whee1 ' or
\ )' v i/\t. l/Wfj imicycle, for short;
«/ M(\ /j?«\ distances. In years
V #>N)gj^y«lFS to come the unicy-
a-% $*> Jjß^@B^jl cle may become
fST~~ ifL JHr^^aS^^sl ~ • as common a
''hlsTffvfS ' mode of loco-
S" h 112: 1 /I fl-^jl ~* mot ' on as the
i' \\m\ / IA^T^H -^ bicycle. Only a
~*if'M' 1 /j/>w/Sj'^" Vfew y ears a^ o
itL IyZS wa/wA\J7 -v people would
*I V Bf^L cave laughed at
lb^vH*^/ i J the idea that
*>~\ flS&txpM r<S all the world
\w l/ltv/'jy J — »-would shortly
V /#/>il^^ ) be awheel.
V% Jr *~~^ "? 9 not n me "
I *' ehanic9 alone that
the world is making: rapid progress. Not
many years ago all physicians pronounced
consumption an incurable disease. To-day
a large proportion of people recognize that
it is a distinctly cv able disease. Doctor
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery cures
08 per cent, of all cases of consumption.
It has stood the test for thirty years. Thou-
sands of people who were given up by their
doctors, and had lost all hope owe their
lives to this marvelous remedy. It acts
directly on the lungs, diving out all im-
purities and disease germs. It restore* the
appetite, corrects all disorders of the diges-
tion, strengthens the weak stomach, makes
the assimilation of the life-giving elements
of the food perfect, invigorates the liver,
purifies the blood and tones die nerves. It
is the great blood-maker and flesh-builder.
It does not make flabby flesh like cod liver
oil, but the firm, muscular tissue of abso-
lute health. An honest dealer will not
offer you an inferior substitute for the sake
of a little added profit.
Miss Mary Whitman, of East Dickinson,
Franklin Co., N. V., writes : " For nearly ten
months 1 have had a bad cough, and instead of
Retting better, it grew worse. I was said to have
consumption. I tried Dr. Pierces Golden Med-
ical Discovery, and when the second bottle was
empty I had no cough and was cured."
«-v T*k« 5_ Good temper is
Iff* l-'iPrfP <5 largely a matter
Ul • rivIWW £? of good health,
and good health is largely a matter of healthy
activity of the bowels. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation. They are safe, sure
and speedy, and once taken do not have to be
taken always. One little " Pellet " is a gentle
laxative, and two a mild |p«. << a
cathartic. They never §-?£* I IPfC
tripe. Druzzists sell them. * VllViO*
I THE ROAD TO HEALTH I
££ QHOULD ONLY BE TRAVELED IN ®
'^9 our shoes, for our footwear is spe- £$
ft cially adapted for our climatic changes. w
£f We have it made that way. Ladles' >*
•"* Shoes, button or lace, particularly neat «
££ and dressy in appearance, but yet made '
\2 solid and serviceable. The best of Vici 8
8 Kid, with new Coin Toes and Kid Tips,
« Double Boles, with extension edges. The W
~* latest Vamps and Heel Foxings. Try q
<% a pair, either style, button or lace, sold
I** for ?2 25, worth $3, all widths and sizes. #
« 8
~ SPECIAL — A 10-page book of «
& Views of the Late War will be for- 7S
r< warded to any one sending us the O
j** names of 25 ladies residing in the £
; # country.
« «
!it Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Con- £$
'*; gress $3 00 '
I # Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork Soles. 350 i>.
Is^ Black Box Calf Shoes for 30) a
I£* Country orders solicited. **
i £ Send for illustrated catalogue. ££
Is «
g B. KATCHINSKI, »
0 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., »
g 10 Third St., San Francisco.
Health is Wealth.
' OR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
- THE ORIGINAL,' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is sold nnder positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized eeenta only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness, WakofulncEs, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, jLack of Conn-
donee, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth- :
ful Errors, or Excessive U?o of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
insanity and Death. At store or by mail, 81 a
box; sir for $3; with written «aarantee*io
core or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing five days treatment, ■with full
instructions, 25 cents. One cample only sold to
each person. At store or by mail. jg&ws?
>$J|& S^Rcd Label Special^gglpS
«wS©&B Extra Strength.
ff^¥fjc& For Impotency. Loss of%Rßr*<Er w
§£iTRcd Label Special^gjpg}
For Impotency, Loss ofOT'-v W
Power, Lo6t Manhood,
*tf**sEfsL Bterility or Barrenneso.s. IV/* 0 /
iM^yPsSl a box; six for $5, witha-Jr^w<
ag£r®R*\vvltteTL aruaranteeHE»^V
6&POREo" euro in 30 daja. At etoreWW^S.^
GEO. DAELBENDSR * CO.. Sole Agent*.
114 Kearny it. •
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
At Ta Full Set of Teeth
1 l^dbty. extracting free $505 00 up
e.^*V^Jsj2L2^* Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
A— e^,JS!CrV Fillings --- 25 up
-^afeiiagyßpL g Open Evening^ &Sund*T3
K'^^mSi&rik VAN VROOM
T>^»#TttvV^ Electro Dental Parlors
•» tp-^v -'Sixth and Market
*^ Dr. Q W. Kia,»«r, Prop.
q Vl.it DR. JORDAN'S G«at
riga Mussum of Anatomy
l^^i 1061 KABZZTST.Iet. 6th* 7tt, S.P.CaI.
a \M *R The Largest of in kind in the World.
lJcsi»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
iKTWff |v Con«ult«tion free. Write for Book
vO VPhllosophif^rSfaWiaga-
• O MAILCD met.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
; Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEAJ^B ST9.
w« -1 (j!*1J!,55. l| j'jw^>>,| l . «f Pin 6 is » non-ppisonoos
<<*^MBB^^^^Sii3 remedy for Gonorrhcpa,
CCHEb^W Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
mjSW in 1 to 5 Jaj«- \3 Wbltos, unnatural -li»-
£&!jf Ocir»oi«d V charge*, or any intlamma-
Matjf not to stricture. tlon, irritation or nlcera-
V^^VPraTmu eontagloß. tioa of mllc o n 1 mem-
ITSiTHEEyANS CHEMICH Ho. Cranes. Non-astrin«ent.
CINONMATI.O .ESS Sold by DrnirarUto.
'©^^. rr a x ■ jBk ot a(?nt in Plain wrapper,
J^nMkJ' _^e?%& by express, prepaid, 10c
vJwaS»JMiJffl^foM {1.00, .or 3 bottles, «2.73.
■ Circular mb; en r»<iuoc4
34
GARCIA OPPOSED
TO ANNEXATION
Heads a Commission to
See the President.
DISCUSSES NEEDS OF CUBA
EEE3 NECESSITY FOR AMERI
CAN OCCUPATION.
But Does Not Wish It to Be Perma- j
nent — Longs for the l>awn of
the Island's Free
dom.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— General Ca
llxto Garcia and the other Cuban Com
missioners from the Cuban Military As
sembly at Santa Cruz del Sur, who are j
en route to Washington for the purpose !
of laying before President McKinley a '■
resolution recently adopted by the Aar i
sembly as to the future of the Island of |
Cuba, arrived to-day un the Ward line
steamer Segurancia,
General Garcia and the Commission
ers were given an enthusiastic welcome
by the members of the local branch of
the Cuban Junta and many prominent
Cubans. Garcia, when seen on the
steamer, said:
"I will go to Washington In a day or
two to see the President, and after my
work in the United States is accom
plished I will return to Cuba, The
Cubans have no other feeling for the
Americans than those of friendship and
gratitude. As for myself, 1 believe in
American occupation of Cuba until or
der has been restored. I believe in the
United States having Cuba, but not for
ever. I am for free Cuba, and so are all
other Cubans. There is no sentiment on
the island fur annexation. All Cubans
have faith in Mr. McKinley.
"The commission of which I am the
head is not going to Washington with
any propositions for the President's
consideration. We are going to tell
of the country and to better the ar
rangements for the districts and in
surgent troops, collecting the customs
duties and the establishment of a post
ofnee system. American occupancy is
a necessity — but not forever."
General Garcia also said that at the j
Assembly at Santa Cruz del Sur there I
was the greatest spirit of unity shown. J
lie said that he was In sympathy with
General Butler's plan to employ Cv- j
ban soldiers as police.
"1 believe the plan is a g"ood one," he
aid. "The men could be under the di- !
rection of Cuban colonels, who would I
rep ut to the general. The present plan
is to keep the Cuban soldiers under
arms until the Americans come into a
district and then the Cuban officers in i
the district will offer the services of his j
men to the American officer. Those
who are wanted are retained by the-
American officer and the others are
sent home."
General Garcia said he did not know !
when- the capital of the island would j
uated, nor did he know when th<i
first Presidential election would be
held. He said the evacuation of the
Island was progressing "as slowly ;is '
the Spaniards can do it. They still
hate to give up their customs receipts."
He ih"i_;g:ht the stories of the trouble
with the Snanish soldiers owing to their
salarit:? being in arrears were greatly
exaggerated and that in time what was
hem would be paid. General Gar
cia paid chat there "was still great suf
fering in the towns, the people lacking
food and medicines. In the field, how
ever, the men did not want, as they
were supplied by voluntary contribu
irom the people, which were given
in spi'.e ' need.
He said that he had not heard that
General Gomez had discharged all the
Americans who were acting as officers
of the Cuban arm--, and that he did not
know Gomez was unfriendly to the
Americans.
General Jose Miguel Gomez, who is
not a relative to the commander in
chief, said there was no truth in the
stories that General Gomez was un
friendly to the Americans.
"I received orders from General
Gomez to assist the Americans when
they landed," he said, "and to facilitate
their movements in every way. I did
so, and since then the orders have jiot
been rescinded."
WARSHIPS READY FOR
RENEWAL OF THE WAR
Withdrawal of the Spanish Commis- !
sioners Would Be Followed by
Active Operations.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: Though confident that hostil
ities will not be renewed, Secretary
Long has made it a point since the
peace protocol was signed to put the
men-of-war of the service in the best |
possible condition. During the latter j
part of last week instructions were i
sent to commandants of navy yards, j
at which ships were undergoing re- [
pairs, directing them to expedite the !
completion of vessels in order that they i
might be in condition for immediate
-hould developments in the inter
national situation require their em
ployment
Should hostilities be resumed it is ex- ;
I ■ !•"! Secretary Long will again call j
together the naval war board, consist- ;
>f Rear Admiral Slcard, Captain
< jowninshield and Captain Mahan. ;
re the adjournment of the board ;
plans had been propared for the dis- '
patch of Rear Admiral Sampson and I
tli»' squadron under his command to j
the Spanish coa&t. It was not contem-
I last August that the Canaries |
.: '\,r- bi ized, hut there is reason to i
believ.e that if peace nogoto^a.tions are j
■ !i;'i<-il the authorities will serious-.
!;.- consider the advisability of directing
\\)o capture • C I he ■•• Inlands.
.The. withdrawal of the Spanish Com
missio.ners from Paris would he the
signal for '_]_■_ J. : t>a.tch of instructions
*" 7'-ar : , Admiral Sampson' to come
irorth or. the gunboat Top«ka ami re
sume duty as commander in chief of
the North- Atlantic: squadron. It may
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No soap in the
w T orld is so cheap.
No soap in the
world is so lasting.
CROKER DECLARES
AGAINST FREE SILVER
Wfll Oppose Any Presidential Candidate Who
Shall Make It an Issue in ttye Next
Campaign.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Richard Croker, the undisputed boss of
the New York Democracy, will oppose any Democratic Presidential
candidate who shall undertake to make free silver an issue in the
next campaign. In an interview upon his arrival in this city
Croker declared that free silver, as an issue, is dead.
be that as a result of an agreement be
, Spain and the United States de
cided - through the medium of the
French Government that the protocol
referring to the evacuation of Cuba
would \*f carried out without molesta
tion on the 'part of American men-of-
war.
Rear Admiral Dewey would send his
vessels to destroy the Spanish fortifi
cations at Iloilo, troops would be trans
ported to that- point and the city would
be occupied. With the fall ut this point
the last Spanish stronghold in the Phil
ippines would have disappeared, and it
would be an easy task to station troops
among the various islands to protect
American interests. Besides the Philip
pines, American men-of-war would also
hoist the flas over the Carolines.
It will be impossible for Spain to pre
vent the United States from carrying
out its will either in the Atlantic or in
the far east. In expectation of the ar
rival of the German Emperor and for
the purpose of impressing him as well j
as the -people of Spain with the size of
the remnant of the Spanish navy. Ad
miral Camara has been directed to
mobilize his ships at Cadiz. There are
now at that point the battleship Pelayo,
armored cruiser Carlos V, protected
cruiser Alfonso XIII, the reconstructed
battleships Xumancia and Vittoria, be
sides torpedo boat cruisers and" tor
pedo boats. In the Philippines Spain
has several, small gunboats and one i
auxiliary cruiser, the Buenos Ayres.
Since the war the Spanish Govern
ment has done nothing toward coi*»plet.
ing the armored cruisers of the As
turias class which are under construc
tion, her neglect being: due to lack of
funds. It is because she has no money
and because of her total • unprepared
ness for war that the authorities do
not believe to-night that there will be a
resumption of hostilities, and it is on
account of this belief that no extensive
preparations or plans are being made.
-«.
DEWEY SAYS RETAIN
ALL THE PHILIPPINES
_ _
Frankly Expresses His Views to
President Brawn of Norwich
University.
MOXTPELIER, Vt.. Nov. 21.—Presi
dent Brown of Norwich University has
received a personal letter from Ad
miral Dewey, under date of October 3,
In which the admiral says:
"I trust the entire archipelago will be
retained by the United States. Any
other arrangement will lead to no end
of trouble."
COMPLICATIONS OVER THE
SALE OF SUGAR STOCK
Suit Entered Against the Waialua
Agricultural Company for Spe
cific Peiformance.
HONOLULU, Nov. 14.— Colonel John F.
Soper and E. S. Valentine have entered
suit against B. F. Dillingham and the
Waialua Agricultural Company for spe
cific performance, to declare, a trust and
for an injunction. An injunction served j
on E. D. Tenny, representing the Waialua i
Agricultural Company, has for its pur- I
pose that of staying the issuance of stock
and a second injunction against B. F. I>il- !
lingham enjoins that defendant from dis
posing of stock.
In brief, plaintiffs claim that" Mr. Dil
lingham authorized them to place in San
Francisco $I,OuO/h» of the stock of the
new sugar company; that they did so
and paid into the hands of Welch & Co.
10 per c< nt of the value of the stock as
agreed. Therefore, they are entitled to the
delivery of the stock and the commis
sions promised by B. F. Dillingham.
The bill states that Mr. Dillingham
admits authorizing the sale of the sugar
stock and the commissions, but claims
that Soper did not sell the stock within
the time limit. S'jper and Valentine say
In reply that when the original agree
ment was entered into no time limit was
agreed upon. After they began work
Mr. Dillingham attempted to rix a time, !
which, however, the -plaintiffs declined to
recognize.
The bill further alleges that Mr. Dil
lingham subscribed 34,000 shares of stock
and now refuses to consider the sub
scribers obtained by plaintiff*, and pro
poses to assign the stock to other sub
scribers in Honolulu to . petitioners un
known, and alleges further that the
Waialua Agricultural Company proposes
issuing shares to the subscribers named
by Dillingham and not fb those secured
by the said plaintiffs.
The bill asks that the Waialua Agricul
tural Company be enjoined from issuing
the shares till further order of the court,
and that Mr. Dillingham he also enjoined
from disposing of any of the stock; that
Mr. Dillingham be adjudged a trustee of
the shares of stock In dispute for the
benefit of the subscribers secured by the
plaintiffs and to make over said shares
to such subscribers and to pay the com
mission as agreed upon.
TROTTERS AND PACERS SOLD.
Marcus Daly Disposes of a Number of
Fast Animals. '.*
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— W. B. Fas's & Co.
began their annual sale of light harness horses
In Madison Bquare Garden to-day. Among the
sales from the consignment of Marcus * Daly
were the following:-
Handspring, trotter, b. C, 2:l9'<>, 1896, by
Prodigal-Alice Wilton, to H. F. Pierce, Paw
tucket. R. 1.. $4025.
Cuprum, trotter, br. %., 2:12%, 1395. by Prodl
jfa'.-Camlol. to G. A. Thompson, New York,
$LT,OO.- - '■> * " ■ ' ■
I,aurßls, trotter, b. i.\ 2:14*4, 1595, by Prodlgal-
Laurel 8. , to .1. 11. Bronson, New Haven, $2925.
Improvidence, trotter, b. f., 2:13%, 1894, by
Prodigal-Queen Wilkes, to .1. M. . Ford, Boston,
J3WO. • . , ••'.- .■■■;. '
Red Tape, trotter, b. f., 2:36. 18<>5, by Prodigal-
Brown silk, to J. M. Ford, $2.i00.
Dominant, trotter, b. '(?., 2:K>, 1895, by Prodi
gal-Dolly Johnson, to W. 11. Boyleston, Bos
ton. $2500.
ParalleJ, br. f.. trotter, 2:21. IS9S. by Prodigal-
Annie Jackson, to J. E. Xublnger, New Haven,
$500. ! J. •:• ■
LJir.erleJo. trotter.b. k., 2:1»%, IV.<5, by Prodl
gal-Annle Wilton, to H. D. Bradbury, Holyoke,
Mass., $1625.
I.iin. trotter, b. f., 2:21. 1895, by Tied Wllkes-
Queen Anne, to W. E. Spiers, Glen Falls, N.
V.. .SI3OO, .:,'-%•■-■- . -
Phyllis, trotter, b. f.. 2:22. 1R96, by Mtlroi-
Provincial, to .T. J. O'Xell. Lexington, Mass.;
$775. - . •-.■•■■ ■ . •
Wilderneea, b. g.. pacer. . 2:18 1 ,4, 1894, by
Prodigal-Fanny Witherspoon. •to N. W. Hub-
Inger, New Haven, $2800. . 
Great Barrington. trotter, b.g., 2:23%, 1894,.
by Prisflianerr-fteal,' sold by Montevideo Stock
Farm.. Great Harrington. Mass.,- to N. W. Hub
lnger. New HaVen, $2100.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Nov. L'l. -The PostomVe
Department has raised the following Pa
cific Coast postofllces from the fourth to
the third class: N«edlofe, <'al., salary
Hiizvillo. Wanh.. $1100: Kinßjnan
and Willcox, Ariz,., $1200 and $1000 respec
ti.. ly.
Pension* have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Edward S. Jenkins,
v"allejo. $'i: John Renfroe, Los Angeles,
$24.
Coblentz Arrives at Oporto.
t.onhoN-. Nov. 21.— Lloyd's Bremen
;\Kvncy announces that the steamship
< loMcntS arrived safely at Oporto yester
day.
More Rain for San Joaquin Valley.
STOCKTON, Nov. 21.— The sky, which
had been holding out a threat of rain all
day, opened Its windows a little before
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
midnight to-night and gave this portion
of the valley a renewal of the Saturday
evening showers. Though the fall is not
great, it will do much good, as there is
good promise of a continuance.
SHIPBUILDERS SAID TO
BE FORMING A TRUST
! Union Iron Works Alleged to Have
Been Represented at a Meet
ing for This Purpose.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— An Ameri- j
j can shipbuilders' trust is already loom- ;
ing up as a result of the war with
Spain. The Navy Department had aj
strong intimation from the shipbuild- \
ers recently that stiffer prices will pre- |
vail in future, and an unmistakable iii- i
I dieation of what is in store has been '
! disclosed at a meeting held in New
York several days ago, when the repre
sentatives of tirms which have contracts
for the obsolete and discredited type of !
f single turret monitors practically
pooled their interests and determined. |
figuratively speaking, to put screws on .
the Government before they got;
through with the job.
T t is the understanding here that
those who took part in tho meeting
were Henry T. Scott of th^ Union Iron
Works, San Francisco, contractors for
the Wyoming; Superintendent Hans
com of the Bath Shipbuilding Works,
contractors for the Conn* leut; Lewis i
Nixon of Elizabeth, N. J.. contractors
for the Florida, and an official of the :
Newport News Company, contractor;
for the Arkansas.
Mr. Bcott and Mr. Hanscnm were in'
! Washington to-day and are to appear :
I with Mr. Nixon and probably Superln-
I tendent Post of the Newport News Co
m! pany before the Naval Bureau chiefs
lat a special meeting of the board of
construction to-morrow morning, to ,
reply to questions raised by the Navy !
Department In relation to the possl
| bility of getting decent warships 0-f
■ the monitor type within the limit? i>f
j the Congressional appropriation.
The authorities are fully determined ,
to make an example of the contractors ;
if any extortion is attempted, even to
the extent of debarring them from bid
ding for future work.
TIE VOTE FOR TREASURER.
Interesting Complication in Santa
Clara County.
SAX JOSE. Nov. 21.— Jus. who will be
given a Certificate of election for the
(■filer- of County Treasurer is puzzling the
people of this city and county. The can
vass of election returns by the Board of ■
Supervisors gave E. W. Conant, Good
Government League and Democratic
nominee, a majority of one over Joseph
Lotz. gang Republican.
Just before the official vote was an
nounred to-day Lotz appeared before the
board and asked that the vote for Treas
urer be recanvassed. This was readily
agreed to, all the Supervisors voting ay«
except Roll. Lotz claimed that in Rerry
es9a an extra vote had been counted for
Conant. He said the tally Bheet showed
in one place a block of four yotos Instead
of five. In order to decide this the tally
I sheet in the hands of the inspector at
i Berryessa was sent for. When Highland
precinct was reached it was found that
Lot* had one more vote than was count- j
■ed This was given him and made his
j vote a tie with Conant. The Highland ;
tally sheet kept by the Inspector has also
been called for.
Ml kinds of rumors are current on the
streets to-night. One i« that the Supervi
sors are attempting to count Lotz in,
and another that they will make the vote
a tie and have another election for
Treasurer, as the gang: is afraid that a
contest for the office may disclose fraud.
The Supervisors are being openly criti
cized for their action in th»> matter.
The vote for County Treasurer has
changed frequently since election. The re
turns on their face showed that Conant
I was elected by sixteen votes, and Lotz
j conceded his d' feat. The official can
: vasa changed ten votes In Rucker pre-
I cinct to Lotz, and in another five were
; taken from Conant. This left Conant one
i ahead of Lotz. The recanvaaa to-day has
made them a tie, and Lotz' a friends are
relying on Berryessa precinct to put him
one ahead.
It Is hard to understand how the extra
vote in Highland escaped attention in the
flfst official canvass. That place gave
Lotz 15 and Conant 5. To-day Lotz nad
one more. After It was canvassed the
tally sheet was handed around the room,
and fifteen or twenty persons saw it. The
Berryessa tally sheet sent for gives Co
nant 93, Lotz 96. This Is the same as the
sheet In the clerk's office. UnlOßfl some
excuse arises in the count of other pre
cincta to give Lotz another vote it. will
■ remain a tie, and another election will
I follow.
WATSONVILLE MOURNS.
' Tribute to the Late City Councilman
Kennedy.
WATBONVIL.LE, Nov. 21.— The public
! flags of the city are flying at half-mast
I in respect to the memory of City Coun
j rilman Thomas Kennedy, who died at St.
: Mary's Hospital in San Francisco on Bun
! day. Mr. Kennedy was a native of Ire
land and 68 years of age. He came to this
city In l K sfi and since then had been en
gaged in the livery stable business. He
was one oJ Santa Cruz County's most
public-spirited citizens and his reputu- ;
! tion as a lover of blooded horses was
' Statewide. The funeraj to-morrow will be
i one of the largest in the history of the
j county. His estate is valued at $60,000
I and will go to hiß wife and three sons.
Creeks Defeat the Treaty.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21. — Becretary
'•■ Bliss has received a dispatch from Indian
I Inspector Wright in the Indian Territory
■ announcing that the count of- the returns
i in the Creek election has just been com
; pleted and that the Dfiwes Commission
' treaty instead of being ratified, as had
! been believed, is defeated by a majority
! of 138 votes.
Makes the Board Republican.
FRESNO, Nov. 21.— Phil Scott, Super
i visor-elect of the Third District, will take
his seat on the Ist. Mr. Scott was elected
> to nil the unexplred term of the late A.
E. Smith. This will make the board Re
publican.
Sir John Fowler Dead.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— Sir John Fowler,
i who was engineer in chief of the Forth
; bridge, for which services he was ere
; ated a Baronet in IS9O. Is dead. He was
I born In 1817.
Postmaster in Alaska,
WASHINGTON. Nov. 21.— The first ap
i polntment of a postmaster In Alaska for
I a long- period was made to-day, Samuel
I Nellsen Deing named at Sumdum.
Collector for Southern Oregon.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— The Presi
ident has appointed John Morgan to be
; Collector at Customs for the Southern
! Dlßtrlct of Oregon.
FOBT BAKER DESERTION.
; Private Samuel A. Breeding Takes
French Leave.
SAUSALITO, Nov. 21.— Fort Baker Is in
an uproar over the desertion of another
I private, and sco.utlng parties have been
j scouring the hills of Maxln County In a
fruitless search for the missing soldier.
Rather than, endure the aljeged 111-treat
ment to which he claimed to be subjected,
Samual A. Breeding, one of the most pop
ular boys in the camp, deserted his post
last nigljt, under sensational circum
stances, and not a clew has been discov
ered regarding his whereabouts, notwith
standing the fact that the ferries at Tib
uron and this city have been closely
guarded and that squads of bluecoats
searched the hills all last night and to
day in an endeavor to apprehend him.
He was an important witness in the re
cent investigation held by Lieutenant Ben
nett and feared that he would be made to
suffer for it. Accordingly he prepared
papers asking for his discharge on the
ground of physical disability, which were
signed by Dr. Williams, the post surgeon.
Yesterday Breeding asserted to a friend
that, owing to the agency of Captain
Choynski, he had learned that no dis
charge would be granted. He added that
he would desert rather than further en
dure the rigors of military life at Fort
Baker.
EXCEEDINGLY COSTLY FISH.
Oakland Dealers Pay Dearly for Vio- '
lating the Game Law.
Two Oakland flsh dealers, George Smith
of 914 Washington street, and John Ruck
er of Washington and Twelfth streets,
were yesterday made to feel the penalty
; of violating the- game laws of the State.
Last Wednesday they were arrested by
Deputy Fish Commissioner John Davis for
selling bass weighing less than three
pounds. . Davis purchased two small fish
for 25 cents from each place, which he
held, as evidence of the violation. The
men were released on $10 ball, and when
the cases were called on last Friday they
forfeited their bail, evidently supposing
that this was the last of the matter.
In this they made a serious miscalcula
tion, for yesterday Judge Moore had them
brought into court on bench warrants. He ;
heard the evidence and examined the fish. |
Without much ado the JUdge imposed a
fine of $30 on each offender, and made i
some pertinent comment upon folks who
encourage people to violate the laws of :
the State by buying and disposing of the
product of such offense. The fine of $30 I
added to the forfeited bail of $10 brought i
the price of the fish up to about $80 for '■■
the two, to say nothing of the lawyers'
■ fees. . ■ ... . :,-■■.-
WEALTHY FILIPINOS
ARRIVE ON COPTIC 1
■ I
ALL THEIR PALACES PLACED AT
DISPOSAL OF OUR TROOPS.
They Gave Aguinaldo $10,000 "With
the Understanding That He
Should Fight Solely for
Annexation.
Don Maximo and Don Angel D. Cortes, j
brothers, and Filipinos of much wealth
and distinction, arrived here from the
Philippines yesterday and registered at i
the Palace.
They bear the following Interesting !
letter from Consul General Wildman of
Hongkong;
"Oct. 22, 1898.
"To Whom It May Concern: This is to i
certify that Don Maximo Cortes is at j
present the he-ad of the wealthy and dis- ;
tinguished Cortes family of Manila. He !
is also the representative of the wealthy ]
and educated citizens of Manila who, i
from the commencement of the late war, j
have advocated the annexation of the i
islands to the United States. On May 6, |
1898, Don Maximo on behalf of his family
sent a cablegram through the consulate j
to President McKinley, submitting his
allegiance and praying for citizenship.
Shortly afterward, in my presence, he i
gave General Aguinaiuo $10,000, on the j
understanding that Aguinaldo was to j
ftghi Bolely fur annexation. With the
occupation ot Manila by Admiral Dewey i
and General Merritt. he placed all his I
palaces and houses at the disposal of our
forces, and they are now being occupied j
by them, rent frei-. General Merritt ac
knowledged the Government service ren- I
dered to our forces, both in my pr< sence ;
and to his successor, General Otis. In j
many other ways, such as giving in- I
formation, the Cortes family has ren- j
• i ired material service to our people."
The Utter in closing bespeaks for the
Cortea brothers th»> kindly courtesy of all
Americans, etc. The distinguished Fill- '
pitiQS, aimed with this letter, are here to [
shew tln-ir .sympathy with our republican I
institutions and \o implore President Me- j
Klnk-y to annex the islands. In an Inter
view yesterday they stated that a very |
larpe part of their property had been con- ;
fiscated by the Spaniards, and much of it j
has never been recovered. Their entire i
wealth before the war was about $3,000,000. i
of which they estimate that they have j
:uri •■<;> lost, outside of realty, about
■■• 0.
. ♦ t
ORMONDES DAUGHTER.
Failed to Bring Fancy Prices at Killip
& Go.'s Sale Last Night.
The much-talked-about Ormonde year- '
lings were l>d into the sales ring 1 at Killip
& Co. 'a stockyard last evening, before a
very large gathering of horsemen. The
bidding, though, was a disappointment, !
Bye realizing but $5350. The star of
the sale was Orthia, which, after a rally
between Denny Lynch, acting for 2d
Lanigan, and W. B. Sink Jr., was secured
by the latter for $2300. Ed Blazer, nroba
bly representing Charles Fair, was quite
an extensive purchaser.
The prices realized at the sale were as
follows:
St. Felicity, eh. f.. by St. Carlo-Prin
cess Idle $400, E. Lanigan; St. Ellzaßeth,
oh. f., by St. Carlo-Bessie W.. $300, judge
Post; Artemis, rh. f., by St. Carlo-Moon
light, $425, Judge Post; Mordia, b. f., by
Morello-Kosciulottie, $150, J. Neil; Orthia*
eh f by Ormonde-Muta. $2300, W. B.
Sink Jr.; Oriva, b. f., by Ormonde-Geneva,
$700. B. Blazer; Gold Lace. b. f., by Or
inonde-Ltbbertlflibbet. $1100, F. M. Tay
lor; Ro^> of Ormonde, eh. f., by Ormonde-
Bud S^.Vt E. Klaz>r; Oremus. b. f., by
Ormonde-Santa .Cruz. $900, E. Blazer;
| Almendral. eh. c. by St. Carlo-Venetla,
$325, W. B. Sink Jr; Steel Diamond, eh.
'.. by St. Carlo-Carrie M. $300. "Daggle"
Smith.
The last two colts were not the property
of \V. 08. MacJonough.
BONDS FOR HIGHBINDERS.
Judge Conlan Makes an Order That
; Will Have a Good Effect.
Four highbinders. Ling Chow, Low
I Yuen, Low lien Way and Long' Lcong.
were before Judge Conlan yesterday on
a charge of vagrancy, and ,; their cases
i were continued until November 28. - •■*
i , The Judge, in view of the unsettled
feeling In Chinatown, fixed the bonds of
: each defendant at $1000, or $500 cash. As
i presiding : Judge -he notified the other
Judges of his action, 1 and stated that he
i Intended In-future to make that a rule in
nil cases till quietness was restored in
Chinatown. ' ■
. - • ■ .■ ■ ■ . . ♦ ■
Charming Auxiliary Lecture.
Miss Annie S. Peck, the famous moun
tain-climber, will deliver h.er second lec
ture .in this city at the .First Unitarian
Church this afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. Her
; subject will be "Athens," and as she was
a student at the American ■■•< Soheol. % of
Archaeology in that. city , for- a number of
years her talk will be most interesting.
The lecture will be given under the aus
pices of the ladies of the Charming Aux
iliary. .-^ .
. . • ■ — ' <;
A Guatemalan Pianist To-Night.
Rafael Mean?, lute director of the
Guatemala Conservatory of Music, will
I give his first recital In America at the
; Sherman & Clay Hall this evening. He
studied with CesJ in Naples for five years,
and is said to be a wonderful pianist, rtia
programme will Include the works of
Beethoven, rhopin. Liszt and "W agner,
. and he will also play several of his own
, compositions.
Oobd Out of Evil.
D. H. Van i'.uskirk and M. T. Schu
■ macher, members of Battery I, Third Ar
tillery, were yesterday sentenced by
i Judge' Mogan to pay a fine of $3u each,
with the alternative of thirty days In Jail,
; for using insulting language to Mrs. Lena
i Silver at the Presidio, last Thursday. The
L result has been an order preventing wo
i men from visiting the soldiers in fu
1 ture. _
The Majesty of the Law.
Edward Gartland, who stabbed a horse
severe] times with a pitchfork and was
arrested for cruelty to animals, pleaded
guilty in Judge Joachimsen's court yes
terday, and with the consent of the pros
ecuting officers got off with a line of 125.
The horse belonged to J. M. Christensen,
a coal dealer on Ellis street.
STOCKHOLDERS
ARE BECOMING
RATHER UNEASY
Hale&Norcross Funds
Vanishing.
GROOM'S FAT UNEARNED FEE
RECEIVER ALLOWED 95000 ON
ACCOUNT BY THE COURT.
Investors Fearful That the $300,000
Judgment Will Melt Away
and Leave Nothing
for Them.
When, at the end of seven years' litlga
| tlon, with all Its dips, spurs and angles,
j over $300,000 was paid by defendants Into
1 court the fore part of this month to sat
• Isfy the Hale & Norcross judgment, the
i stockholders indulged in the high hope
that sumethlng was at last coming to
them. As between $6 and $7 a share has
been levied and collected on the stock by
way of assessments since the suit was be
gun it has not been a very, profitable turn
for those who got in early.
The receiver, J. J. Groom, having failed
to give his bond for $50,000, Banker Hell
| man kindly came to his relief upon condl
i tlon thut the money should be deposited
j in the Union Trust Company. A distribu
tion of the money then seemed to be in
i order. The judgment provided for a fee
of 25 per cent of the amount to Attorney
Baggett, which was promptly paid over,
as the stockholders cheerfully recognized
his right to this allowance for long, faith
ful and valuable services. This left some
1225,000 in the hands of the receiver.
The Gray son board (Grayson being
claimed to be another name for Hayward)
then annlied to the court to have this
money turned over to the company. It
was talked on the street that a dividend
of $1 to the stockholders was all that was
! to be expected. To this the Fox and Bag
gett board objected, also a large majority
of the stockholders, who were very sus
picious of the Grayeon board.
A meeting of the stockholders waa held
! on Tuesday, November 15, at which more
than two-thirds of the whole stock was
represented. A resolution was passed de
manding a dividend of $1 50 a share, also
recognising the Fox board and expressing
confidence in It. As $1 50 dividend was
! only about 50 per cent of the judgment.
i the demand of the stockholders for that
! amount can hardly be considered extor
i tlonate.
About the time of this meeting Judge
Hebbard, without notice to anybody, made
an order allowing Receiver Groom JSOOO
, and his attorneys, Lindley & Etckhoff,
1 the same amount, on account to that
j date. As the services of the receiver up
I to that time only consisted In paying Mr.
Baggett his fee, some curiosity has been
: excited on the nart of the stockholders to
know what may be the meaning of the
words "on account."
It has been suggested by some of the
: stockholders that unless an understanding
. is soon reached by the contending boards
; and themselves they may be painfully re
i minded of the fable about the cat and
I the cheese.
Church Concert.
A grand concert will be given at the
Central M. E. Church, Mission street, be
tween Sixth and Seventh, this evening.
Tho admission will be free, but a free-will
offering will be taken up during the inter
mission for the benefit of Hip music fund.
The chorus is composed of seventy-five
voices, all well trained, and a treat' is in
store for lovers of music.
Union Baptist Service.
The Baptists will unite in a Thanksgiv
ing service Thursday morning in Emman
uel Baptist Church. The sermon will
be preacher! by the Rev. William C. Jen
kins, pastor of Hamilton Square Church,
and the scriptual lessons will be read
by Rev. John Downie, representing the
First Baptist Church.
I KNOCKED OUT BY I
: A PULLMAN SLEEPER :
* ; ■• ;•■ ■ ■ ■ ■ * ■
'*; ' ' i ', ,■■ .'.^ ; ". : .--. r % *~
* A Little Tale of Woe Concerning *
* William Gillette, Actor. :; *
* - ' , - v ■ ,';,' *
ONE little fault, so minute and altogether insignificant that "fault" is *
much too: harsh a term to apply to it, and a bundle, a great big' bundle *
of all kinds of virtues,, are the ingredients - that •go to make up the *
whole of the delightful personality of William Gillette,' capable actor •*
* and. noted playwright. There is not the slightest reasonable doubt about the *
* Gillette's own advance representative stands sponsor for. it— and *
* when an advance agent-says aught against the "star" he represents its *
* truth cannot be challenged. ' - •
* This blot on the fair name and fame of the author-actor, this smirch on *
« the immaculate Gillette escutcheon, is nothing more terrible than a detesta- *
* tlon of a Pullman sleeper. Gillette stands 6 feet 2in his silk-clocked hosiery, *
#' and "when he Is forced to woo repose with his shapely. .knees in juxtaposi- *
* tion'to his determined chin all his usual delightful geniality, his charming i*
* alluring mannerisms desert him and he has been known to say "Damn!" - *
* The advance man told all this. The actor could, see no one. The ad- *
* vance man led the press representative to the hostelry which sheltered the *■
* distinguished man and sent up the reporter's card. '• "Urgent," wrote the ; ■*.'-_
* advance man under the name, underlining twice with 1 deep, dark lines the- ■*•
* sententious message. .. ,v , . : . ••' . ■• '.-;>'■,*•■.;
* "It is doubtful if he will see you," said the ( advance njan. "( "When we left * ■.,
* New York this time he said to. me, 'No interviews on this tour, Emmet,' *.„
* and up to now he has not altered his decision." ' :>';••,:' '■ -••" : ' .■■ *.-
* - While waiting for the ultimatum the little' man. ,'who represents , the: ■.*;.
* great man dwelt with tender regard upon his delightful personality, his ut- ; *-
* ter lack of conceit, his geniality, his student habits, his too many Qualities ';
* and his one little, tiny fault. , . . • . ..-..; - ■ •. . *V
* . "He hates a sleeper,", explained Emmet, "and^whenever he can he *".
* travels by day only, stopping over at places during fh.e night. On his last #.;
* visit to San Francisco, with 'Too Much Johnson;" he went on ten days: ln'"* 1
* advance of 'his company so he need travel by day only. ,* He Is Just the most *..'
* charming fellow: he scarcely ever smokes—" . " v "!. •*
* "But why won't he see press representatives this T tour?" rudely inter- * ,;
* rupted the interviewer. '; ' ; -^'
* , "Because his health is bad and he spends all his spare moments nerving #
* himself for the task of the. evening; because visitors break in on his train *
•# of thoughts, and he is writing a new play;, because he is nervous — " 5V*,-
* "Nervous? What does he do? How does he show it? Rumple his hair?"
* "He doesn't do anything," said the advance man. No; he doesn't do *
* a thing. . Just says he is nervous." f :',lr''^ '
* The attendant brought back the reporter's card. ■*
* "In bed," was inscribed upon it. ' * ,
* "I knew," said Emmet. The train was six hours late and he has been * ■
!*! * traveling for two days and you know what I told you about a sleeper." • # »
■»-...-..■. ■■•''• -■■-••• ■-' '.•".-.•.". ■ ■ ■.:..•-*'
ft************************************
BURNED AS
THEY LAY IN
THEIR BUNKS
While Stupefied With Opium
Two Chinamen Meet Death
in Flames.
Ung Gor, Accused of Incendiarism, Ran
Amuck, Slashed His Accuser and As
saulted the Police Who Came
to Arrest Him.
Stupefied with opium and the deadly i
fire fumes Ah Qui. an 18-year-old boy, and
Wong Gow were unable to escape from
tbe burning lodging-house at 22 and ill
Waverly place last nigrttt and were
i burned to death as they lay in their :
1 bunks in the cramped-up loft they called |
I their home.
I Detective fid Gibson and Officer McMa
' hon discovered smoke issuing from the:
! general merchandise store of Wang Sim
Lung shortly before 8 o'clock and imme
diately turned in an alarm* from box 294.
They broke in the doors leading to the '
lodging-rooms on the upper floors and f
gave, warning .to the Inmates, a large,
number of whom hurried into the street.
The firemen had worked in the burning
building for nearly an hour and had the
flames well under control before the ;
bodies were discovered.
Quong Sin Lung, a merchant on Du
pont street, and the father of Ah Qui, ,
! the burned boy, was away from home j
when the fire started, and when he re- j
turned told the police that he feared his .
son was still in the building. His story j
was at first doubted, but he was so per- ,
sistent in his claim and so evidently
moved by his fear of the- son's peril that
an investigation was made and the two
bodies found. Ah Qui was near a. win
dow in the rear of the house and from j
the position of the body it is believed
he had attempted to make his escape, i
The body of Wong Gow was lying in a >
bunk. Both bodies were burned to a f
Wong Gow came here recently from
I Silver City, Idaho, where he has been
; in business. He was on his way to China
I and was to have sailed on the Coptic,
: having secured passage on that vessel.
During the excitement attendant on the
! fire Ung Gor, a woodchopper, living in the
I basement of the scorched building, ere-
I ated a little diversion by slashing one of
! his countrymen with a jackknife, threat
ening the crowd and assaulting the police
who came to place him under arrest.
i According to the disconnected story tola
by witnesses of the affair, Ung Gor was
accused by a Chinaman of setting lire to
the building. He became excited, drew a
! knife and slashed his defamer. Ihe
wounded man then made a lunge at Lng
Gor. cutting him in the abdomen, ung
Gor's opponent was spirited away, and
just how seriously he is wounded is not
I known. .
The excitement of his encounter seemed
to craze Ung Gor, and brandishing -is
knife above his head he drove the crowd
in front of him until stopped by Special
Larry Bellinger. The infuriated China
man aimed a blow at the special, who
dodged it. Officers Knight and Galloway
rushed to the scene of the disturbance and
were attacked by Ung Gor. Officer
Knight's corpulent stomach attracted tne
Chinaman's eye, and toward it he lunged
his knife. How he came to miss his mark
Knight Is unable to explain, but not wish
ing to run the risk of a second attack on
that his weak point, the officer laid Ung
Gor low with a blow from his club. The
vicious Chinese was taken to the Harbor
Hospital, and after his wounds were
dressed was locked up at the California
street station on the charge of assault to
commit murder.
Captain Comstock thinks the fire started
I In the store of Wang Sim Lung, a dealer
in general merchandise, and gives as the
cause of the blaze the overturning or ex
plosion of a coal oil lamp. The captain
! would not estimate the damage, saying
I that it was considerable. To the building
owned by Solomon Gctz and that on the
stock of "Sim Lung the loss is total. Tha
entire damage will probably reach $10,000.
OBJECT TO COBBLESTONES.
Polk Street Merchants Want a Bi
.. • • tumen Pavement on Their
; V'~ '""*- •'-' J {'' Thoroughfare. •
Polk street merchants are clamoring for
bitumen pavement. Lv H. KV>hn, a lead
ing merchant on that thoroughfare, said
yesterday:.
"As one of the board of directors of the
Polk-street Progress Club I unhesitating
ly say We do not want cobblestones any
longer on our street. It is time Polk street
advanced from the era of cobblestone
pavements to a modern pavement of bitu
men. Our street, the merchants doing 1
business on it, and the property owners
were the first to place electric lights on
the streets; an example that had been fol
lowed by almost all the business, centers
of the city, until at last the Supervisors
made provision in the present appropria
tion for this system of illumination.
"I am in favor of bitumen from Sutter
to Lombard street any way, and if the
street, was re paved to Market it would bo
all the better" ...» '. %
Kohn's expression's are shared in by
every member of the new club, which has
been recently started on the foundation of
the old Improvement Club. Following on
the lines of this improvement, the club
will also petition the Supervisors to have.
Polk street graded to the bay. Another
grievance which will receive the atten
tion of the club is that' of lights. The
majority of the merchants complain that
tIK-ir bills for electric lights are twice as
much as is charged in other portions of
the city.
Puerta del Oro Lecture.
The fifth lecture of the educational
course given by Puerta del Oro Chapter
of the Daughters of the American Revo
lution will be delivered at Golden Gate
Hail, 625 Sutter street, this evening. The
speaker of the evening will be Dr. K. C.
Babcock, and the subject on which he
will speak is "Jefferson's Political Ideas
and Methods."
1 : ;; * what AILS you ?
™™ WHAT AILS YOU?
I '^ WHAT AILS YOU ?
gain WHAT m m ?
CONSULT "•! • ILJ ; lUUf
■".."Hudson; j WHAT AILS YOU ?
1 "DOCTORS " " nM "■ ' *
, FRER 1 WHAT AILS yOU ?
ARE YOU TROUBLED WITH PAINS IN
the. small of the back? Are you troubled
with pains on each side of backbone to lower .
points' of shoulder-blade? Are you troubled "
with pains in head? Left Bide or right side?
Do you have shooting pains?
Have you dizziness in the head? Dark flecks
appearing before your gaze? Palpitation of
heart? If you stoop over what do you notice?
Have you a curious -weak feeling? Have you
gases on the stomach? Does the head swim?
Can you rest well at night? Do you wish to be
cured ? • ■ • •
Do You Wish to Be Cured? F
Do You Wish to Be Cured?
CONSULT HUDSON DOCTORS FREE
If you wish to be cured you should learn
about • the • great Hudyan. Hudyan is a c remedy
treatment for men. ■ Hudyan cures diseases and
disabilities of , men. Hudyan cures Nervous
Weakness, " Nervous Debility. ; Is ervouß Ex-
haustion. ••• :__. ■ :.- • ■--•
....CIRCULARS FREE....
. No one has Hudyan but the Hudson doctors.
....BLOOD P0150N.... ;
If In the first, secondary or tertiary state,
you should use the 30-day cure. Write- for 80-
day cure circulars, or - • .-■-'•
Consult the Hudson Doctors Free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Ste.,
. . ; SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
1898 -TAXES-1898
.: . — - .-•..;...:. .;
Notice is hereby given that .the. first
installment of real estate taxes. . nd all
unpaid personal property taxes, includ-
ing balance due from those .who. 'have
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS received after SATUR-
DAY EVENING, November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS, November : 25 and
26, from 7 to 9 p. m.
JAMES N. BLOCK,
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San. Francisco. . .
Use 'fi^k and ■
Facial Soap ||/)# facial Cream.
Acne. Pimples. Comedones or Flesh Worm*
permanently cured by JOHN H. WOODBURY.
• 127 W 42d st. New York, 163 State st., Chicago,
inventor of WoodbUry's Facial Soap and Facial
; Cream. V • ■•• •' " '■■'■'.'■
MjrauLTY.
iH^HIS well-kxowx AND reliable old
A Specialist cures Private, Nerve::* and Blood Dis-
eases of Men <mly.' Book on Private l>isen.s»-8 and
. \Veaknesses of Men,tr»Je.''-Oye!r 20y'iV experience.
' Patlentscaredntllf>me,TerTn«rea^onaMe. Hours!)
to3 daily; 6:3o to8:30ev ;i gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
: ); r.-'j '■.■■> P. ROSCOE McNULTY. M.D.,
.'• 26 I ,* Kearny .San Francisco. Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican -remedy.; gives * health and
strength to sexual. organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
aCO-dSBV
\i -?PATENTSt J
■ \ttl^33o MARKET ST. S.F. %S*^
• -WILD STUDENT
ENTHUSIASM
AT BERKELEY
Football Men Packed
Off the Field.
A RATTLING PRACTICE GAME
BETTER REPORTS COME FROM
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
Stanford Plays a Good Defensive and
California a Strong Offensive
Qame — Coaches Are Hope
ful and Reticent.
At least 2000 spectators lined the Univer
sity of California gridiron and packed the
stands yesterday afternoon for the last
hard practice game before the match on
Thanksgiving day. All varieties of en
tertainment were offered — a cremation of
the hoodoo, fast and snappy football, In
termezzos by the college band, which for
the first time in its checkered career
played music that reached the dignity of
the name, and an enthusiasm of youth
that has never been equaled within the
confines of Berkeley.
The ceremonies were ushered in by the
burning of the tackling bag. This 1b a
custom at Princeton and at the suggestion
of Cochrane was put into pra.etice for the
lirst time on the California campus. Pre
cisely at 4 o'clock the students coming
from their recitations gathered in sardine
compactness about the stuffed effigy of
the god of hoodoos, the progenitor of four
football defeats. A torch was lighted and
the flames applied to the coal-oiled bag.
On an altar of sand the last remnants of
many weeks of preliminary wurk was sac
riticed to the awful lust of a god who has
made it his special business to alight upon
Tin' California banners on Thanksgiving
day. Whether or not the sacrifice will ap
pease his wrath and keep him quiet and
iar distant on Thanksgiving day will be
(it-cided not many hours hence. The low
dirge and funereal chant of the expiating
collegians was apparently weird enough to
expel the insatiable deity for all time.
This was the introduction to a most
eventful day on the Berkeley campus. The
conclusion brought forth great enthusiasm
ami such scenes as made the college town
wild with excitement. Cochrane. with a
Bhout of satisfaction, called out, "Line up
for the last play." Hardly had the words
s mouth 'when 500 rooters left then
and leaped the fence that separated
from the gridiron. Rushing down
the Beld in cyclonic fashion they
picked out the football players, mounted
the>m upon their shoulders and bore them
triumphant to the gymnasium. Cochrane
not stem the tidal storm and was
i against bis volition to ride the hu
• Hall, Thane, Pringle. Plunk
ett—in fact, every canvas jacket on the
was suddenly made a barehead rid-
The team was deposited upon the sod in
froiit of the gymnasium, but all this idol
atry did not cease there. Songs, yells,
shrieks and heaven-splitting noises con
tinued to tell the blue and gold gridiron
athletes that something exceptional was
happening 1 . The only man on the field
who was not packed off was Cadwallader.
Four enthusiasts made a try at him. The
giant of some iTS pounds was immovable.
and as a derrick was not handy he alone
■ d the temporary dementia of the
students.
There was a genuine cause for all this
exuberance. The big eleven had played
its last hard practice game and it was
a ganv that well deserved the show of en
thusiasm. For forty minutes Cochrane
put his cubs through a practice that was
it, snappy, full of eringer and as sat
isfying as anything ever seen on the
Berkeley gridiron. The team which will
line up against Stanford on Thursday
played at the outset of the game. In order
LYe the backs, who were a bit fine,
Cochrane changed the line-up from time
to time, giving McNab a chance in place
of Hall. Kaarsberg at full made a splen
did showing. He kicked two goals from
field, punted for good distances, ran with
the ball for big gains and conducted him
self in general good style. "Locomotor"
Smith plowed through the opposing line,
holding his feet with five men around him.
Thane. Pringle. YVhipple, Oreisberg and
the rank and file did their duty. The ends
never played a better game, with perhaps
the single exception of interfering with a
fair catch.
What was? most encouraging to the Cali
fornia coaches was the team work. The
eleven played as a unit, the interference
being strong and well formed. The pass
ing was fiuiok and the backs were well
under way at the time the ball was put in
the hands of the runner.
The work on the offense was of strong
quality, but not so fine on the defense.
Cochrane's criticism is as follows:
"I was well satisfied with the work of
the team on the offense, but the defensive
is all but satisfactory. The second eleven
was allowed to advance the ball at times,
and this should never be the case. It is
all right to say the team played good ball,
but will they play it on Thanksgiving day?
Twice they have failed at the crucial time.
the last evidence of It being on Saturday
a 'week, when they played the Olympics.
Thin, again, the California eleven will
face a line of men who will play for their
lives. I am not so confident of victory.
but am full of hope." And then the great
Princeton captain smiled and walked
away to the gymnasium.
STANFORD IMPROVING.
The Cardinals' Work Is Now Encour-
aging to the Coaches.
CONGRESS SPRINGS. Xn V . 21.—Con
ditions are reassuring at Congress Spring?:,
for the praetire games this morning and
afternoon showed the team to be in better
shape than at any time this season. The
physic.il state of the athletes who will
mix things on Thanksgiving day is
steadily improving and everything gives
token of the development of a team that
will be much stronger than was antici
pated. The look of gloom that has man
tled the brow of Conch Cross for the last
few days has disappeared and he is now
in much better spirits.
The team rose early, loitered around for
1 - — i — - — ■
Hopper, Thane and Kerfut, California's Three Promising Candidates f
Quarterback.
MET DEATH WHILE
AIDING HIS MOTHER
Arthur Delatour, Aged 8 Years,
Killed by a Falling Box.
Arthur Delatour, an eight-year-old boy, was struck on the head and
killed last evening by a box of iron bed rails in the rear of the establish
ment of Alexander Mackay & Son. The boy had left his home but five min
utes before, and was hunting for firewood to help his mother at the time
of -the unfortunate accident.
Witnesses of the accident carried the unconscious boy to the office of Dr.
Hapersberger, who did everything possible, but the injured child lived only
a few minutes. The mother, who has been separated from the father of the
child for several years, became frantic at the news of her son's injury, and,
accompanied by the aged grandfather, hurried to the doctor's office, only
to learn that her child, the only thing she had to care for, had been taken
from her.
The few persons who saw the accident pay that the boy was walking
along the sidewalk beside the boxes of bed rails, each of which weighed
about 300 pounds, and that the one which struck him fell just as he came
opposite them. There were three boxes standing together almost on a bal
ance, and it is believed that some slight jar just as the boy passed caused
the front box to fall. The boy was thrown violently to the sidewalk and
sustained v fracture of tht skull.
The two most important witnesses are James Gladstone, living at 13S
Francisco, and J. R. Mitchell. 1819 Post. They are employed by the gas
company, and were working on Stevenson street but a few feet away from
the scene of the accident. Both are positive that the boy did not touch the
box, and think that the accident was due to the careless manner in which
the boxes were placed against the building.
The people connected with the furniture company, scenting a damage
suit, are inclined to think that the boy must have been playing around the
boxes. "We have been bothered a great deal." said one of the gentlemen,
"by boys playing round the rear of the store and asking us for wood from
the cases. I don tsee that we can be blamed for this accident. Every day
we receive goods from the freight companies, and this the men who de
liver it unload on our sidewalk. We remove it as quickly as possible, but
sometimes are obliged to let it remain for several hours. As for the acci
dent this evening, I am of the opinion that the box would not have fallen
of its own volition."
a few hours, during which a wholesome I
breakfast was disposed of, and with a
shout of enthusiasm lined up for the
morning practice. The greater part of
the time was given over to signal work,
but during the last ten minutes the hard
est kind of practice was played.
In the afternoon the team played again,
this time for regular practice. The of
fensive work lacked harmony and unity.
There was a slowing down of . the backs,
who did not get into the play fast enough
to suit the coaches. The defensive work
was much better and more satisfactory.
In the practice Oilman sprained his an
kle, but not seriously. No other injuries
recurred. Freeman is recovering slowly
from his dislocation of the shoulder. The
coaches are reticent about the certainty
of his playing in the game on Thursday.
He did not play to-day and will not be on
the field before the Intercollegiate game.
From present indications it Is. the inten
tion of the coaches to play him Thurs
day. The other doubtful position is full
back. Burmeister has not been playing
the position since his last injury to his
knee, Fisher lining up as full to-day, but
may not be in place Thanksgiving day.
If he should play right half the choice
will lay between Dole and Clinton, with
the chances in the former's favor.
The team will play a light practice game
to-morrow and leave for San Jose on
Wednesday, going to San Francisco on
Thursday morning.
Nine of the second eleven men returned
to Palo Alto to-night. Their work Is over
and they will not don their jackets until
Thursday. The team lined up in the
practice as follows: ■ , *
Varsity. - Positions.
BiKk.w i ..Center
James Left guard
81anchard......... Right guard
Wilson Right tackle
Rush Left tackle
Parker Right en 2
Smith Left end
Murphy Quarter
C1int0n...... .... Right half
Dole l^etl half
FisherV.y.y.V.y..'. Fullback
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin Bts. Swimming, RuEiian. hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE FRUGAL MAYOR.
He Says He Spent Only $275 on the
Election.
The various candidate* before tne peo
ple of San Francisco at the rec-ent elec
tion are filing sworn statements of their
expenses with the County Clerk. So far
some thirty of these documents have
been presented at the Hall of Records.
There Is little importance to be attached
to them, inasmuch as all declare they
expended only 10 per cent or less of the
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
sum representing- the salary of the office
I to which they aspired. Mayor Phelan in
| his affidavit states that his total expenses
I were $275. This money went to the cam-
I puign committee. The affidavits axe de
! void of remarks, and are very brief in
! form.
"Richelieu" To-Night.
This evening the Gentlemen's Sodality
Dramatic Club will present Bulwer's
masterpiece "Richelieu" at St. Ignatius
Hall, on Van Ness avenue, for the bene
fit of the Ladies' Francesca Relief So
ciety. The hall, which seats three thou-
ASSEMBLYMAN-ELECT L H. VALENTINE.
sand people, has been newly decorated
for the occasion, and judging from the
elaborate scenery and costuming, as well
as the reputation of the well known am
ateurs who will take part, it is sure to be
a success. Tickets of admission may be
secured in the evening at the hall on Van
Ness avenue.
. ♦ .
Dreyfus Careful of His Health.
Ex-Captain Dreyfus has evidently
not given up to despair. Judging from
the list of things which he has requisi
tioned for next month's consumption,
he Is disposed to make the best of a bad
job. He will smoke between three and
four pounds of pipe tobacco and fifty
cigars and consume a liberal provision
of chocolate and Camembert cheese.
An even more significant fact is his
order Dor two bottles of Hunyadi Janos
water, which testifies a desire to main
tain his health and effectually disposes
of any lurking suspicion that the lone
prisoner contemplates suicide.
L. H. VALENTINE
WITHDRAWS HIS
CANDIDACY
Throws His Strength
to H. E.Wright.
ALL OVER BUT THE SHOUTING
THE SPEAXERSHIP QUESTION
PRACTICALLY SETTLED.
Reasons Given by the Southern
Californian for His Retire
ment From the
Contest.
The question of who will be Speaker
of the next Assembly was practically
| settled yesterday, when L. H. Valen
! tine of Los Angeles withdrew from the
i contest in favor of Howard E. Wright
j of Berkeley.
Though Wright's strength has been
! patent to those Interested in his candi
| dacy the fact of Valentine's withdrawal
| was nevertheless somewhat of a sur
| prise to the friends of both gentlemen
I As a member of the last Assembly Mr.
I Valentine made an enviable record as
a legislator, and his re-election to the
seat by a handsome majority was fit
ting: evidence of the manner in which
his services at Sacramento were appre
ciated at home. When he announced,
soon after the election, his candidacy
for the Speakership members of the
Los Angeles delegation and others
pledged him their support. He was
considered as the one formidable com
petitor with which Wright would have
to contend, and it was not until to-day
that he decided to retire from the con
test and throw his strength to his op
ponent.
Mr. Valentine arrived In this city
yesterday from his home in Los Ange
les. When asked for his reasons for
withdrawing his candidacy for the
Speakership he said
"Many things have combined to in
duce me to surrender whatever claim
I may have to the honor of being
i Speaker of the Assembly. First of all
is my interest in the candidacy of K.
X. Bulla for United States Senator.
The Los Angeles delegation and many
other Southern California legislators
are pledged to Senator Buila, and
should my candidacy for the Speaker
ship provoke a contest between my
friends and the friends of any other
candidate for the position the result
might be prejudicial to Senator Bulla.
I do not mean to say that such would
be the result, but I am so much in
terested, with others of the Los Ange
les delegation, in securing his election
to the high position to which we believe
he is entitled that I hesitate to enter
into any contest, however friendly, that
by any possibility could work him an
injury.
•'Still another reason, and a very
strong one, for my withdrawal at this
time is that I have a lively apprecia
tion of the part, Alameda County has
taken in the campaign just closed.
Notwithstanding the fact that her can
didate for the gubernatorial nomina
tion was opposed by a citizen of Los
Angeles and that he withdrew In favor
of that gentleman, Alameda County
stood solid for Henry T. Gage on elec
tion day and rolled up a majority in his
favor that entitles her to the honor of
being the banner Republican County of
the State. Now that one of her favor
ite sons seeks the position of Speaker
of the lower house of the Legislature
it is no more than right that we of
Southern California stand together to
assist in securing for him this well
deserved honor.
"I also believe it important that the
business of the session should not be
delayed by any contest over the Speak
ership. The coming session of the Leg
islature will be one of the most import
ant in the history of the State, and it la
to the best interests of the whole peo
ple that legislation should not be im
peded or delayed by any contest for
personal honors. It is of course essen
tial that the Speaker of the Assembly
should be a man fitted in every way to
fulfill the very weighty duties attached
to the position. Having served through
one Session of the Legislature with Mr.
Wright I know that no better man
than he could be selected as the pre
siding officer of the Assembly. He has
the confidence and respect of all good
citizens, and I shall consider it an honor
and a privilege to cast my vote for him.
"These are some of the reasons that
have induced me to retire from the con
test, and in doing so I wish to return
thanks to the many friends in all parts
of the State who have expressed their
willingness to stand by me if I chose
to allow my name to be presented as
a candidate for the Speakership."
Now that Mr. Valentine has with
drawn from the field Mr. Wright's elec
tion is one of the few certainties of the
first week's session of the Legislature.
TARS SING COON SONGS.
San Francisco Yachtsmen Give a
Highly Successful Minstrel
Snow.
The San Francisco Yacht Club gave a
most successful entertainment at Native
Sons' Hall last nipht. The hall was filled
with a highly appreciative audience, who
encored almost every number on the pro
gramme After an opening chorus, intro
ducing several popular songs, the follow
ing numbers were rendered: "That Cross-
Eyed Hoodoo Coon," by Reginald Mason;
"Let Me Hear That Voice Again," by W.
M Ogilvie; "Georgia Camp-Meeting," by
Jack Cathcart; "Ine King's Champion'
by Frank Thompson; "She's a 'Spectable
Carried Cullud Lady." by Julian Thome;
a sextet for mandolins and guitars, by
Paul C. Jones, Frank Jones, Herbert
Jones, Frank Cokely, Sumner Hardy and
Frank Rudolph; "Once in a Purple Twi
light," by Herbert, Martin; "Take \our
Clothes and Go," by J. Putnam Jackson:
"Here's a Health to Thee." by Benjamin
I Tarbox; "Zizz-zee-zum-zum," by J. W.
Hynes; "Thou Hast a Heart. I Know,
by William J. O'Brien; "Ma Hoodoo
Honey " by Alexander Rosborough, and
coon singing specialties by the Waterman
sisters, assisted by Mr Bridgeman. A
laughing song by Jack Cathcart brought
the house down. Between the songs the
end men amused the audience with jests
! ai Afte t r° r the musical items the Hall was
I cleared and half a dozen dances were en-
I joyed. ======
GREAT APPETITE
FOR CHAMPAGNE
FRANK RICARDO SWINDLED A
NUMBER OF FIRMS.
Ordered th« Wine to Be Sent to Dif
ferent Clubs and Was Always
on Hand to Receive It,
Frand Ricardo Is a young man with an
insatiable appetite for a certain brand of
champagne, and It has sot him into se
rious trouble. He is now in "the tanks
at the City Prison and several charges of
petty larceny will be booked against him.
Last week complaints were received by
the police from grocers that orders had
been sent them for champagne for differ
ent clubs, but the wine was never ordered
by the clubs nor did it reach them. De
tective Harry Reynolds was detailed on
the else and he instructed the grocers
that when the, next order was received to ,
telephone the nearest police station for an
officer and the officer would follow the
boy delivering the wine and catch the |
On the' afternoon of November 17 Gold
berg Bowen & Co. received a message
from the Cosmos Club for a supply of
wine. They at once telephoned to the Cal
ifornia street station and Policemen Mul
len and Peshon responded. They went
with the delivery boy and found Ricardo
waiting at the club door to receive the
wine. They promptly placed him under
a Three times since November 14 pints and
quarts of champagne were ordered for
the Press Club and each time Ricardo
was there to take possession. Supplies
were also sent to the Concordla Club, The
grocers who have suffered most are Gold
berg. Bo wen & Co.. Lebenbaum & Co.. and
Lilienthal & Co. When searched a biU
was found in Ricardo's pockets from
Sherwood & Sherwood for wine supplied
to the Spreckels Cafe, also an order pur
porting to be signed by the steward of the
Pacinc Union Club. Mystic Shrlner gold
Ricardo wears a Mystic Shriner gold
button and a snake ring with two dia
monds, and the police think that they
have been stolen. They want the owners
to come forward.
A NEW MARKET OPENED.
Transformation Effected at the Cor
ner of Clay and Montgomery
Streets.
A remarkable transformation has been
accomplished on Moiftgomery street dur
ing the past week, and this narrow, busi
nesslike thoroughfare has suddenly be
come a resort for the thrifty housewife
who desires to have her table furnished
with all the delicacies of the season. The
large store at the corner of Clay and
Montgomery has been converted into a
splendid market, which will compare with
anything of the kind in the city.
A. Fodera, the well known game sales
man, has accomplished this improvement.
Finding the old Clay-street market too
cramped and unsanitary for his rapidly
increasing business, he decided to move
Into new and more suitable quarters. At
the same time he gave up his branch
store in the Vauxhall markets, conclud
ing that it was better to concentrate his
attention upon the present centrally sit
uated site. The market occupies the
whole corner of the block, but still, dur
ing the past week, it has proved none too
large to accommodate the crowds who
have come to view and purchase Mr. Fo
deras magnificent supply of game.
The task of fitting up the establish
ment has been accomplished in first class
style by J. T. Maby. The whole interior
has been stripped and redecorated. The
plate glass windows have been removed,
and in their place open wire work shut
ters substituted. Thus day and night
there is a constant current of air through
the market, and the perishable goods dis
played are kept in the most perfect condi
tion. The game and poultry stall, which
occupies the entire center of the floor,
covers a space of 20x60 feet. The counter
Is of horseshoe shape and covered with
spotless marble slabs. At the back 13
the office and a large ice room, capable of
holding a thousand birds. Everything is
spick and span, bright and clean and
new; the disagreeable odors common to
many markets are entirely absent. Noth
ing that can attract the purchaser has
been neglected. •
Round reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will be displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.
■ — »-•-. . ■■
ROTTANZFS PLANS.
' ■ . .': ... ': _ ■ •
He Will uo to Europe to Study-
Medicine.
Supervisor Rottanzi has made announce
ment of his intention to leave for Europe
next January, immediately after his term
of office as Supervisor expires. He will re
sign his position as surgeon in the volun
teer army and will also close out all his
business Interests, including his practice.
A few days ago the doctor disposed of his
drug store.
"Mv intention," he said, "is to resume
the study of medicine in Italy, under the
teaching of my father's old tutor. After
remaining in Italy for one year I will go
to Germany and there take up the special
ty of skin diseases. Later I propose to
study in Paris. It may be some years be
fore! return to the United States. My
Idea is to gather all the latent medical
knowledge. '
Against the Poolrooms.
The Merchants' Association having been
advised by the Chief of Poiice that cer
tain parties have again opened poolrooms
in this city, the officers of the association
have determined to renew their efforts
for the suppression of the evil. Accord
ingly requests have been sent to the
agents of the premises now occupied as
poolrooms to co-operate with the associa
tion by ejecting tenants who may be en
gaged' In this unlawful practice. Should
these requests remain unheeded, more
stringent measures will be taken by the
association In the matter.
ANCIEIvI ORDER FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger Boehm and Per
manent Secretary Falconer visited Court
San Joaquin at Stockton last Monday.
On Tuesday the high chief ranger visited
Court Magnolia at Napa: on Wednesday
In company of- High Court Secretary
Goldaracena , and Permanent Secretary
Falconer he ' visited Court Pride of San
Mft X O
The board of deputies and High Sub
Chief Ranger Henderson visited Court
Washington last week. ,
■ ♦ »
Ladle*' tailor-made suits. Fur cap«s. clocks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Butter at., r. ( •**,?•
THE EMPORIUM. | TH* JEMJPOKI^
1? ( i -A : .^";;,-,;; • HI
* The Doll Fairy Land and Major A. J. *
i Criqui, the Midget Corneiist, daily, from 8 *
{ a. tn. to 6p. m. Major Criqui is 38 inches -* %
* high, weighs 50 pounds, and is 22 years *
» of age. *
J%OR HOLIDAY I
yp\PRESFNTS \
* '^^^^ J Silk Covered Cushions.pretty *
* S.^^^^fe^^^^^^^ 1> plaids and imitation cigar rib- «
* H-^^^^^^^^^^^ bons > full silk ruffles, a special *
* value at d»i |
-* iWu{^r Satin Covered Cushions, top *
* <$ and back, double satin ruffle, <$
•> . » .-
* silk and gold thread machine embroidered top, only .*. . : <£2 25 3
* Satin Covered Cushion, top and back, both sides heavily embroi- j
J dered in Japanese gold thread, finished with a heavy gold cord. *
«v they come in white, pink, blue, Nile, gold, yellow, green, &a Kfl «
} etc • • • • qj^r.^JV %
;£ Cushions, covered with tapestry, embroidered with gold thread 4
* on top, heavy satin back, double satin ruffles, trimmed &a p?/\ <
J with white satin bow, extra value • v v47T«^-H/ *
* Satin Covered Cushion, top and back, it A e/\ g *
J double satin ruffles, hand painted, only. . ■•^-» v dßSstf *
* Satin Top and Back Cushions, double silk ruffles, %
* silk and gold thread machine embroidered, (tE f\f\ aM*%* +
S with double silk puff around edge «D J. W /^'fti *
* Beautiful Cushions, hand embroidered and hand / v^A./ 3
j£ made throughout, embroidered in conventional floral /> ?;^/y «
A. and cross stitch designs, either ruffle or cord finish, fyH^y 2
* at $2.35, $3.25, $3.50, $3.75, $4, $4.50, frf: {\(\ lip 7 %
i $5 and i _^\3.\3\3 \&/fiL^ «
* -^ A&*Z2>lk t
* tArt Embroidery S^S^-^S ~~~^^J^*Z& *
* Department— £V^^ W*^¥ 2
* Mam Floor, a 1
»■■ Under Ladies' Parlor. ed^~ : -^~'%s^ >^ 3
* Tike Emporium ***** Golden I
* #»c BLmpOPIUm Ru/e Bazaar. Ji
: ft. r4r 4
j x V.* A** Ay* AAA* *A A** A* «««* ##««*#♦ ♦*****A****«^
CAST HER DEAD
BABY INTO A
GARBAGE CART
Awful Discovery at
the Crematory.
AN UNKNOWN MOTHER'S DEED
SOUGHT TO KID HERSELF OF THE
BODY OF HER CHILD.
A Richly Garbed Infant Found in a
Pile of Refuse Just as It Was
About to Be Inciner
ated.
While attending to his duties at the
garbage crematory at the foot of Eighth
street last evening William Cronln, a la
borer who is employed at the works,
made a horrible discovery. In one of
the hoppers into which the refuse is
poured before being burned. Cronin found
the body of a one day old infant. It was
richly clothed in elaborately embroidered
flannels, and on the sleeves of the hand
some dress were pink ribbons.
Cronin lost no time in notifying the Su
perintendent of the works, who after a
cursory investigation reported the matter
to the police. Detective Tom Ryan was
hastily dispatched to the scene, and after
having the body of the infant removed
to the morgue he proceeded to make an
Investigation. The long clothing was
carefully folded over the babe's feet and
the tiny body wrapped in a handsome
quilted blanket . which was carefully
pinned up with safety pins.
From Cronin he learned that at least a
dozen scavengers had visited the works a
short time before the body of the infant
was discovered. After dumping their
loads in the several hoppers they drove
away from the works.
Cronin did not have the least suspicion
that anything was wrong until he found
the dead infant on the top of a pih? ot
garbage. He was about to lower the re
fuse matter in the furnace when he made
the startling discovery.
As the infant's clothing, was not soiled
by contact with the pefuse the supposi
tion is that the driver of the cart which
carried the remains to the crematory se
creted the body under his seat, and after
reaching the works threw it into the hop
per in the hope that all evidence of the
crime would be destroyed after it had
reached the furnace.
The police are working on this theory,
and they are inclined to beleve that the
scavenger was paid well to get rid of the
dead infant.
An examination of the body did not re
veal any marks of violence. Coroner
Hawkins is Inclined to believe that the
Infant died a few hours after it was born
and the mother, anxious to hide her sin,
employed the scavenger to do away with
It. To-day a strong effort will be made
to find the scavenger who conveyed the
body to the crematory.
The police hope that by arresting him
he will reveal the name of the woman
who employed him to get rid of the body.
STANDING IN LINK.
i A Mercantile Attraction That Be-
I minded One of a Patti Season.
The weather clerk Wasn't been very
good to merchants, especially to those
with large stocks of winter goods on
hand, and the big clothing firm of Ra
phael's, in their advertisement Sunday,
took occasion to find particular fault
j with him, and began by forcing issues
and naming such ridiculously low
prices on overcoats they fairly took
one's breath away, and long before the
hour of opening there were crowds
standing in iine, which brought back
happy reminiscences of the days when
! people stood in line waiting for an op
i portunity to gp?t seats for the opera
| season of the divine diva Pattl.
This house of Raphael's has a happy
faculty of drawing large crowds, and
at most any time In front of it pedes
trianlsm iB indulged in with difficulty.
No doubt there are a great many men
to-day that got rid of that chilly feel
i ing by getting one of Raphael's good
overcoats at forcing-out prices. Of
course nobody despises the saving of
money, and this firm enjoys an en
viable reputation for high-class goods
at popular prices the coast over.
RUMOR SAYS
BRIBERS ARE
HARD AT WORK
Sensationalists Enjoy
the Nevills Case.
ARE LOOKING FOR AN EXPOSE
FOUR ELDERLY MEN UNDER
WATCHFUL EYES.
Their Unusual Interest in the Pro
ceedings, and Nothing More,
Has Directed Suspicion
Toward Them.
Matters progressed quietly yesterday in
I the trial of Elsie Williams, Grace Loose
| and Myron Azhderian, charged with ex
' tortlon. Vague rumors were current that
; gold was being freely circulated, either
j by the defense or prosecution, it mattered
: not which to the sensationalists, and an
j expose was likely to occur at any mo
; ment.
Four old men, all respectable in ap
'■ pearance, and bearing no outward or vls
i ible signs of dishonesty, were under the
j eye of the officers of the court all day.
These men (who they are no one appar
| ently knows) have drawn the shafts of
! suspicion toward them by reason of the
fact that they are Interested in the trial.
j That is all. Since the courtroom opened
i on the first morning of the proceedings
! these men have sat and, with hands to
ears., have digested every word of argu
: ment, testimony and ruling. This is why
j suspicion is directed toward them. They
| watch every movement of Judge, counsel
; and prisoners, keep their spectacled eyes
I on the jury when it leaves the room,
and, in fact, take unusual interest in all
i the official movements. This is the rea
son suspicion is directed against them,
and it Is the only reason.
Mrs. Elsie Williams was again subject
ed to a rigid cross-examination yesterday.
About the only fact that developed was
j that Mrs. Williams did not live with Nev
' ills for gain alone. She loved NevUls, she
i said, for many months, but when he be
1 gan to "abuse her, deceive her and lie
i to her, her love vanished and she hated
! him." Mrs. Williams adhered to her
! story given on direct examination in all
j material points. She" was a good witness
In her own behalf.
When Mrs. Williams left the stand her
I sister, Grace Loose, was railed. Mrs.
Loose had just begun to tell her story
when the hour for adjournment arrived
I and the case was continued until this
j morning.
ADVFRTISEMENTS.
Dressing for Thanksgiving Day
a man Is a little fastidious about his
appearance, and wants the nicest-look-
ing shirt he can find in his dresser. It
Is sure to be there on time if we
launder It, and with a beautiful color
and careful and perfect finish. Cuffs,
collars and shirts done up here cannot
be competed with in color and finish.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephona
South 420.
56
TUESDAY . ..NOVEMBER 22, 189S
JOHN d. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Corotmmication* to W. S. LE* MgMgL
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Mala 1874.
*HE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (D/ULY AND SUNDAY) M
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a we«k- By mall $4> per year; per month '.
6£ cent*. ; ■
THE WEEKLY CALL Ore War. by molt. $150 |
OAKLAND OFFICE 11;:;:;:;;;;: - *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IS3. World Bu!ldla«
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (». C.) OFFICE RIC«« Hoc :
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mar«qiiette Bulldln*
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Lorkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1041 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-»«ce>i»d •*»•
Kentucky street*, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
raJ'.fornta— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island.
Baldwin— "Secret Service."
Alcazar— "Imagination."
Tivoli— Zuzette.
Moroseo's— "In Sight of St. Paul's."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
"he Chutes— Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olytnpln — Corner Mason and Kd..y Streets, Specialties.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo, performance Thanksgiving Day.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Piano Recital.
Sutro'e Baths— Swimming.
Ingleslde Track— Races To-Gay.
nosenthal —Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Bntterfleld— This day, November 22, at 11
o'clock, at Mission and Twenty-third streets.
By Win G. Wednesday evening, November .3,
Thoroughbred Horses, at 721 Howard street.
THE MINERS' ASSOCIATION.
BY the vigor with which the contest has been
waged for the presidency of the California
Miners' Association evidence is given that the
convention i? to be something more than a per
functory meeting and that the importance of the
work of the association i? recognized by its members.
This evidence is gratifying. The association is one
of those industrial organizations from which the State
has a right to expect match. Despite the vast amount
of treasures that have been taken from her mines,
California is still a land whose mineral resources are
comparatively undeveloped. To hasten that develop
ment there is needed the co-operation of all who are
engaged in mining, and it is through the State Asso
ciation the co-operation can be best effected.
There are certainly strong reasons why the proceed- j
ing- of the convention should be marked by a spirit
of earnestness and 7eal. The time is propitious for a
gener.il revrval of mining in all parts of the State. I
The drought of the past year seriously interfered with
placer mining, and even quartz mining in some places
suffered from a lack of water. With the coming of |
the rainy season prospects brighten for both classes j
o ; miners, and accordingly mining enterprises are !
more favorably regarded by investors.
Moreover, in addition to the work which the asso
ciation has on hand in the direction of obtaining legis- j
ktion favorable to the mining industry from the
Government and the enactment of a satisfactory min
eral lands bill, there will be that required to prepare j
for a suitable exhibition of our mining industries and
resources at the Paris Exposition. That work cannot j
be longer delayed without entailing loss, for it will
not be possible to arrange a really comprehensive
exhibit if the task is put off to the last moment and
then undertaken in a flurry and carried on in haste.
It is to be hoped something may be accomplished
at the convention which will bring into the association
a fuller representation of the mining interests of the
south. That section of the State is rich in minerals,
and is even less developed than other sections. The
men who are interested in southern mines have there
fore strong reasons for co-operating with the State
Association in working for all measures that tend to
the benefit of the industry.
At this time the world is searching for gold more
vigorously than ever. Improved methods of treating
ores render it possible to work with profit mines that
a few years ago would have been worthless. Cali
fornia ought to reap a large profit from the new
impulse toward gold mining and the new processes of
working. She will do so if the value of her mines
is fully made known to the world and the Government
enacts legislation favorable to the industry. It is for
the Miners' Association to see to it that these things
are done.
Not long ago there was printed an article concern
ing the microbes roosting upon every coin, only
awaiting the chance to introduce themselves into the
human system. It was a well-written article, logical,
convincing. Vet such is the obstinacy of human j
nature that people have kept right on collecting
money, utterly regardless of the necessarily fatal ef
fect so clearly demonstrated. So long as they fail to
realize that the microbes are there perhaps they will !
escape harm. Coins have been in use for several
years now. and nobody has been known to die of
them.
Actions are governed by every variety of human
impulse. Here is a soldier, absenting himself from
camp so as to get married, knowing that he will be
sent to prison for it, and can only see the bride ]
through the bars. Others have enlisted because of i
having been married, and still others sailed with light
hearts to Manila, happy that the transport swung j
away from the dock before the arrival there of a
yearning lady with a Sheriff, a warrant and a license.
A gentleman who had an iron bar fall three stories
and alight upon his head declares that the experience
benefited his health. However, those who wish to
profit by a similar operation are counseled to begin
by letting the bar fall only two stories.
Spain is said to be ready for war. which is a sur
prising circumstance, as Spain did not seem to be par
ticularly ready when the emergency arose not so very
long ago.
A man who bet on the wrong horse has gone crazy.
If every man to have the same experience were to do
likewise this would be a community of lunatics.
There is a suspicion that some of the jurymen who
have been doing duty of late ought to be in court
again, but in another capacity.
Perhaps there is some prejudice against Becker and
Creegan, enough at least to knock out the presump
tion of innocence.
BLfHNE'S VIEWS OF CONQUEST.
ONE hears frequent references to Blame as au
thority for the proposition to hold tropical
possessions by right of conquest. The spirit
of what has come to be known as "Blame's Ameri
canism" is often referred to in order to bind the
countrymen oi that statesman to a policy which it is
attempted to force upon the administration by what
is made to appear as the preference of public opinion.
As a matter of fact, this proposed policy is in antag
j onism to the international policy for which Blame
i labored. His views first took shape in the call he
j issued as Secretary of State November 29, 1881, for
I a pan-American Peace Congress. In that call he
I said: "The sole aim of this peace congress shall be
j to seek a way of permanently averting the horrors of
! cruel and bloody combat between countries, oftenest
I of one blood and speech, or the even worse calamity
! of internal commotion and civil strife; that it shall
• regard the far-reaching consequences of such strug
i gles — exhausted finances, oppressive debt, onerous
taxation, ruined cities, paralyzed industries, devastated
fields, ruthless conscription, the slaughter of men,
the grief of widow and orphan, with a legacy of em
bittered resentments that long survive those who
provoked them and heavily afflict the innocent gen
i erations that may come after." When Blame left the
, Arthur Cabinet, his successor, Frelinghuysen, with
! drew the invitation to this peace congress, whereupon
j Blame, then a private citizen, addressed a letter to
President Arthur, protesting against the withdrawal,
and in his statement of the foreign policy of the Gar
field administration, which was his policy, said:
"Peace is essential to commerce, is the very life of
honest trade, is the solid basis of international pros
perity."
These pacific views of Blame were projected into
the Pan-American Congress which was promoted by
him as Secretary of State in President Harrison's
I Cabinet. Therein they took the formal shape of a
proposition on the part of the United States and all
of the countries represented to relinquish and aban
don the right of conquest.
It will be seen at once that this was Blame's real
Americanism. Devoted to the purpose and traditions
! of this Government and an earnest believer in our
very foundation statement that "governments derive
their just rights from the consent of the governed,"
i he could have nothing but aversion for replacing that
'■ by asserting the right of conquest as superior to the
1 consent of the governed.
It is plain that he believed that this could not be
come a conquesting nation without abandoning the
very principle of its' existence. The fact that a con
quered people might be incapable of expressing their
assent or dissent, that they might be so unlearned in
our methods and processes of government and so
dazed by the assertion of our authority among them
as to stand silent does not alter the situation at all.
In Elaine's view, the effect to be avoided was that
upon ourselves rather than upon a weak, ignorant
and alien people over whom we might assert the
right of conquest.
Nor is it a question of holding such a people by
force while we educate them up to the plane of con
sent. The condition in which consent may be indi
cated must precede our exercise of any permanent
authority over them at all.
France took the Palatinate by conquest and the
people by infusiop and contact after many genera
tions came to be French in feeling, and when they
were reconquested by Germany resented that as their
ancestors had resented the conquest by France. But
this Government cannot go into that kind of business.
There is no provision under our system for reducing
a people by conquest and incorporating them into
our system by force of arms.
In view of his record on that subject, if Blame
were alive he would be found opposing true Ameri
canism to the medieval doctrine of right of conquest.
His reason for putting forward in the Pan-American
Congress the denial and abjuration of the right of
conquest was not far to seek.
The Central and South American nations had upon
them the European spirit of conquest. Chile had
despoiled Peru of her provinces and people. The
j Central American nations were prone to convert
boundary disputes into wars of conquest. The right
of conquest has been in all ages the cause of war and
the afflicting train of miseries which follows it.
| Blame desired to put away this greedy and evil spirit
and to banish it from the Western Hemisphere for
ever.
It will not do to say that he would have reserved to
the United States the power to enter upon the con
quest of territory' belonging to any European power,
for that would have been not only a violation of the
principle he promoted but such a breach of faith as
! to forever lose to us the confidence of the Americas
i and of all nations.
WHEN PROMOTERS DISAGREE.
OF the Nicaragua canal enterprise it may be said
the President desires it, Congress favors it,
the people wish it, the nation needs it; and
yet it is doubtful if it will be even so much as under
taken for many a year to come. Certainly the out
look at present promises nothing more than discus
sion and debate ending as they began, with disagree
ment on the part of the debaters.
The difficulty in the way of the accomplishment of
the enterprise is that there are too many promoters,
and they have too many plans for promotion. There
is a strong faction which believes it would be better
tc buy out the Panama Company and complete that
canal rather than undertake one across Nicaragua
on any conditions. Among those who agree on the
Nicaragua route there are some who would have the
Government construct as well as control the canal,
and others who prefer that the Government should
back the Maritime Canal Company and have that cor
poration perform the work. Finally, among those
who agree that the Government should undertake the
enterprise there are some who would vote against it
unless it can be shown that the construction will not
entail a cost much in excess of $100,000,000.
All these differences of opinion might be settled
were it not for the fact that there is a strong and
powerful body of men who do not wish them settled.
Every shifting of the channels of trade, no matter
how much it benefits the community generally, in
jures somebody. There are interests that will suffer
by the opening of a shorter water route between our
Atlantic and our Pacific coast.
The men who control these interests are neither
blind nor weak. They perceive the situation clearly,
and they have organized for a tight. If they can keep
the friends of the measure divided they will do it.
They have sense enough to know that the best way
to defeat an enterprise favored by the people is to
suggest two or three different ways of doing it and
then stand aside while the argument goes on and
the factions get heated.
From the extent to which the Panama canal scheme
has been exploited in the United States ever since the
war made clear to our people the immense importance
o? a short route between the two oceans it is evident
that the policy of the opponents of the canal is to be
that of dividing public sentiment on the issue. If,
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TTTESDAT, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
therefore, the advocates of the canal are to fight on
I equal terms, they will have to adopt some bill and
appeal to the people upon it. Vague resolutions urg
! ing Congress to pass a canal bill will do no good now.
I Hereafter memorials to Congress on this subject to
I be of any value must request the enactment of some
1 definite bill. Where there are too many promoters
! an enterprise is never promoted.
THE PUBLIC POUND.
OXE of the first acts of the Republican Board of
Supervisors, which will take office on January
I, should be to dismiss the Poundkeeper ap
pointed by the present board and restore the control
of the Pound to the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals. Once before the institution
under Democratic rule became a disgrace to the city,
and a Republican Board of Supervisors gave it to the
Society. The present condition of affairs is due to the
desire of Democratic Supervisors to make places for
politicians.
Under the jurisdiction of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals the Pound for several
years was conducted with humane regard for the
rights of dogs, goats, horses, cows and their owners.
Not a single scandal put in an appearance throughout
its regime. The moment, however, the Pound was
taken away from it and placed in the hands of a poli
tician it became a source of complaint and annoyance
all around. During the past year Pound outrages,
Police Court prosecutions and street affrays resulting
from the attempts of hoodlum deputies to capture
cstray dogs have been an almost every-day occur
rence.
Under the present law it will ever be difficult to take
the Pound out of politics, since the Supervisors may
at any time reverse any policy that may have been
adopted. The resolutions of one board are not bind
ing upon another, and, as we have already seen, Re
publican boards take the Pound away from the poli
ticians and Democratic boards give it back to them.
The latter usually resist to some extent, but as the
genius of Democracy in San Francisco is office-hold
ing and creating offices for the members of the "or
ganization." they finally succumb to the blandish
ments of the "push."
What should be done with the Pound is to abolish
the system of fees under which it is conducted. The
i new Board of Supervisors ought to pass an ordin-
a nce establishing the institution on a firm and en
1 during basis. This would have to go before the
Mayor, and a change of system could take place only
by the enactment of a repealing ordinance and the
; consent of the Mayor. Ordinarily, the Pound is sub
, verted by a combination of machine politicians who
possess few or no political resources, and if a barrier
of this kind were established the difficulty of over
: turning it would probably be for them insurmount
\ able.
At all events, the Pound should be taken out of
politics by the new Supervisors. There is not much
spirit in the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals; had there been, the present Supervisors
would have hesitated before they inaugurated the pre
vailing Pound regime. But action by that organiza
tion need not be awaited. The new Supervisors owe
something to the women and children of the city, who
are always the victims of hoodlum Poundkeepers.
JESSIE A. SCHLEY asserts with a pleasing
confidence that she brought Spain to terms.
She tells how she presented the case over there
with a diplomacy more acute than a, mere statesman
could command, and how, before her unanswerable
argument, the monarchy trembled with apprehen
, sion and then took a tumble to itself. Had the
prowess of this young woman been understood in
! advance, her persuasive manner appreciated and the
i magnetism of her presence a matter of record, there
would have been none of the turmoil of war, and the
captains, instead of shouting, could have stayed at
home and talked in moderate tones through their
fatigue hats. Now that Miss Schley has told her
story opinions will have to be revised, and the
erroneous belief that the affair was brought to a
speedy close by Richard Harding Davis cast aside.
< This will be a blow to Richard, but in deference to
the lady he must take it.
We grab this opportunity to place upon certain
stories concerning Miss Schley the brand of disap
proval. It has been said that in going to Spain she
! was guilty of an impertinence, that she constituted
a pitiful display of assumption, and that in propelling
her across the border and in the direction of home
1 Spain performed the most fitting act of its entire
campaign. We felt sorry for. the woman, ashamed
of her and wondered why her family did not lock her
in the cellar and let her do her conversing into a
■ phonograph — later, of course, destroying the phono-
graph.
Such apology as is due Miss Schley is hereby ten
dered. She is no silly guy, chattering with the intel
ligence of a parrot. No, sir. She is great. She says
so herself and she ought to know. Now let her go
and hypnotize Aguinaldo.
There is something sweet in the sympathy France
is offering to Spain over what it is pleased to term
"American rapacity." France regrets that Spain is j
, likely to lose the possessions held and abused by it |
| for so many years, but never seems to think that
Spain has been in any measure to blame. As a matter
of fact, there is some question as to the wisdom of |
taking the Philippines, but it does not spring from j
, the circumstance that anybody in this country is
sorry for Spain. That country not only invited the
I fate which has come upon it but kept repeating the
invitation until there was no decent possibility of
longer refusal to accept. Now its kicking is more
spectacular than useful.
An Ohio court has accorded damages to a brake
man who had sued a company for having blacklisted
him. To "blacklist" a man is to so discredit him that
he cannot obtain employment. That no corporation
nor individual has a right to do this is plain enough,
! and as the matter reached the stage of being passed j
• upon judicially, no other decision could have been j
expected.
Few of the lowa soldiers before they sailed for
Manila had ever seen a larger body of water than ;
could be encompassed by a cowtrack on a rainy day.
No wonder some of them got sick.
Senator Allen of Nebraska has fallen out with
I Bryan; but as the voters of the country seem to have
i clone the same thing the Senator does not feel lone
some.
Perhaps there will be a grain of satisfaction for
Shafter in the fact that the dirty papers of England |
are throwing mud at Kitchener.
-•
There is considerable interest in the heavy-weight j
prize-fight, but a grave fear that neither principal will j
kill the other.
i Possibly the numerous peace jubilees arc a trifle I
, premature I
APPORTIONING THE GLORY.
GRANT SELECTED BY A SYNDICATE.
We are informed by the Examiner that there is a "tremendous row In
the Republican household over the Senatorial candidacy of Ulysses S. Grant
Jr." If there is any row in California over the candidacy of Mr. Ulysses S.
Grant Jr., the row is not in the Republican party. Mr. Grant must be
having the r >w all by himself.
There is in this country no law of primogeniture an t no law of entail.
A man may transmit to his son his goods and gear, his lands, titles and
hereditaments: he may transmit to him a sound mind in a sound body; he
may transmit to him his name; but he cannot transmit to him his fame.
Even in England, where landed estates may be entailed, fame cannot be.
Titles and foily can— many a belted earl is the tenth transmitter of a foolish
face. But fame cannot be. In Great Britain some of the bearers of great
and noble names are to-day the most ignoble. .In this country even landed
estates cannot be entailed, and fame least of all. Who wants fame must
win it for himself. After we have held our new possessions— Porto Rico,
Cuba and the Philippines— as military colonies for some generations, our
•governors-general may ha*e so far changed our republican form of govern
ment as to transmit their military and nobiliary titles to their sons. But
until that time comet the sons of generals in thes,- United States are as
the sons of other men.
Mr. Ulysses S. Grant Jr. came to California— with a carpet-bag— and
settled in San Diego because k has a genial climate. He is welcome. We
hope that he will remain in this favored State, where every prospect pleases
and only drought is vile. But he must not expect that we shall at once
make him a Senator because his father was a President. We in California
are accustomed to give the highest gifts in our commonwealth to those who
have borne the heat and burden of the day, and not to those who come into
the vineyard at the eleventh hour — with a carpet-bag. We do not doubt
that Mr. Ulysses S. Grant Jr. may possess many qualities of mind and heart
which would fit him to adorn the United States Senate. But there are
many worthy gentlemen in California possessing equally admirable quali
ties who have been here longer than Mr. Ulysses S. Grant Jr., and who
did not come here the day before yesterday— with a carpet-bag. We beg to
assure this ton of a distinguished father that their claims will receive con
sideration before his.
We are informed that Senator Elkins of West Virginia and National
Committeerm.n Ilerens of St. Louis "represent a syndicate which has de
cided to make .[r. Grant Senator from California." This is really Very good
of them. The East aoes a great deal for California. Eastern r ndicates
and trusts regulate our railroad rates, fix the price of our petroleum and
settle the cost of our breakfast-table sugar. Doubtless there are other
things which syndicates arrange for us. But we have not yet quite reached
the plane where we will allow Eastern syndicates to select our Senators in
California.
Mr. Ulysses S. Grant Jr. is the son of a great general, but it does not
need the son of a seventh son or the son of a prophet *o tell him that he has
no more chance of becoming United States Senator from California than
he has of becoming Mikado of Japan. — The Argonaut.
A NEW FACTOR IN REPUBLICANISM.
Since the election, which rolled up a larger Republican majority than
ever before in this State, many theories have been advanced to account for
the result. The Republican majority in the next House is put at 13. This
State by taking out three Democrat-Populists and replacing them with
three Republicans makes a change of six, and so is responsible for nearly
one-half the party majority in the next House. To have done this is no
small achievement and carries with it no slight distinction. It is accounted
for by fusionists by saying that it was a Avar year, and the war helped the
Republicans, therefore the result is transitory. It is strange that such su
perficial ideas take root and survive. It is highly probable that the war
did the Republicans more harm than good. The elections came after the
fighting was over, and the enthusiasm had evaportated and the people had
reached the stage of criticism and complaint about the war, the hospital
service, the rations furnished the sick, the camp sites and other matters
that had no tendency to increase the popularity of the administration.
History shows that war is not such a good thing for the party in
power when it occurs. The Democracy sustained a disastrous defeat im
mediately after the Mexican War and the Republicans lost the elections of
1862 in the midst of the Civil War. As far as California is concerned, the
partisan gains from the war were decidedly Democratic. A Democratic
Governor had the appointment of volunteer officers, and a Democratic ad
jutant general had the control and disposition of the regiments.
It is evident, therefore, that there were other influences than the war to
account for the result here. In our judgment the new factor was The San
Francisco Call. It made a clean campaign from the start, and when its
course is studied it is seen that it forced the fighting and attacked cease
lessly to the last day of the fight. Not a syllable of defense appeared in its
columns. With a rare conception of political strategy it forced Judge Ma
guire's views on land confiscation to the front and made them issues in
spite of his daily declaration that they were not. By this persistent attack
The Call, leading the fight, actually drove out of the public mind all other
issues except those which it made, and upon them the tickets went to judg
ment and the Republicans won.
Heretofore the Examiner, with its matchless effrontery, has had pretty
much its own way in campaigns, and if met at all by the Republican press
of San Francisco the opposition has been timid. But The Call adroitly drew
the Examiner into a defense of itself right In the midst of the fight, and
The Call had such perfect proof of Its case, the charge of blackmail of the
railroad, that the time taken from the party campaign by the Examiner
in defending itself was time lost, for its defense was inadequate.
The Call In fine has set a new pace for its party in this State and has
become a most valuable factor in political and all other affairs. Hereafter
it must be reckoned with in all things that effect the State.— Contra Costa
Gazette.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. H. Barnes of Ventura is in town.
W. S. Green, proprietor of the Colusa
Sun, is at the Grand.
F. C. Lusk, a prominent attorney of
Chico, is at the Palace.
A. McDonald, a prominent Sonora min
ing man. Is at the Lick.
S. H. Davis, a well-known Sacramento
attorney, is at the Grand.
W. W. Dimonel, a prominent Honolulu
merchant, is at the Occidental.
James A. Wilder, a prominent Honolulu
merchant, is at the California.
"Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Obispo
County is a guest at the Grand.
George W. Rohr, V. S. A., is back from
Manila and registered at the Occidental.
The wife and daughter of T'nited States
Senator S. M. White are registered at the
Palace.
William Gillette, the actor, and the
leading members of his company are at
the Palace.
Colonel R. P. Babbitt. U. S. A., accom
panied by his wife, is down from Benicia
and registered at the Occidental.
<8> Tho late argu
<s> ment between I'n
<S> clo Sam and Spain
<§> served to bring
<§> out the genuine
» article of heroism
in the theatrical
profusion. When
the bright Van-
4><3><S><£<S><B><e><3><3><s
<S> ' AN *
J ACTOR'S
♦ PATRIOTISM.
4
kee bayonets began to glisten throughout
the land the eloquent plea of the son of
Thespis was beard asking to exchange his
carefully creased trousers for the homely
leggings which distinguish the followers
of Old" Glory. That the footlight pet was
in earnest is evidenced by the muster rolls
of many Eastern regiments, and by that
direful "daily bulletin which flashed from
Santiago during those terrible weeks and
signed "Shafter."
Among the first of the brief but heart
breaking messages to pass the censor was
this: "Wounded at San Juan Hill— Mason
Mitchell, actor." "Dangerously ill at Si
boney Hospital, yellow fever— Burr Mc-
Intosh, actor."
The unique methods adopted to display
their patriotism by the actors who did not
take the field are varied and interesting,
but for genuine originality is Is probable
that first prize should be awarded John
M. Campbell, the young comedian who is
laugh producer in chief with the lively
musical farce, "At Gay Coney Island,"
now at the Columbia Theater. Campbell
is noted for his strong penchant for jew
elry, his fashionably attired person al
ways tastefully adorned with a varied as
sortment of precious stones.
Imagine then the sensation created yes
terday by the irrepressible Campbell par
ading up Market street vestless, and dis
playing in the top aperture of his immac
ulate shirt bosom a red ruby, in the next
a brilliant white diamond and completing
the patriotic picture was a sapphire as
blue as the blue Danube in the third but
ton hole.
J. M. Davis, a Virginia City merchant,
is in tov.'n for a few days.
1,. J. Maddux, a well-known Modesto
attorney, is at the Grand.
Charles Erickson, a prominent Martinez
contractor, is at the Grand.
G. T. Ames, the handwriting expert, oi
New York, is registered at the Palace.
He is here in connection with the Fair-
Craven and Botkin trials.
Hubert Howe Bancroft, the historian,
has returned to this city after four years'
absence in Cambridge, Mass. He will
i probably remain here during the winter.
The following well-known mining men
l*re registered at the Lick: Henry Lane,
William McKlnley, K. C. "Walrath, E.
McKinley and C. H. Mallen, all of Ne
vada City, and George C. Rolding of
Fresno.
» ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— Congressman
! John A. Barham of Santa Rosa is at the
Ebbltt House. C. F. Wyman of San Jose
jis at Willard's. W. B. Treadwell of San
; Francisco is at the Arlington. James A.
Hunt of San Francisco is at the St.
! James.
« » «
CALIFORNIANS IN NE**. r YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— Albert Joseph
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman.
Mrs. Curran Clark of San Francisco is at
the Manhattan. Mrs. Margaret Hoobs of
Los Angeles is at the Savoy. C. A.
Hitchcock of San Francisco, S. C. Arnold
of Pasadena, Charles B. Page of Sacra
i mento and George B. Adee of Oakland are
■ at the Cosmopolitan.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT OF GREAT VALUE— C. C, San
Jose, Cal. A nickel 5-cent piece with the
motto "E Pluribus Unum" under the
figure V is not a coin of great value.
Such can be had from the dealers for 15
cents.
RELIGION IN GERMANY— Steuart
street. City. The statistics of religion in
Germany, according to the latest census :
(1890), were: Protestants, 31,026,810; Roman !
Catholics, 17,674,921; Christian sectarians,
145,540; Jews, 567,884.
THE SHARKEY-JEFFRIES FIGHT—
A. S., Berryessa, Santa Clara County,
Cal. In the fight between Sharkey and
Jeffries, San Francisco, May 6, 1898, Jef
fries got the decision, after twenty
rounds, but he failed to stop the sailor.
JOE WOLCOTT— J. J. C. City. Joe
Wolcott knocked out George Green in
eighteen rounds in San Francisco August
26, 1897. Kid Laylgne knocked out Wol
cott in fifteen rounds at Mespeth, L. I.,
December 2, 1S95, and in twelve rounds in
San Francisco October 29, 1897.
A VOLUNTEER NURSE— F., Sacra
mento. Cal. A woman desiring to act as
a volunteer nurse at the military hospitals
should address a communication to the
Red Cross Society. Such a communica- i
tion may be addressed to Miss Clara Bar- !
ton, Washington. D. C, or to the Red \
Cross Society, San Francisco.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS— C. R., City. Elec
tric light apparatus of various kinds was
devised as early as 1802 by Sir Humphry i
Davy and improved on by later experi- I
ments. The first use of electricity for
public illumination was in 1858, in London,
England, when Watson's electric lights
were used on Westminster Bridge.
DEWEY— C. O.. City. Rear Admiral
Dewey was born in Montpelier, Vt., De
cember 26. 1837. His father was Julius
Yeamans Dewey, M. D., who was born In
Berlin, Vt., in 1801. In 1822 he settled in
Montpelier and there married Miss Mary
Perrin. a native of that State. The rear
admiral has never been known by the
name of De Wyre._
A SOLDIER AT MANILA— R. H. C,
City. If you wish to ascertain if a soldier
of a company of the Thirteenth Minnesota
(now at me Philippine Islands) was killed i
or wounded at the battle, of Manila, write [
a letter of inquiry to the Secretary of
War, Washington, D. C, givin<* full name,
letter of company, when last heard of and
where, and the department will furnish
the information.
FOR A WEDDING— J. T. B., City. Full
dress for a morning wedding is a frock
coat and preferably light-colored trou
sers. For an evening wedding a swal
low-tailed coat and three-button waist- i
coat; black trousers. For a simple, inex
pensive wedding that is not to De a full
; dress affair any sort of clothes that are
neat and respectable will do. Money. that I
might be spent at such a wedding just to !
be in style is better expended for house- |
hold and kitchen furniture with which to I
set up housekeeping than for a stylish
| dress suit. j J
AMERICANS
PROTECTED IN
GUATEMALA
Good Work of the Con
sular Service.
STANDS BY OUR CITIZENS
CONDITIONS BETTER THAN UN
DER DEMOCRACY.
A. P. French Tells of His Experience
in Attempting to Leave That
Benighted Free Silver
Country.
The American consular service unflef
the present administration in Guatemala
is affording protection to American citi
zens in that country in a highly satisfac
tory manner and this fact Is all the more
praiseworthy because of the lukewarm
interest taken in that regard by the con
sular officials during the last Democratic
I rule. There has been a marked improve
ment and the men appointed by President
McKinley are winning words of commend
ation from many Americans who require
their help. The service Includes Godfrey
W. Hunter of Kentucky. Consul General
M. C. Beaupre of Illinois and Consular
Agent G. Laurentz.
A. P. French, who was a captain or tn©
Fifth Minnesota Infantry in the War of
Rebellion, arrived here from Guatemala
on the City of Sydney and related an In
teresting story of his experience.
"Had it not been for the efforts made in
my behalf by the consular service there,
said he, "I would have had my silver tak
en away from me and most likely been in
carcerated in one of the vile prisons in
San Jose de Guatemala. As it was I was
put to considerable trouble. I was located
! in Guatemala and desiring to leave there
■ I gathered some *30<> in Peruvian silver
I money and several hundred in American
dollars, which latter I had exchanged for
Mexican coin at the rate of three to one.
No one is allowed to leave Guatemala
! without an order from the Supreme Oov-
I ernment, as it is called, and Minister
Hunter told me he would get it for me.
! He then gave me a letter of introduction
| to the comandante at San Jose explain
! ing the circumstances. When I reached
i there I presented the letter to the com
i andante, who said he had received no
dispatch from the Supreme Government,
but would wire for instructions. Ho
1 thought that everything would be all
■ right and I left him.
"That afternoon at 2 o'clock I was
i placed under arrest and taken to the
i chief clerk of the comandante, who took
i my silver away from me, counted it,
i placed it in his safe, and walked away. I
I sent word to Consular Agent L.aurentz,
who immediately came up and after some
forcible expostulation with the comand
ante I was allowed to go to n>y steamer
and my money was returned to me. I at
tribute the action? of the Guatemala offi
cials to the fact that the war has engen
dered a spirit of animosity against Ameri
cans, and that they hate to ace any silver
leave the country. Had I given them a
fee I probably would not have been both
ered. But as long as the present Repub
lican consular officials are in power Amer
icans will be afforded the best kind of pro
tection."
THE SENTINELS.
The Sentinels of the Universe gave their
first anniversary entertainment and dnnce
under the auspices of the Supreme Coun
cil In the Odd Fellows" Building- last Wed
nesday night. There was a Rood attend
ance of ladies and their escorts, and for
their pleasure there was offered a pleas
ing programme in which Ulas Phillips,
Mr*. H. j. Keegan, F. J. Hess, R. Flan
nagan, Judith Reusch, Sadie Brown, Pro
fessor J. Miller. Daniel E. Hanlon and
Miss Florence Donovan took part. Past
Supreme Sentinel Henry C. Gesford and
Supreme Sentinel John Lawrence Geary
Jr. delivered addresses explaining- the new
order. Then followed dancing until mid
night. The affair was conducted under
the direction of the entertainment com
mittee composed of H. C. Gesford, J. L.
Geary Jr.. F. J. Clausen, W. W. Bracketi
and Dr. C. E. Parent.
■ ♦ «
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
At a recent meeting of Aurora Lodge
Z. T. Whitten was apprised of the fact
that he had reached /the fiftieth anniver
sary of his birth when Grand Protector
Mrs. Wheelock, on behalf of Mrs. Whit
ten, presented him with a beautiful gold
emblem of the order. There was an ap%
propriate response and after that was
over there were congratulations and a
collation.
During her visit East the grand pro
tector was afforded an opportunity of ex
amining the books and the methods of
keeping the accounts of the order. She
speaks in high terms of the methods and
was gratified to find the financial condi
tion of affairs a most satisfactory one.
■ m ■
COMPANIONS O.F THE FOREST.
During the past week Golden Circle In
itiated one candidate and received one
application. Eureka Circle initiated five.
Last week California Circle had a very
pleasant at home after the business of
the evening was over.
Sherwood Circle during the past quarter
initiated six candidates, arid at its meeting
last Monday night had six applications
awaiting the report of investigating com
mittees. The circle will elect its officers
at the first meeting in December. a On , the
first Thursday in that month the circle
will give a party. __
Townsend's plum pudding, best in the
world full of California glace fruits. 3
lbs $1. 627 Market st., Palace building. •
■ * '
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
"Cyrano should have married."
'•lt' h mlght have improved his nose to
have it held down on the matrimonial
grindstone." .
nr Stegert's Angostura Bitters, the renowned
appetizer is used over the whole civilized
worid: i t 'i imported from South America.
"That monument to Hahnemann has
never been finished."
"No; the contributions were too homeo
pathic."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RoYal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
1 ROYAL BAKING POWDEa CO.. NEW YORK.MARY BLACK
RAN AWAY FROM
VALENCIENNE
Talent Badly Fooled
Over the Result.
THE GOING SUITED RED GLENN
CYRIL RAN BIG CIRCLES ROUND
HIS FIELD.
Boardman Left the Maiden Class.
Ailyar Is a Fast Youngster.
Pat Morrissey Beaten by
Ed Qartland.
The crowd at Ingleside track overplayed
itself yesterday. Yalencienne, a native
r aughter, showed such remarkable speed
her preliminary gallop and warming up
"opener" that trainers, owners and talent
tlike backed her to beat the flying Mary
; in the six-furlong sprint, second on
the programme. At her first attempt the
was led past the winning post by
Rowena. The handicapping division
: that Valenclenne was too much
1 r Miss Rowena at the distance, and why
shouldn't she "fade" the Eastern celeb
rity I .' But Mary was contrary and when
three furlongs had been reeled off, was in
with the speck of a jockey, Johnny
sitting back under wraps. She won
In a gallop. So fast was Valencienne car
the first part that she went to pieces
a as downed for the place by Espion
age. The winner looked a sweet bit of
g morsel at 1 to 2. but the play on
.■ienne enabled her party to get 11
10 in the ring.
The improvement in the card worked
■wonders In the rine. The bookmakers
• cabled to handle much more coin,
and the crowd was a large one for Mon
d.n.. Of six favorites sent to the post,
Mary Black, Cyril and Ailyar delivered
the goods.
iter Reiff, of "Enjrlish roll" fame,
n the leg over the 6 to 2 favorite
Judge Wofford in the opening event, a
five-furlong scramble for maiden two
ids, and was never heard of at the
finish. W. B. Sink's Boardman, a 44 to 1
• shook off the bunch in the stretch
■ n m ridden nut from Alhaja. My
' ied to the stretch, where she blew
up.
Frank Taylor's big chestnut horse Cap
ias landed on by the big bettors as
ist eligible of the seven starters in
He and a sixteenth, and a chunk of
money was played in the book on him
: 8 to 5 and 2 to 1. He struck a
■ in Red Glenn, who stayed with him
for six furlongs and then drew away.
■winning cleverly. The favorite stumbled
twenty yards from the wire, costing him
the place, as Dr. Bernays beat him out a
head.
Cyril, the c to 5 favorite, had all the best
of things at the post in the fourth num
i six-furlong dash, and won all the
way. Eddie Jones managed to take the
place from Gratify with McFarlane.
In the six-furlnng spin for two-year
j'at Dunne's colt Ailyar outclassed
his company and starting a 3 to 5 favorite
leagled his Held. Casdalc-, ridden by
P.ullman, secured the place from the
wretchedly ridden Anchored.
The final six-furlong- run Fimmered
down to a duel between Ed Gartland. with
"Skeets " Martin in the saddle, and Pat
Morrissey, ridden by Thorpe. The latter
ruled a alight favorite in the betting-, but.
Gartland I icing luck and
ut by loss than a length. Benamela
ran into show.
Track Notes.
Torn Ryan arrived from Chicago yes
terday with Don't Skip Me, Dunols, The
Roman. Midlan, Good Friend and six
two-year-olds. In the same car George
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE KACE TRACK, Monday, Nov. 21, 1898.— Seventh day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Wenther fine; track heavy.
OQ"T FIRST RACE— Five furlonKs; maiden two-year-olde: purse, J40O.
Index.. Horse.
i
Weight. St.
4tn.
«im.
Str.
Jockeys.
219 Board man 113
203 Alhaja 10$
3S Faversham US
■ 213 Judge Wofford 113
213 My Dear 10S
Uj4 I'each Hiosaom . .108
219 Wrir.k'.pR 10S
219 Boardraan 118 4 ... 3 4 24 11 1 »i jReauchamp ; 4 4
203 Alhaja 10816 ... 4 4 6 4 4 4 2 2 :PowW| 4 ;
3S Faversham Ill 1 ... 21 84 2H Sn 'Bullman '.'.'.'. 6 8
Wofford IIS 1 ... 5 4 44 6 2 u l Relff ' 2 s !
I>far 106 S ... 114,11 3h 5 3 E. Jones 4 «
•£>4 Peach Blossom 108 5 ... 63 64 64 4 6 Houck 12 1?
rlnklea UK I ... 7 7 7 7 Bnjder '.'."'.'.'.'. u 20
aer. W. B. Sink's ch. c. by Willful or St. Charles-Rosewood" Good
start AA on first thr*» driving. UJU
Alhaja would have won with better start. She was "the good'." Mv Dear hlnw m
lo later. L. R<-lff Is a plain fiddler. J ar Dlew up -
t)O0 SECOND RACE~Six furlongs; all ages; purse, |400.
■
■Torse. Age. Weight. 'St.
Um.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
207 Mary Black, 3 109 2 ... 2 6 14 14 1 4 Jj. Relff 1 « m
225 Eapkma«e, 2 M 3 ... 3 1 3 1 3 2 2 3 I Wood'- 3 1
K.2 Valenclenne, 3 109 1 ... 11 2 3 24 3 1 H. Martin":: 2 8-D
220 Zorazso. 4 110 5 ... 5 5 4 4 4 12 Rector » ™
... Raclvan. 2 86 1 4 ... 4 4 41 6 5 IWard^^::: 50 100
Time. 1:17. Winner E. Wlshard's b. f. by imp. Islington-Songstress. Good start W^ri
easily. Second and third driving. ~~ >vu "
Thr-r* was nothing to It from the jump. The pe.ce was all the first part and FsDlnna^e
is entitle , to little credit for her run. ' na 8 P' on »&e
1 11-1.1
3 4
2 8-5
50 100
B0 100
239. ™ IRD uM CB ~ O0t a " d * * ixteenth mlles: "elllng; three-year-olds and upward;
Index. H'tsp. Ape. -u-eight.'st. Std. Um. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockevs.
St. Std.
Um. 4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin. '
Jockeys.
»ulng.
Op. Cl.
-V7 KM liieun, a iwi ■. * '" in in it. n 13 Iman 4 - •>
220 Dr. Hernays. 3 88 1 4 2 1 5 4 3 «4 8 1 24 2h Wart • 3 i?"?
<21<» — 6 110 5 11 31 24 22 2 14 32 Rutter 8-5 I" 2
2S0 Tom Calvert. 3 100 6 5% 44 4 2 4 15 4 25 4 4 II Martin"" 0 9
200 Eureka, a 103 1 4 4 .6 6 6 6 5 1 H Smith "iM I'm
220 Fleming. 3 M 3 3h 2h 5 4 (*2 5 1 E< i" " w5od, " » ™
.., Our Johnny. 4 112 7 ''•••• Fur. ■ * 2 20
•nn, a 100 2
Bernays, 3 88] 4
• - ■• .
■ Tom ' alvert. 3 100 6
ireka. a
.•mir.K. 1 94' 3
r Johnny. « 112 7
6 25
2 1
1 1
5 4
4 4
3 h
7
1 h
5 4
3 1
4 4
.6
2 h
1 h
1 <li
2 4
4 2
e,
E 4
1 1
8 1
2 2
4 15
6
1*2
1 2
3 4
2 4
4 25
6
5 1
1 3 Rullman i
I h Wart .
3 2 Rutter .
4 4 II Martin....!
0 1 H. Smith.... i
Wood! '
•Pulled up. - . _ "
Time, 1:51%. "pinner. E. W. Purser's b. g. by Glen Elm-Red Girl. Good mart Won
easily. Second and third driving. • - »i«ri. won
It wan just the sort of going that suits; the winner, heavy but not muddv p,,i v . r ,
sterns to be a "stiff." Captive Is but half of hie old self. muaay. Oivtrt
*)A.C\ FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
1- lex Horse. Age. Weight.
Horse. Age. Weight. [St. '4m. 4m. %m. f?tr. Fin. | Jockey*. (^"'c*.'
- 114 2 ... 11 15 16 ig [Rutter.. . sis 9I5
■ Farlane. 6 1W: 4 ... 4 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 !.In n es ' , * X
Oratlfy. 5 I0» 5 ... 7 4 5 1 4 2 3 1 iHonck ! .'.'.'.'.'.'. is 40
2*4 Mamie Scot. 6 IW 1 ... 2 4 3 2 3 2 4S Powell "' fi 7
Jected, 5 10S- 3 ... 6 1 7 15 6 1 6 2 !H Smith 100 1W
Uno, a 114: g ... 5 2 6 6 7 2 6 1 Plnott . 2 s
tddlngton, 5 100! 7 ... 3 4 4 2 6 2 7 1 'Thorpe " 3 ».j
■ .100; 6 ._._. 8 i 8 8_ 'Bullrnan .. 30 100
Time. 1:17%. Winner. P. Ryan's b. g. by Buchanan-Espanlta. Fair start Won eatllv
Second ar.1 thlrt driving. ' «-a*ny.
Cyrl! had be?t of start. Don Fulano was pounds from a rare. Reddington was away
nut couldn't have won. The stable liked him at that. Mamie Scot is not much.
\irn.
%m.
\m.
Ftr.
041 FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
Index.. Horse.
Weight.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
... Ailyar Mg j
225 Ca«>da!e 113 4
(213) Anchored U* 2
n't Tnll
. Bozzaris
:::
1 15
2 2
2 2
6
4 25
1 10
2 5
3 30
4 2
8
1 8 '
2 6
3 40
4 20
8
1 S III. Martin
2 6 iBullman
3 40 Rutter
4 20 Wainrlght ....
5 Ward ....... . .
1-2
E-2
6
30
F0
i
60
200
Time 1:17U- Winner. P. Dunne 1 * b. c. by Himyar-Alleen Aroon. Bad start. Won
easily. Sf>'-ond n.nd tlilri driving.
Ailyar vrns the clas«. Th* end (.(nble set liked r-asdale for the place. Rutter lost his
;,-b early In the gume. Hln race would look well In the klnetoscope.
24-2, BIXTH RACE-Blx furlongs; eelllng; three-year-olds and upward; purse. *4«0.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. IBt.
Um.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
<22S> FA Gartland. 8 .....102 2 ... u M 12 j« [h. Martin 2 11-5
at Atorrlssey. 4....1OJ 1 ... 214 25 2 3 2 2 Thorpe ........ 8-5 9-5
22. Ti^namela. 0 10714 ... 54 f.232 32 IRutter 10 15
i2S Toriblo. 3 02j S ... 6 4 65 4 4 4 8 Weber 10 12
19< Chihuahua. 5 99 8 ... Jh 3h 56G6 Powell 5 3
193 !.<;?ftte, 3 99 8 ... s 7.4 63 6 4 Bullman 40 60
220 Heigh Hn, 3 99 7 ... 7 3 8 7 3 7 4 J. R*Iff 6 8
/21« Sweet William. 4..10O 6 .._. 42 4 4 8 S Ward 12 12
Time, 1:15%. Winner, D. A. Honig's blk. g. by Imp. Albert-Piazza. Good start. Won
first three driving.
It was about an even thing between the two leaders. Martin outgeneraled Thorpe. Chl-
hauhua's picture was turned toward the wall before the race was run. Sweet William
was played.
2 11-5
8-6 9-5
10 15
10 12
5 3
40 60
6 g
12 12
Saunders brought over the old sprinter
O'Connell.
Alex Shields and Cash Sloan got in
here on Wednesday from Lakeside track
with Topmast, Dare 11. Prince Blazes,
Ruskin and Frank Jaubert.
Joe Rose had but one book on yester
day. Joe was reported to be nearly
$10,000 loser on last week's operations, so
concluded to let Bill Jackson and his
crew take a rest.
Riley Grannan Is reported to be $10,000
ahead of the game of booking up to
date. The Kentuckian has discarded his
plunging tactics to a great extent.
The officials in the stand notified Enoch
Wishard yesterday that hereafter
Master J. Relff would be allowed to
accept but two mounts a day, and then
only on good acting horses. "So many
longshoremen are seen In the saddle these
days that the judges were fearful the
little fellow would meet with some acci
dent.
James Neil was the happiest man at the
auction gale last night. After he had
Morelia, a Moretlo filly, knocked down to
him for $150 Jim was shortly afterward
I offered $50 for his bargain. He refused
the raise, and declares by all the bricks
| In the City Hall that the nlly will beat
j the daughter of Ormonde and Bud the
j first time they hook up In a race.
Otttnger, the ticket broker, was one of
the many who unloaded on Pat Mor
rissey.
j Starter Caldwell set Wainwright down
j for the meeting. The boy had tne mount
on Don't Tell, and conveniently got left
at the post.
Nick Hall, not an ounce heavier in
avoirdupois, got in from Chicago yester
day, and reports a season of 111 luck.
Nick says that Canace was so highly
touted that he was afraid to enter her
in selling races. This compelled him to
start her in events where she was out
classed slightly, with a result that on
seventeen occasions she finished second.
Sevens, his other fast filly, went wrong.
Jockey McNichol arrived with him.
1 rank Rutter had many admirers when
he first arrived here, but his saddle work
of late has taken on a yellowish hue that
is not always pleasant to the eye. The
race won by Ailyar yesterday was a
rough looking affair all through, bet
ting not excepted, and Rutter's ride on j
Anchored will not increase his percentage
at the end of the season.
The gentlemen's race for Thursday has
closed with six entries. Mr. Hobart will
ride Mistral 11, Mr. Skinner Stan Pow
ers, H. Forsland Una Colorado and Mr.
Dunphy- William 08.
Tommy Lottridge and Jimmy Coffey, j
both clever trainers, resorted to the
"dope" yesterday and played Valenci
enne. Tommy says figures run for the
mathematicians, after this.
When horses go to the post they are
supposed to take positions at the bar
rier according to the number assigned !
them on the programme, and starters
should see that they do this. Cyril drew I
the rail position, yet Rutter took him to 1
the dry going on the outside, the horse i
from the way he was ridden, having no '
fancy for the mud. These positions have i
much to do with influencing the betting
and if the rule was worth making it
should be enforced.
Following are to-day's entries:
two ir^a Ra< ld~ FiVe and a ha ' f furlon * 8 ; selling;
231 Sam McKeever. .IPS; SOS Ocorona 103
167 Gilt Edge 105 ( 231 Stamina 108 ;
... La Faresseuse..loo 167 Rio Chlco 105
Second Race— Seven furlongs; selling'; three
•■• Daisy F 105 1 242 Losette 106
/i;k?, eau M °n<3e....ioS 229 Magnus 105
<"?>* I , arpl ?. t , 108 229 Imperious 105
230 First Call IPS (;32)Inverary iu^Y.lM
Third Race— Six furlongs; purse.
— Paul Grlggs no 222 Satsuma 110
5S?i **'« Rowena...lo7 222 Reslnante 107 '
(2l2>San enado ....105; 207 Fleur <!e L 19....107
Fourth Race— One mile; special.
233Morellito 106i(233)Mistral II 112
233 Ostler Joe H3| 222 Rainier ....'.'.'.'.'. 90 ,
Fifth Race— Four and a half furlongs; maiden I
two-year-olds.
219 St. Kristine 105 218 Silver Beaux. 105 i
237 Faversham 10S . 219 Jerry Hunt 101
215 Abano 105 218 Fellclte .....103 j
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; selling.
228 Tom Smith 1021 226 Judge Stouffer 100
205 Dolore 102 1 205 Lodestar . 10'
216 Greyhurst 102: 22S Little A1arm.... 104
228 Lady Britannic. 102 1
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Rio Chico, Sam McKeever,
Ocorona.
Second Race— First Call, Marplot, Daisy F.
Third Race— de Lts, Miss Rowena, Sat
suma.
Fourth Race— Ostler Joe, Mistral 11, Morel
llto.
Fifth Race— Silver Beaux, Jerry Hunt, Faver
sham.
Sixth Race— Lodestar, Judge Etouffer, Lady
Britannic.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
SELF-DEFENSE HIS PLEA.
Albert Blerwirth of the Globe Lodging House
Charged With the Murder of Arthur
Brown,
ALBERT BIERWIRTH. proprie
tor of the Globe House, 821
Howard street, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday by De
tective Ryan and Policeman Tulte
on a charge of murder in connec
tion with the death of Arthur F.
Brown of 2517 McAllister street from
a fractured skull. Blerwirth does not
deny striking Brown on the 'head
with a policeman's club, but claims
it was done in self-defense. He
said:
"Brown, Louis "Webber and May
Bennett were in the latter's room
making considerable noise. My. wife
went to the room and told Brown to
lf;ave. He refused, and she pent for
me. I tried to persuade him to
leave, but he used vile language to
ward mo, and T took him by the
collar and led him out. When we
got down the first flight of stairs he
refused to go farther, and made a
pass at mo with his fist. I went to
the office and got the club, and when
I returned he grabbed hold of me
and tried to drag me over the ban
ister. Thr-n I hit him on the head
with the club and he went away. I
never saw him before and had no in
tention of injuring him. All I want
ed was to get him out of the house.
as he was disturbing the other room
ers. I struck him to prevent myself
from being pulled over the banis
ters."
The officers took Louis Webber
and May Bennett to the Morgue
yesterday, and they identified
Brown's body as that of the man
who was hit by Blerwirth. The wo
LILIUOKALANI
WILL ASK FOR
HER RIGHTS
Her First Visit Was
for Her People.
NOW ON HER OWN MISSION
SHE WXLL ASK CONGRESS FOR
THE CROWN LANDS.
Nearly $500,000 in Rents Collected
. From Them Since Confiscation
by the Provisional Gov
ernment.
Ex-Queen IJlluokalan! of Hawaii, ac
companied by several personal friends, her
physician. Dr. English. Hon. Paul Neu
mann and Colonel George W. Macfarlane,
arrived here on the Coptic yesterday and
took apartments at the California, where
sjie denied herself to all visitors.
Colonel Macfarlane, however, consented
to act as her spokesmnn.
"Llliuokalani comes here," he Bald, "to
present her claims to the crown lands
which, she asserts, were illegally trans
ferred by the Provisional Government
to the United States Government In con
summating the annexation bargain. Her
previous visit to Washington some
months ago was in the Interest of her
people, who petitioned her In all parts of
the island to do everything In her power
to prevent annexation, not only to the
United States, but to any country.
"The natives were unanimously against
the extinction of their national indepen
dence and a majority of the foreigners :
held the same views. It is even said that
■ majority of the American residents
there were opposed to a loss of Hawaiian
Independence. Owing to war between Spain'
and the United States a desire suddenly j
arose In Congress to pass the Hawaiian |
annexation treaty. Annexation having ■
been an accomplished fact, the Queen re
turned to the islands and Informed her >
subjects of the passage of the treaty and
advised them to accept the situation.
"She is now on a mission purely In her j
own interest, and that is to lay claim
to all the revenues that are being col
lected on the crown lands and to assert
her title to said lands— the revenues from
which, at present prices for sugar lands
would reach well up into the hundreds of
thousands of dollars."
Another and reliable authority on Ha
waiian matters estimates the present
value of the crown lands at $4,000,000.
yielding an annual revenue of $160,000. AM
bf the large sugar estates on the islands
are largely situated on these lands, which
are most of them leased for long terms.
The ex-Queen Is said to consider it be
neath her dignity to accept a pension, and
will merely ask her rights of the ad
ministration and Congress, to which
latter body she will probably submit her
case early in the approaching session.
Colonel Macfarlane has been appointed
financial agent in the settlement of the
crown lands claim, and eminent counsel
in San Francisco and the East will han
dle the case. *ion. Paul Neumann. At
torney General in Kalakauas Cabinet,
wlli also assist the attorneys on this side.
It is said that nearly $500,000 in rents
have been collected from the crown lands
since the Provisional Government con
fiscated them. Lilioukalanl will leave for
Washington to-morrow and Colonel Mac
furlane will return to Honolulu on the
llliuokalani and party attended the
California Theater last night.
.. ♦ ■
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup curei
your child's cough. Better try It. 25c.
■ m *
Y. M. 1. Thanksgiving Party.
The annual Thanksgiving party of Mis
sion Council No. 3, T. M. 1., will be held
at Pioneeer Hall on Wednesday evening.
The arrangements are In charge of John
man denies that Brown used any
vulgar or offensive language to
Blerwirth or his wife. They were
talking loudly, when Mrs. Bier
wirth came and ordered Brown out.
All that he said was not to drag
him out, as he was a gentleman, and
would go out as a gentleman. While
in her room he spent about 50 cents
for beer. When Ryan and Tulte
came to the house on Saturday night
Mrs. Blerwirth came to her and told
her to get out of the house and say
nothing. Webber claims that he
was ton drunk to remember any of
the circumstances. He was a friend
of Brown, and took him to the house
to see May Bennett, who was also a
friend of his. What hpoame of
Brown's money is a mystery. Web
ber had only a dollar on him when
arrested and May Bennett says
Brown only spent 50 cents while in
her room.
The autopsy on Brown's body was
made yesterday and showed that
deatli was the result of a hemor
rhage caused by a fracture of the
skull.
! F. Oomyns, John P. Henry and Dr. Rich
\ ards, who promise a repetition of the sue
! cess of former years. D. J. Leary, a char
i ter member of the council, has recently
; been elected president.
. • >
Try the "Koh-I-Xoor" lead pencil and
I you will have no further use for others.*
■ ♦ ■ .
The Cnutes.
A capital bill -was well received at the
Chutes Free Theater last evening. Con
chita. who is a favorite in this city, re
turns with a budget of clever things and
i she was obliged to respond to five en
cores. A. L. Rhorer, barytone, gave his
songs with moving pictures, a most ef-
I fective combination. The Jacksons are
I genuinely funny darkies, and their sketch
i "The Hfnroost Inspectors," was received
'. with roars of laughter. Reynard is a
I ventriloquist wh6 will compare favora
bly with the best, and his walking and
I talking figures are automatic novelties.
"Congo," the "gorilla man," "Joe." the
i orang outang. and "Sallie," the chimpan
zee, continue to create a great sensation.
California,
"Northern Ughts" commenced Its sec
1 ond and last week at the California to a
good-sized audience. "A Boy Wanted"
i follows.
French Consul General Arrives.
A. de Trobriand. the newly appointed
French Consul General at this port, ar
rived on the late overland last night and
registered at the Palace. He was accom
panied by his wife and three children.
—
Smith's Dandruff ""omade
Cures eczema, itching scalp, dandruff and
'■ falling hair. Guaranteed to give satisfac-
I tlon or money refunded. At all drug
■ stores; price, 50 cpnf- nample sent free by
Smith Bros.. Fresno. Cal. •
: ~-~
Found Dead in a Yard.
Mrs. Charles F. Rehwald, wife of the
proprietor of the Golden 801 l saloon at
1075 Market street, found a df»ad man lying
I in the yard in the rear of the saloon at
'• noon yesterday. The man had evidently
; passed through -the saloon a short time
i previously without being observed by
Mr. Rehwald.
The body was well dressed, and was that
of a man about 35 years old. When
searched by the Morgue deputies nothing
I was found on the person but a purse
containing two dimes and a clipping from
a Nevada newspaper.
The man was clean shaven, with black
i hair and eyebrows, dark pray or hazel
; eyes, prominent chin and straight nose.
Becker-Creegan Case.
Tho third trial of Karl Hooker and
; James Creegan, charged with having
swindled the Nevada Bank out of $22,000
on a forged draft, was continued one
■ week by Judge Wallace yesterday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OLD RELIABLE DOCTORS.
5 /\^\ B . . Dr. Meyers & Co.
f(Js^~Z— J~~**^^^ Are the leading specialists for
tf 8 /^ fflfci: x l^ record of cures for more than
S^^^^^^mlS Nervous Debility
with aii its attendant dan g ers
•™"V^^^ |/V ?lk W~s^f*& contracted ailments of men
*^^~^^—j^Y*J ' quickly and permanently
Free Consultation and | Patients Need Not Pay
Private Book for Men. j Until They Are Cured.
DR. MEYERS CO.
731 Market Street, San Francisco. »
Tnlrc* PiAiral-Ai« i HOURS-8 to 12, 1 to 5 dally.
laKe CieValOr. j Evenings, 7 to 8. Sundays, 9to 11.
THE BEST
WAR PLAY
EVER WRIT
"Secret Service" Is a
Huge Success.
FINE ACTING THROUGHOUT
NEW COMEDIANS AT "GAY
CONEY ISLAND."
Special Production at Morosco's.
Comedy at the Alcazar — Or
pheum Variety and
Others.
William Gillette's "Secret Service"
was played by the author and hi 3 com
pany at the Baldwin last night to a
crowded audience. The performance
flnißhed at about 11:30, and the crowd
was still there, including yours faith
fully, who forgot all about such trifles
as newspapers that must go to press in
time to meet the suburban's early
breakfast. Some plays are easy to
leave at a decent hour, even when you
leave to praise them; but "Secret Serv
ice" is no-t one of that sort. It grips
you like a vice and you and your seat
are wedded until the last curtain is
down.
See "Secret Service" and you will
know what it is to be thrilled by a war
play; you will know how it feels to be
proud of a native playwriter; you will
be gladder than ever that you are an
American. The not-so-iate unpleas
antness between tho North and the
South has been exploited on the stage
time and time over without revealing a
really strong, sane play. Scenery, fire
cracker situations and drill sergeant's
stage direction have gone to make
what excitement and picture were in
the pieces, and their virtue consisted
entirely of machine made excitement
and gaudy pictures. The stagy" pomp
of war cuts but a slim figure in the ex
citement of "Secret Service." War is
on, you feel it and smell it in the tense
atmosphere; there is the tramp of sol
diers and the clatter of arms and the
wonderful "noises without" (without
which it seems no modern war drama
can exist). But these are but
the tokens of the time of
action; they do not dictate the drama,
but merely label it as of the American
war variety. The figures you have met
before, some in one play, some in an
other: the Southern heroine, the North
ern officer; the So-uthern ingenue and
her youngster lover who goes out to
fight and comes home with injuries;
and the Southern officer who stirs up
all the trouble for the hero. Life is
limited, and, as 1 say, you have mqfc
with other stage people of this descrip
tion. But you. have never seen them
shuffled and dealt as Mr. Gillette shuf
fles and deals them, and you have
never seen them made human.
It is true that -Secret Service" has
but one Northerner among its person
ages (unless you count the brother who
comes on only to be killed), and no
villain in the strict sense of the word;
but it is not here that its vital differ
ence lies. The scheme of character is
practically the same as in the other
war plays; even the man who is not a
real villain fills all the purposes of one,
and the comic relief and the comic love
making take up the usual percentage
of time. The difference is in the art
that has gone into the construc
tion of the piece and In the
humanness of the lines. There
are no false heroics, no extreme em
phasis, no situations that lean on the
long arm of coincidence; every line,
every bit of action, every climax is
bent" toward a single end. "Secret
Service" is not a drama of character.
It deals in action and hardly anything
else. It tells in quick, vivid strokes the
story of a spy who betrays his cause
rather than the girl who loves him— a
story that you have known many times
in many other forms; it iH frankly ro
mantic in tone, idealizing what is not
necessarily ideal, and yet it is never ob
scene in its trust and optimism. It gives
you the event, which occupies about
the same amount of time in the play
ing as it does in the time-table on the
programme, and you furnish your own
reflections and philosophy. Action and
suggestion are the watchwords, and the
result is that Mr. Gillette has given the
world a war melodrama WhCB6 appeal
is mental as well as physical. To say
that "Secret Service" is the best of the
war plays means nothing. It is a vin
dication of them, and it is unquestion
ably the finest specimen of playwrlting
that has ever come to light in America.
The acting fits the play. It is quick,
sensitive ami in beautiful ensemble.
Mr. Gillette stands alone in the acting
that seemes not acting, and he does
the work of his life in the part of the
spy hero. Imagine that cool imperti
nence and poise and invention of his in
"Too Much Johnson" transposed into a
tragic key and you have an idea of his
Captain Thorne. Miss Sara Perry is
unobtrusively sympathetic as the
heroine. Miss Hope Ross twinkles
alertly as the ingenue, and — well, the
hour is too late to catalogue the many
achievements of the company. See
"Secret Service" and take heart in the
American drama. The ending of the
second act is in my opinion one of the
strongest in any tongue.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Alcazar. ■
The Alcazar stock company presented
Sydney Rosenfeld's new comedy, "Imag
ination," to a large audience last even
ing. Some of the situations were very lu
dicrous, and when the old man who has
been "having a good time" with his
nephews is exposed the fun Is fast and
amusing.
Wullace Shaw, in the part of Harry
Jelllman, "a dear old boy. was quite en
tertaining, while George Osbourne. Ernest
Hastings, Charles Bryant and Frank Den
ithorne were well suited to their parts.
The principal female characters were well
presented by Miss Howe, Miss Laura
Crews, MissGretchen Lyons, Miss Chris
tine Hill and Miss Ida Krueger.
Columbia.
There was much laughter last night at
the Columbia over the many absurdities
in that headless and tailless skit, "At Gay
Coney Island." Jack Campbell as Hi
Price, Tony Hart Jr. as i^enson Hurst
and Mark Hart as Mike Le Maque fur
nished the fun of the evening. The Daisy
Kidd-.-r of Mattle Lockette Is a lively
part, and she established herself at once
as a favorite in her Bongs and dances.
James H. Bradbury as Uncle Goodrich
Payne made up as a well-known Police
Court lawyer of this city and performed
the small part that fell to his lot in good
stylo.
There are enough women on the stage
to make trouble in any theater and they
may be summed up briefly as a lot of
pretty faces and eight good figures.
The whistling and barnyard imitations
by Alf Holt are inimitable.
Grand Opera-House.
Sutton Vane's latest play, "In Sight of
St. Paul's," was presented at the Grand
Opera-house last night to a well-filled
house. The event was marked by the first
appearance at that theater of Adele Bel
garde, the talented actress, who was lead
ing lady for Frederick Warde for several
seasons. She assumed the character of
Cynthia Dell, "the Panther," and played
it with such feeling and dramatic force
as to rouse the audience to flattering ex
pressions of their approval. She has lost
none of her old-time charm, and it is to
be regretted that she is not seen oftener
by those who admire her talents. Lorena
Atwoort as the heroine, Aileen Miller, was
aa usual clever and effective, and Marie
Winston, the soubrette, was pleasing as
Becky Vetch. James M. Brophy was the
maligned but vindicated hero, "and Lan
ders Stevens the polished villain. Both
sustained their parts creditably. Max yon
Mitzel had a congenial part as Gillie
Fletcher, and James Corrigan as the suf
fering father was worthy of praise. Fred
J. Butler had a small paft, but interpreted
It with his usual tact and intelligence. The
scenery is excellent,
Orpheum.
The Orpheum has an excellent pro
gramme this week. As usual, the man
agement presents a number of new faces
and features, retaining some of the best
who appeared last week. Maud Courtney,
who sings many of the old-time songs in a
quaint voice, is one of the new ones. Flo
Irwin, of grand physique and clever wit,
is still popular. Lillie Western, who i.« ad
vertised as the "premier musical artiste
of both hemispheres." is a whole show
herself. Her performance on the xylo
phone, concertina and bells, to say noth
ing of the snare drum, is highly artistic
Harry Larey and Miss Ida Van Sicklen
present "Bob Rlcketfs Pajamas." a little
comedy full of comical situations. The
Wilson family, high-class comedy coons
was warmly received. Fred T. Herbert's
troop of educatW <!ngs Is still one of the
best features of the show.
The Tivoli.
"Suzette" Is now enjoying ah excellent
production at the Tivoli, where it will
stay all the week, giving way on Monday
to "Cyrano."
New Comedy.
To-night is the night for the first pro
duction in San Francisco of "Cyrano de
Bergerac." There will be a large and
curious audience at the Comedy.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
POSITIVELY THIS EVENING.
FIRST PERFORMANCE HERE
Of the Reigning Theatrical Sensation of New
• York. London and Paris, n
CYRANO DE BERGERAC
Edmond Rostand's Great Comedy Drama.
ENTIRELY NEW SCENES AND ACCESSO-
RIES. EIGHTY PEOPLE ON THE STAGE
Staged by Maurice Hageman.
By the HENDERSON COMPANY, under Da-
vid Henderson's personal direction.
SEATS— Comedy Theater and Emporium.
Evenings, 25c to $1. Matinees, 25c to 75c.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING DAY.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
SEATS BY TELEPHONE MAIN 234."
THIS WEEK! THIS WEEK!
FUN GALORE.
IMAGINATION!
A LAUGHABLE COMEDY.
HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY.
TO-NIGHT
Benefit MARK THALL.
Corbett-Sharkey Contest Announced Between
Acts.
CHOICE SEATS, 15c, 25c, 33c, 50c.
Grand Initial Performance in the Monster
FREE - VAUDEVILLE - AMPHITHEATER
Thanksgiving Day, Thursday Nov. 24.
LILLIAN SMITH,
Champion Rift; Shot of the World.
Balloon Ascension and Parachute* Jump.
Triple Horizontal Bars, Breakaway Ladder
Act. Knockabout Clowns, The Leons, Cornet
Solo, Grand Concert, Three New Bears, Three
Lions.
GLEN PARK IS A
PARADISE FOR CHILDREN.
Admission, 10c: no further charge. Children
under 5 years, FREE.
GRAND OPF.NING OF THE NEW C4FE.
Take San Mateo Electric Cars. Valencia,
Mission and Sutter-street cars transfer.
JF^SSrCUB
Q RACING from Monday, Nov. 14, to Q
r\ Saturday, Nov. 26, inclusive. ■#%
_,~ Five or More Running B»ees Daily, Rtin \ /
or B"aia».
if Beautiful Grounds. . >.' V. I /
j#°»i Superior Accommodations. Z~2
I -/ FIRST RACE Accommodations, #j|
FIRST RACE AT 2P. M. fj
»«. S. P. R. R. Trains. 12:45 and 1:15 \ /
Op. m. dally. Leave Third-street M* i
Station. stopping at Valencia street f^
jo. Returning immediately after the > /
rB races. Round-trip ticket. 25c. 0*
| / ELECTRIC CAR LINES. ' 1
i^ Keamy-strert and Mission-street > 4
[% cars every three minutes, direct to
\ # track without change. Fillmore- I f
j«js&. street cars transfer each' way. J*
f| ADMIBSION TO THE TRACK, $1.00. f%
ADMIBBION TO THS TRACK, $1.00.
»L? 8. N. ANDROUS. President. . > /
F. 11. GREEN. Secretary- /■».
OOOOfIgDOOOO
CONCERTS AND BESCKTs?.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
ADMISSION 100 - - - - CHILDREN 5j
Bathing, with admission, Me; children, 20c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
blaceTbodTanc Tbra¥
What Mariani Wine Does to Soothe,
Strengthen and Sustain
the System.
Yin Mariani (Mariani Wine) is rec-
ommended as a tonic by the medical
profession all over the world. It has re-
ceived written recommendations from
more than 8000 American physicians.
Mariani Wine soothes, strengthens
and sustains the sjstem and braces
body and brain. It gives strength;
therefore may it be described as the
conqueror of disease and the promoter
of health and longevity.
Mariani Wine is specially indicated
.for malaria, fever and ague and all
miasmatic fevers. It promptly dispels
chills, abates malarial fever, and gives
a sense of buoyancy and vigor.
Mariani Wine is furthermore of es-
pecial value in cases, of Neuralgia, Ner-
vous Debility, Muscular Relaxation,
Mental and Physical Depression and
Exhaustion, Overwork or Overstrain,
Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspep-
sia, Loss of Appetite, Emaciation and
Consumption. It builds up the vital
forces and is a powerful rejuvenator.
It gives strength to the nervous system,
firmness and elasticity to the muscles,
and richness to the blood. It benefits
all.
Mariani Wine is palatable and suited
to the most delicate stomachs. In the
cases of pale, puny, sickly children it
is invariably used with great benefit.
For overworked men and delicate
women Mariani W T ine works wonders.
Mariani Wine is sold by all Druggists.
Try it and you will find that It will well
sustain Its reputation. One word of
caution, however — let no representation
or explanation induce you to accept a
substitute. "Just as good" usually
leads to disappointment.
To every one writing to Mariani &
Co., 52 West Fifteenth street. New York
City, will be sent, free, if this paper
is mentioned, an interesting little book
containing portraits and autographs of
Emperors, Empress, Princes, Cardinals,
Archbishops and other distinguished
personages, indorsing Yin Mariani.
AMUSEMENTS.
; CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST NIGHTS-; —
Special Holiday Matinee Thanksgiving
PRICES i WILLIAM CALDER
1 3c, - AND COMPANY
25c,
35c In the Stirring Romantic Military
, And 50c. Play,
NORTHERN
.LIGHTS.
COMING .". "A BOY WANTED."
BALDWINJHEATER.
! THE PRAISE OF NEW YORK AND LON-
DON REPEATED.
SPECIAL MATINEE THANKSGIVING—
Mr. Charles Frohman Announces the Pre- ■
eminent Success of the Period,
Secret Service
WITH—
WILLIAM GILLETTE.
And Identically the Same Splendid Cast Seen
During the Triumphs In New York and
London.
* EXTRA— SUNDAY NIGHT^IOA-
QUIN MILLER. In a Lecture Upon Experl-
ences In KLONDIKE. ' - ' '
COLUMBIA^THEATER.
NO SECOND GUESS!
IT'S A GREAT BIG HIT!
A. M. Miller and W. W. Freeman Present th»
All-Surpassing Musical Comedy Triumph.
AT GAY
CONEY ISLAND
25— New York's brightest boys, gayest girls— 2s
Under Command of the Gallant Leaders of
Ever}' IrfflK>rtant Battle of Laughter,
SMITH & CAMPBELL
ALL THIS WEEK ■ " - ".
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE THURSDAY.
Next Monday— "GAYEST MANHATTAN."
LILLIE WESTERN, Vaudeville's Premier*
■Musical Artiste. • ' ,
THE WILSON FAMILY, High-Class "Coon"
Comedy. .
MAUDE COURTNEY. Who Sings the Old
Songs.
HARRY LACEY AND COMPANY, In the Great
Hit, "Bob Racket's Pajamas. '
FLO IRWIN AND WALTER HAWLEY in
"The Gay Miss Con." .
HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS, the Greatest
Animal Act. .
JAMES CULLEN. Vocalist.
FRANK AND DON, Comedy Boxers.
FLOOD BROTHERS. Comedy Acrobats.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50:.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY, NOV. 2+.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ptOSCQ'S BRANDS
V A.LTKK Morosco, Sole Lessee and Managet
. Week of Nov. 21. 1898.
Sutton Vane's Best Melodrama.-
IN SIGHT OF
ST. PAUL'S.
Special Engagement of the Handsome and
Accomplished -Leading Lady,
MISS ADELE BELGARDE.
GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE. THURSDAY,
THANKSGIVING DAY.
EVENING PRICES. 10c. 25c and 50c.
MATINEE PRICES. 10c. 15c and 25c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Telephone Green S6l.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING,
Oscar Well's Comedy Opera In Three Acts,
Suzette
MIRTH AND MUSIC. .
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
TO COMMENCE NEXT MONDAY EVEN-
ING — Grand Scenic Production of Rostand'
Romantic Comedy,
CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
;;«; SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular Prices.../. .23c and 50c
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee .250
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat lower. Barley as before.
Corn firmer. Oata and Rye unchanged.
- Beans active and firm, ;
Flaxseed higher. ._■*
Hay weaker. Ferdstufts unchanged.
Manila Cordage declined. . . ::/:'.
Potatoes and Vegetables quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Dressed Turkeys advanced.
No change In Game.
Cranberries scarcer and higher.
Oranges in increasing supply.
Lemons firm and Limes dull.
Dried fruit slow.
Hogs quieter.
THE COPPER MARKET.
Henry R. Merton & Co., London, estimate
stock of copper in England and France and j
afloat thereto from Chile and Australia on the j
list of October as follows:
Price. Tone.
1£96 £47 17s 6d 35,441
1897 "1 47 15SOJ 34,389 i
JS9B '...'.. 54 15a Od 25..9S '
The price has been • further advanced this
month, reaching £56 7s 6d on the 11th lnst. .
Imports of copper into England and France for |
the first ten months of the year were 120,042
tons, against 115.394 tons In 1897, 102,442 tons in |
1566, and an average of 83,500 tons in the pre
vious two years.
WEATHER REPORT.
(IKKh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11, 1898.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hOUr Past 24 This Last
Past 24 This. Last
Stations— « Hour»: Season. Season
Eureka 0.10 6.24 6.63
• Red Bluff 0.00 1.49 3.79
Sacramento 0.00 1.50 2.36
Ban Francisco t..... 0.00 2.28 2.19
Fresno 0.00 1.48 1.25
Ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.66 0.86
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0.00 0.11 1.07
Yuma 0.18. 0.18 0.77
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum temperature. 46; mean, 51.
A storm of moderate intensity is central near
Vancouver Island. It approached the coast very
rapidly from the Pacific last night, but now is
apparently recurving to the westward. Rain
has fallen from Cape Mendoclno northward to- j
day, and will probably extend as far south as '
San Francisco or Santa Clara during the next
twenty-four hours. Only light rainfall, how- !
ever, is to be expected. ' . • • -
Forecast made at San Francisco for twenty- j
four hours ending November 22, 1898:
Northern — Occasional showers
Tuesday: fresh west wind.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Tuesday, with local i
enow in northern portion.
Utah — Partly cloudy Tuesday, with snow In
northern portion.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday: killing frost to-night. ;
. San Francisco and vicinity— Occasional show- j
ers Tuesday; fresh south to southwest wind, j
W. H. HAMMON,
. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— The upward move
ment of prices In the stock market was at full
tide to-day when the afternoon special editions
fcrought the Paris bulletin to the Associated
Press announcing that the president of the
Fpanlsh Peace Commission has declined to
proceed with the negotiations after the pre
sentation of the United States Commissioners'
final teroid. The professional room traders
turned reilcis immediately and the large buy
ing orders which were being executed all
around the room were apparently withdrawn.
Prices melted away quite rapidly In this con
dition of affairs, declines reaching nearly a
point in ma/iy cases. Supporting orders were
then placed in many of the leading stocks and
the decline was checked. There was no appar
ent disposition to continue the buying move
ment, however, and for a time during the last
hour the market fell into almost entire neg
lect. . This condition of affairs invited renewed
ehort selling and the drift was elowly down
ward to the close. The result is that many
stocks which were not conspicuously strong in
the early dealings closed lower than on Satur
day, while the notable advances in the leaders
are much reduced. Atchlson preferred easily
continued Its leadership of the railroad list,
and it made its way through a flood of offer-
Ings up 2V» points to 47V4 before the Paris news
checked the advance. People's Gas reflected
also a very heavy demand and rose at one time
2V», but saved less than a point in that gain.
The early movement of the market was con
fined very largely to special stocks, the
grangers and the recently awakened South
westerns halting somewhat. Northwestern was
an exception in the granger group and gained
2\ points, and its subsidiary company, St. Paul
and Omaha, rose nearly 2 points. The Balti
more and Ohio Issues also showed very
marked strength. Early in the afternoon Penn
sylvania sprang Into activity and made a
notable advance of 2V4 points, supplemented
closely by Pittsburg, Cincinnati, Chicago and
St. Louis preferred. This gave renewed tone
to the whole market and led to the strongest
upward movement of the day, the level of
prlreF being quite generally lifted near a point
over Saturday. The story of the reaction is
told above. Uneasiness over the money situa
tion in Berlin and the approaching maturity
of large obligations there had apparently sub-
Pided. The Northwestern railroad stocks were
relieved from pressure and the threatened rup
ture between Northern Pacific and Oregon
Navigation fell Into the background.
There was very large and well distributed
demand for bonds and some sharp advancer in
prices resulted, whi^h was well maintained to
the close in spite of the weakness in stocks.
Total sales, $4,460,000.
United States 4s registered and of> coupon ad
vanced Vi, and the 2s and 3s coupon, the old
and new 4s registered and the 5s registered V 4
in the bid prlre.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 570 100
pharos, including: Atchlson, 43.500: Atchison
preferred, 8?,S20; Burlington, 15.6/ji; Denver and
Rio Grande preferred, 8200; Manhattan. 22 330-
Metropolitan Street Railway, 5255; Missouri
Pacific, 3015; Northern Pacific, 17.750: Northern
Pacific preferred, 6224; Northwestern MBS:
I'nlon Pacific, S020; Ht. Paul, 34,890; St. Paui
and Omaha, 3345; Texas and Pacific 8400-
Union Pacific preferred, 13,749; Tobacco.' 13 420 :
Federal Steel, FOSO; Federal Steel preferred
12.763; People's Gas 43,0?3 : Pacific Mall 4945-
Sugar, 32,500; Chicago Great Western, 12,490.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 16% Do prefd 65
Oo prefd 46% Do 2d prefd 31%
Baltimore & Ohio.. 55% St Louis & S W... 5%
Canada Pacific 84% Do prefd..... 13^.
Canada Southern.. 54% St Paul 113U
Cent Pac 2S Do prefd 162%.
Ches & Ohio 22% St P & Om 86%
Chi & Alton lo* Do prefd 167
Chi B & Q ÜB%|Bt P M & M... IT'
Chi & E 111 oJ 'So Pacific 25%
Do prefd luSVs So Rai1way........ 9%
Chi G W 106*1 Do prefd- 3SU i
Chi Ind & L « Texas & Pacific 16 -
Do prefd 28 Union Pacific 34%
Chi & N W 140% I Do prefd 67%
Do prefd- 186- IU P D & G 6%
C C C 4 St L 40% Wabash .• -h ■
Do prefd 85 Do prefd 22%
Del & Hudson S4"i4 -Wheel & L E 3%
Del.L & \V 141 Do prefd 18%
Den & Rio O I6',i Express Companies-
Do prefd 61% Adams Ex 108
Erie (new) IX"* American Ex 140
Do Ist prefd.. 35% United States 44
Ft -Wayne 174 Wells Fargo 125
Gt Nor piefd 139 Miscellaneous-
Hocking Val 3 A Cot Oil 32%
Illinois Cent .111%? Do prefd 86 ,*
Lake Erie & W 14 Am Spirits 11?;
Do prefd 63 Do prefd 34>/i
Lake Shore; 193 Am Tobacco 138
Louis & Nash o>';i Do prefd 127
Manhattan L 3ts Con Gas.... 186
Met St Ry 175 Com Cable Co 175
Mich Cent.. 103 Col F& Iron 22',i
Minn &St L 27% Do prefd 77
Do Ist prefd 94 Gen Electric 82%
Mo Pacific 36% Haw Com Co 45
Mobile & Ohio 27 Illinois Steel 104
Mo X & T 11% Int Paper.. 6114
Do prefd 34' 4 Do prefd 91%
N J Central 88 Laclede Gas 48
N V Central 117% Lead 34%
H V Chi &St L.. 13% Do prefd 112%
Do Ist prefd 71c. Minn Iron .- 138
Do 2d prefd 35% Nat Lin Oil 6%
Xor West 15 Pacific Mail 38%
No Amer Co 6%, People's Gas 110%
No Pacific 40 Pullman Pal 139
Do prefd 71%! Silver Certificates. 60'^
Ontario & W 15', I Stand R & T.. .. 7
Or R& N 56 Sugar 122
Or Short Line 29 Do prefd .111%
Tar C Ist prefd... 80 TC & Iron 30%
Do 2d prefd 68 U S Leather 64
PlttFburg 172 I Do prefd 66%
Reading 16.; U S Rubber 42
Do Ist prefd -40141 Do prefd ...;.;.. 104V4
R G W 27 West Union 93%
Do. ]»refd 63 Fed Steel Co 31%
Rock Island. 108% Do prefd 74%
St Louis & S F.... 7%i Brook R T 68%
. CLOSING BONDS.
US 3s 105>,4iN J C 5s 113%
US new 4s reg... .127"*| North Carolina 65.12.">
Do coup 127>v Do 4s ........103
US 4s 111% ' No Pac lsts ......117
Do coup 113 1 Do 3s 68%
Do.2ds 95% Do 4s .- 101%
XJ S 5s re* :. 11214 N V C & St L 45.105^
Do 5s c0uj>'......113 Nor W6s 122
District 3 the 118% Northwest consols. l 42
Ala' class A 108 Do deb 5s 117%
Do B 105 - O Nay lsts 114
Do C ..........:..100 O Nay 4s . . 101%
-• Do ' Currency 100 O S Line 6s, term. 12314
Atchison 4s • 97% O.S Line 5s- term.lo. 11 * 1 !
; Do adj 4s ..74% Pacific 6s of 95. ,..102%
Can So 2ds 109% Reading 4s .... 83U
C & O 4' ? s 88 1 ,4jR.-G W lsts 90%
Chi Term 4s 91% St L & I M Con ss. 97%
C & Ohio 5s 116 St L& S F Gen 65.121
CHAD Vie 104% St P Con 160 *
X) * R O lsts.... 110 'St P C & P 15t5.. .120
D & R G.4s 99%; c DO r, 5 % win
Erie Gen 43 72* ISo-By 5s ... ... . - . 102%
F W & D lsts tr.. 78% Standard R * T _Gs. ,9
Gen Flee 5s 109 Tenn_new set 3s . 93V4
G H & S A 65. ...105 Tex Pac L G lsts.,lo*
Do 2ds 104 Do reg 2ds 47%
H&T Caa 110 Union I'ac 4s 101%
H i& con 6»:::::::.no upd & o ii B t».. 87%
lowa C lsts 105 Wabash Ist 5s ••••HI
La new consols 4s. 106 I Do 2dsv.. 91%
L & N Uni 45.... 93 |W Shore 4s IUVi
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries <8
MX & T Jde 63% Do deferred ..... 7
Do 4s 91 7 Wls Central lsts .. 62
NY Central lsts..Hß%l
CLOSING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 4 00
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 65 I
Con Cal & Va.... 1 10 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry .... 15 Do prefd 350
Hale & Norcross.. 1 00 i Sierra Nevada .... 1 00
Homestake 50 00 Standard ISO
Iron Sliver 70 Union Con 20
Mexican 20! Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— . iWestlngh Elec 36%
Call loans 2#3 Do prefd 67&
Time loans ..*...2V4@4iEd Elec Tel 195
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd ..164
A T & S Fe 16'4'Atchison prefd ... 46V4
Amer Sugar 122'b Bonds-
Do pretd 11l jAtchison 4s 97
Bay State Gas 2%.' Mining Shares-
Bell Tel 281 Allouez Mining Co. hVz
Boston Albany.. Atlantic 32 1 ,
Boston & Maine ..165 Boston & Mont ..239
Boston &' L 76 Butte & Boston 55»4
Chi Bur & Q 118% Calumet & Hec1a..640
Fltchburg 104^ Centennial 24
Gen Electric 82 Franklin 19%
Mexican Central .. 5 Old Dominion .... S4H
N V & N Eng.... 97 Osceola 73%
Old Colony 190 Qunlcy 140
Rubber 42 Tamarack 179
Union Pacific .... 34*4 1 Wolverine 82^4
West End 88 iParrott 27
Do prefd 110 iHumboldt 4ft
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. Money on call steady,
at 2@2V» per cent; last loan. 2V4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, BH@4*£ per " cent. Sterling
exchange, steady,- with" actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 85>»i<g:4 &SV: for demand and
$4 S2"*«4 S2 I for SO days; posted rates. $4 S3
and $4 S6 1*;1 *; commercial bills, $4 81@4 81«.. Sil
ver certificates, 60%@61*4c. Bar silver, 60% c.
Mexican dollars, 47'/ic. Government bonds,
strong; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds,
strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The activ
ity and strength of Americans was the only
feature in the stock market here to-day.
Americans opened good on Continental and
New York support. Berlin again supported its
specialties, notably Northern Pacific, sales of
which have suddenly ceased. The extent of
German buying of Americans, In view of the
rise of money rates there, Is somewhat sur
prising. Professionals here are also buying,
but there is no public support yet. Grand
Trunk was again bought from Montreal and
closed strong.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 21.— Wheat futures closed
firm. November, nominal; December, 6s %d;
March, 5s lO^d. :
LONDON, Nov. 21.— Spanish 4s closed at 41%.
PARIS, Nov. 21.— Spanish 4s closed at 42.05.
LONDON, • Nov. 21.— Canadian Pacific, 86%;
Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar Silver, quiet, 27 15-16 d.
Money, 2V«@2^ per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
36.050 barrels; exports, 26,090 barrels. Market
inactive but steady. Minnesota bakers S3@
3 25.
WHEAT— 226,625 bushels; exports,
247,391 . bushels. Spot firmer; No. 2 . red, 76?jc
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easier because
of big spring Wheat receipts and foreign sell
ing, but were subsequently firmer. Late points
of strength were higher cables, less peaceful
news regarding treaty negotiations at Paris j
and bullish Argentine news; closed hiQMc net j
higher. No. 2 red May, 71@711ic, closed 71 1 /ic.
HOPS— Firm. ■>
! METALS — easier turn to Tin was the only |
feature of to-day's doings In Metals. Transac
tions were very small and the outlook un
promising as regards renewed activity. News
at hand was of indifferent purport and the
general situation lacked interesting change or
stimulating features. At the close . the Metal '
1 Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet, with $7 10 bid !
: and $7 25 asked. -
LAKE COPPER— SI 280 bid and $12 90 asked.
TIN"— with $17 87% bid and $17 90 asked.
Plates steady.
LEAD— Very dull, with $3 67% bid and $3 72% I
i asked. The firm naming the settling price for
, leading miners and smelters at the West quotes |
', Lead at $3 50.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 15 bid and $5 25
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed firm with prices 5
points higher. Spot Coffee ßio steady; mild
steady.
SUGAR— Raw strong, holders demanding
higher prices. Fair refining, 4c; centrifugal, 96
test, 4 V§c;' molasses, 3"ic; refined strong and
higher; mold A, 5 9-16 c; standard and confec
tioners' A, 5 3-16 c; cut loaf and crushed, 5 13-16 c; '
powdered and cubes, 5 7-16 c; granulated, 5 5-16e. i
BUTTER— Receipts, 789* packages. Very firm. !
Western -creamery, 15%4j23V4c; Kleins, 23% c;
factory, llH@l4><.c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6717 packages. Very firm.
Western, 23' 2 c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 21.— California Dried
Fruits steady. .;, :-- • , i ;
EVAPORATED APPLES- Common, 7®Bc per
pound; prime wire tray, B@sV*c; choice, S%@9c;
fancy. 9%c.
PRUNES— 3%@IOc per pound, as to size and
quality. ■• - - ■■ - . • ■
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@Ue; Moorpark, 13@17c. !
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8%@12%c; peeled, 18@ |
20c per pound.
ELGIN BUTTER MARKET.
ELGIN, 111.. Nov. 21.— Butter," firm; offerings.
151 tubs. Sales, 116 tubs at 22c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Nov. — Some hesitation was j
shown by wheat traders at the opening, though i
no decline in prices was noticeable except a I
slight shading of December. There was a j
prospect of a large increase in the world's vis- j
ible, and Northwest receipts were heavy. Liv
erpool started . lower, but. by the. time trading
here commenced the Liverpool quotations show
ed an advance, except for December, In which
there stllll ar*-°ared a slight decline. The i
signs of weakness at the start quickly dis- ;
appeared and the market for an hour was quite j
strong. About 11 o'clock : the market became
very firm. Both Russian and Danublan ship- j
ments showed a marked falling off, an Increase ;
In world's shipments, being altogether due !
to the heavy American shipments, and this
fact encouraged buyers. Strength which was I
shown by the coarser grain markets also had
a good deal of effect on trading. After the
market again quieted down prices were well
maintained. The Argentina news was bear
ish, a large crop being promised. Toward the !
close the market became very strong. Reports
that the Spanish Commissioners had broken off \
peace negotiations drove shorts to cover, and i
prices advanced, the best prices of the day j
prevailing at the close. May Is Vi@%c higher, i
and December %c.
Corn was. active and higher, helped by the |
large shipments, higher cables and bad weather ■
West. The outside trade showed a large in
crease while local interest was much greater.
May, closed Vie higher.
Oats were unusually active and strong. Cash I
demand was excellent. Offerings were small j
i and everything was quickly taken. May closed I
i %c higher.
Provisions were only fairly active but firm.
The advance In corn and oats was the chief in
fluence, but there was a good local and ship
ping demand. At the close January pork was
B%c higher, lard 7%c higher and January ribs
5@7%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— V ._- ; -_-,• . .
November ••-. .... 67
December 66% 67% 66% 67%
May 6614 66% 66 66%
Corn, No. 2—2 —
November 33 33Vi S3 33>4,
December 33 33 V 4 33 83»4
May 34Vi 34% 34 34%
Oats, No. 2—
December 25% . 26 25% 26
May 25% 26% 25% 26% i
Mess Pork, per bbl —
December 790 790 780 785 |
January 9 02% 910 900 910
May 9 17% 930 9 17% 930
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December .. 4 92% 4»D 4 87U, 495
January ...4 97% 505 4 97% • 605
May ......: 9 17% 6 17% 6 12% 6 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December .'.. 4 55
January 4 67% 465 4 57% 465
j May 470 475 470 475
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet: No. 2 spring wheat, 62c; No. 3 spring
wheat. 63#65>.4c; No. 2 red. f. o. b., 69V4c; No. 2
corn. 33H©33%c: No. 2 oatg. f. o. b., 26>4'g-27c:
No. 3 white, f.0.b., 28Vi<S29c; No. 2 rye. 5144 c;
No. 2 barley, f.0.b., 38@49c; No. 1 flaxseed, 90^c;
prime ttmothy seed. $2 25; mess pork, per hbl,
$7 90@7 95; lard, per 100 lbs, $s@o 02%: short ribs
sides (loose), $4 65(34 85; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). $4 25@4 50; short >*r sides
(boxed). $4 K&* 95; whisky, distillers' finished
gi-iodo. per gallon, $1 25; sugar, cut loaf, 5.77 c;
granulated, 6.27 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12,000 IS.OOO
Wheat, bushels 11K.00O 24:..n00
Corn, bushels 183.000 1,103,000
Oats, bushels 380,000 220,000
Rye, bushels 14,000 3,000
Barley, bushels 101,000 96,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 14@22c; dairies, ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
12H@19c. Cheese quiet. B@9%c. \ Egg*, firm;
fresh. 20@21c. t. :
. WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
;::■-; Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 918,840 75,303
Duluth .......•....."...,.......■ 760.252- 667.841
Milwaukee 8.250 36.400
Chicago ..." ;..:....'...... 118,500 245,865
Toledo 36,234 92,000
St. Louis 105,000 110,000
Detroit 8.281 '. 8.493
Kansas City -...178.500 88,500
Totals . 2.133,863 1,322,429
Tidewater —
Boston ....„ 168.226 49.882
New York ..;....„. 226.625 . 247,391
Philadelphia . 21.98* ' 33,698
Baltimore 112,991 116.000
New Orleans 64,598
Galveston 197,316. . 112,000
Totals 717.142 623,669
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
• Wheat— ,■_••;: Dec. Mar.
Closing >........'.....:.... ....'.. % 6 10%
Opening ...6 ; ■%■ I 9V4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jaa.-Apl.
Opening 47 30 45 90
Closing .47 20 46 05
. Wheat— .
Opening 2156 2125
Closing 2165 2135
EASTERN-LIVESTOCK MARKET.
> CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Market
weaker and averaged 10c lower. Sales. of na
tive beef steers ranged from $3 90@4 26 for
common to $5@5 70 for good to' choice shipping
lots, the greater part of the offerings changing
ownership at $4 60@5 30; stockers and feeders
sold slowly at $3@4 40; best calves brought $6 75
@7; commoner grades, S3 B0@6; Western range,
$3 40@4 35.
HOGS— Were in good demand, and good
droves were taken at strong prices. The bulk
i of the hogs brought $3 2503 60, the - extreme
I range of sales being at $3 15@3 66; pigs sold
I at $2 40ij?3 35. largely at $2 90@3 25; the aver
age quality was very good. ' "
SHEEP— was a good general demand
for sheep and lambs and prices as a rule were
j firmer. Lambs were wanted at $3 50(g'4 for
! common up to $4 75@5 25 for good prime stock.
j Sheep sold at $2 25@3 25 for common up to
$3 604?4 10 for good to choice lots and a sale
was made of 129 head of prime Mexican 81
i pound yearlings at $4 60.
Receipts— 18.600; hogs, 89.000; sheep,
10,000. :'
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 21.— Receipts,
8000. Market weak to 10c lower. Native
steers, $4<B>s 10; cows and heifers, $1 25<g4;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 75; bulls, $2 26®
3 60.
Receipts 8000. Market steady to
strong; bulk of sales. $3 30@3 40: heavies, *3 30
&Z 45: packers and mixed, $3 25<§ > 3 40; lights,
$3 lf><&3 25; yorkers, S3 30<ri3 35; pigs $3@3 20.
SHEEP— 4000. Market firm; lambs,
$2 75® 5 25; muttons, $2 85@4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Nov. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000;
i market slow, beeves steady to 10c lower; others
I steady; choice cornfed steers. $s<g6 20; fair to
I good. $4 80<@5; cows, $2fg l 3 60; feeders, choice,
, $4<?H 20; fair, $3 60@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 3600. Shade higher; heavy,
; $3 30-93 35; light, $3 35@3 40; mixed, $3 32@3 35;
.' bulk, $3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6600. Weak and slow, very
! little doing.
DENVER.
DENVER, Nov. 21— CATTLE— Receipts, 1700.
Market quiet but steady; beef steers, $3 25@
4 25; cows, $3(g3 50; feeders, freight paid to
I river $3 25@4; stockers. freight paid to river,
$3 Bo@4 25: bulls, stags, etc., 12 25^3.
HOGS— Receipts, none. Market steady.
SHEEP-Receipts. 3000. Market steady and
uncho^-ed: good fat muttons, $3 75@4 25; lambs,
$4 25@4 75.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Nov. 21.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit were as follows: Cor
nlchon Grapes, $1 65® 1 65 single crate.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 21.— Consols. 110 S-16; Silver,
27 15-16 d; French rentes, iOlf 95c; Wheat car
j goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pass
age nominal unchanged; cargoes Walla Walla,
2Ss'6d; English country markets, quiet; Im
ports into U. X., Wheat, 276,000; Imports Into
U X Flour, 157,000; Wheat and Flour on
passage to I. X., 1,570.000; Wheat and Flour
on passage to Continent, 1,410,000; Indian ship
ments Wheat to U. X.. 320,000; Indian ship
ments Wh^at to Continent. 7000.
LIVERPOOL Nov. 21.— Wheat In Paris,
| steady; Flour In Paris, firm; French country
markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 l-32d.
CLOSING.
CORN— Spot, American mixed, firm, 3s lid.
i Futures steady; November, 3s lid; December,
3s 9%d ; March," 3s 7%d.
The imports of wheat into Liverpool during
| the week: From Atlantic ports, 91.600 quar
ters. From Pacific ports, none. From other
ports, 1000 quarters.
The imports of corn: From Atlantic ports,
27,800 quarters.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Nov. 21.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain In store and afloat for j
I the week ending Saturday, November 19. IS9B, !
. as compiled by the New York exchange. Is as
! follows: Wheat, 21,392,000 bushels: increase,
j 2,918,000. Corn. 23,239,000 bushels: decrease, 290,
000 Oats •", 756, 000 bushels; increase 257,000. Rye,
1.021,000 bushels. Barley, 3,789,000 bushels; In
crease. 434.000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 21.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, J296.505.W2; gold reserve,
$240,417,325.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 21.— Exchanges. $41*,
| 985; balances, $43,124.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 21.— Exporters still
quoting 59@60c for Walla Walla wheat to-day.
I but there are reports of 1 and even 2 cents |
more being paid for heavy weight, presumably |
for milling purposes, although the depressed
condition of the flour trade would hardly seem
i to warrant much above export prices for wheat.
I Valley and Blue Stem were quiet at 62@63c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 21.— Wheat, Club. 60c; Blue
Stem. 63@64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
; Sterling Exchange, 60 days — |4 83*4
i Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
i New York Exchange, sight — 15
1 New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
j Fine Silver, per ounce — «0%
I Mexican Dollars — 47Vk
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market was lower all around
and the predictions of rain rendered It addi
tionally weak.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 16V4@1 18%; mllllnr,
I $1 20® 1 23%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— May — 4000
ctle. |1 21%; 6000, $1 21%. December— 6oM, $1 17%;
10,000. $117%; 14,000, $1 17%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 21; 2000.
$120%; 2000, $120%; 30,000, $120%; 2000. $120%;
6000, $1 20%. December— 6ooo, $1 17; 20,000, $1 16%;
8000. $1 16%.
Regular Morning Session — May — 6000 ctls,
$120%; 2000, $120%. December— 6ooo, $116%;
6000. $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 204;
2000, $1 20%; 10,000. $1 20%. December— 2ooo.
$1 16%; 12.000, $1 16%.
BARLEY— The market continued dull at un
changed prices for Feed, but choice Brewing
1b quoted up to the top figure.
Feed, $1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 32%@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 30;
2000, $1 29V
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctl«, $1 29;'
2000. $1 29%; 2000. $1 29%.
OATS— No change reported In this market.
The demand is rather slower.
Fancy Feed. $1 27%@1 30 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 22>4@1 25; common, $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise, $1 36@1 42%; Gra-. $1 20<g)l 22%; milling,
$1 ;■:.•« 1 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40^1 47% ; Black. $1 60
@1 70.
CORN— Large yellow Is quoted higher. No
white here.
Small round yellow, $1 I.'<Sl 20; Eaßtern large
yellow, $1O5@1O7%; white, ; mixed, $102%
@1 05 per ctl; California White, .
RYE-Callfornla, $1 20; Eastern. $1 15®1 17%
per ctl.
BUCKWHFAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 64i0 barrels of
Flour.
F. OUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeai. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeai, $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 BO; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 Ss®6 25; In sacks, $5 65@« 05; Pearl
Barley. $5: Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
,HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is quoted weak again, owing to pre
dicted rain and larger receipts. The ether de
scriptions are unchanged.
BRAN— sls@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-RoUed Barley. |27 *er to««
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Job
bing, $32<g32 50; Cocoanut cake. $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50: Cracked Corn, $24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY-Wheat, $16 60(9)18 for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, 815® 17 50;
Oat, 514®16; Island Barley, $13@14; Alfalfa.
$10^12; Stock. $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy, $13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The Bean market is very nrm and white de
scriptions are tending upward. Colored are
steady.
Flaxseed Is scarce and higher.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 95@2 05; Small Whites, $2 15
@2 25; Large Whites, »1 85@1 95; Pinks, $1900
2 0:>; Reds $3 25: Blackeye, $3 50@3 75; Butters.
12@2 50; Limas. $3 25(g3 35; Pea, »215@2 25; Red
Kidneys, %2 40®2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25@4 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4 10; Flax. $2'f2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%(@2%c per lb: Alfalfa. 6%(57c; Rap*.
2>4(S2 : sic: Hemp, 2H@3c; Timothy, 6@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, ft 2o@l 40; Green. SI 60
61 76 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market for all kinds stands about the
same, trade l»eing slow.
POTATOES-30@40c for Early Rose and 35®
50c for River Burbanks; Salinae Burbanks, 75ci{j>
$1 10; Oregon. 70c@*l; Sweet Potatoes. 60<g90c
for nearby and $I@l 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes, l' I rs2c per lb.
ONIONS— 3O© SOc per ctl; Pickle Onions. 35@
s(v per ctl. ,
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@sc; String
Beans. 4@7c; Green Peppers, nominal; Cabbage.
40(g'50c; Tomatoes, 35(g60c; Garlic, 4@oc per lb;
D.led Okra, 10c per lb; Cucumbers, 50@60c;
Marrowfat Squash, $10@15 per ton; Carrots, 15
«j3sc per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c: Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND SAME.
Another car of Eastern Is selling at $8 50 for
Hens. 85 for old Roosteers, $5 50 for young
Roosters, 84 for Fryers and $3 60 for Broilers.
Arrivals of dressed Turkeys were light and
the market was rather higher in consequence.
There was no marked change in Game.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@17c; live
Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 12^@130 for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 25ff1l 75; Goslings,
11 60@l 75: Ducks. $4@6 for old and $4@6 for
youne: Hens, %$ 50@4 50; Fryers, S3 50@4; Broil
ers, J3 50 for large. $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons,
llSjl 25 per dozen for old and XI 75 for squabs.
GAME-
Quail, $1 50; Mallard. S3@4; Canvasback,
tta»i Sprig. J3@3 50; Teal, SI 50@2; Widgeon,
$150@2; Small Duck. $1 25@1 60: English
Snipe, $1 60; Jack Snipe, |1; Gray Geese,
$2 50®3; White Geese. lV(il 25;- Brant, $1 50@l 75;
Honkers, $4; Hare. Sl@l 25: Rabbits, $1256*160
for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs remain quiet and
undisturbed.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fanoy creameries, 23®24c; sec
onds, 20@22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, 15@17V4c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 18@20c; pickled roll,
19{j21c; creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16V4c per
lb; Elgin, 22ig22Hc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, BVi@
9V4c; Cream Cheddar, lffllc; Young America,
lOH'frllHc; Eastern, I2(?13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 40©42Vjc per dozen: me
dium Eggs. ZZ<i?3lhic; Eastern. 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27H'@28Hc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Arrivals of new Oranges, while not large,
are accumulating and the market la easy.
Limes are unchanged. Choice Lemons are
firm.
Cranberriea are higher, as stocks are greatly
reduced.
Receipts of Berries were meager.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3 60(&5 per chest for large and
for small.
Huckleberries, s®6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, $8 50® 10 per barrel for Eastern
and $1 75® 2 23 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes. 35<S60c per box; crates sell about 10c
higher than boxes.
Raspberries, per chest.
Apples, 36(&60c for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 50<£2.
Pears— soc<§ $1 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $3@4
per box; Seedlings. $1 SO'S2 50; Lemons, Jl@2 for
common and $2 50@4 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, $4® 4 uO; California Limes. 25c@$l
per small box; Qrape fruit, $4@5; Banana?,
$1 60®2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, S^c for 40-50' s. 4^4
©5c for 60-60' s, -3%c for 60-70' s, 3c for 70-80' s,
24c for 80-90' s, 2c . for 90-100' s and lftc
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2H©sc; Peaches,
6®7Vic for good to choice, 7V4@Bc for fancy and
10®i2VsC for peeled; Apricots, 10<gl2c for Royals
and 12@12^c for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
"V*<&^c; sun dried, 44f4Vjc; Black Figs, sacks,
2©2Vsc; Plums,, 4^@6c for pitted and l^lVjc for
unpitted; Nectarines, 6(g7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 6(g"c for quarters and SfflSc for halves.
RAISINS — 3*ic for two-crown. A%c for three
crown. 5%c for four-crown, 5V»©6V4c for Seedleas
Sultanas, 4>ic for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2^ig3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, B<&l2V»c per lb; Walnuts,
6<g7c for hardshell, B@9c for softshell; Almonds,
6@7c for hardshell; 13c for softshell, 14<gl5c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and *W(P
6c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5.
HONEY-Comb, 10@llc for bright and B@9o
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6V4@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sVio
24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ~\bc per lb for
heavy. 8c for light medium, 10c for light, I0H«
for extra light and 12<S12Vic for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams. 9®&Vsc; Mess Beef. $10® 10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. Ul@ll 50; Family Beef, $12®
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18<{<i
18 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted at 6%c per lb
for compound and fi%'S7c for pure; palls, 7Hc;
California tierces, 4«l4ijrsc per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7%c; 5-lb tins, 7%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, s%@6^c; packages
less thah 300 lba, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case. 9^c;
3-lb palls, 20 In a case, B%c; 6-lb palls, 12 In a
case, B>4c; 10-lb pails. 6 In a case, &%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, B^c; light 8c; Cowhide?,
B@BUc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. B%c; Calf, BV4c;
dry Hides, sound, ISc: culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool, 30@
40c each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool, 90cg$l 10
each; Horse Hides,, salt, $1 75©2 for large ami
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry. $150
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V4C per lb; No. I,
2%c; refined. 4Ht?4%c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9(fi'llc; Pan Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', 8@10c; Foothill and Northern, free.
12'gl4c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 10(fJ
12c; Middle County, 13@JBc; Humboldt and Men
doclno, 14<7?16c; Nevada. 10@14c: Eastern Ore
gon, 10@12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 11®1J
Northern mountain 9<f?»H
Mountain B@lO
Plains 6@ 9
HOPS— IB9B crop. 13@17c per lb. •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market remains as previously quoted.
Hogs are quieter, as the packers are well
stocked and are not buying.
Wholesale rates from slaughterera to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6<4@7c; choice, 7%c;
second quality. 6c: third quality, 4^®s'4c.
VEAL— Large. 7(SBc; small, 7<g>BMiC per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers. B@BVic; Ewes. 7V4@Bc.
LAMB— BVa@«" per lb.
PORK— Live Hoers, 4@4V4c for large, iV*®* I**1 **
for medium and 3*.iig3Hc for small; stock Hogs,
2Vx@3c; dressed Hogs. 6@7c for prime.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%®5c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentln Bags, $4 83; Fruit Bags, sc, 5V4c and
&a^o for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $f>; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $10
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite EKg. $14;
Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote?, terms net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed, B%c; Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Confec
tioners, A. 6^c; California A, 5%c: Masnolla A,
6Hc: Extra C, 6c; Golden C. 4%c; half- barrels,
more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
CORDAGE— ManiIa is lower at 9%c basis.
The other descriptions are unchanged.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market for mining: shares was dull and
quotations were not materially changed from
Saturday.
Transactions on the Bond Exchange contin
ued heavy. Hutchinson Sugar sold up to 165H,
Hawaiian Commercial sold within the range of
$47<?48< though there was less activity In the
stock. Gas and Electric declined to $84%, and
Mutual Electric was Irregular at $14%@1«.
Giant Powder sold from $58 down to $56%.
The Alta and Mexican assessments or 6 and
10 cents per share will be delinquent In their
respective offices to-day.
Exploratory work will soon be resumed In the
Kentuck Consolidated mine.
The North Gould & Curry Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 10 cents per share,
delinquent December 20.
The Armona Orchard and Vineyard Company
of King's County has levied an assessment of
$5 per share, delinquent December 28.
The Victor Gold Mining Company of Colorado
has declared a quarterly dividend of 35 cents
and an extra dividend of 15 cents per share,
payable December 2. The operations of the
mine for the quarter ending- September 30, 1898,
show $159,561 net from ore sales and $68,363 net
after expenses; dividend payments, $100,000; de
ficit, $31,637; cash on hand September 30, $99,
148. agains*-$130,75; June 30.
The report of the operations In the Sierra
Nevada mine for the week ending November
19 is as follows: The northwest drift from the
station at the 140 foot level of the shaft was
advanced 52 feet, making: a total of 347 feet;
face In porphyry and clay. 900 level — The west
crosscut from the raise 60 feet above this level
was advanced 4 feet; total 14 feet; face In
porphyry. At this point we reached the foot
wall and stopped the crosscut. Have resumed
work In the raise and carried the same up 6
feet, total height 75 feet; top in porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Nov. 21—10:30 a. m.
Uni.A.-k. Bld.Ask.
U 6 Bonds— S F G & E.... 84% —
4s quar c0up.. 112 113 San Fran — 3%
4s quar reg... .11114111% Stockton Ga».. — 16
4» quar new... 127 127Va Insurance —
3s quar c0up. ..10a%106 Firem's Fund. 2o9 —
Miscellaneous — Vater Stocks —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Contra Costa.. 60 64
Cal Xl as 125 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55. ..100%— Spring Valley. lol 10J
Pup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .130 — Anglo-Cal 63 64
F&CI Ry 65.114 — Bank of Ca1... 250 252^4
Geary-st X 6s. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
HC & S 6^8.. 101 105 First Natlonl.2lo 215
L A L Co tis. - 100 Lon P & A. ...132 132tf
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65... 129. — Nev Nat U....175 177H
Do Ist M 65.115%116}4 Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75. 108 — Ger S & 2-i..1€25 1*» '
N Ry Cal 65. .113% — Hum c & L.1050 1160
N By Cal 55..10474 — Mutual Say. 35 46
NPC R R 65.103 — S"F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R X 55.100%101 6fc L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 SSO
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Union T C 0.1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126V4 — Street Railroad*—
P&CI Ry 6s. — 107 California ....108^6 —
P & O 83 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 65tt 66
6ac El Ry 55. 100 — Presidio » 19
6 F & N P 6s. 110% — Powder—
PierraßCal 65. 104^105% California ....IJS 145
SPof Ar 65.. 109 — |E Dynamite... 85 —
S P Cal 65. ...111% — Giant Con Co. 56% 67%
SPC Is eg 55. .101 — Vlgorlt 2% i%
B P Br 6s 116 — Miscellaneous—
S V Water 6s. 118% — Al Pac A55n.,103%104
S V Water 45. 102% — Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
B V W45(3dm).101% — Hana P C 0.... 17 17%
Btktn Gas 65.. 100 — HC & S Co.. 48% 45%
Gas & Electric— Hutch 8 P Co. 6614 65%
Cent Gaslight. los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent LAP... 9% 12 Oceanic S C 0.61%. 61% 62%
Mutual El Co. 13 14>i Pac A F A... 19k Ihi
Oakland Gas.. 51 62% Pac C Bor C 0.106 —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 86Vi Par Paint Co. 714 —
Pac L Co 474 —
Morning Session.
10 Bank of California 260 00
60 Giant Powder Con 58 00
60 Giant Powder Con 67 75
20 Giant Powder Con 57 50
30 Giant Powder Con 57 25
20 Giant Powder Con 67 00
25 liana Plantation Co 17 25
5 Hana Plantation Co 17 12%
165 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 48 25
90 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 48 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 47 00
S7O Hutchlnson S P Co 65 00
5 Market Street Railway 55 75
20 Mutual Electric Light 14 50
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
60 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
30 Mutual Electric Light 15 75
10 Mutual Electric Light 16 00
60 Oceanic S S Co 61 25
25 Oceanic S S Co 6150
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 25
15 Spring; Valley Water 101 50
Street—
$3000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortge)..lol 50
Afternoon Session.
35 Giant Powder Con 67 00
35 Giant Powder Con 56 75
65 Giant Powder Con ot 50
10 Giant Powder Con 56 87%
30 Giant Powder Con 66 62*
165 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 48 25
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 48 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, s 30. 48 00
$14,000 Market St Cable 6 per cent bonds. 129 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 65 00
40 Hutchlnsnn S P Co 65 50
60 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
3f> Mutual Electric Light 15 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 14 50
10 Mutual Electric Light 14 25
15 Oakland Gas v. 62 00
5 Oceanic 8 S Co 61 50
45 Oceanic 8 S Co 61 25
28 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
115 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
50 Spring Valley Water, s 10 10150
$20,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortge).lol 50
$10,000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 25
Street—
150 S V Water, 8 10 101 60
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
150 Central Light & Power 9 50
100 Central Light & Power 9 62%
! 25 Market Street 66 00
Afternoon Session.
50 Central Light & Power 9 87%
60 Central Light & Power 10 00
40 Giant 67 12ft
25 Giant 67 00
15 Mutual 15 00
76 Mutual 15 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 161200 Occidental ES
'200Arta 05 100 Occidental 64
300 Belcher 25 100 Ophir 70
3 r o Best & Belcher. 38 100 Overman 06
400 Challenge 18 i 100 Savage 20
700 Con Cal 4 Va.l 30 15501 550 Sierra Nevada.. lls
100 Crown Point .. 20 300 Sierra Nevada.. l2o
300 Hale & Norcrs.l 20 200 Union Con 32
600 Juptice -.... 25! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 21
100 Mexican 2'.<j 100 Yellow Jacket.. 22
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 15 200 Gould ACurry. 20
200 Alta 14 : 100 Occidental 59
600 Belcher 251200 Ophlr n
100 Best & Belcher.. 3S ; 2rtO Overman 06
600 Chollar 26ilOOPotosi 16
100 Con Cal & Va.l 25 400 Scorpion 05
306 Crown Point .... 21 200 Utah 16
300 Crown Point ... 221 100 Yellow Jacket .. 22
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Alpha Con 04: 700 Mexican 31
900 Alpha Con .... 05 ! lion Mexican 30
700 Belcher 26; 600 Ophir 70
200 Best & Belcher. 40! 200 Ophir 71
400 Best & Belcher. 38 200 Ophir 73
200 Caledonia 25' 300 Overman 07
600 Chollar 25 600 Potosi 18
200 Chollar 26 500 Savage 23
300 Con Cal & Va..l 30 500 Scorpion 05
300 Con Cal & Va..l 35 200 Sierra Nevada. l V)
200 Confidence 67 200 Sierra Nev...l 17i£
200 Confidence 68 300 Sierra Nevada. 1 20
200 Confidence 69 800 Sierra Nevada. 1 25
40 Confidence 65 10 Sierra Nevada. l 15
200 Gould & Curry. 19 200 Silver Hill 06
1500 Justice 25 300 Union Con 13
300 Justice 24 400 Utah 17
300 Justice 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha Con .... 04 200 Ophir 70
*00 Alta 15 300 Overman 07
400 Belcher 2? 500 Savage 21
200 Chollar 251150 Sierra Nevada. .l 20
160 down Point 21 200 Sierra Nevada.l 17>4
20(i Gould & Curry.. 19 400 Union Con 33
200 Hale & Norcrs.l 2."> 400 Utah 15
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, November 21.
Flour, qr sks 7,7S9|Straw. tons 5
Wheat, ctls 3,3951 Hay. tons S2B
Barley, ctls 1.035' Leather, r0115.... 98
Oats, ctls 2.620, Quicksilver. Hks. 170
Cheese, ctls 14 Brandy, gals 6,417
Butter, ctls IS6 Wine, gals 68,200
Beans, sks 1,500 Lime, bbls 135
Potatoes, sks 5.553 Lumber, ft 70,000
Onions, 5k5...:... 1,361 Raisins, bxs 1.79*
Middlings, sks... 340 Eggs, doz 6,510
Bran, sks I.l6siHides, no 369
Shorts, sks 500 i
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 4,529, 5h0rt5, sks 1,000
Barley, ctls 3.77o (Wheat, ctls 3, 30-)
Oats, ctls 2,340 Hops, bales 18
Potatoes, sks 1. 837 j Hay, tons 10
Bran, sks 3.2001
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10!
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Denis Mahony (incompetent, :by
John Rourke, guardian) •to - William B. Brad
bury, lot on W line of Polk street, 87:6 N of
California, N 25' by W -81:3; $9000.
Caroline Wilson to Ludwig H. Hansen. lot
on W line of Van Ness avenue, 57 - N of Union
street. N 33. W 82:6, SW 36. SE 17, E 105; $3300.
Michael Molloy to Mary Molloy (wife), lot on
8 line of Lombard street, 156:3 E of Buchanan
E 25 by S 137:6; gift.
Albert C. Hamton to Mary A. Hamton, un
divided twentieth interest in lot on NW corner
of O'Farrell and Mason streets. N 30 by W 80.
quitclaim deed; $10. ■..;..; i
Charles W. and Nancy G. Randall to F. B.
and F. B. Grander Jr., • lot on S line of Ellis
street, 165 W of Taylor, W 27:6 by 8 137:6
$13,000. . ■". ■ , ,
Annls Merrill to Charles, Josselyn, lot on NW
line of Howard street, 91:8 SW of Steuart. SW
45:10 by NW 137:6, quitclaim deed; $5.
William and Margaret McCormlck to ■ Louis
Schoenberg, lot on S corner of First and Stev
enson streets. EE 40 by. SW 80; $10. ;
Hannah Schwartz (wife of H.). Rosa Neuman
(wife of'Gustav) and Llllie Schooken (wife of
A, formerly Keller) to Rose Teaney, lot on BE
line of Minna street, 235 SW. of Third, also 205
SE of Mission, SW 20 by SE 70; $10.
■ Rachael Ool<Jtree (Keller, wife of I.) to same,*
same; $10. .•'..-. - ■.-' ■
-, John. ■ Margaret and Michael . Dunne to same,
same! $1900. . j..:r: r
■ Louis Seliz to Nathan. BniftOcraaU and Mich
ael Franceschinl, 105 leases 210, lot on E line
of Sixth street, 100 N of Bryant, N 23. E 90, S
27, W 24. N 4-6. W 36; also 109 leases 132, same,
quitclaim deed; $1.
Nathan, Moses, Esther and Abraham Rosen
crantz to Michael France.^chini. lot on NE
line of Sixth street, 75 NW of Bryant, NW 75
by NE 160; $2938.
Potrero Land Improvement Company to vv il
11am Anderson, lot on W line of Indiana street,
100 N of Twenty-second (Sierra), N 25 by Vi
100; grant.
Electa E. Caswell to Wlllard V. Huntlngton.
lot on W line of Twentieth avenue, 125 S of A
street, S 50 by W 120; also lot on S line of A
street, 82:6 E of Twenty-third avenue, E 50
by S 100; $10.
Louis and Rose Lipman to W. E. Grant, lot
on N line of I street, 70 E of Twelfth avenue,
E 25 by N 100; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to Mary V. and Edward
B. Sweeney, lot on W line of Tenth avenue,
250 N of M street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Martin Noone to John J. Fleming, lots 33
and 34, block 6. Lakevlew; $10.
Harvey D. and Georgle S. Talcott to The
McCarthy Company (a corporation), lot 29,
block 2, Lakevlew; $200.
Louis H. Isham to Margaret M. and Charles
S. Amsler, lot on N line of Montana street, 175
E of Capitol, N 125 by E 25, lot 6, block V.
Railroad Homestead: $50.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mary E. Mavers,
lot on SE line of Athens street, 275 SW of Bra
zil. SW 25 by SE 100, block 73, Bxcelsior Home
stead: $10.
Mary, Thomas, Catherine. Annie, Rose. Em
ma. James W., Fannie and Joseph Lawler to
Edward Meeks. lot 2, block 116. University
Mound Tract, quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate of Cornelius Lynch (minor) by John
Lynch (guardian) to Michael Lynch, undivided
M of lot on S line of Kingston avenue. 92 W
of Mission street. W 26 by S 106:4. lot 10 of
John Wingston Map 2 of Preclta Valley Lands;
$250.
Alameda County.
Mary A. and Fred Andres to Anna C. Stew
art, lot on E Una of Linden street, 166 N of
Twenty-fourth, N 38 by E 125. block X, Map
of Survey of, Northern Extension of Oakland,
subject to a mortgage for $1250, Oakland; also
property in Inyo County; $100.
John and Mary Ferguson to George Burbeck,
lot on E line of Ruby street, 187 N of Moss
avenue, N 25 by E 100, being lot 16, block — ,
Oakland Railroad Homestead, subject to mort
gage, Oakland Annex; $10.
Miller & Lux (a corporation) to Franoesco
Banduccl, lot 1 on map of subdivision of lot 8,
block F, Vernon Park, Oakland Annex; 1275.
Albert Meyer to Richard Moore, lot on N line
of Addlson street, 200 E of California, E 50 by
N 138. being lot 2. Range 11, Hardy Tract, war
ranty Deed, Berkeley; $10.
Central Pacific Railroad company (a corpora
tion) to Charles and Annie M. Schoenlng. lot
22, block G, Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $265.
Frank H. Pollard to F. S. Morse, lot 24.
block A, lots 19 and 20, block G, Amended Map
of Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
James and Rosle Slattery to James Wood,
lot on SW corner of lands of Wallace and
county road at a post described in deed dated
November 20. 1891, made by S. H. Reno (ad
ministrator of the estate of Chauncey P. Reno)
to Chauncey B. Reno, thence NW 7.46 chains,
SW 4.205 chains, SE 3.73 chains, NE 36 links,
SE 8.73 chains', NE 3.845 chains, to beginning,
Brooklyn Township; $2000.
Emily M. Page to Francis S. Page, lot on
N line of Eleventh street. 50 E of Madison, E
60 by N 100. block 165, Oakland; gift.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographie
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
martnert without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navlgitors are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving, the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. 8. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22.
Sun rises $:M
Sun sets 4:54
Moon sets 1:19 a. m.
I
 •■ '
0:09
1:01
1:47
2:30
3:11
3:50
H W
I.'
2 '
' 6:1
8:
8:
9::
10:'
LA
. 4:
r,.:
1:
2:
7:23
8:36
9:38
10:38
11:32
4.2
4.3
4.3
4.3
4.3
6.0 4:31
6.9 5:13
H W
S.l| 10:39
: ...
NOTE— In the aoove exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there am but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundlrvgs on the
T'nlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slam (— ) precedes the height.
•nd then the number given is subtracted from
the .depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower l^w waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Progreso
Columbia
Del Norte
Empire
Homer I
Navarro (
Orizaba
Walla Walla....
Mackinaw
Pomona
Slam
Cleveland
North Fork |
State California
Santa Rosa
Samoa
ChHkat i
Coos Bay
Arcata
Titanta
Leelanaw
O«o. W. Elder..!
Umatilla I
Corona I
Chan. Nelaon... j
seams
Portland
ICrescent City
[Coos Bay —
ICoos Bay
[Yaqu.na Bay
Newport '■
Victoria & Puget Sound
Tacoma
Humboldt
Nanalmo |
Puget Sound
IHumboldt
[Portland
|Nov. 22
Nov. 22
Nov. 2J
Nov. 22
Nov. 22
Nov. 22
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 24
Nov. 24
Nov. 24
Nov. 25
Nov. 25
Nov. 25
Nov. 26
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
I Nov. 27
:Nov. 28
•Nov. 28
[Nov. 29
Nov. 29
[San Diego
IHumboldt Bay
iHumboldt
[Newport
Coos Bay
Nanalmo
I Seattle
(Portland
(Victoria & Puget Sound
|San Diego
ttlp
in PI
attle
[Seattle
STEAMERS TO SAIL..
Destination.
ueen I Vic & Pgt Sd.
Nov. 22. 10 am ' Pier 9
Nov. 22, 2 pmlPter 13
Nov. 22, 10 am! Pier 13
I Nov. 22, 10 am | Pier 13
Nov. 23. 11 amiPler 11
Nov. 23, 1 pm|PMSS
Nov. 24. 10 amiPier 24
Nov. 24, 10 amjPler 13
Nov. 25, 9 am i Pier 11
Nov. 25, 2 pmiPter 9
Nov. 27, 10 am; Pier 24
Nov. 27, 11 am Pier 11
Nov. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Nov. 28, 12 mlPMSS
Nov. 29, 9 am Pier 11
Nov. 29,
! Nov. 29. 1 pm PMSS
! Nov. 30. 10 am 'Pier 14
Mlkat ...jHumboldt ....
rcata iCoos Bay I
'eeott lYaquIna Bay.|
irona |San Diego
lantung ..'Chlna&Japan
jlumhia ..Portland
oraer j Coos Bay
rlzaba jNewport
nmona ... Humboldt
ate of Call Portland
inta RosaJSan Diego
'alia WalllVlc & Pgt Sd.
ty Sydney'Panama
ins Bay...! Newport
eveland . iPuget Sound..
iptic 'China & Japan
\V. Elder* Portland I
TIME BALL.
Branch Hyd.-ographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 21, IS9B.
The time ball on t-e tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, November 21.
Br stmr Coptic, Sealby, 27 days 4 hours 31
mm from Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days 7
hours 6 mln. via Honolulu 6 days 1 hour 47
mm.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen. 20 hours from TJsal.
Coos Bay.
Stmr Bonlta, Nieolson, 48 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Alcatras. Carlson, 62 hours from New
port.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, 48 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 4% days from Ballard.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 60 hours from San
Diego.
Schr Alcalde, Weitkunat, 7 days from Ev
erettt.
Schr Relance, Bte4nborn. days
Schr Maksoutoff, Morch, 18 days from Una
laska.
CLEARED.
Monday, November 21.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr George W Elder Hlnkle, Astoria; O
R & N Co.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Jahnsen, Seattle; E
T Kruse.
SAILED.
Monday, November 21.
Stmr Sunol, Jacobs.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, Tlllamook.
Stmr Brunswick, Andresen.
Stmr Scotia, Thompson. Eureka.
Stmr South Portland, Patnn. Astoria.
Stmr Pharles Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay. Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Hlnkle. Astoria.
Ship Eclipse, Peterson, Puget Sound.
Br ship Star of Russia. Roberts, Portland.
6chr Gem, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Bowena Landing.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen.
Schr Fortuna, Rosieh, Eureka.
Schr Sparrow, Part. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 21—10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind. W; velocity. 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Encore loads lumber at Grays Harbor for,
Salaverry, 47s 6d; George C I'erkins, redwoca^.
at Eureka for Sydney; Perseverance, wheat at
Portland for Europe. 32s 6d.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Nov 21— Schr Prosper
arrived from Haiphong, and reports Oct 28
sighted a large four-master] bark. Thinks she
had painted ports, but not positive, seemed
cray in color. Position, lat 143 30 E, long 34 N.
She was a double topgallant yard vessel, and
seemed to have no royals. Heading NE. Pre
vailing winds S, and very strong with large
sea running. Captain thinks by description
Laurelbank.
SPOKEN.
Nov 15— Lat 50 N long — W. Br ship Zln
lta, from Antwerp ,for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WILLIPA HARBOR- Sailed Nov 21— Schr
Nov 31-Schr
Mary Etta, for Pan Francisco.
EUREKA- Arrived Nov 21 T <<;hr Bertie Mi
nor, from San Pedro; stmr North Fork, hence
* Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Hueneme, for San Fran-
C '-SAN PEDRO— « -rived Nov 21— Schr Salva
tor, from Grays Harbor.
VENTURA— SaiIed Nov 21— Stmr Geo Loomla,
for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Nov 21— Schr La Chilena,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Scotia, hno
Nov 19; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro; schr
John A. hence Nov 15.
Sailed Nov 21— Schr Llszle Vance, for Byd-
PORT ANGELES-Sailed Nov 21-Bark Car
rollton, from Moodyvllle. for Adelaide.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 21— Scnr r»or
ma. from Port Blakeley. /*•„•»•
VENTURA— Nov Stmr lieorg»
Loomis. hence Nov 20. ovi- /-.__-»
CLALLAM BAT-In port Nov 21— Ship Co-J
lumbfa. from Tacoma, for San Francleco.
PORT ANGELES— In port Nov 21— Bark Car
rollton. from Moodyvllle. for Adelaide.
"outh BEND— Sailed Nov 21— Schr Lucy.
Arrived Nov 21— Bark Aureola, hence Not 4.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov Stmr Leelenaw,
hence Nov 17. _
Sailed Nov Ship W H Macy, for San
Francisco. , _
CLALLAM BAT— In port Nov 21— Ship Co
lumbia, from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— port Nov 21— Bark Car
rolton. from Moodyville. for Adelaide.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Nov 20 — Scnr
Prosper, from Haiphong. ».«-/— 1
CASPAR— Arrived Nov 20— Schr Abbie. henc«
Palled Nov 21— Schr Maxim, for San Fran-
Ci FORT Arrived Nov 21— Schr La Chil
ena, hence Nov 18. »» _ »i a-»,_
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Nov 21-Schr
B^ve! r N^i-Tch^Ma^ a F!l?rhenc, Nor •
1? EURE A e^ive h d n Nov °^mr Pomona.
h TACOMA-Sailed Nov 20-Schr Sequoia, for
SI?EWPORT-ArrivedS I?EWPORT-Arrived Nov 20-Schr Jam.. H
B FORT BRAGGIs BB < d el N'ov 21-Stmr Ooonm.
River, for San Francisco. Nov 19-Schr
Lam May. HARBOR- Pedro: . ««^^
Laura May. from San Pfdro: "^ . Maw f ce * m , a '
from Honolulu. Nov &-*<* r BB M 1M 1 of Or
leans, from San Diego: bktn Arago, from Hono
olulu schr C T Hill, from V»ntura: schr Pio
neer, hence Nov. 6; schr Jennie Stella, from
R p d ORT°"BLAKELET-Arrlved Nor 21-Schr;
Challenger, from Port Harford; bark Topgal^.
la Sailed n Nov 21— Schr Norma, for Port Gamble?!
COOS BAT— Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Empire, for
Ban Francisco. Nov Jl— Haw stmr
POINT REYES— Passed Nov 71— Haw stmr
Ban Mateo, from Port Angeles, for Comox.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 20— Ship Oeor»«
Stetson, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KAHULUl— Arrived Nov 9— Brig Larilne, hrio
Oct 27. Nov 12— Schr H C Wright, hence Oct
27
Sailed Nov Schr Ethel Zane. for Olympta.
ov 12— Schr Defender, for Port Blakeley.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Ooct 22— Br ship Iranian
for Royal Roads. ' '_ij : . M
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oct Rus Btmr Kotlo
from Hakodate. I
Sailed Nov Rus stmr Kotic. for Nagasaki -j
SYDNEY— Nov 21— Ship M P Grace,
for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Mariposa,
hence Nov 4; Haw bark Andrew Welch. henea
Oct 22: ship Occidental, from Departure Bay.
Nov Schr Robert Lewe— from Port Lud
low: stmr Pennsylvania, hence Nov 8: sloop
"Volante. hence Oct 16: ser- Allen A, from Eu
reka. Nov 13— Stmr City of Puebla, hence Nov.
6* schr C S Holmes, from Seattle; bark 8 O'
Allen, hence Oct 30. Nov 14— Bktn Echo, from
Newcastle. NSW.- _, ._
Sailed Nov Stmr Indiana, for Manila; Br
ship Grenada, for Royal Roads: schr Okano
gan for Port Townsend. Nov 10— Stmr Mari
posa. for Sydney: stmr Zealandla, for Manila:
stmr Arizzona. for Manila: Br bark Buteshire, j ■
for Oregon; bark Martha Davis, for San Fran-
Cisco: schr Report, for Port Townsend; bktn:
W H Dimond, for San Francisco. Nov 12 — 1
Bark Ceylon, for Tacoma: bktn Irmgard. for
San Francisco.
CHEMAINT'P— Nov I»— Bktn John
Smith, from Neah Bay; Br bark Helen Denny,
from Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE. Arrived. Nov 14—
shin Cardigan Castle, to load for San Fran
cisco. '■ • *
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 18— Br stmr Warrlmoo,
from Vancouver.
ACAPTTLCO— SaiIed Nov 11— Stmr San Bias, A
for San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway ,
SHb^^. wharf, San Francisco:
lOB3BBW For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
IW^^& Nov. 2. 7. 12, 17, 22. 27, Dec S.
HTBKnKa transfer at Seattle.
E^SBwi For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
flSßWfcflHßl C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
'^^^EF^M Tacoma, Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
m.. Nov. 2, 7, 12, 17, 22. 27.
Dee 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
th lnr a "Kfttita Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. ;
Calicos! Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
o.vwTff' int. Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. I
Pe'dro^East lan Pedro (Los Angeles) j and j
•VewDort 9 a. m., Nov. 1, 5, 9, 13. 17. a, * a, i
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohlspo). Santa Barbara. Port
5r 4shr ?n? nd ii Xl s 01l s > %r« J !°g2?\ u Ji
eV^KnBi ay MaX"naßay. San Jose del
dbo Mazatffn.' AltataT La Paz. Santa Rosalia
Sd Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of every
"p-or^urther information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date.
"JricSSn? OinOi-1 New Montgomery
'SaLuVeRKINS & CO.. Gen Art.
UUVJIJ 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO X
PORTLA 2>TD
From Spear-street Wharf at ,10 a. . m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth*
Infl I. $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3, 12, 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6. 15, 24. Dec. 1.
State of California sails Nov. 9. IS, 27, Dec. 6.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the * Northwest.
..Through tickets, to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
• - 630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic
. (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .■■^.^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <*K2>
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. North «JWmPrrii
River, foot of Morton street.
| LA BRETAGNE Nov. 24
LA TO\'RAINE Dec 3
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE.. Dec. 24
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction en round trip. Second class to
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERA!. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES *
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. ____^^_
.^yWßfflJ ß| ilflgK sails via Honolulu and
W i-flfa £ * Auckland for Sydney;
fM OP 91 MBA The S. S. November;
f3EjlHlE,satlB via Honolulu and
l»t""""W Auckland for Sydney
■ «^ Wednesday. November
liiKMSll'D^ 30 s at s° "Australia •
GfltaillJlllU 1 - sails for Honolulu
vSp*^ ftjHIBDIZH-* Wednesday, December
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa. ■
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
. . 114 Montgomery st. J
Freight office— 327. Market st.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. 0 '
''■''' ."'.' Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat... ."..
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Xhura.)
Fridays " .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
5unday5............ 10:30 ,a. m. ' and -i- p. m.
1 Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 4. I
Telephone Main 1508. .INVESTIGATING
THE HARBOR
MANAGEMENT
The New Depot an
Expensive Luxury.
SENATE COMMITTEE INQUIRY
COST OF WATER FRONT ADMIN
ISTRATION INCREASING.
Figures Showing June Receipts and
Disbursements Since 1891 — The
Purchasing Agent's Office
Excites Interest.
Trp committee of the State Senate ap
; ■'! at the last session of the Legis
ln\ • the management of
eld two sessions yes
sw depot.
• ruing affairs of the
ira engaged the at
itor Dickinson of Contra
Marin counties and Senator
resenting Nevada, Sierra and
unties. It was observed that
man of El Dorado and
3 nator Boyce of
: • and Ventura counties were
if. As a ruk' the constituents
S< na'tors representing rural dis
i- ye that the farmers are
■ ■ taxed for the money which wns
. li thi i instruction of the de
ire 1 nc< rn< d to know
money was properly dist
Is not understood in rural cir
cles that tolls on Sa-a i<*rancisco commerce
r the structure and also pay for the
c of wharves and docks.
J. J Keegan, who was appointed secre
tary of the Harbor Commission in IS9O
and who has served in that capacity ever
bince then, replied to many questions pro
pounded by Senators Dickinson and
Prisk. The replies and the figures
presented brought to light the somewhat ;
t interesting but not startling intelligence I
that the expenses of water-front admin
istration have steadily increased from
year to year since ISai, while there has
been no increase, but on the contrary a j
decrease; in the annual revenues derived
from the wharves and privileges.
The pay-rolls, for example, indicate
June disbursements for maintenance as
follows: 1S91; $15,947; 1892, 117,275; 1893. '.
$16,177; 1894, $17,277; 1*95, $17,091; 189t>, $18,031; I
" 1897, $19,570; 1898. $22,312.
in another form the figures for June of i
each year were taken to show the amount .
received; the amount expended and the
amount remitted to the State Treasury.
Sent to State
Year— Received. Expended. Controller.
ISJ2 148,437 $23,526 J24.911
IS^a 4b.2i>o 24.606 23,6*3
18S4 45,272 2*5,447 18,824
18S5 45,204 23,435 16,768
18.* V '..'...'.'. 43.74S 25^16 22,011 •
J vr . I . 14,983
18S« : 47,1'KH 31.126 16,843
The operating expense of the Belt Rail
road amounts to $659 a month. On April 29,
ISM, the first entry of Belt Railroad ex
penses was made In the books.
According to the testimony elicited, the I
new depot is an expensive institution to
maintain. The cost is $1750 a montn.
There are thirteen porters at $75 a month
< 3 ach, two watchmen at $75 each, a super
intendent at $150 a month; one machinist,
$lw, one engineer, $120; one electrician, |
$90; one lumber, $75; one painter and gla- j
aier-v-190. ,--... ...........
Secretary Keegan, in the course of his
Testimony, said the force of his office con- i
sisted of a secretary, assistant secretary, |
bookkeeper, toll clerk and porter. Every
collector was supposed to make daily pay- i
ments of all money received. The secre
tary, in. explaining the methods of his
office, t*??tilied that all bills were paid in j
cash. Money received was deposited twice j
a week in the Crocker-Woolworth Hank ;
ai-.d was drawn out on the check of the
secretary, bearing the stamp of the j
Board of Commissioners.
According to the testimony yesterday,
requisitions for supplies do not come
through. the office of the secretary. The
tirst knowledge that the secretary receives '
of the liability is the "O jv" of the pur- ;
chasing agent. The bills are not honored :
until the demands are approved by the j
board.
irding remittances through the Con
r to the State, the secretary said
sample: "If I collect $50,000 a month
spend 140,000 l Bend the balance of
to the Cpntrolh
Replying to questions concerning con
tracts. Mr. Keegan said: "I think all con
tracts for furnishing supplies, including
lumber, piles and coal, have expired. No
contract is now in existence for lumber."
In answer to a question asked by Com
missioner Harney, Mr. Keegan said:
"There has never been a contract for lum
ber since I became secretary. There never
was, to my knowledge, an advertisement
for piles until last November."
The afternoon session was devoted
chiefly to an inspection of the booKB and
requisitions in the office of J. J. Flynn,
I purchasing agent. Commissioners Colnon
and Harney assisted in explaining to the
Senators the methods, forms and checks
of the purchasing bureau. The inquiries
propounded by Senator Dickinson left the
• impression that the committee believed
that the purchasing agent was buying
heavy hardware from James A. Snook &
Co. and Yale locks from Holbrook, Mer
rill & Stetson.
Senator Dickinson asked J. J. Flynn if
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson dealt in Yale
locks, and the purchasing agent re
sponded:
"Grove Avers told me that the firm
dealt in Yale locks."
Questions were also asked about tha
purchase of wheelbarrows, mortise locks,
anjrie iron and many other articles. The
information was taken for future refer
ence.
• ♦ «
Grand Jury Delayed.
Thf> Grand Jury did not meet last night
as had been arranged, owing to the fact
that Expert Kilpntriek had not finished
ipon school finances. The jury
soon as this report is In
HAVOC WROUGHT
BY A FLASHLIGHT
THE Golden Rule restaurant at 953 Market street was the scene of a
startling explosion yesterday morning at 11 o'clock. J. A. Robinson, a
photographer, was taking a flashlight pictuie of the Interior. when
the powder in the pan, hH<i by an assistant, exploded with a deafening
report as he ignited it. He was Htanding two or three feet away from the
swinging doors, which were ojjf-n, and was knocked ten feet put on the
sidewalk. He waa dazed for a few peconds, but picked himself up, finding
Ms hand only Blight!? injured by the fall. The powder pan went hurtling
through tIK- air and was found in the middle of the street, about fifty feet
away. That it did not strike any one in its flight is astonishing, as there
*•!•■ many people passing at the time.
The panes of glass in the doors were blown out and the top of a show
case standing on the counter was broken. A waitc-r In the place was
thrown to th»: floor. He was deaft-ncd for five minutes after the occur-
Tl ; <- proprietor, M. Qaang. was at the telephone at the time and the
receiver wos knocked out of his hand. Several light fixtures were torn
away from the gas jets.
Robinson, th<; man who was takilng the picture, was not hurt, though
ho w:is standing two feel away from tho pan. He Is at a loss to know how
to account for the accident. He employed the ordinary preparation used
for flashlight pictures and this is the first time such a thing has ever hap
pened. The manner of lighting is to ignite a wad of ordinary cotton with a
match and this in turn acts fire to the powder, which is generally followed
by a puff of light accompanied by a slight report. He thinks the prepara
tion rery faulty.
The explosion created a small sized panic among the patrons who were
eating lunch and they lost no time In getting out of the restaurant, which
was filled with a thick, suffocating smoke. The report was heard three
blocks away and soon between two and three thousand people had congre
gated in the vicinity and Market street was impassable for nearly an hour.
AS A REFORMER
DELANY MEETS
WITH DISASTER
Eleven Supervisors
Go Against Him.
KILL HIS GAMING ORDER
DISREPUTABLE STREETS WILL
REMAIN OPEN.
Nickel-in-the-Slot Machines Will Not
Be Protected, However, as
Mr. Delany Had
Planned.
Eleven Supervisors kicked like broncos
yesterday against Captain Delany's anti
gambling resolution.
When it came up for consideration at
the meeting of the board as a part of the
alleged report of the Health and Police
Committee there was a quick attempt to
throttle it, Britt, Sheehan and Haskins
all taking part in the attack. Sheehan
and Haskins declared the Health and
Police Committee had never sanctioned
the resolution, that the majority of the
members were against it and that Cap
tain Delany had no right to include the
same in the committee's report. They de
i It was not properly before the !
i fur consideration.
Mayor Pliclan assented to this view of
the matter and ordered the resolution
thrown out At this juncture Supervisor
Clinton astonished the other members by i
announcing that he liked the resolution
much and would introduce it again
in regular fashion at the next meeting,
only eliminating that section which ex
empted the niekel-in-the-slot machines
from the sweeping prohibition against
gambling. This last proviso by Clinton I
■ i considerable amusement in the '
board, as it is well understood that De
lany's idea in introducing the order was
to throttle all forms of card and dice |
gambling in order to help out the patron- j
age Of the nickel-in-the-slot people. Dr.
Clinton increased Captain Delany's dis
gust by announcing In most laudatory
terms his appreciation of the rigid au.d
wholesome character of the movement to
secure moral purity in the city, as ex
emplifled in the Delany resolution, and
said he hoped it would prevail, all excep^
the nickel-in-the-slot proviso. He would
include nickel gambling machines in tae
prohibition. So far as Dr. Clinton could
.see. Captain Delany could well afford to
be s?atis:i«d with gaining all his points
against gambling in this great city, and
an extra point besides.
It now looks as though the partial cru- :
sade against the gamblers begun by tne
captain would develop into a rreat and
all-pervading wave or reform, and that, ;
despite any objections on his part, De- ■
lany will be held up to view as an apostle
of moral purity and a shining example of.
what a good man can do when he sing's
hymns on Sunday and fights vice on Mon
day, j.
The Supervisors passed to the printer
by a unanimous vote the resolution
agreeing to pay the Sanitary Reduction
Company 20 cents per cubic yard for
garbageburned at the crematory. When
the vote was taken Rottanzi, Clinton and
Dodge had not arrived.
The Mayor's veto of the order provid
ing for the bituminizlng of Post street.
nr.ir Leavenworth, was laid .Gver for two
weeks.
The order prohibiting the sprinkling of
bitumen pavements by water carts was
returned to the Street Committee for
further consideration.
The recommendation of the License ana
Orders Committee that theater ticket
scalpers be allowed to ply their avoca
tion upon payment of a quarterly license
of $25 brought forth a vigorous protest |
from Rottanzi and Clinton, both of whom
di lured the theater managers objected
and that ticket scalpers swindled the pub
lic. The order was indefinitely postponed.
The action of the board providing for
the grading and macadaminzing of Nine
teenth street, from I to a point 500 feet
south of W street, was reconsidered and
the Superintendent of Streets was In
structed to begin anew formal proceed
ings looking to the accomplishment of the
work.
Shea & Shea, architects for the new
Hall of Justice, were instructed to pre
pare plans for giving the Police Depart
ment mure room and also to figure on the
furniture necessary to equip the build-
• ing.
. i The Palace Athletic Club was granted
• permission to hold a boxing exhibition In
\ December. The same privilege was ac
corded ro the Princeton Athletic Club and
. ( to the Mission Athletic Club.
The City Street Improvement Company
was awarded the contract for bituminiz
'■ Ing Market street from Taylor to Van
Ness for the sum of $31,000.
Supervisor Rottanzt Introduced a reso
lution requesting the Southern Pacific
! Railroad Company not to rebuild its
burned shops at Sacramento, but to re
move the entire plant to this city, In rec
ognition of the privileges granted by the
municipality In the past to the railroad.
The Supervisors finally decided that the
, dens on Bacon place and Belden place
! should be allowed to remain undisturbed.
Smith called up his motion to dose the
houses on these streets, claiming that
they were nuisances and ought to be sup
pressed. He declared that his resolution
I had been purposely sidetracked In com-
Sheehan, Rottanzi and several others
; took the ground that the closing of the
dens would scatter the disreputable in
mates broadcast over the town. They
thought it was better to segregate the
women. Upon putting the matter to vote
; Sheehan, Britt, Rottanzi, Rivers. Morton,
Delanv and Devany voted In favor of let
ting Bacon place and Belden place re
main open. Dodge, Lackmann, Smith
and Clinton voted to close both.
Round reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will ba displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, NOYEMBEK 22, 1898.
WIFE JOINS HUSBAND
BEHIND PRISON BARS
Mrs. Brandes Held, But Brandes Believed to Be
the Guilty One — A Lead-Bound
Club Used.
Mrs. Etta Brandes, stepmother of the
girl so brutally murdered at Berkeley
Saturday morning, was taken to Alameda
County Jail yesterday afternoon, where
she will be detained pending the verdict
of the Coroner's jury. This judicial body
will meet to-night in the small Morgue of
the university town to weigh the evidence-,
which seems to Indicate that the unfortun
ate child met her death at the hands of
either her father or her Btepmother.
Thus far the case resolves itself into
two questions: Who administered the
blows which proved fatal to Lillian Bran
des' life? And who tied the girl to the
bedpost, if, in fact, she were ever so sus
pended? Developments yesterday point
to the stepmother as equally guilty with
her husband in the crime that robbed the
unfortunate girl of her life.
Not only does she admit having thrash
ed the girl severely, but her story and
that of her husband are found to differ
in many particulars, showing that either
parent knows much more than has yet
been told. There are many important de
tails which must be explained. There is
much to be learned which nothing but
rigid cross-examination can bring out.
The whole fabric of the remarkable case
rests upon circumstantial evidence. No
person knows who killed the girl save the
man and the woman, who deny abso
lutely that their daughter met her death
in any other manner than by suicide.
They scoff at the suggestion that the
mere incident of her whipping on last
Wednesday is the direct cause of her
death. They both reiterate with but
slight variation of detail the fact that
she died by her own hand.
After carefully sifting- all the evidence
in their possession. Sheriff White and
District Attorney Charles E. Snook feel
convinced that the woman who was the
girl's stepmother Is too seriously impli
cated in the crime to be allowed "her lib-
erty.
When her hushand was taken from her
on Sunday night her actions betokened
stoical indifference, feebly disguised
under a mask of melodramatic grief at
his arrest. At that time It was arranged
for her to call at the jail yesterday after
noon with the understanding that she was
to be granted an audience with her hus
band.
She kept her tryst faithfui.y.
Acting under orders, the jailer did not
permit her to see her husband, and she
returned to her home. 3he had hardly
reached her cottage when Deputy Sheriff
Al White drove up in his buggy. He gave
the woman the impression she would see
her husband, and unwittingly she stepped
into the trap so artfully set by the repre
sentatives of the law.
In half an hour she was Bitting in a
comfortable waiting-room of the grim jail
anxiously i /raiting the moment when she
would meet her husband. While she
waited the ponderous machinery of the
law wan pot in motion. Deputy Sheriff
White and District Attorney Snook v;ere
in consultation. As the direct outcome of
their conference, Mr. hite telephoned
Jailer Page to detain Mrs. Brandes upon
the same ground that her husband was
held in custody.
The woman was still In Ignorance of her
standing in the jail. Shortly after she
was tola to follow an attendant upstairs,
which she did, requiring no assistance.
Aft^r anyther painful wait she was quiet
ly informed that she must remain there
until the result of the inijuept was known.
She grew hysterical and then tried to
work upon the sympathies of her jailer.
She called him a good, kind man, and
begged to be taken to her husband.
This request was denied. The authorl
DISTRIBUTION OF
J. Z. DAVIS' ESTATE
IT IS FINALLY OBDERED BY
JUDGE COFFEY.
Deeds to About Two Million Dollars'
Worth of Property Pass With
the Decree.
Through an order made by Judge Cof
fej" yesterday Mrs. John M. Curtis and
Miss Lizzie Muir were placed in posses
sion of the residue of the estate of the
late Jacob Z. Davis, valued at about |900,
000. The order of the court conveys legal
title to all of the Thurlow block. Kearny
and Sutter streets, valued at$400,000; Koh
,ler & Frohllng winery building, Becond
and Folsom streets, valued at $160,000; a
mortgage of 130,000 on the Lissack prop- ]
ties will prevent the unhappy couple from
communicating with each other until
they have given their testimony at the
Inquest. It is expected that from their
possible contradictions may come the true
narrative of the killing of their daughter.
The woman is confined in a large room
with two female prisoners. Her condi
j tion has bordered on the hysterical since
| the arrest of her husband. For this rea
! son no one has been allowed to see her,
as it was feared any undue excitement
would oause her to collapse. She Is
theatrical to an extreme in all her move-.
I ments, seeming always to strive after ef
i feet. The boon of tears came to her yes
terday and she sobbed bitterly at times.
Her neighbors and her relatives in this
city have held aloof from her in her hour
of trouble. The cruelty of the crime and
the previous standing of the couple have
resulted in their being ostracised. The
! only helping hand extended to the woman
| has been that of Mrs. Kennedy, a sweet
faced woman of Berkeley. She spent yes
: terday morning with Mrs. Brandes. She
waited in vain for the woman's return.
Whf-n news finally reached her of the
| woman's detention, Mrs. Kennedy de-t
I termined to remain in the house as care
1 taker until the inquest develops the fu
ture movements of the man and the
woman suspected of the murder. The
only remaining child, a box of about 10
years, is still at the house, and to all ap
pearances does not understand the mean
ing of all the commotion caused by the
death of his sister and playmate.
William Alfred Brandes' night in jail
left him dejected and broken spirited. He
is confined in a small room over the office
of the jail and can move about the corri
dors at will. His bed is a rough mattress
on the floor. He reiterates over and over
that he is innocent of the crime of which
he is suspected. He charges a number
of men in Berkeley with trying to rail
road him to jail in an attempt to break
! up his business as a private patrolman.
Wh(>n asked to explain certain diacrep
; ancles between statements he had made
ho said his brain seemed on fire; that he
was in no condition at any time to make
a clear statement of his movements
etthf-r before or after that fateful moment
when he entered his daughter's bedroom
' and found her, as he maintains, suspend
i ed from the bedpost. He thinks Dr. Whit-
I worth's statement that the girl died of
strangulation should be accepted, as he
examined her body immediately after It
was cut down. Dr. Whitworth's examina
tion at this time was a superficial one
and not to be compared to the careful re
i search of the six surgeons who were pres
! ent at the autopsy.
Brandes' dinner of coarse prison fare
was on the floor near his bed, and from
appearances had not been touched by him.
It was long past the hour when his wife
had promised to visit him, and her non
appearance worried him. He said she
: would surely come, little knowing that at
that moment she was within call of his
voice and yet could not speak to him.
He reverted to the stories of his life in
Rausalito, where he was charged with
brutality and was finally compelled to
! leave the town. He claimed these to have
been exaggerated and as having no bear
' ing on his present crime. As to his
change of name, he said that was done
when he was working on detective cases
where he could not secure certain evi
dence if he used his proper name. On these
occasions he simply spelled his name
backward.
He maintains that the wounds on the
girl's body were caused when she dangled
at the on<J of the aprons with which she
is supposed to have hanged herself.
The policf in their investigations yester
day found the implement with which the
girl was murdered. This is a heavy po
lice club, weighted with lead and the
[ whole covered thickly with soft leather.
This explains the nature of the frightful
wounds on the head which caused the
Kirl's death. Although there waa no
erty on Turk street; a mortgage of $159,
000 on the Odd Fellows' building, Market
and Seventh streets, and cash and bonds
sufficient to bring the value of their share
of the estate up to $900,000.
This amount includes their share of the
assets of Boyd & Davis, with the excep
tion of $30,000, which they seek to recover
from Alexander Boyd for interest on
overdraft since the death of Davis.
Alexander Boyd also comes Into posses
sion of assets of the firm of Boyd & Davis
valued at over $900,000, which includes sev
eral valuable real estate holdings.
Mark Thall's Benefit.
To-night will be a big event for the little
theater on O'Farrell street. The full force
of .the Alcazar stock company will be
brought into play, for Goodwin's old com
edy "Imagination" is to be presented for
the benefit of Mark Thall. To.sajr that
Mr." Thall is popular Is but , putting it
mildly. It is generally conceded that the
, Alcazar ! would . have • long s ago closed its
doors . had it not been for his enterprise
end- good management - general!* ■ Sigh..
break of either the scalp or the skull,
there was hemorrhage of the brain and
a disturbance on its surface. The cover
ing of the club removed the possibility of
a fracture of the skull.
Lewis Long and Timothy McKeown will
be Important witnesses for the prosecu
tion. They will testify to having heard
blows administered and curses from a
man. This was sufficiently late in the
week to be connected with the murder
on Friday night.
Two women were in the house at the
time. One of these was Mrs. Brandes;
the other is expected to be present at the
inquest. Deputy Sheriff Al. White is con
fident that from the evidence introduced
at the Coroner's inquest Brandes will con
fess-to having administered the blows
which caused the death of his daughter.
The hour for the funeral of the dead girl
has not been fixed yet. The burial will
take place some time to-morrow in Moun
tain View Cemetery. A subscription Is
being taken up in Berkeley to defray the
expenses of the fun«ral. The inquest to
night will be held by Coroner Baldwin, the
prosecution being represented by District
Attorney Charles E. Snook.
J. S. Harvey appeart-d voluntarily before
the District Attorney this afternoon and
made a sworn statement covering his
knowledge of the incidents leading up to
the death of the girl.
Toward midnight Mrs. Brandes v nerves
were in such condition that Dr. W. S.
Porter, the county physician, was sum
moned to administer a potion. When Dr.
Porter stepped into the cell, however,
Mrs. Brandes suddenly braced up and
showed no symptoms requiring- medical
aid. She <--a seem worried, and as she
leaned against the door frame of her cell,
her arms snugly folded and her large eyes
staring indifferently to the floor, she pre
sented a picture of a conscience-stricken
mortal. Dr. Porter suggested that per
haps he had better prepare her some-
thing that would quiet her nerves and
aid her to enjoy a night's rest.
"Oh, no, doctor," said Mrs. Brandes. "I
guess I'll be all right after a while"; but
her face, as she looked up and the clear
light shed Its rays upon it, looked hazard
—almost emaciated. Dr. Porter again
urged her to take a potion, and though
she had at first complained of not' being
able to sleep she now remarked that she
"hadn't tried tp sleep yet," and finally,
after further persuasion, stie said, ' >> ell,
all right, doctor; you may bring mo
something."
Further than admitting to Deputy
Sheriff Al White that she felt responsible
for the girl's death, admitting: that she
had administered the awful beating,
which Bhe "feared had led Lil to commit
suicide," Mrs. Brandes would say abso
lutely nothing directly to the point.
Dr. porter also went to Mr. Brandes'
cell. Brandes was lying covered up snug
ly under thick blankets in one corner of
the cell reading a novel. "Wouldn't you
like to have me prepare you something
before you go to sleep?" asked the phy
sician.
"Yes, doctor," replied the prisoner,
frankly. "I'll tell you what I wish you'd
give me. Give me a drink of whisky. I
know it will assist me to sleep. ■ Oh, yes.
I wteh, too. If you would, please, give
my wife something."
''Yfs, I shall give her a preparation to
niakr her sleep, said Dr. Porter, assur
"l'iut don't put any morphine in It/*
suggested the prisoner; "we don't need
it. My wife is used to taking a drink of
whisky just before retiring. It makes her
sleep better. But whatever you do don't
put any drug In the whisky, or she will
be way off in the morning. I am pretty
tired myself. They had me hanged all
day. About seventy-five people have been
in "here to see me, and the papers have
a man convicted before ever he is tried."
The door of Brandes' cell closed again,
and the physician left to prepar* the
potion.
teen months ago everybody thought the i
house was about to close its doors, but
Belasco summoned Thall to his aid and
the result is known to everybody— the
house stands to-day one of the stanchest
in the city. Mr. Thai! is naturally be
loved by ail the Alcazar people and those
who go lato to-night will have great diffi
culty.in securing seats.
COLONIAL TEA.
A Benefit to the California Girls'
Training Home.
The California Girls' Training Home will
receive a benefit on Tuesday afternoon
and evening, November 29, at the Colonial
Hotel, southeast corner of Pine and Jones
streets. The novelty of the occasion will
be a colonial tea, which will be carried out
in the form and manner of colonial days.
A continuous musical programme will be
furnished, the special feature of which,
will be concerts by the Fourth Cavalry
band, H. 8. A., and the Glee Club of the
University of California*
. .[.'. ADVERTISEMENT!*. - -. . :
SEGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, l
i Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. ... A per-
i feet remedy, for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. • They j
i Regulate the Bowels. . Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price*
C^\ C A N C E R
t ' . \£*SM( J* TUHCBJOSPiM
\ I i^^^^a*^^ NO KNIFE or PAIN
31 Jg| t^^ No Pay — Cured
£*^ ill " Any lump in a wo-
fenaag^gft^^/^^! "~ tnan '^ breast iscan-
fz&sM^M^ii^M **^ cer. The poison
quickly goes to arm-
afcy^^ P jt - if" large it is too
Vm| late. Men's face and
M I lip a' common place.
V# TSkmdwJ V 80-Pagb Book sent ■
Vsgrewo^ ■* free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud.
S. R. CHAMIEY, M. D., 23 & 25 Third ST , m Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS,
■-V- .'■;.■ *.
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BABKKNTINB
RUTH
WILL BAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOB
Kuslac, Ponape and. Ruk, Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These islands
are situated about . half -way between Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what;
must soon become American 'colonies. This,
vessel will be fitted with . first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful Islands, of whose
wealth of resources so little Is known. For
round trip, voyage about five months, $350.
J. P. CUNNINGHAM CO..
Owners, 14 Clay street, San Francisco. .
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SDO .NOT DESPAIR ! Do not But-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Xerrooi Debility are
absolutely cured by FEKFECTO
Tl BLETI, Olto prompt relief to in-
somnia, falling memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers. Incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart Tifjor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give >dKx. bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-f |Ayonnscorold.
One We box renews vital enemy X.' l& boxes at
»t. 50 a complete uarante ed cure Xiiliiy or money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest >«sjb>' pocket. gold
everywhere, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt of
• price by THE PERFECTO CO., Caxtoa BUg., Chicago, lU.
Bold by Owl Drue Co.. Sao Fran, and Oakland.
P^gflpß. HALL'S RJEINYIGORATOR
mJbT^'hMd Five hundred reward for any casa
BHI fcii*; we cannot cure. This secret remedy
•■ / ■■-' -JH stops ail losses In 24 hours, cures
ff~3f BQ Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
T9fn Wni Gonorrhoea.' Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
aesi ■ U!&! Ijf1 * t Manhood and all wasting ef-
S*?3 H fectsof self -abuse or excesses, Sent
I EyfjVYi sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles. ss; guar-
i anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
I STITUTE, Xi Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073 5 * Market St., S. F. AH pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
mßpKf^zEM&i m rupture.
W^vlyjjT jM '§ USE NO MORE IRON !
WjjtSßiifi&K^ Hoops or Steel Springs. ;
' g^*CßJMwy ■* Rupture retained with eas»
fl^**' A&<?<. and comfort, and thousands radi-
■ /MIC* »Hy CURED by DR. PIERCB'B
% /JB X Magnetic. Elastlo Truss. ICTCaII at
cf flee or write far New Pamphlet No. L
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(to Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, Saa Fraaclso*
S—%k r * Olfeljon's Dispensary,
■JR- .an Jffl 625 KEABXT NT. Established
PMfi* :Vl^v« ln * 554 for tne treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, ' i
<>U."> KIiAKW NT. Established i
in 1854 for the treatment of Private j
Dipp:ises, Lost Manhood. Debility or
KsSSSviSfp ilisen.se wearing on body mind and
' 2!w3s(£^Ap3 skin Diseases. The doctorenres when
'^l?^ I 's^i others fall. Try him. Charges low
JraypH^&rs. l^ rurp»iruarant«*<-d. Callorwrlte.
3>r. J. I"- uIBBO» ( Box 1957. 5 an Francisco,
RAILROAD TRAVEL. ■' .;.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. Ca
LjESSEE
OK FBARCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIU
' f: ' * RAILWAY COMPANY.
TPwm— 9ma y, P— • mi tUtU* a*
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. ?
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11: M,
8:30, -6:10, 6:30 p. ■m. ' Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. • v.« -.. -
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:80, U:00 a. m.; 1:30, *:M>
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ; ■-* - ■ -■-.:•
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN .FRANCISCO, ,
WEEK DATS-«: 10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 11:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m. -•■•>■ i-.. _.-.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 8:4»/
6:00, 6:25 p. m. ■ ' :i: i .
Between San Francisco and Scbuetsen Park
1 same schedule as above. ' ''' ■
Leave ;  Arrive .
San Francisco. In Effect . Ban Francisco.
I , T- • October 18. ■ ■
I ; Week Bun- . • . 1898. Sun- . Week
I Days. days. Destination, days. .Days.
1 !
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato,. 10:40 am 8:40 am I
I:3opm 9:3oam Petalucna, ■ 6:lopm 10:25 am !
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, , .--,' >V -
7:80 am Windsor. . ..' 10:25 am
Healdsburs;,
, Lytton,
Geyserville. '. - .., '
8:30 pm 8:00 am 'Cloverdale... 7:35 pm f.'SSpm
Hopland and '
7:Boam 8:00 am - Uklah. 7:35pm 6:23pm
7:80 am -  10:25 am
- . 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm r ££ *:2lpm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and . .
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm ,6:22pm
7-30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. ' 10:40 am 10:16 am
8:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:3s pm| »:Mpm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West j
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- |
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at CloVerdale for
' the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
i Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, -Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, '-Porno,: Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights.: HuUvllle. Booneville. Orr"s
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, - Usal. Wlllltts. " Laytonvllle. Cum-
ming's. -Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. • . ■ >■■■-_
Saturday to Monday . round trip . tickets - at
reduced rates. ■ /" "'■-■' '■'
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. % . ■-
v Ticket" Of flees. 660 Market St.; Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING.- - ' ;" R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. ■ . , ■ , Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAUALPAIS SCENIC RAILWfI. ;
; (Via Sausallto Ferry.) "
I Leave ' San Francisco, commencing; ■■ Sunday.
Sept. 11. 1898: ' :. . ' i: -
■ Week Days— 9:Bo a. m.. 1:46 p. m. . . ;:
.' Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a. m.. 1:15 p. n. '
Round trip from Mill Valley. $L ' . - •■
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 631 Market
street, Ban Prmociioo. ?.--'. ';-?->-..• - .-.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
I —or— _^
Thoroughbred Horses!
■•' -. • •- CONSISTING — - v'r>.'
28 YEARLINGS,
By Apache, Nomad, Gano. San Lucas, '■ Calva-
dos, Rio Bravo, etc., out of My Bads;*,
Riillto, Jennie K. Why Not, Sunny Smile. Play
Toy, Tyrona, etc
PROPERTY OS; -
! CHARLES KERR Esq.
AKTRIM STOCK FARM. ";
j Wednesday Evening, Nov. 23,
Occidental Horse Exchange,
-.721 HOWARD STREET. . ; -
Bet. Third and Fourth , sib.. San Tranclsoo.
Horses at salesyard. Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LAYNO, Proprietor.
i ED R. IOWRT, Auctioneer. ,
HOLIDAY GOODS.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY). AT 11 A. M.,
MISSION AND TWENTY-THIRD BTB.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market St.
BAILEOAI) TBAVBL.
•MiTiiKRN rAomo cooranr.
- . (PACIFIO STSTKK.)
Trains) Ihu and are) due i« «rrlv« as
v MAM PIIAMCIMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
isavb — L From Nov. 3, 1898. — ' arrptß
•6:00 a Kilts. San Jose and Vfsy Stations... ••i4»*
' 7i<K>a Benioia. Snlsnnsnd B«CTa>mento...'.' I»i4Sa
7i«Oa MarvsviUe, OroTiUe and Redding *1» -
Woodland ■««*
T:OO a Elmlra, V»ca,vUle and Bnmaey • SHLSr
7:8« a Martinut. San Ramon. VsJlejo. K.apa,
. . C»lUtog» and Banta Bos* *'!!*
SiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogoeu and £•>■«.. SUSP
»iXOa San Jose, Stockton. Valley Spring, - '; , '-'
lone. Sacramento, Manravllte, •» •
Chtoo. Tehama and Red 81uff. . . . «llSp
»:S«a Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7i lor
•BiBoa Milton »T«1»»
•iO»a Martinet, Tracy, Lmtorop, Hereea Mk __
' ' ■ Fresco. MflW
••••a Fresno. Uakereoeld, SsnU Barbara.
Ix» Angeles, Demlng. El Paso.
Mew Orleans and Bast vv . •••■»
Freeno, Mendot», Tracy and Ma*. ■
tines *i4«r
1«i«Oa Vaiiejo. Marines and Way StotJosa It*9r
•li»©r S»oramento Hirer 3te»m»>ra *?'??'
1 »O«r Nile*. San Jose and Way Station* „ 11 1* 84
....... Sao Jose, Nile* and Way Stations. . . 18 A
is9«r Nile*. Tracy. Mondota, Haoford »«"»■«_
V15a11a......; " 4*l*»
.  LHennore, Ban Jose, Nilee and Way
Stations i»**M*
<iOOr Martinet, Ban Bamon, Vallsjo.
-■''■: ■ Naps, Oallstogs, SI VeraM »n4 __ mm
, SanUltos* •il»a
4i«or Beoicia, VaoaviUe, W**dlasi4,
. Knights Landing. MtrjreTfile, Oro-
Tllle andSaerameiito..... Ipfji
4tSor Hay wards, NUes sad Baa Joss . .... 7r*»a
. BtOe)r Msrtlnes, Traoy, Mendota, Fresno, .
--: . Mojave, Santa Barbara and 1*«
j i ■■ .' Angelas .......................... mtmmA
. . Ai*Or Bsuta Vo Bouto, AUaotlo Bspresi
for Mojito and Batt •»«•»
«S3i«or "Paoifle Coast limited," ■ Paso.
Fort Worth. tittle Bock, St. ,^\.jy
' Louis. Chicago and Bast... |»*".a»
BiS*r Riles, San Jose, Tracy. Lathroft
• Mened and Fresno ».... •■■■i-"
StStr Stockton  1 I 1 15
«iO«r KuropesD Mall, Ogden and Kast.... £»f2 A
•OsoOr Tallejo l«il»»
J7i««f Vanejo, Port Oos»s and Wat Bt*. - Mt9
t Uons.. ; • 19****
, ■ •i««p Oregon Xi press, Sacramento, Marys. . ■
rill., Rf.lill.vg, Porllamt. rnget m
HotindaiMl Ka5t ~....... .......... J*} 9 *
i ' SaW LfiiHMo AMU UAIWAUWi LWAIi.
| (Foot ot Market Street.) »■
\ lelrsM, Kewtaary Park, ( ,Mm
»» ! 22* 8«» l^siirtro.gosthSwi "JJ^at
";»J Leandro, «st«<llll«, it^sj
tl*i«OM I^renxo, Cherrj < tt i4Sr
Uioor -.-•• 4 ." •»■*. is'i5 F
, - Si««p • H«ywards. . UidSr
7ioOp i Rum through to Nlles. 7i-l6r
j j I From Wiles. I m
| COAST I»I VISION (Narroir fiaasc). .
■ ; (Foot of Market Street^ .
I BtlSANewark,OenterriUe,BaaJoee,Feltoß,
Boulder Creek, Saute One and Way
Buttons i •<••»
•Ssiap Newark, OentervtUe, Ban Jose, New :-'j ■
■ Ahnaden, Folton, Boulder Creak.
' Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations ....:...'.......... • 1 • tO«»
. 4il9r Newark. San Joee aod Los G«tas... »i»Oa
flli43r Hunters' Excursion, S*« Jose sad "'
• * ■■• •-♦-• Way 8utt0n5. ......;... - >?«— »
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
: to* 311 n 4 MCI SCO— if Mirktt Street (BU> *> —
•7il« • 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *StQO MM
•1:00 13:00 •5:00 • • - .
trwOilUHl— r**t»fßrN4wiT.— •B:o9 8.-00 M4OA.M.
tl2:00 '1:80 t3:00 *3:00 ttflO 'lAQr.u.
L COABT DIVISION (Broad «s««e).
(Third and Townsend Bts.)
r 7sO*a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
AlmadeH Wednesdays only) . . . . . liSwl
•i*«a Has Jose. Ties Pine*. SauU Onis. -
Pacillc GroTe, Paso Rubles, Saa . •
, ' > I, ■•<■ Obispo, Guadalupe, Surf aad ■
•■■■ Principal Way Statlous 4ils)|
Ios4Oa San Jose and Way Stations »Brt>«i
Hi 80 a Ban Jose and Way BtaUoaa  •»*»*
•a-.45r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park. -
- ■ ' Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Saa Joss,
' ' j Oilroy, HolUster, Santa Cnn, ■■
■f\ Balinas, Monterey and Pao4ft«
drove ......V..... "t«iUj
•»i!M»r Ban Jose and Way 8UM«n5.,.. ...... <•!•••
•ttlSr San Joaeaud Principal Way Stations widSi
•H-.99T San Jose aad Principal Way Stations StSSj
siB»r San Jose and Principal Way StatioM OiS*l
■i3Sp San Jose aud Way Station* YiMl
; \ ♦Ili-tar San Joee and Way SUtleoß.... ' ■ T«8»i
A for Morning. . P foe At tsnoeo. ~~
* fhindays excepte<l t Sundays only, t Saturdays «■)?
lMi>nday»andThnrsdaya. jSatardayiaad W«dneitiy«
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connectlngr Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
" TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at SitS A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday j
and Tuesday— Arriving in 1 New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday. •
DININO CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Bleotrio
" Lighted Sleeping Car. :,
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland. Express. • •;
sas ■■ FBKICJSCO TIKEfWICE— la mm si,
■ TELEPHONE MAIN ISCL \
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway,
Sacramento Offloe— J Street.
.. , Ban Jose Office— 7 West Santa • Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SsMtssUta Perry. -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
. AND SAN RAFAEL. ::.. .
WEEK DATS— *7:*). •9:80, Uj«o a. m.; •*:«»,
t:45, 6:15, *«:00, 6:3o _p. m. . --..
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael co Mond*y.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, 10:00. »ll:J0 a. ra.;."iai»
a:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m. ■ ': :
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:23, HM. 7:46. *•:» a. oa. ;
•13:20, 2:20. *3:«. 8:08 p. m..
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. , Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. : • . . ■
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. »8:00, •10:09.: "11:55 a. ib.j
•1:16, *3:10, 4:40. *«:20 p. m. ,U<
Trains marked * start from Ban QuenOn,
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:4S, 6:45. 7:65, 8:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:29 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■ ■ • l- . ■ • < '
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05. l:M. t:M.
6:00, 8:20 p. m. '■'■ •-: " . ' .
; THROUGH TRAINS. *. -
7:20 a. m. week — Casadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills ! and war
stations. - - . " -.■■". — '
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
WE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAB JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY eOMPAIY.
From Nov. 10. l&'jb, trains will run, as fallows;
South-bound. - - | North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. " . . Mixed. Passen-
g er. Sunday ,-- - Sunday ger-
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
8:20 am 10:80 am Stockton B:4spm B :Mpm
10:10 am i:o6pmi :06pm Merced li:4opm 4:oJpra
11:40 am 6:3opm . Fresno » :30 am !:8»pi»
12:38 pm 7:43pm Hanford 7:45 am I:36 pa
8:20 pro 12:30 am Bakeraneld 1 : 30 am 11:3$ am
IS :58 pm) S :sopm Vlsalla «:40am lmpin
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats at
California • Navigation and Improvement Coot*
pany, leaving San Francisco at « p. m. daily,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at * p. m.
dally. stage connections see official' time' tabtel
For stage connections sss official time taW*
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's OMM, UK Mao
ket str— t. Baa F»BCligo>< > i ";■ \. >;
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
KEYES TELLS
OF THE MAN
HE ARRESTED
A Mustache Proves It
Was Not Reddy.
ASSAILANT STILL AT URGE
OFFICER CRITICIZED FOR NOT
SEARCHING FOR ARMS.
Theory Is Advanced That the Man
Who Was Arrested May Hare
Been a Citizen Who Feared
Robbery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Nov. 21.
Who shot Keyes?
This problem is perplexing the police of
ficials of this county. Everybody !6 sat-
Isfied that in the midnight encounter dur
ing which Keyes emptied his revolver and
received several shots in return the other j
man was not John P. Reddy. who is now
In the County Jail. During the past month
there have been several burglaries and
robberies reported, but no one has been
arrested for the crimes.
It is now presumed that by a strange
coincidence Officer Koyes arrested one of
the burglars while looking for Reddy and
that when the two men were in a dark
place the prisoner opened lire and after
exchanging shots made his escape. Keyes
Is criticized for not searching his man
when he arrested him at Seventh and
Market streets. It is customary when ar
g a man charged with felony to
search him. and had Keyes done this in
the public place where he made the arrest
he would probably have escaped injury
and discovered later that ht- had arrested
by accident a hard character. Instead of
doing this, Keyes was walking with his
man toward the Alameda streetcar with
tb,e intention of taking him to the Ala
meda jalL The prisoner was evidently re
to defend himself, and his readi
.vith his revolver suggests that he
was a criminal of some sort.
Another theory has been advanced to
account for the shooting of Keyes. At
the time of the assault Keyes was in
citizen's clothes. He is a member of the
Alameda police force and unknown in
Oakland. Jt is possible that the man he
had under arrest was suspicious that he
was merely bt-ing led by some one imper
. :ig an officer into the darkness sur
rounding- Jefferson square for the purpose
of being robbeu and that he used his re
volver \n save himself. If this were the
it is more than likely that ihe un
knov.-n man would have come forward i>y
this time and explained the affair, and
that he has not done so rather robs this
. of its foundation.
Idy ha? maue a complete statement
of his defense. He tells in detail just
what lie did since having Mrs. Shattuck's
:n Alameda last Friday afternoon
until arrested in San Jose Saturday morn-
Ing. Every move has been verified, and
his alibi is complete. He is evidently not
a man troubled with contentious scru
ples, for he admitted that he intended to
• his family and start life anew
boiu where rise under an assumed name.
"When 1 knew that the warrant for as-
Baulting little Irene Shattuck was issued."
said Reddy, "I mane up my mind to take
the name of John Sweet. I left Oakland
without taking a thing from n.y house.
I made up my mind to desert my wife
and child, leave everything and start life
anew, beo me time my wife and
J have not lived together happily. I am
inn »cent of this shooting and was never
arr< si '-'i by Keyes."
Keyes has not yet been able to make a
• •:it.
This evening Officer Keyes was able to
speak a little and he told Detective Hol
land ot hi 6 arresting the man who shot
him.
"While I was on watch at Maraket
street." said Kqyes, "I saw a man come
up Market street from Sixth. He stopped
in front of Reddy's bouse. It swms to me
that h<; saw Officer Sill and turned back
toward Sixth street. I followed him and
arrested him on :iixth street, betwe n
Market and Brush. 1 placed my hand on
his shoulder and said: 'Reddy, you are
under arrest. 1 He replied: 'You have the
wrong man.' We had some trouble on
Sixth street, and then I grot him up to
Brush and Seventh. Then the fight began.
Reddy looks like the man I arrested, only
my prisoner had a mustache."
HIS HEART TOO SMALL
TO PERFORM ITS DUTY
EEMARKABLE FREAK OF G. B.
CORDOZA.
.
His Growth of Three Inches in Three [
Months Made His Heart Beat
Audibly.
OAKLAND. Nov. 21.— The anatomy of |
George R. Cordoza, a LTivermore boy, j
aged 14 years, who died last Friday, Is
one that by medical men is regarded as
most remarkable. His death is attributed
to an abnormal development of the body, j
In three months he gained three inches j
in stature, and Dr. J. M. Buchers. who
was the attending physician. Rives it as j
his opinion that death was approximately i
the result of the hoy's heart being unable
to perform the function of supplying the
rapid development of the body.
Several months ago the boy's parents
became alarmed over the violent oeatlng
of his hf-art, which was audible a dis
tance of .several feet, and was a source
of much anxiety to Cordoza's teacher.
Miss Maggie M< Kee.
Tlnniph l«ut 14 years of age, the lad
stood 5 feet 10 Inches i;i his stocking feet.
CALLED HEE A "CHIPPY."
Pitiful Testimony by Mrs. Olvedo in
Her Suit for Divorce.
OAKLAND. Nov. 21.— The divorce suit
of Mrs. Maria R. Olvedo against Manuel
Olvedo on the ground of extreme cruelty
wai partially ti n 3uperioi Judge
Ogden this aft* i : the testimony
of the plaintiff was pitiful to hear.
Mrs. Olvedo was the mother of four lit
tle children and th family resides at
>>"•■*. Some time ago one of the little
ones was killed in a runaway accident and
she was also injured quite seriously.
"Though we have never lived happily to
gether." said Mrs. Olvedo to-day, "my
husband became particularly cruel after
the death of the child.
' "Ho called mo a chippy and a dog and
accused me of infidelity. He refused to
have a doctor attend our sick child, Bay
iivr; he never had a doctor attend to his
ailments. Finally he refused to pay the
water bill and 1 was compelled to go to
my neighbors for water with ■ which to
make tea." Witness also testified that
he had frequently struck her and that her
health had b^on affected «s a result.
The trial will probably be concluded to
morrow. The defendant some time ago
filed a cross-complaint In which lie
charges abandonment.
. ♦ ■
Thomas Slater's Death.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 21.— Thomas S. Sla
ter, son of the late Thomas Slater, over
whoso life Insurance the A. O. U. V,'. is
having considerable trouble, died yester
day in Denver, Colo. At the breaking
out of the war he joined Battery A. Third
Artillery, stationed at the Presidio, but
grew tirc-d of army life and went to Den
ver, where he engaged in tho undertaking
business. The cause of death was blood
poisoning.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 21.— Rev. R. Dodson of
the Unitarian church, who recently re
turned from a trip to Europe, will ad
drees the Unitarian Club next Wednesday
evening on the scene* and Incidents of
his tour. A musical programme will be
furnished by A. A. Dayton. Arthur G.
Burns and W. B. Bartlett and a mando
lin club of San Francisco under the direc
tion of Professor Charles F. Graeber.
Rev. J. B. Koehne will commence a se
ries of lectures in the Congregational
church November 27. The subject for the
course will be "The Nazarene."
Efli G. Finley. a prominent member of
the Alameda Flr« Department, was mar
ried this evening to Miss Mary E. Bieson.
AN ILLEGAL WILL.
I By Its Annulment John Lindstrom
and C. A- Tripp Will Fare
Much Better.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— The will of the
late Mrs. Nellie Lundstrom was declared
an Illegal Instrument to-day by Judge
Ellsworth.
It appearß from the testimony that the
subscribing witnesses — Agnes O. Ryan
and Ada F. Carthy, nurses at the Fabio
la Hospital, where testatrix died — had not
signed the will dated October 25, IS9B, in
the presence of testatrix, as required by
law. The estate consists of $1000 cash on
deposit and real estate valued at $6000.
By the tery.s of the will provisions were
made for a deaf mute daughter in Gal
laudet College, New York, the husband,
John lindstrom, and a son, Charles Al
fred Tripp in Company H, First Califor
nia Volunteers. By the annulment of the
will the husband and son will receive a
larger portion than was provided for by
its terms.
O. J. Denison, a real estate man. who
drew up the will, immediately applied for
letters of administration and has already
the nomination from the widower.
POLITICS RESULT IN A
BARE-F!ST BATTLE
PROMINENT ALAMEDANS SET
TLE A DISPUTE.
A Campaign Argument Decided by
a Spirited Six-Round Contest
With Bare Knuckles.
ALAMKDA, Nov. 21.— One of the un
pleasant features of the late campaign de
veloped last evening in a genuine prize
fight, in which Lai Schuler, a prominent
member of the Young Men's Republican
Club and a well-known politician of West
Alameda, and S. K. Thompson, who had
a position on the opposite side of the
political fence, took part.
The fight came off at the headquarters
of the Young Men's Republican Club in
the old Neptune Gardens, before a select
audience of twelve, all of whom were
pledged to secrecy.
Schuler and Thompson had a difficulty
over politics early in the campaign. Their
argument was heated, and they were
about to come to blows when their
friends separated them. It was agreed
then that after the smoke of the political
battle had cleared away the pair would
settle their difficulties In a six-round
rough-and-tumble contest.
Both mfti have been preparing for the
event with considerable diligence, and
their friends have been lotiking forward
to the affray with much impatience. Joun
Croll was selected as referee. A gentle
man named Walker acted as Schuler's
second, and Thompson was backed by
George Brltt.
From start to finish the contest was
spirited. Schuler. who was much the
smaller of the pair, put up a fight that
surprised the audience. After the fourth
round he had things all his own way, and
administered severe punishment to rf-;
antagonist. Just before time was calk.l
in the sixth round Thompson's second
throw up the sponge, and the political
argument was decided in Schuler's favor.
The men fought with bare knuckles.
Davie Improving.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— Manuel Davle,
who was shot by HnriiTlo Paul In Tcmes
cal last night, is resting easy to-night at
the Receiving Hospital. Dr. J. M. Kane
probed for the two bullets again to-day,
but has about given up all hope of locat
ing and extracting them without necessi
tatlng an operation that may prove dan
gerous. Tin- wounded gardener suffered
nn hrmorrhaßPF to-day, and bids fair to
recover, though hf may have to carry th«
missiles in his body through life. Paul.
his assailant, is still In the City Prison
awaiting developments.
A Chang* of Positions.
OAKLAND, Nov. 21.— The Board of Ed
ucation met to-night and accepted the res
Ignation of T. O. Crawford as principal of
Lincoln School. J. P. Garlick, the present
County Superintendent, was elected to
succeed -Vr Crawford, who cvlil a."Hume
the position of County Superintendent..
DIED WHILE SEEKING HEALTH.
\ William E. Bond of the Anaconda Standard Finally
Succumbs to Overwork.
W Oakland Office San Francisco Call. 90S Broadway, Xov. 21. -:.^"'(
I ILLIAM E. BON"D. business manager of the Anaconda Standard, who I
\fU was visiting: Oakland for the benefit of his health, died at the home i
» 1 of Hon. W. E. Dargie In East Oakland this morning. The direct i
cause of death was extreme nervous prostration, brought about by I
overwork, and this produced other ailments. Mr. Bond came to Oakland . i
about two months ago, and it was thought he was regaining his energies; i
but during the past few days his illness became more pronounced, and al- i
though several physicians attended him. his system was too much shattered i
to allow of recovery. i
Mr. Bond was well known on this coast as an energetic and successful i
newspaper man. For many years he was business manager of the Oak- i
land Tribune, and after going to Montana he materially Improved the i
business status. of the Anaconda Standard. He was born in Petaiuma i
thirty-seven years ago, and about six years ago married Miss Ruby Dore. .*.'(
Besides the widow, a little son and daughter survive. » i
When death came Mr. Bond was surrounded by all of his family. "■ i
The funeral will be held from the residence of the mother-in-law of (
deceased, Mrs. E. Dore, 2009 Pacific avenue, San Francisco.
(
000000000000 O JO O O GO 0000000 l
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
HIS ARREST
MAY MAR HIS
HONEYMOON
J. Havermeyer Eck
ley's Predicament.
HE HAS IGNORED A CITATION
REPORTED TO HAVE MARRIED
PRANKIE J. TAYLOR.
Says His Ex-Wife Has Disposed of
His Property to the Extent
of Two Thousand
Dollars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 21.
John Havemeyer Eckley, from whom
Etta Louise Eckley of Alameda obtained
a divorce about a month ago, Ims, if re
ports are correct, taken another wife In
the person of Mrs. Frankie J. Taylor.
Their marriage Is supposed to have been
solemnized in Reno, New, to-day. In
stead Eckley should haye appeared before
Superior Judge Hall on a citation to show
cause why he should not be held guilty of
contempt In failing to pay $100 monthly
alimony to his divorced wife.
When the matter was called up in Judge
Hairs court to-day Attorney P. Benson
appeared on behalf of Eckley and J. R.
Aiken represented Mrs. Eckley's interests,
though the lady was present in person.
Attorney Aiken stated that he had in
formation from reliable sources that Eck
ley and Mrs. Frankie J. Taylor had left
for Reno, Nev., last Friday night with
the purpose of marrying. Enlightenment
on the subject was asked for from Eck-
I ley's attorney, but the latter preferred not
I to" answer, though he did not deny Aiken's
statement. It is understood that .Airs.
Taj* lor was also divorced about a month
ago and that she was formerly the wife of
j a wealthy cattleman.
I Judge Hall allowed the matter to go
! over xor hearing until to-morrow morning
i at 10 o'clock, but intimated that Eokley
would be held for -contempt. Eckley,
therefore, is liable to be taicen to the
County Jail on his return for having
failed "to settle accounts with his first
wife.
In his answer to the ex-wife's petition
j for a citation, filed by his attorney to-day,
! Eckley alleges that he has no money for
| the alimony asked for, and that he can
i spare no more than $30 monthly at best,
j since he has been out of employment dur
j Ing the past six months and is dependent
j upon his parents for support. On the
i other hand Mrs. Eckley asserts that her
, ex-husband make? books on the races and
i conducts an establishment on Post street,
San Francisco.
J. Havermeyer Eckley In his answer also
• dpnies his ex-wife's charges of improper
conduct with Mrs. Frankie Taylor, who he
: says "is a lady of respectability, good
character and in good standing in society;
and that Mrs. Taylor and defendant have
agreed to become husband and wife, and
; by reason of such fact defendant and Mrs.
! Taylor have very properly often met and
sometimes had their meals In respectable
restaurants, which no persons but re
spectable people and citizens of good re
pute frequent for the purpose of dining."
j He denies that he lived extravagantly or
' hart sufficient money to make books on the
races.
The statements made by Mrs. Eckley
which rpfer to Mrs. Taylor Mr. Eckley
: charges "are unjust, untrue and without
foundation, and made, as affiant verily
j believes, with intent of libeling, aspersing
and injuring the good name or Mrs. Tay
lor."
Eckley then gees on to charge his wife
with having disposed during last June of
$2000 worth of household furniture In Ala
: rnf-da he-longing to him. and with holding
| other personal property worth $340.
In his prayer ho asks that plaintiff take
i nothing, that the order to show cause be
I dismissed, and that plaintiff be required
I to account for the disposed property.
The ex-wife, however, asserts that she
realized but $21." from the sale of the fur- ;
niuir". and that she was compelled to sell \
this to raise money for her support.
Judge Hall did not seem to place much
weight on Eckley's affidavit and issued j
another citation. What adds still mire
interest to the case at this stage is that
Mrs. Ecklpy has, since the divorce decree
was granted, received several letters from
Eckley which her attorney regards as
containing threats.
CEMETERY CREEK AGAIN.
Oakland's Councilmen Pass Another
Resolution Looking Toward
Its Improvement.
OAKLAND. Nov. 21.— The City Council
to-night accepted the right of way for a
sewer from Twenty-fourth street to the
main lake sewer. This is the first step ;
toward the improvement of Cemetery
Creek. The City Engineer was directed to
prepare plans for the construction of a
waterway through the Twelfth street dam
opposite the proposed channel in connec
tion with the dredging of Lake Merritt.
and $499 was appropriated for the building
of a retaining wall on Shore avenue. ,
NOTARIES MUST PAY THE TAX
Verifications on Superior Court
Pleadings Must Bear a Ten-
Cent Stamp.
A question of great Interest to attor
neys, notaries and litigants has just been
settled by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, Some protest has been made
to the requirement of a ten-cent stamp on
the notaries' certificates to verified plead
ings filed in the Superior Court. To settle
the matter E. M. Galvin of this city ap
plied to N. B. Scott, Commissioner of In
ternal Revenue, Washington, D. C, for a
ruling on the question. Collector Lynch
has received a reply, as follows:
"In reply to letter which this office has
received from E. M. Galvin of San Fran
cisco, who inquires whether a revenue
stamp is required upon a notary's verifi
cation to an answer in a civil action
pending in the Superior Court of Califor
nia, you are directed to inform him that
as this verification is required by the
laws of California it requires a ten cent
stamp under the act of June 13. 1898. Mr.
Gnlvin tms been referred to you for th«
Information requested."
WANTS A DAUGHTER'S
SHARE OF THE ESTATE
ANOTHER DE LAVEAGA HEIR
MAKES HER APPEARANCE.
Claims She Is the Only Legitimate
Offspring of the Deceased
Capitalist.
Another claimant to a portion of the j
vast estate of Jose Vicente de Laveaga !
put In an appearance yesterday and fur- i
ther complicated the content over the dis
tribution of the estate by praying the
court to make an order directing the ex
ecutors to render a final account and dis
tribute to her a daughter's share of the
estate. The new claimant appears under
the name of Dolorts Apolonia de Rivera.
She avers that she is the daugh
ter and only legitimate offspring
of Jnse Vicente de Laveaga. She
was born in this State on April 10,
1872, she further alleges, and, notwith
standing the fact that she was not men
tioned in the will of the deceased, which
she declares to be a forgery, she asks
that the right be granted her to estab
lish her allegations and her right to the
residue of her father's estate.
When the petition of the claimant was
presented objection to Its being filed was
made, and Judge Coffey set next Friday
as the. date for argument on the legal
points Involved. Graves & Graves, W. L.
Pierce and Lloyd & Wood have been re
tained by the alleged daughter of the de
ceased capitalist in the case if the court
does not deny them the right to make an
appearance. A bitter contest on behalf
of the young woman is anticipated.
IS RESTING EASILY.
Durie Heithier Will Probably Re
cover From Her Wounds.
Durie Heithier is resting easily in her
cot at the German Hospital, and the
physicians at that Institution to whom
Dr. Conrad Well has turned over the
case have every hope for her speedy re
covery. The bullet has been located and
will be removed as soon «s the condition
of the patient will warrant the operation.
The young lady had no fever yesterday,
and seemed in less pain than at any time
.-»inr». hfr attempted suicide. It is the
opinion of Dr. Weil that the bullet struck
and broke a rib after passing through the
lung, and to this fact the great suffering
she has experienced is attributed.
Judgment Reversed.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
judgment and order of the Superior Court
of Santa Clara in the case of Jessie Pyle
against Edward M. Piercy. The woman,
secured judgment for $12,000 for breach of
promise to marry, but the Supreme Court
decided that there was an error in the
lower court in the matter of admitting
certain testimony.
.:•. -•;. ■ » ■
Round reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will be displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Chirm, S Mateo |G Niggle, S Felipa
J Lawrence & f, Cal R O Rowley. Chicago
R Randall. Chicago C V Snell. N Dakota
J Brail*. Mill Valley Miss Snell, N Dakota
J J Connolly. Stockton T Brown. Grand Forks
T Hagan. Leadville H Copple. Gridley
J W Ellis, Vallejo P R Anderson. L Gatos
R Halllday, R Vista J C Foley, Callstoga
H ■Williams. L Ang F Mat hews, Fresno
Mrs Minor.- S Jose J C Ryan. Tulare
J N Drew, Phlla
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J T Hlggins, Cal E X Giles. St Louis
G I Draden. Alaska C Gollan & w. Aber-
R B Carpenter, L Ang deen
B Harron. Llvermore J Brennan, N V
G Williams. Chicago 811 Yandell, Cal
B P Fabor, Cal B P Tabor, Auburn
M Gilbert. Modesto II E Mueller. S Jose
P B McCabe, Ariz A Watson, S Jose
M Taylor, Chicago C J Stanton, S Jose
A V Tayre, Fresno J McCudden. Vallejo
F X Barto, Kobe I Miss McCudden, Cal
G L Threlkel. Cal ■■;."; I, -:i?
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs S M White, L A It S R Hitt. Illinois
Miss L White, L Ang Mrs Perry, N V
G Fletcher. Grass Val -Miss Perry, N V
J E Gas. Atlanta Hope Ross. NY
D Levy, NY H Pollok, 1 Yokohama
F Moore. Randsburg F Wylle, India
F T Dickinson, NY H Salner, Col fax
W " Barnes. Ventura C Reina, Manila
D A Tmes, N V . Pedro Yimgue. Manila
A W Jones, Monterey V Mantilla. Manila
A W Jones Jr. Montery E Yungue. Manila
0 D Dlckaon & w, N V A) Mellizo. Manila
8 Mikl. Tokio F C Lurk. Chicago
T Yamamoto, Tokio A B Stuart. Seattle
G Erdman, Phila B Klngsbury, Spokane
Mrs Hitt & m, Illinois L Blamnaer, Portland,
F E Fernald. Chicago Mrs Blamnaer, Portld
A D Carter, Manila W Luedhard. Portland
M Cortes, Manila Mrs OanneU, X V
C W Lindsay. London. Hon S French. London
J F Moller. London A B Stpinbach, Portld
Madame de Passeloit, Mrs Ptelnbach, Portld
Pariß . L B Howe, NY
Count Frings, Parts A S BaTon, B Jose
C Churchill, NY |H II Henshaw,. Cal
J Neiswanger. Chicago W L Beedy, Stanford
W Gillette, N V Mrs Adams, S Barbara
GRAND HOTEL.
J Towley, Sacto |J Luthed, S Jose
H J B Wright. Cal |W H Looney, Or
A L Williams Jr. Cal E S Wilson, Stockton
A II Redlngton, Cal L J Maddux, Modesto
L Ballrct, TruckM E C Burton, Ohio
W C Conroy, Auburn E E Johnson, Chicago
8 Bartlett. Auburn P A Baker, Boston
J H Hazeltine. Cal C C Bush, Redding i
W A Hawley, Cal F I) Hyde, NY
G A Legg & w, Cal ' C Krickson, Monterey
II T Power. Auburn J F Farnsworth, X M
1 H Parker, Col/ax J A Shipley, N M
A L Smith, Auburn W F Price, x M '
E Wilson. Auburn A C Hlnkson, Sacto
E A Moody, Gold Run V L Enwripht, Sacto
J McDonald, Menlo (Mrs E W Steele, Cal
C H Leggett, Merced |J L Brumb, C.il
A H Holt. X V W A Mussey & w. Nev
EH Hazelton, S Jose Mrs C G Smith. Minn
L H Valentine. L Ang Miss D Sheehan. Elko
D C Wigus, L. Ang G Tompkins, Cal
L L Gray, Napa S T Nlshumlra, Japan
J P Davenport; L AngJ W Hirdwin, Wash
L H Milton. Oal :G B Adalr.Wash
S D Ballon, Cal W P Hammon, Cal
Mrs N T Biddle, Cal J^O Bell &w, Everett
Mrs M P Morgans., D W Burchard, Cal
Concord ' / •■■•■. ■ ,W X .Tones, Or
Miss Mac Martin, Con- W L Whelan, B C
cord G H Nisbet, B C
W Casele, R Bluff • J Hadden, Cal
O'W Pierce. Davlsville l W P Thomas. Uklah
A C Huston. Cal . I J M ■ Roberts. Cal
R W Browning, Cal W Geary. Sacto
J B Lawson. Cal H L Hudson, lone
A L Shlnn. Saeto C M Wooster. 8 Jose
H H Blood. Nev J M Crane. Berkeley
S H Davis, Sacto F. J Crane, Berkeley
W 8 Green &w. Cml W X Cole, Martlne*
R Robertson, Cal
HOPE FOR THE
OVERDUE SHIP
LAURELBANK
The Prosper'sCaptain
Thinks He Saw Her.
I MANY VESSELS IN HARD LUCK
COMPELLED TO PUT INTO WAY
PORTS FOR REPAIRS.
Arrival of the Steamer Coptic From
China, Japan and Hawaii With
Many Distinguished
Passengers.
•The hopes of the gamblers In reinsur
ance were raised yesterday by the arrival
of the schooner Prosper at Port Towns
end. The British ship Laurelbank is now
out S2 days from Shanghai for Portland,
Or., and 90 per cent reinsurance has been
paid on her. The captain of the Prosper
thinks that in latitude 34 north, longitude
143 east, on October 2S, he saw the Laurel
bank heading northeast. He describes
her as 'gray-colored, painted-port, four
masted bark, with double topgallant
yards and no royals." The captain is not
sure, but thinks the vessel he saw was
the Laurelbank. At the time the prevail
ing wind was from the south and very
strong. There was a heavy sea running.
If this vessel proves to be the Laurelbank
it will be a great thing for the men who
have purchased risks from the under
writers.
Vessels on the way to Pacific Coast
ports and Honolulu seem to ha\e hard
luck this year. The Valkyrlan, truxn
Newcastle, Australia, for Iqulque, is now
out 104 days, and S5 per cent reinsurance
has been paid. The Samoena is out 62
days from Nagasaki for Astoria, and i>o
per cent Is being paid on her, while S per
cent is being paid on the Scottish Hills,
now ISO dayß out from Hamburg for San
Francisco.
Other vessels In hard luck are the
American ship Republic, which started
for Honolulu from .Newcastle, but had to
put into Sydney, N. S. W., with her bo-w
ports leaking-. The British bark Anam
bra, 135 days out from Liverpool for
Honolulu, had to put into Montevideo on
September 16, having been damaged in a
hurricane and the crew sick. The British
ship Wallacetown, from Antwerp for San
Francisco, 149 days out, had to put into
Coquimbo on October 19 Wim her steering
gear badly damaged. The British ship
Kontcnburn, 139 days out from Swansea,
had to put into Rio de Janeiro with her
cargo shifted. She sailed again on Oc
tober 9. The British snip Crown of India,
from Newcastle, Australia, for San Fran
cisco, was dismasted last May in a hurri
cane and had to put Into Syuney for re
pairs. Hit new spars arrived In Australia
on September 29 last, and the vessel Is
now about ready to continue her voyage.
The British ship Eaton Hall, 144 days out
from Swansea for San Francisco, had to
put into Rio de Janeiro on September 3
with her decks damaged and ncr boats
sw>-pt away. Besides these the American
bark Georye F. Manson, from Sydney for
San Francisco, has been given up as lost,
so all in all it has been a bad time for
shipping the last three montns.
The many friends of Captain Mclntyre
will be glad to hear that he is able to be
about again. Just before his ship. Clan
Graham, was ready to sail he was taken
very ill and had to be removed to St.
Mary's Hospital. He has been there for
seven weeks, and was able to leava the
institution for the first time yesterday.
In a week or so he expects to leave for
England via New York, arid will rejoin
hi? ship in Liverpool.
News r. ■ached the city yesterday of the
death of Captain Cross of the British ship
Eulomene. A better-liked master never
came to this port, and his host of friends
will be sorry to hear of his death. Cap
tain Cross left the Eulomene on her last
v , Iva p P and dk-d in Lorrlon of inflamma
tion of the bowels. Tho Eulomene is
now on the Columbia River loading wheat
First Mate L<e MonohW of the French
bark President Thiers had a narrow es
cape for his life on Sunday nig-ht. A num
ber of the crew deserted during the week,
and on Sunday th" matt> went to look
them up. The bark is lying at Beale
street wharf; but L.c Monchier, when he
started to look for her on Sunday night,
got turned around and landed at Lom
bard-street wharf. While looking around
for his vessel he fell overboard, and had
it not been for the crew of the revenue
cutter Golden Gate he would have drown
ed They fished him out of the bay more
dead than alive, and after reviving him
and drying his clothes one of their num
ber helped him navigate to the President
Thiers at Beale street. Yesterday a spe
cial officer put the runaway sailors back
aboard the bark.
The new schooner Mascot, for the South
Sea Island trade, came down from Tur
ner's shipyard yesterday. She is a sister
boat to the Queen of the Isles, and Is in
tended for trading in the New Britain
group. Her headquarters will be at Ma
tupa, and a vessel from Jaluit, In the
Mars'nalls. will meet her twice a year.
Captain D. Schwarting will take tha
Mascot to New Britain.
The cruiser Philadelphia will sail for
Central American ports to-day. If the
war in San Salvador amounts to anything
she will be there to protect American in
terests. All her stores were put on board
yesterday, so she should get away with
the early morning tide.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
steamer Coptic arrived from Hongkong
via Yokohama and Honolulu yesterday,
a day ahead of schedule time.
She made the run from Yokohama to
Honolulu in the good time of 9 days, 13
hours and 32 minutes, and came to San
Francisco in 6 days, 1 hour and 47 minutes.
She brought up sixty-five cabin, thirty
one second cabin and 10S, Chinese In the
steerage. Among those in the cabin were
ex-Queen LiliuoKalani, Rev. Father B.
Dougherty and Paul Neumann. Father
Dougherty went away with the soldier
boys, and returns for a short vacation.
The ex-Queon is here In connection with
the annexation of Hawaii and her claim
against the United States Government,
and Paul Neumann Is here in her inter
ests and also in connection with the es
tate of his nephew, Rudolph, who was
killed on the island of Unga last month.
W. B. Curtis comes from Japan to rep
thr- Toyo Risen Kalsha (Orietnnl
Steamship Company) here. This concern
is heavily subsidised by the Japanese
Government, and 13 going to run three
steamers in conjunction with three of the
Pacific Mail and three of the Occidental
and Oriental steamers. A description of
these vessels and combined schedule of
sailing dates was published exclusively in
The Call over a month ago. Mr. Curtis
was formerly manager of the California
Traffic Association, and was at one time
in the freight department of tho Southern
Pacific.
Thanksgiving at St. Dominic's.
Solemn high mass of Thanksgiving wiir
be sung at 8 a.m. at St. Dominic's Church.
The choir will be under the di
rection of Rhys Thomas and will
consist of the following artists- Mrs
P. \V. McGlade, Miss Clara Atkins. Miss
Lena gore, sopranos; Mrs. Harry Clark
Mrs Madden, contraltos; BCessn Rhys
Thomas and Robert Stantlni, tenors;
Robert Lloyd and Charles Schwurtfeger.
bassos. The organist for the occasion
will be James Hamilton Howe.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, November 21.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, SI hours from
Rndondo via Alcatraz, 32 hours.
Stmr Chllltat, Andersnn, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STKAMERS.
HAMBURG- Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Polarta.
from New York. Sailed Nov 21— Stmr Phoenicia,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 21— Stnjr Cepha
lonla. from Boston.
NAPLES— SaiIed Nov 19— Stmr Ems, for New
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Nov a— Stmr
Rhynland, from Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, from New Tork. J
Divorce Suits Filed.
Agnes Lorntzen has sued H. I_orntzen
for a divorce, alleging intemperance as a
cause of action. Bridget White asks for
a divorce from Robert White on the
ground of failure to provide.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of. Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2251 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2-26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock. _^^^ I
MEETING .NOTICE!*.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. _
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _f_,
ING, Nov. 22. at 7:30 o'clock. P. M. }_3f
and M. E. M. decrees. By order of '▼>
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and Ik
A. M.—Called meeting THIS (TUES- JV_
DAY) EVENING, Nov. 22. at 7:30 TCjf
o'clock. D. 3. /V>
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., _l~
121 Eddy st.. will meet THIS EVEN- _¥_.
ING. 7:30 o'clock. 3 D. !_!_«
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /V> j
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. _~~
M.—Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _A\
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 'If Jf
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /Y>
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6680. |
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st. !
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen. per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship '"nmpanv will be pay- :
able at.the office of the company, 327 Market i
st: on and after Thursday, December 1, i-98. j
Transfer books will close on Friday. Novem- j
ber 25. 189-. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—HE^UALfi.
COMPETENT German nursery governess and
seamstress desires situation; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook and housework girl
desires situation; 3V& years last place; city
j or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Irish waitress and chambermaid
desires situation; 2 years last place. MISS
CULLEN. .25 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and house-
worker, $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sut-
ter st. : ?:■:■:?.
SWEDISH housegirl with 3 years' references
wishes situation. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS German cook; understands all
branches; good references. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter Bt.
COMPETENT Swedish cook, also general house
girl, best of reference, desire situations. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
PACIFIC Employment Office — Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market: tel. Clay 130.
WANTED—By refined middle-aged woman
without lncumbrance, position as housekeeper
in small plain family. Box 1638. Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes situation
to do general housework; Is good plain cook.
Please call at IIOOVs Stevenson St., near 12th.
COMPETENT English cook; understands
French and American cooking; good butter
maker; references. Box 1637. Call office.
COMPETENT German girl wishes position In
private family; is a good cook; wages $25.
Call 204 McAllister St., room 4.
WORK wanted by the 4_.y. Call 989 Howard
st room 42.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman desires
place to do light housework; is good plain
cook; reference; wages $8 to $10. Call two
days, 747 Howard St. '.'
WOMAN from the South wants situation as
■working housekeeper. MRS. GLENN, 215
Kearny st.
GERMAN woman wishes to do washing, iron-
ing and housecleaning by the day. Call 2
Welsh St., bet. Third and Fourth.
SITUATION wanted by Canadian Scotch
woman in private family; good cook. Call
1065 Market st.
LADY would like a few more engagements;
old sealskins and sealette3 made Into the
latest styles. Box 1900, Call office.
WOMAN wants work. ironing, washing, house-
work of any kind. Inquire at 529 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by Danish girl; does up-
stairs work and sewing. Call at Y. W. C. A.,
1259 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN with a child wishes to do housework;
city or country; small wages. Box 1640, Call.
AMERICAN lady of refinement, pleasing man-
ner, desires position in dental parlors, doc-
tor's office; capable: reference. Address or
call for three days, MRS. VIRGE. 407 Taylor.
BRIGHT, honest girl o; 16 desires position in
store, office or factory; references. Box 1641,
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, first-class cook and
laundress, wishes situation In private fam-
llv; city or country; good references. 721 Bush
st., in rear. .."..' :;■« --
RESPECTABLE housekeeper would like posi-
tion. Apply E. J.. 1941 Mission st.
WANTED —Position as housekeeper by lady
with a boy. Address call 515 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
children's nurse; would assist with upstairs
work or sewing; good references. 445 O'Far-
rell st.
AN experienced worker wants work by the
day," week or month: good references. Apply
7 Franklin st.
A COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework: reference: city preferred.
Call 2 days. 736 Myrtle St.. Oakland.
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day, washing or house-cleaning. 615 Birch
avenue. '
BY an Eastern woman, a situation as work-
Ing housekeeper, chamberwork or cook in
mining camp. Address Home, 35 Fifth st.,
room 3.
SITUATIONS wanted by man and wife in pri-
vate place or hotel; city or country; man
to work around place: all round handy man;
wife to do second work. Box 1507. Call office.
YOUNG lady, good reader, herself well read,
would like to secure engagements by the hour
to read to children. invalids and others de-
plrlng such services. Address box 1980. Call.
. SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
JAPANE3E-CH_NKSE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 421.
SOBER married man wants work of any kind; j
understands care of horses; handy with tools-
beat of references. Box 1*99, Call office.
WANTED—Work as a bread or cake baker.
Address 108 Main st.
GOOD general blacksmith who can run en-
gine wishes situation in some mining town.
Box 1633. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as
schoolboy; no wages. Address Y. D.. 683
Geary st.
RELIABLE colored boy of 15. residing with
parents, wishes place with doctor or anything
of trust. 4H 1. post st.
ELDERLY, active, competent man wants work
as man about place; wages very moderate;
first-class references. Gardener, box 1611. Call.
BY middle-aged man, German, generally use-
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden
in private family; references, O. M., 674 East
Sixteenth St.. East Oakland.
GENTLEMAN and wife with* no children will
take charge of home in owner's absence; rent
free: references .or bond. JACKSON. 811
Howard st.
ENGINEER wants position in laundry or else-
where; can furnish references. Box 1643, Call.
FRENCHMAN and wife desire situations with
well-to-do family; man ■ able to attend to
horses or general work around house; wife
good cook, sewer And housewoman. Box 1392,
Call office. - '
WANTED—A position as fireman; good No. 1
oil or coal ' burner; best of references. Bex
1630, Call office. ■ - ■
GARDENER will take charge gentleman's pri- :
vat,, grounds; understands laying out of new
grounds; renovation of old grounds also; 36
years' old; married; no children; would take
chars'" of house and grounds In absence of
family; first-class references. Box 1514. Call.
ENGINEER, young man wishes situation as
oiler or any other kind of work around the
engine or. boiler: good mechanic; wages no
object. Box 16T2. Call office. .
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference; state the
wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25. to $1 50 night; $1 60 to IS
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus '
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
_ SWEDISH or German housework girls, $25
and $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. •
I WAITRESS, Oakland, small private family,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter It.
HOUSEWORK, Antioch. $25; Alameda, $20; San
Jose, $25; and other towns. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN,
I 325 Sutter st.
! NEAT young girl, light work, $10 to $15. MISS
* CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
' - WAITRESSES. Southern California, $22 50;
: special rates- 6 waitresses, city and country:
\ $20; 3 restaurant waitresses. $5; 2 waitresses
small places. $4: 2 fancy ironers, and
found- plain laundress, country hotel. $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. «M Geary st.
SWEDISH housegirl. $25; ranch cook, short
ways in country. $23: woman cook for small
family and men (no washing). $2o; 3 house-
girls for same country town. $lo and $17 50:
housegirl for Carson. Nev.. $15: French sec-
ond girl. $20; see lady here; and many young
i girls for city and country. C. «, tIA-sst-.N
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED woman for housework in country.
$20; see party here. C. R. HAN SEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ___^ —
FIRST-CLASS seamstress and chambermaid,
private family, $25; German nurse. $20; laun-
dress and chambermaid. $25: 6 girls general
housework In city. $25; Alameda. $20 and $Jo;
Belvedere. $25: Swiss or German cook for
dairy hands, $2."; 4 waitresses. $25 or $o week;
and a great many girls to fill situations In
city. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
i LAUNDRESS. $25: second girl, $20; waitress.
: $25; German, woman, small ranch. $2?.; cook
and second girl, same house, $30 and $20;
housegirl. $25, two in family; young girl to
assist. $12: nursegirl. $10: middle-aged woman.
$15: boarding house cook, $20: houseglrl. San
Rafael. $25; Alameda, $20; number of girls.
cooking and housework. $25 and $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— We will Instruct young girls to
operate in our white and flannel shirt de-
partments. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY.
Corner Gough and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED glovernakers. Carson Glove
Co., 35 Market st.
A BANDAGE maker. Apply 404 Sutter st.
GOOD finishers on coats. 206 Minna st.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 118
Montgomery avenue^
AT ONCE— Neat young girl for light house-
work; good home: wages $10 to $12. i-"> ' Clay.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats. 106
Battery st. :■ »•*'■:".
GIRL for general housework; three in family.
Apply 2143 Larkin st.
WAIST and skirt hand; experienced. 625 Gol-
den Gate aye.
YOUNG woman for general housework for 2
SS7A Natoma st.
GIRL about 15 years to assist with light house-
work. 1418 O'Farrell st.
GIRL or middle-aged, reliable woman for
housework; small family: good home; wages
$10. 3702 Twenty-third st. ; Castro cars.
GIRL to assist with housework. 386 San Josa
aye. .
WANTED— GirI for general housework: three
In family; no children; wages $10 or $12. Ap-
ply 1127 Nebraska St.. after 11 o'clock.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. 41U4 fe
Kearny St.. top floor.
60 LADY waiters at Kalmar dance hall, 811>fc
Kearny. Apply bet. 2 and 4p. and after 3.
TAILORESS to heln on custom coats. 228
Minna, upstairs. Call early.
WANTED — Girls as apprentices on pants. 854
Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS hair dressers wanted at <_. Le-
DERER'S, 123 Stockton st.
NEAT young girl to assist with general house-
work. 1218 A Fulton st. -
FIRST-CLASS waitress. 305 O'Farrell St.;
wages $5 per week.
BUTTONHOLE maker on custom coats. Please
call early at 466 Clementina st.
OPERATORS and finishers on custom pants;
steady work. 923% Folsom st.
WANTED— A tailoress at 40S& Larkin st.
PRESSER wanted on custom pants; steady
work. 923V_ Folsom st. . - . <
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL
& MICHEL'S, 531 Mission st.
GIRL for general housework; references re-
quired. 1685 Post st. ■
GOOD steady finisher on pants. Apply 560
Fourth st. M. SHAFER.
GIRL to assist in light housework. 1812% Stock-
ton st.
WANTED — A girl to assist with housework and
child of 3. $10. 1135 Devisadero st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' waists, skirts,
etc. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell st.
APPRENTICE for millinery. AARON. 2U
Sutter st.
TAILORESS as fine pants finisher; custom
work. 313 1 - Kearny St., top floor, room 18.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply: embroidery taught. 546 Sutter.
GOOD finishers on custom coats; steady work;
good wages. 409 Clementina st.
GERMAN girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Apply 2SII Clay St., from 10 to 12 a. m:;
wages $25.
WOMAN; general work lodging house; with
husband or child over 12. 118 Eddy st.
LADIES everywhere to mail circulars, samples
and copy letters at home; reply with stamped
envelope. PEERLESS CO.. South Bend, In I.
WANTED— on flannel overshlrts: _
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 364 Fremont st.
WANTED — Lady or gent; pleasant work: good
wages; experience not necessary. 136 6th. r. 2.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position-
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post. «
LEARN sewing at KSISTER'S; good position*;
patterns. 10c up. lIS McAllister st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
HELP WANTED—
WANTED— An honest hotel man who can act
as steward and manager; American preferred;
. one who can give San Francisco references;
to the right kind of a man this is a- good op-
portunity. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— S miners, $2 50 day and $40 and
board; stableman, $30 and board: men to clear
land. $25 acre; cooks waiters and dishwash-
ers and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT i_
CO., 628 Sacramento st.^
WANTED— Colored hotel waiter for country,
fare advanced. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED — American bookkeeper who can
use typewriter and if possible one who under-
stands shorthand; situation is In the country
and one of responsibility:, references must be
given and from San Francisco people. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
fie TO-DAY $16
*..... FOR SKAGUAY
ship laborers and rockmen for the Alaska
Railroad at 10 o'clock _ this morning
Fare $18
'" C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
IRONER. No. 9 Troy. $10 a week: trotter col-
lar and cuff machine, hotel, $30 and • found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOODCHOPPERS, Sonoma and Sacramento
counties. Tic to ?1 50 a cord. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Gear}' st.
LABORERS mountain railroad, ship to-night.
C. H. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BROILER. $50; cook, $40; kitchen hands, dish-
washers. etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. ■ ■ . •
COLORED porter and runner for Nevada, $25,
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. V"-:. : ;
NIGHT porter and bookkeeper, country hotel
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
MURRAY & READY.... ...PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY
26 woodchoppers, $1 cord, pine and redwood'
2? tlemakers..... g c 9c. 12,. each
brick burner. $35 ...6 farm hands
driver milk wagon express wagon driver
* A LSO ........
6 cooks. $50 to $30 and fd baker, "_i_\'tA
8 waiters, $30. $25 & fd 2d baker* $20 & fd
: • MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Station agent for a private rail-
K d: lt mUBt b , e a BlnKle man of eVrtence In
this line and lurnish references; salary $60
J^gco C t^ at w - D
WANTED-Confectioner and ice cream man
r^,Vn^tnS nd T lfe , tor . Chouse. $45 aM
UKE S. ifl? hands. -» 16 to $25, etc. AN-
uke S, 316 Stockton st.
R i\?r°?M;"" i"T lth 'i? 30: - ranch Ahorse team-
fiir-J 261 ,, sl _ te EPlUters. $2 50 a day; waiter.
$25 10 woodchopp-rs. Soc. $1 and $1 25 a cord
*0 tlemakers. i? and lie each: 10 Postmakers
610 Clay «?' *" T ■ WARD & °°- 608 and
F A HS C^ AS ? . £ eratorß ladles' tailor suits.
A. KAHN, 142 Geary st.HELP WANTED— Continued.
BRIGHT boy, 16 years, to learn trade; refer-
ences; call after 9 a. ni. CARSON GLOVE
CO.. S3 Market at. "
WANTKP— A tailor on custom coats; steady
work. r.CS Minna st.
7 MEN. no experience, to-day for ships at
HERMAN'S, ?>i Stcuart st.
YOUNG man as Janitor in exchange for course
in sliorthnr.il. Room 9, Mercantile Library.
f:.\Hi; e!i.^p for sale cheap on account, of \
pioknpss. S. FueHs. 325 Grant aye.
JVtKPHER wanted on custom coats. 027 Market
r-t., room 626.
FTKADY barber wanted. 35S Third st.
MAN with experience In shooting gallery. 503
Kearny st.
i
YOUNG man painter; stage worker. Call be-
tween 7 and 8 o'clock. 1757 Howard st.
•\ GOOD plain cook for small boarding-house.
JI2 Main st.
PARTNER in barber business; must be tem-
perate and have some means. Box 1642.
BOY wanted In a grocery; German preferred.
Apply Grocery, Polk ar.d Union sts.
fVALKPMAN: city or country: factory to con- j
Fuiner: ■ rmanent; profitable. ELLEN- :
WOOD. 11"! Eddy st.
\VATKUP. musicians for social purposes. 328
Busll st.. room 4, third floor.
RECRUITS wanted for the .ted States Ma-
rllTe Corps. United States navy; able-bodied, J
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30 1
rears, who are citizens of the United States, |
or those who have '.ogally declared their in- {
tontion to become ?«oh; must be of good char- ;
ncter and habits md ablo to speak, read and ■
write English; md be between 5 feet 5 inches I
and G feet la height. For further Information
apr-lr at the Recrultins Office. 40 Ellis at.. I
Prui 'Francisco. Cal. !
"WjVNTED— Lab rets and mechanics to know •
that K<\ Kclkin; Reno House proprietor, still I
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large!
rr.-ir.s, 25c per night; $1 to S3 per week. :
WANTF-D-^At Montana House. 764 ! i Mission ,
st , men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 2-^c per j
night: 60c, t'Oc and $1 per week.
MEN ar.'l ivcmen to learn barber trade at San '
Franc!sc-> Birber ColleKe, 138U Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment [
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye. I
MHN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or ]
trade guaranteed. $lc. 1542 Market st. 1
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts. ; I
1 thoroughly renovated: 200 rrns: 15c, 25c night. !
INGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 23c per night; 73c, $1 j
to $2 50 per wk. ElcHo House. 5634 Market st. j
ARBERS 1 Progressive Union; free employ- j
m"t. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; te!. Jessie 1164. j
[EN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's '
soleir.p. 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st. '
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and j
c!erk3. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, larse. sunny and airy 1
room. 23c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 057 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2,'..- a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
-ilia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and bajrga^e to and from the ferry.
CHKAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
raM.
AGENTS WANTED.
100 GOOD agents; good profits; article every
family needs. 513 Taylor st. Hours 10:30. 1:30.
DEWEY Publishing Co., Westneld. Mass.,
wants local agents for life of Admiral George
Dewey and Dewey family history.
ACTIVE solicitors everywhere for "The Story
of the Philippines," by Murat Halstead, offi-
cial historian of War Department; written In
army camps at San Francisco, on Pacific with
Gen. Merritt, in insurgent camps with Aguin-
aldo, on deck of the Oiympla with Dewey. and
in the roar of battle at fall of Manila; bo-
nanza for agents; large book; low prices; big
profits: freight paid; credit given; outfit free.
Dominion Co., Dept. H. Chicago.
ACTIVE woman to take measures for Clark's
new electric and Royal Queen corsets; salary
and commission. Call 1253 Broadway. Oakland.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty; Just In. Greater West Advertising ft Nov-
elty Co., 1155>4 Washington St.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
' HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— By responsible couple, rooming
ouse 10 tn 30 rooms; rent or take charge.
Box Xl?. Call office. -_^
ROOMS WANTED.
THREE or 4 furnished housekeeping rooms:
must be reasonable; answer to-day. Box
1635. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
SECOND-HAND furniture for 6 rooms; cash.
Box 1639. Call office.
WANTED— Second-hand cash register. Apply
66S Mission St.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
tug: second-hand 109 Montgomery st. :
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT S3 GO PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
-■ nway upright 1 ; 7 50
(.•flickering upright 233 00
mer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And- over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and rave $50 on each piano.
Office ot
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AR we are telling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we aslswou to investl-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
Ir, eood second-hand uprights upon same easy
ravments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealer?, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. -an Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
AESOI T'TKLY the oldest and largest house
, vt , ct ,;. Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 ? ? and 30 O'Farrell Bt. ; ; lanos, organs and
all •her musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DUPING the next few weeks while our store
is beint; remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In plnno#and musical merchandise:
rail and Bet our prices. ZL-NO MAL\AIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
YOU want c piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT cttrtAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
pel! we buy for cash. We own our own
building We guarantee anything purchased I
from is for ten years. 526 Hayes st. j
AN elegant Stein- upright, but little used i
an-! in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer 1
Piano Warer-ooma. ISI3 Market st.
BENJ CURTAZ ■, SON. sole agents for Chick-
<r.r;^. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st. J
A MAGNIFICENT high grade nlfuio, slightly |
■ ■^fi\- cheap for cash. Room 10. Flood hldg. I
BARGAIN: e;oofi Steinway upright; cheap.
' BCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next Kibemia Bank. j
AN elegant Steinway. upright, for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
lIAINES' Bros and other Brst-cla*S planes at
reduced prices. W. C HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 210 McAllister.
"AD" srdallest : prices lowest: uprights. $75 up;
rents £2 lip. HEINE. 136 Ellis Ft.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER .v CHASE. 30 O'Fnrrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, 0! I and new. H.
MULLEIt. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
1 MARKET ST.— Branch offlcg of Th« Call.
W»nt !\<\k ami si; l^r-riitlons taken.
CARI'F.T CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning: Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
_ and JO Elgin st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN j(ou become dlt-supled with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
bt-atlng Works, 353-57 Tchama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at r,e per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st. :. cleaning 2c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; ttl. East 126.
AIDVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Et. ;
r-l. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
TYP— RITE US.
ALL tpewrtters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
Trices. ALEXANDER 9s CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $26; Calfgraph, $15; Yost. $25:
get sample work. SCOTT. 833 Montgomery at.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St., the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have ii large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns.
$1300— SALOON; on best part of Market st.
rent $:!'>«; price only good for 10 days. WILKE
,<. UNFUG, MX Market st.
$15*0— GROCERY and bar on good business
street] kept by present owner for long years; I
good reason for selling; cheap for amount
asked; rent $60. WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st.
A--$330; ("HOP house and coffee saloon; Market
and Eddy sts.; a splendid bargain; must be
sold to-day. WILKE & UNFUG, 908 Market.
A— slsoo; SHOE store; 1 block from City Hall:
splendid paying; stock worth the money;
owner bought ranch. WILKE _ UNFUG. 90«
Market st.
-1660; OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant in
wholesale district; no Sunday or night work;
a well-known and Srst-class paying place; a
genuine good bargain; sickness cause of sale.
WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
$750 — HALF ■( well-paying, pleasant commis-
slop. business; or will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & UNFUG.
$3000— LARGE nursery; fine running order; heart
of city; anybody "can run this and make
money; sickness; exchange for Alamcda Co.
property. "\VILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
A— We have buyers to Invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$400— CORNER saloon; clears $73 month; a snap,
J223— Cor. grocery and bar: clears $73 month.
$L>r.O— Restaurant; No. 1 location: clear $60. mo.
$125— Branch bakery; Market st.; rent $15.
Cigar store: receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at'Natlonal Agency. 7 Brant ___. '
$430— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety!
store: near school; clears $75 month: 3 rooms; |
rent $20; ' bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant. 1
$2.:.O— PARTNER wanted In beer bottling busi- j
ness; have over 300 customers; fine horses.
wagons, etc.; sure to clear $73 per month to
each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$125— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor. 3
rooms; rent $15. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
A^sl73o; CORNER saloon; best on Market st.
$50 to $75 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22** Geary.
A— $1100: GROCERY and bar; Hayes Valley;
established 14 years; must sell. KRLDO &
CO.. 22' i Geary st.
A— sSso; CORNER grocery and bar; Third St.;
big,' business; living rooms. KREDO & CO.,
22^ Geary st. '
A— s°3o- COFFEE and lunch: est. 20 years; $15.
to (20 daily. KREDO _ CO.. 22H Geary et.
A— sl2s; DINING-ROOM; 30 steady boarders;
good transient; clears $100. KREDO & CO..
22H Geary .-t.
$1100— ROAD house. Including building; doing
business $15 a day; old established stand for |
years; cars pass door. JONES, 565 Market st. J
$750 — SALOON near Palace Hotel; handsomely
fitted up; doing good business; disagreement
of partners cause sale; Just half price.
JONES, 865 Market St.
$250— CIGAR store on one of the leading streets
north of Market; good business; fine fixtures;
cheap rent. JONES, 865 Market st.
PARTNER wanted with $125; advertising busi-
ness opportunity of a lifetime; will clear $75
a month to each sure. JONES, 865 Market st.
A— TWO special bargains in rooming houses;
finest location In city; doing splendid busi-
ness; special reason for selling: thorough In-
vestigation. S. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market.
A— s7s, BRANCH bakery, notions, candy; rare
bargain. S. H. GOULD _ CO.. 632 Market.
PARTNER wanted in brokerage busi-
ness; 20 ' yearn old: well located; investigate
this. S. H. GOUIfD & CO.. 632 Market St.
A— CIGAR stands from $225 to $1500; all -well
located and doing good paying business. S.
H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market St.
A FEW of STENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
$SoO— Partner; livery stable.
$250— Delicacy store -
$900 — Fine corner saloon.
$400— Partner; paying restaurant, i
Cigar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner in auction house.
— Oyster grotto: rent $15; a snap.
.We sell and exchange real estate
..and business places of all kinds
STENBERG CO.. 26H Kearny st.
$550— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain: death
In the family cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO.. 777 Market st.
$350 — CORNER saloon: a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$400 — PARTNER wanted in light business
where the services of a plain, steady . man :
are preferred to hired help: business long j
established and too much for one man; no 1
experience required; trial given; $1S to $30 a j
week each. 117 Stockton fit., front office.
A— s2so; BARGAIN: sobriety and steadiness j
wanted. LOEWENSTEIN, bet. Sixth and j
Seventh Bts. 1
GOOD opportunity for man with family who
can give massage and run salt water tub
bathing; plenty room for store or barber
shop; sell cheap on account of sickness. Box |
1634. Call office. !
WANTED— Party to take an interest In well
known boiler cleansing fluid business with j
manufacturing rights. Write R. V., 214 .
Stockton St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Furnished dining room in good lo-
cality: board given In exchange for rent. Box
1628, Call office.
A WELL established paying business. $1000:
experience not needed. Address box 1650, Call.
SHOE shop doing fine business; good location; [
cheap rent. 332 -Bush st.
FOR SALE— SI2S; fruit and candy store; value
in sight. Call 136 Powell st.
CIGAR stand for $175; well located: fair busi-
ness. Box 1636, Call office.
$150 BUYS best little business in Oakland; no
night or Sunday work: no experience neces- j
sary; owner has other business; sell cheap or j
take partner. Box 106. Call office. Oakland. t
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns: secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright. rm. 709. 927 Market.
$140— BARBER shop In Vallejo for sale; paying
$20 per week: cheap rent; owner leaving city.
Addresg W. J. P.. box 288, Vallejo, Cal.
2 FIRST-CLASS restaurants and coffee saloons:
sell one or both. Inquire "of the proprietor,
315 Bush st. •
BARBER shop: good steady trade; fine loca-
tion on account of other business. ■ 227 ML
A BARGAIN— Elegant bar fixtures. Apply Wle-
land's Brewery, from 11 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole Interest in best
paying restaurant in Oakland: present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business In San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed: fullest investigation and ]
trial before buying. E. E. BUNCE. 908 |
Broadway, Oakland^ ]
(150 — BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent $S. 1669 Grove
st.. Oakland.
START a mail order business at home. Par-
ticulars for stamp. OF.MOND CO.. Dept. 73,
Chicago.
OlL— Wanted capital to develop oil fields. Ad-
dress box 1625. Call office.
NEW three-room ark for sale cheap. Box 481.
Call office. Oakland.
FOR ■ SALE — oyster house. 307 Grant
avenue.
GOOD business proposition to right man; small
capital required; estabd. trade; no experience
necessary. Box 3008. Call office, Oakland.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures; in good location; investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
Call office.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beaie st
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
NICE diamond stud for $39; cost originally $70. ]
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ONE 37-ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
ft. eloop: £l-ft. launch. 2 horse power, gaso-
line: 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand- boats. "H. EN-
OBLBBECHT. miccecsor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-IU2J Mission st.,
above Sixth. _^
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia, I
CAL. Belting Co., rnfgs, leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd.. 519 Mission: tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, CC ordS,. $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Bac\r a iupl. 935-952 Market.
~j~~ n POOL, house-mover.'yjoaler second-hand
'bulidlng material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— in new and sVcpnd hand; all
sizes: holf original cost. 109-111 Market. S. P.
SEWING MACHINES. V
TrT'rnMATIC "Domestic, Singer and V^{ tc '
cheap; repaiririß guaranteed. 1915 Mission^.
n MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold: 1
maclilne replies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 4s.
ALL kinds bought, Bold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22, 1898.
LODGING HOUSES FOX BALE.
H~~C~ DECKER, 1020 Market at., opp. Fifth.
48-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; easy payments $SOO
24-room bouse; new house and furniture.. 830
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
10 rooms; central; clears $60 430
SEE MY LIST IN TO-DAY'S
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER !
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
65-room house; cost $6000; only 3300
10-room house; only 150 ]
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 650 '
4C-room house; corner 1200 i
24 rooms; clears $100 600 |
14 rooms on Powell st.; new 650
22 rooms near City Hall 600
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300
100 rooms: corner: best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED...:
REMEMBER THE NUMBER
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
, H. C. DECKER..
A— KREDO & CO 22VJ Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; transient ; fine corner $500
II rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 600
12 rooms; McAllister: clears $50 325
12 rooms; Golden Gate; elegant 900 j
14 rooms; all outside bay-windows 800 .
15 rooms; near Market; transient 300
15 rooms; Geary; clears $100 1050
17 rooms; elegant; O'Farrell; clears $150.. 150
$E5O; 37 rooms; best transient; clears $150 a
month. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant: fine $SOO
76 rooms: select: transient: corner 3500 I
28 rooms; rent $55 550
14 rooms; north of Market; clears $50..... 550 I
10 rooms: all new furniture 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL !
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
14 rooms; Geary Ft.; offer wanted $1100 j
16 rooms; corner and cheap rent; only 750 I
25 rooms; new; part cash 900 I
32 rooms; rent $90; fine 1300 |
66 rooms: will exchange (ranch) 3000
See Examiner and Chronicle
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.: I
10 rms.: Hyde 5t. .5250118 rail.; Post 5t.... $600
18 rms.; Third St.. 55137 rms.; Howard... 700 ;
20 ms. ; Geary St. «00 50 rms.: Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
1 $1400— LODGING house. 20 rooms, north of Mar-
ket st. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
A— 70 and 100 room houses to let: also SOO j
' flats at SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
{SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION^
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new. that i
she has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market st
■ This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you |
utter a word she tells you In full of all that |
you are Interested In; business, speculation, j
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends 1
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis, :
■ rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ncr- j
I vous affections. The wonderful cures which j
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
! cures disease with revealed remedies; consult i
I when others fail; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st. !
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, IQc. 805 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
S p.m., 2.-.c. 409 Leavenworth st. ,
DR LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.. i
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027^ Mrkt. !
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth st.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. llSHalghtst^^
MRS ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. t p. m.;
Mon.. 8. 25c: sittings $1. 283 Valencia St.
I : — — — — «—
i 4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
' CHEAPEST and. best in America— The Weekly
1 Call. Sent to any address in the United j
States or Canada cue "ear lor $1 60. postage '■
paid.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CONSULT the lucky medium. 3494 Minna St.,
near Fifth.
MME. LENEMAR, fort, by planets: predicted
rescue passengers srtr. Gold, '74; 23M; Cth, r. 3. j
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader: j
past, present and future; 25c. 143 Sixth, rm. It.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVEN'A reads life fluently: business
; advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
1 MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st. j
f 4 MARKET ST.— Branch ' office of The Call. j
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veying. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.: life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month. :•
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. ]
SET teeth, $4: fill., gold &oc, silv. 2oc: crowns j
$3; 9. a. m. to 10 p. m. Parlors, 233 Kearny. I
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th Ft. i
LESSONS given In English branches, French,
piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 603 Eddy st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS jean HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
' ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell; I
16 yrs. experience. Press Club hldg.. 123 Ellis. !
• BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically 1
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub- !
ber; full set of teeth. $5; crowns, $3; fill-
IngS, 60c; teeth without platos a specialty: 1
written guarantee for ten years given on all I
work; no students employed: extracting free:
when plates are ordered; consultation free. 1
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and I
Mason s'.a. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years; 1
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work j
our sppclnltv fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 60: all ;
•--•• painless and warranted. Chicago Den- ;
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, Kerv'T? Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
antee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 8 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $s: 'fillings, gold, $1 up; silver, '2sc
up; bridge work: plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 669 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set!
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, Me up' all work pain-
less and' guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
897 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work; reaso-^hle; gas given.
ALL — ork reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of t-*tn without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. ISII Polk st.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
rarts. harness; Grand Arcade - Horse Mar-
ket. ?27 Sixth; auction, sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— carloads of horses from 1200 to
20PO lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LADY'S cart, top buggy, phaeton, sulky and I
two-seated wagon at half price. Fifteenth
f»nd Valencia sts. , ' fc . 1
THREE-QUARTER seat piano-box rubber tire
road buggy for sale cheap. Can be seen at
921 Sutter st. \ -
HORSE, harness and delivery wagon. 25 Pearl
• St., bet Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
S^o^v^yw PHYSICIANS. __■___;
IlEsiovAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
andT^aidence, 1021V4 Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
PERSONALS.
MIDDLE-AGED South German business man ,
wants to make acquaintance or respectable
lady; object matrimony; no triflers. Box 1651, •
Call office.
MRS S. A. JOHNSON, hair culturlst, of No. 5 I
Delaware court, has returned from the East.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
CO.. Chicago, 111., for sure exterminator.
LEDERER. the hairdresser, uses Qulnonla for i
a hair tonic; it's unsurpassed; 35c a bottle; \
try it. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St. |
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges I
but 25c ' Loderer's Foamo Shampoo is the
most popular hair wash in the market; only
5c a package. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
HIGHLY educated gentleman will give Italian |
or French lessons; reasonable. 1222 Pine st. ;
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c: gents
25c. 77 Ninth st.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture; j
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail: coun-' !
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter. j
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy |
have your shoes made to order at store prices ;
by Family Shoe Factory. 1550-1554 Market st. |
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester i
House 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
26c to $1 50 per night; $160 to $6 per week; ;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st. j
TOOTH ACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache !
Drops;* for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.; Alameda :
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; children's '
dresses a specialty; reasonable. 834 Eddy st. |
TAYLOR, MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak- I
ing; fit "guaranteed; ev'g. waists specialty.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring I
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers. |
MME GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses, $3
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-15
HOUSES TO LET.
HOWARD, 2305— Elegant sunny house. 9 rooms
and bath; basement and yard; rent reduced to
reliable parties. ; ' I
HYDE 416— Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath
In good order. Apply 418 Hyde st.
MODERN residence, 3415 Jackson St.: grand
view: 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 626 Market st. •
OAK 29 near Market— l2- room house; rent
$40; 2 permanent roomers still In house, who
ray $25 per month, desire to stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant aye.
PERRY 208. near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8: water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
BEN & CO. ;
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
Emmery st. _; i
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat; 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sur.ny side.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath; unfurnished; modern; $12; water free.
2519 Golden Gate aye. or NAVLET. 401 Geary.
CLAYTON. 874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
FLAT 4 rooms ar<* bath. 904 Minna St., near
Tenth. . ■
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms, bath; modern im-
provements. 3435 Twentieth st., bet. How-
and Capp; rent reduced.
FRAN— LIN, 715— Corner upper flat 6 rooms and
bath; near Golden Gate aye. ■ ' ...
HAVES, 339-Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken. f :
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
gas; bath: rent $16.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
THANKSGIVING week we will offer 10 to 30
days' free rent to every flat or house we rent:
we have ten flats, 3 rooms, $7; cozy 5-room
cottages. $12, etc., at SPECK & CO.'S. 802 ;
Market St.' •
WE can rent you a flat - with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery it. '
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$12, $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2205* Geary st. |
$23— MODERN flat of 8 rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 1128 Howard St. ;
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., between
Gough and Octavla.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. - ■
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A LARGE nice tunny room, complete for house-
keeping; folding bed; new stove; suitable for
2 persons; $8 per month. Apply shoe store,
562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts. •
CALIFORNIA, 705— Rooms; light housekeeping;
furnished and unfurnished; other rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 81—3 nice rooms; fine yard;
cheap; key upstairs.
EDDY, Very desirable sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; private residence; no
children.
ELLIS. 532—4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4. \
FIFTH, 3."3— Furnished housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath. $20; also 3. $_: single, $5.
FIFTH 3?2 — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM, 953. near Sixth— front furnished
rooms; private. _J
FOLSOM, 2348—3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
GEARY, 1505— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms; light housekeeping; cheap.
GEARY, 1812V4— 3 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; no children. •
GROVE 202, corner Van Ness aye. un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range :
HOWARD, 523— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete; and others reasonable.
MASON 805 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MINNA 281, corner Fourth— Furnished house-
kpg complete; front double and single; chp.
MISSION. 834—2 sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; also others, $1 25 up.
MISSION 1217— Sunny front suites complete for
housekeeping; $12. $14 and $16.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
POST. Front and back parlor: conven-
iences for housekeeping; French family; prl. .
SEVENTH. 2C2— Housekeeping rms.; newly pa-
pered; sun all day; large yard; also fur rm.rs.
Sl-ITH, 216V4— Sunny large front rooms also
suites: light • housekeeping; rent reasonable.
SIXTH 420— -Sunny bay-window rooms: house-
keeping; run, water, bath; also single rms.
SIXTH. 561, in the rear— large unfurnished
rooms; cellar and yard. :
THIRD. 309— Large furnished room complete,
$7: 2 for $10; bedroom, $5 month. ■ ■ ■•/'
TURK, 543 — 2 sunny rooms complete for house-
keeplng; gas stove: $14
ROOMS TO LET. '
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kenrny st.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable,
AT ! 52 Second— Double rooms per week. $1 50 to
$3; single. >! to $1 50: day, 2.".c to 50c. '
BALBOA. The. 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms &oc, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BUSH, 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
•■ rooms.
BUSH, Newly furnished bay-window suite;
also cozy single room. ' - ■
CALIFORNIA. OS Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board if desired.
CLARA, 166%. near Fifth— Two or three
rooms. . ' ' ; . .
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.: $8. $10 mo.
FOLSOM, 756— Furnished nice front room with
stove; also single; $4.
GEARY, Elegant sunny suite parlors; other
sunny rooms ; light housekeeping.
GEARY, — Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GOLDEN GATE \ aye., Nicely furnished
rooms. $6 and $8.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — sunny rooms: en suite and
Kingle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, Nicely furnished front
room; running water. , bath. etc.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCK Mouse. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; SI 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell Cheap, neat,
light, sunny rooms; transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J. King.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
OAK 115— Pleasant front room in German fam-
ily; upstairs. MRS. KAUFNER.
OAK 119 — Two nicely furnished rooms; heavy
.housekeeping; separate entrance: sunny.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL Sunny front suite, $6 week;
single rm.. double bed, $2 50; run, water; tran.
O'FARRELL, 537— R00m suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
POST, Large neatly furnished room;
rent SB.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; leasonable.
SEVENTH 178— Sunny cheerful rooms for
" housekeeping; yard; also single front rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 824—3 sunny furnished rooms;
single or housekeeping; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA. 308, near Fourth— Nice clean single
rooms, $3 and $4 per month.
TEHAMA, 310 A —Suite of two furnished rooms.
Call' between 6 and 7 p. jn.
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located; rooms
en suite or single. 25c to $1 night; SI 23 to Jo
week; open all night; Howard-st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains, r •
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms cr suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 154— Nice sunny room very cheap; prl-
vate family. .
TWELFTH, — Newly furnished room for
2 gentlemen; gas and bath; private.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3224. near Valencia—
furnished alcove front room, with hot and
cold water, gas and bath, suitable for 2, rent
cheap; also a single room, with hot and cold
i water, $5; private- family.
WASHINGTON. 602— Changed hands; renovat-
ed: minny unfurn. rms.: offices: run, water.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
FIRST, 415— Swedish- private boarding, with
room, *4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
"IRVING." 1070 Valencia Bright sunny
rooms: large grounds: with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
Ing; parlor: piano: bath- gents: special rates.
SOUTH PARK. Furnished room, with
board, S4 and $5: home cooking.
SUTTER. 1125— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable. '
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and Klngle rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED. '
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like to
board anu care for 1 or 2 children. 30 Wil-
low aye., bet. Larktn and Polk, near Eddy.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara, st.
I INFANT or small child: good home; JlO a
month. .10 Lexington aye.
1
STORES TO LET.
CLEMENTINA, Store and 4 rooms, bar and
fixtures ; cheap rent. Key upstairs.
CORNER store. Twenty-second arid. Castro sts.;
! suitable for grocery and bar. j
, STORE with living apartments, suitable for
harnessmaker or plumber. Apply 414 ■ Bran-
nan st. _^^_________
OFFICES TO LET.
i EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market it.:
! light, heat. Janitor and telephone: rents Jl2 50
to S2O. APHTON &- GARPVER. room 210.
I OFFICE to let at 1065 Market St., opposite
I Jones; newly furnished suite. i
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
ail female diseases from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor ■ a. id state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
■ true friend; home for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.
I ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to tail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, SI: guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. ;
W YETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones. I
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
I 60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- j
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,:
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, SI: very strong. $2.
j ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
i absolute cure for all female diseases ; posi- j
' tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef- !
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price SI 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; nafe, reliable: take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail; at
■ druggists. Chichester Chemical Co..'Fhila. .- :
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure: no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free:
saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1: cure.
If.. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 rear* DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny St.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
' ever cause: no instruments used; cuaranteed
cure at office, J5: travelers helped Instantly;
consult free: confidential; . hours, 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
i ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.{«6Clay st.:
SI 50. Send 2c stamp for- circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st., Sacramento. CaL
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEATT'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. CaL
A SAFE, easy and sure remedy for obesity.
Address box 1968. Call office. ■ ;
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
ADVICE free— P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
o£ Sar. Francisco, State of California, De-
: partment No. 7— No. 63,668 -F. E. HESTHAL.
Plaintiff, vs. EMILY GROGAN, Defendant
Action brought In the Superior Court of the
City and County of San Franc'sco. State of
' California, and the Complaint filed in the
i ' office of the Clerk of said City and County
of San Francisco. E. F. PRESTON, Attor-
I ney for Plaintiff. The People of the State of
! California send greeting to EMILY GROGAN,
i • Defendant.
You are hereby directed to .appear and
answer the Complaint in an action entitled as i
above brought against you in the Superior
Court of the City and County of San Fran- !
cisco, State of California, within ten days
after the service on you of this Summons—
j served within this County; or within thirty
> days If served elsewhere.
I ■ And you are hereby notified that unless you
: appear and answer as above required the
said Plaintiff will take Judgment for any
money or damages demanded In the Com-
plaint, as arising upon contract, or he will
! apply to the Court for any other relief de-
manded in the Complaint.
Given under my hand and the seal of the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this 24th day
Of September, A. D. IS9B. CURRY. Cleric
[Seal] CHARLES F. CX'RRY. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORIMN. Deputy Clerk. .
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who. was. re-
! siding in and near Vancouver, ft C, during
the years 1891 to 1595. and afterward, in Cali-
fornia, and was last heard of In Sonora,
Tuolumne County, Cal., about June, 1896, will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
something to his » advantage. WELLS &
HIND, Solicitors, Nottingham, England. ;
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot, near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts. ; $10 monthly. JACOB !
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st. ' >
WESTERN Addition. 2013 Turk Comfort- j
able 4-room cottage; nice garden: high base- |
ment; lot 24:6x137:6; must be sold; make an |
offer. t .^__ |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 y BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH, 18 monthly, will buy a handsome s-
room cottage, bath, and everything about It
modern: very large lot; location the best in
Oakland; fine soil; grand view, yet level;
nice homes surrounding; a property for a
home worth seeing: streets all macadamized;
fine school and electric cars near by; city
water and sewer; entire price $1250; a few
fine large lots $125; $10, $5 monthly upward:
alro 3 choice corner lots at a bargain; Ga-
lindo Settlement, East Oakland. Call or
send for circular to 455. Seventh St., corner
Broadway, Oakland: carriage-free. H. Z.
JONES. Owner. _____—— •
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats. $12 to $17; no dark rms. :
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free; Adeline station. Oakland; key 940 Union
st. KOENIQ ft KROLL. 1000 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. M. BCHEI.L-
HAAB' old «tore. 40)1 Rl»v»nth «t. 8«» him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
— ■
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING KENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 6, 6 and 7 rooms, and ere finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station. Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$1400— TO close -an estate; lot 40x100; modern
bouse, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 60x150: house of 4 rooms; i
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2890— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x160; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye. : lot 50x207. Bee
this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1600 Park St..
Alameda, Cal. ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000— 5-room' cottage ; bath, laundry; 1H acre*;
12 mln..walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dlnctcn. 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley *tn.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 3. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, . 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, ran. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market St.
$50 TO $60,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mort». ;
any proposition:' Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
$I^oo WANTED for 6 or 12 months 10 per cent;
on good Indorsed or joint note. Box 1619. Call.
LOST.
FAT fox terrier; named Jim: white except ears
and head: black and tan; paces;- collar with
bells attached. Liberal reward returned to
1103H Stevenson st. •
I LOST— In the vicinity of McAllister and Mar-
ket st., a purse containing small change and
a P. O. money order. Return to G. W.
BLUM, 2048 McAllister St., and receive re-
ward.
WILL pay $5: locket engraved with mono-
gram W. K. F.; lad»'s picture Inside. W. K.
FREEMAN, 100 Sacramento st.
WILL party who found lace scarf on train
Sunday return to Oakland Pier? Reward.
MILK route book and small cash book. Finder
please return or report to Durham Farm
Dairy, 231 Sixth aye.. Richmond, city. .
STRAYED from 215 Bay St., a brown water
spaniel bitch on Wednesday afternoon, Nov.
16; - scar on front leg. FirMer will be re-
wnrded by returning her to above address.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
| FOR Family hotel 76 rooms; corner; cen-
t ral location; fine view; doing good business;
low rent: long lease. Inquire W. HEN-
DRICKSON, room 614. Claus , Spreckels bid*.
I —^^— — —^mm — —^— ■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
G H. Brunotte and Mary E. McLatchlo. .30—
li. H. Gouph and Nellie M. Gliddon 22—27
W H. Hopps and Estelle R. Carson 31—20
J. E. Collins and Catherine Collins 29—21
H. K. Foster and Abbln Lowe 30—13
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and- death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ERVIN— In this city. November 18, IS9S,' to
• the wife of T. N. Erviri. son.
KIN'NEY— this city. November 18. 1898. to
the wife of Gaofge G. Klnney, a son.
TIEDEMANN— In thiscHy, November 16, 1898,
to the wife of Claus Tiedeinaim, a daughter.
NORDMAN— In this city, to the wife of I.
Nordman, a daughter. ■- ■' ■■. ' ■' '
NELSON— In this city,' November 12. 1898, to
the wife of Peter' M. Nelson, a daughter.
TUTHILL— In this city, November 16. 1898, to
the wife of F. C. Tuthill, a daughter.
DOWLING— this city, 'November 14, 1898, to
the wife of W. B. Dowllng, a son.
NOVOGRABLENOF— In this city, November
.16. 1898, to the wife of Paul E. , Novograble-
nof. a son. . : .• :
MARRIED.
BUSCELLE— In this city. November
I, IS9S, by Rev.' Dr. Lee. Ralph O. Austin and
Carrie E. Buscelle. both of this city.
GARDNER— BERG— In Trinity Church, San
Jose. November I*, IS9S, by the Rev. I. ( B.
Wakefleld, .D.D., the Rev. Dr. Charles Gard-
ner of Palo Alto and Annie F. A. Berg of
San Francisco.
STEFFENS— HEISE— this city. November
19, IS9B, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, John
M. Stiffens and Lilly Heise.
BERGE— QUINN— this city, November 15,
■ 1898 by Rev. Father Jelds of St. Francis
Church. Otis H. Berge and Mary A. Qulnn.
COUCHOT— GIRAUD— In this city, October 29,
IS9S. at the Church of Notre Dame dcs Vic-
tolres, by the Rev. Father Guibert. George J.
Couchet and Julia M. Giraud, both of this
city. •
DIED.
Balkle, Eric D. Lyons, Thomas
Bond, William E. i Lion, Mrs. Zullma
Brandon. Thomas S. , MacDermott, —
Bushmann, Henry Mohun, Catharine Ann
dimming!, Nellie I Napier. Mary
Campbell. Rebecca J. Perclval, Charles
Cooper, Lizzie J. ■ Radigan. John
Dobson. Richard . Rosseter, George R.
pixon, Olive M. Rlley, John W.
Donohue. Catherine Ratlgan, John T.
Faber, Emma C. Rauch. Anna
Goomes, Frances - Threlfall, Helene O.
Hodges, Clara Tuttle, William S
Howe Parthenla F. ;Ra«an, Zeta I.
Kelly, John F. White, Lily H.
Lambert, Mrs. D. i Williams, Mary L.
BAIKIE— In Lorin, November 21, ' 1898, Eric
Douglas, eldest son of James and Bessie
' Baikie (of diphtheria), aged 5 years 9 months
, and 10 days.
BOND— In Oakland, November 21. . IS9B, William
K. Bond, beloved son of Mrs. E. Lataple, and
beloved husband of Ruby Dore Bond, a na-
tive of Petaluma, Cal., aged 37 years. (Peta-
luma and Santa Rosa papers please copy.) •
[CTNotice of time and place of funeral in
this evening's and to-morrow morning's
papers. -, .;
BUSHMANN— In this city, Nov. 20. 1898, Henry
Bushman, a native of New York, aged 43
I • years. t
BRANDON— In this city, November 21, 1898,
Thomas S.. beloved son of James A. and
Maggie Brandon, grandson of Thomas Co-
gan. a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
4 months and 8 days. (Linn County, Or., pa-
pers please copy.)
CUMMINGS— In this city, November 20, 1898,
Nellie, beloved mother of Florence Cum-
mtngs. and niece of the late Elizabeth Mc-
Adams, a native of Tipperary, Ireland, aged
58 years. *
tcyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission street. In-
terim nt Holy Cress' Cemetery.
CAMPBELL— In this city. November 19, 1898,
Rebecca J. Campbell, beloved mother of Mrs.
Charles ' Frank, a native of Canada, aged 61
years 7 months and 11 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. Charles Frank. 1522
Dolores street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
COOPER— In Oakland, November 20. IS9B, Liz-
zie J., beloved daughter of Frank and Mary
Cooper, and sister of Frank, -Joseph, John,
Mollie and Peter Cooper, a native of Oak-
land, aged 16 years 4 months and 17 days.
t^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her
parents' residence. 601 .Third street, thence
to the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
where.*, solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery. Oakland.
DIXON— Los Gatos, November 21, IS3S.
Olive Meade Dixon. daughter of C. S. and
the late Sarah H. Meade, and sister of Mrs.
J. C. Howe, Charles H. Meade and the late
George W. and James E. Meade, a native of
Batavia, New York. (Buffalo and Batavla,
N. V., papers please copy.)
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. J. C. • Howe, 4053
Eighteenth street, near Castro. Interment
private.
DOBSON— In this city November 20, IS9S.
Richard Dobson, beloved father of Lizzie
Dobson and Mrs. A. Driscoll and Mrs. Mary
Raymond, a native of New Jersey, aged 67
years. (Brooklyn, N. V.. papers please copy.)
CT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of James McMenomey & Son,
1067 Mission street near Seventh. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONOHUE— In this city. November 20, Cathe-
rine, widow of the late Philip Donohue, be-
loved mother of John Donohue, sister of
Philip and Rose Faherty and Mrs. TrydendaU.
a native of County Monaghan. Ireland, aged
60 years. J
tCTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2018 Filbert street, thence to St.
Brigld's Church, where a high requiem maas
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment, Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
FABER— In Colma, November 19, 1898. Emma
C., dearly beloved daughter of Peter and
Christine Faber, and sister of Andrew. Peter.
Charles and Louise Faber. Mrs. Charles F.
Flek and the late Nicolaus and Anna M.
Faber. a native of Colma, Ctl., age* 18
years 6 months and 29 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, corner i f Castle street and
San Bruno avenue. Colma, thence to St.
Ann's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
GOOMES— In this city, November W, IS9B.
Frances, beloved daughter of Joseph ana
Phllomena Goomes, and sister of Manuel.
Mary and Joseph Goomes, a native of San,
Francisco, aged 23 years and 6 months.
(E7-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late res-
idence, 40& Vallelo street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOWE— In this city, November 20, 1838, Par-
thenia F. Howe, beloved mother of Fred E.
and Charles A. Howe and Mrs. Brock John-
son, a native of Mount. Vernon, Me., aged 86
years 9 months and 10 days. (Camden, Me-,
papers please copy.)
[CT'Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 222 Twenty-seventh street, near
Church. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. 
HODGES— Oregon City, November 19. IS9S,
Clara, beloved wife of William Hodges, be-
loved sister of Mrs. Katie Rinks and John and
William Adams, a native of San Francisco,
aged 35 years 6 months and 25 days.
KELLY— In this city, November 21. 1898, John
F., beloved eon of Catherine and the late Luke
Kelly, and brother of Mary 1., Sarah A. and
- Peter J. Kelly, a j native of San Francisco,
aged 21 years 5 months and 7 days.
LYONS— In this city, November 21. 1898,
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Marga-
ret Lyons, and father of Mamie. Johnnie,
Maggie, Thomas and James Lyons, a native
of Ireland, aged 54 years.
(C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
LION— In San Jose, November 21, 1898. Mrs.
Zullma Lion, beloved wife of L. Lion, a na-
tive of Bordeaux, France, aged 57 years and
8 months.
, - E7"Funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10:30
a m., from St. Joseph's Church, in San Jose.
LAMBERT— this city, November 20, IS9S,
Mrs. D. Lambert, aged 86 years.
(E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from 711 Flllmore
street. ' Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
MacDERMOTT— At his residence In Oakland,
Alameda County, Nov. 21. 1898, — MacDer-
mott. a native of Ireland. ;
[CTNo flowers.
MOHUN— In this city, November 19, 1898. Cath-
arino Ann. beloved wife of Peter F. Mohun.
and mother of Dr. C. C, Pedro, Mary C,
Phllita C, Reginald, Aloysius. Lillian, May-
bell and Joseph Mohun, a native of New
York City.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1209 Ecott street, thence to Holy Cross
Church. Eddy street, bet. Scott and Devisa-
dero where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
NAPIER— this city, Nov. 21, 1898, Mary
Napier, beloved wife of Innes J. Napier and
mother of Mrs. Charles L. Green, a native-
of Sllgo. Ireland, aged 56 years 3 months
and 20 days.
RATIGAX— this city. November 20. 1898.
John T., beloved son of the late Michael and
Mary Ratlgan, and brother of Mrs. M. Flynn,
a native of New York City, aged 37 years.
RAUCH— In this. city, November 20, IS9B, An-
na, beloved daughter of Henry J- and Sophia
Rauch, and sister of Bertha, Henry and John
Rauch. a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
21 years 4 months and 2 days.
(£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 404 San Jose avenue, between.
Twenty-sixth and Army streets. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. -.-*,
RILEY— In this city, November 20. 1898, John
William, dearly beloved son of John and
Catherine Riley, and brother of Thomas,
- Daniel and Llllian-Riley. Mrs. P. Le Strange,
Mrs. J. McCormlck and Mrs. E. Lawlor, a
' native of San Francisco, aged 20 years and 9
months. , • • ,
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 71 Federal street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, wberew solemn requium
high mass will be celebrated for the repose*
of his soul, commencing at 9 clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PERCIVAL— In this city. November 20, 1893.
Charles Percival. a native of England, aged
73 years. -
RADIGAN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 20. 1893, John Radigan. a natlva
of New York, aged .37 years.
ROSSETER-In Alameda. November 20, IS9S.
George R., beloved husband of Abble M. Ros-
seter and son of the late James Rosjeter of
Ushers Quay. Dublin, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aged 67 years and 11 months.
r^-The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday) -it 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2030 San Jose venue. Alameda. thence
to St Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
■ mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Friends are
Invited to attend. Interment private. No
flowers.
RAG AN— this city.. November 21. 1898, Zeta
Irene beloved Infant daughter of Dr. D. F.
and Mamie E. Ragan, a native of San Fran-
' cisco aged 4 months and 23 days. .
iryThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.,from the resi-
. dence of her parents. 214 Haight street. In-
terment private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
TUTTLE— In this city, November 21, 1898,
William S. Tuttle, a native of New York,
-aged 67 years. • . |
THRKLFALL— Haywards, November 21,
IS9S Helene Goodell Threlfall, beloved daugh-
ter of Georgie A. and the late Walter T.
Threlfall, a native of Haywards, aged 1 year
1 month and 13 days. ■.
IprFrlends are invited to attend the ser-
vices to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1:30 p. m.,
at the residence of the grandfather, George
A. Goodell, of Haywards..
WHITE— On steamer Coptic, off Japan, Octo-
ber 31. 1898, Lily Hicks White, mother of
Richard M. White and Mrs. Caroline Hollls.
daughter of Mrs. Richard M., Wilson, and
slater of Mrs. Estelle Hansen, a native of
San Francisco. r." ' '
WILLIAMS— In Oakland, November 21. -ISSB,
Mary L wife of George R. Williams, mother
of Claribel and Edith R. Williams and Mrs.
R. H. Allen, and sister of Miss L. E. Ludwi*.
a native of Ohio, aged 50 years and 2 months.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), :
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND.EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. •
Telephone South SO-
H. F". MAASS,
Undertaker and Embalmcr.
Everything Requisite for First-Class Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South 273. . 917 Mission Street, .
1112
NEFF IS TO BE AGAIN
THE MINERS' PRESIDENT
First Day of the Annual Convention Results
in Radical Changes in the Politics
of the Association.
Promptly at 30:80 yesterday morning a
li\'ely tattoo from the gavel of Presi
dent Jacob Neff called to order the dele
gates of the California Miners' Associa
tion who had gathered at X. S. G. "W.
Hall and the seventh annual convention
•was convened.
Fully 250 delegates, representing the
seventeen mining counties of the State,
■were on hand and every one was in his
seat when with a few kindly words of
good fellowship President Neft Intro
duced Mayor Phelan, who had come to
welcome the miners to the city and every
thing In It for bo long as they may choose
to stay.
The entire day was occupied In dispos
ing of the immense amount of routine
work that precedes the actual business
of the convention. Nothing of the poll
tics that has for the past few weeks
stirred the association was apparent at
the meeting. That was all taken care of
on the outside, and In It there were some
Interesting developments. Julian Sonn
tag and W. C. Ralston, who have been
engaged in such a lively fight for the
presidency, were called off by the an
nouncement that Mr. Neff was to be re
elected by acclamation and that he had
practically decided to accept in order to
quiet the ill feeling that the fight for his
succession had engendered.
The election Is called for 2:30 this after
noon, and the plan of the leaders of the
convention is to place the name of their
veteran chief in nomination and call for
his election by acclamation. There will
be no opposition, and if Mr. Neff finally
consents to the plan he will certainly be
elected. So far the scheme has pro
gressed against the wishes of tha presi
dent. Mr. Neff has said time and again
that under no circumstance would he ac
cept re-election, but yesterday the 111 feel
ing that has risen out of the fight for his
vacant chair was pointed out to him and
n order that there shall be no dissensions
resulting from the session of this year he
may be Induced to reconsider his deter
mination. If he does both Sonntag and
Ralston will do him honor with the rest
of their fellows and give way in his favor
without protest.
The fight for the secretaryship Is as
warm as ever between Turner and Ben
jamin. Ralston is still trying to swing
his protege into lime, but is meeting with
the opposition of a majority of the votes
that are represented at the convention
and it looks as though the honors are to
go to Turner.
Mayor Phelan's address opened the
business of yesterday's session. His
words were not many, but they were to
the point and well received. In bidding
the miners welcome he said:
It affords me great pleasure to welcome you
AD\ EBTISEMENTS.
SKIN
TORTURED
BABIES
AND
TIRED
MOTHERS
Find instant relief, rest and
sleep in a warm bath with
I SOAP ♦
and a single anointing with CU
TICCRA, purest of emollients
and greatest of skin cures.
This is the most speedy, perma=
nent and economical treatment
for torturing, disfiguring, itch-
ing, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted and pimply skin, and
scalp humors of infants and
children, with loss of hair.
Save Your Hair Warm shampoos with
CUTICURA SOAP, fol-
lowed by light dressings with Cuticura, pur-
est of emollient skin cures, will clear the scalp
and hair of crusts, scales and dandruff. so«the
irritated and Itching surfaces, stimulate the
hair follicles, supply the roots with energy and
nourishment, and thug produce luxuriant hair/
with clean, wholesome scalp.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTirrRA
SOAP, tSe. CTTTIOT'RA (ointment) 50c. POT-
TER DRUG & CHEM. COUP., Sole Props..
Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward St.,
London. Depot Francais, 113 Faubourg St.
Honore, Paris. Send for "Face, Hands and
Hair" book mailed free.
to the city of San Francisco. This city is in
debted to the miners of California for its very
birth as well as its development. This penin
sula was condemned as a place of residence
sixty years agro because of a scarcity of fertile
soil, of fuef and of, water. But the miners
flocked here, pitched their tents in the sand
hills, and from here went to the mines. They
must have reparded the -'ace with affection,
for they returned with their gold and sought
investments here.
The great railroad properties were the con
ception of men who had made their money in
•a m^ mr mr m~* ma mn mn met ma ma ma ma ma ma ma ma m
NEF=I= WILL PRESIDE
FOR ANOTHER YEAR
$ j "11 JT R. XEFF will certainly be re-elected to the presidency of our asso
l\/l Nation," said Judge Walling of Nevada County last evening:. "The |
S? IYI boy 3 have got the plan all fixed up among them, and when the elec
it -*-"-*- tion is held to-morrow afternoon ha will be chosen by acclamation 1
?2 and we won't take no for an answer.
fj "Mr. Neff has said that he would not consider a proposition to succeed
?J himself. Naturally he feels a certain delicacy in accepting the presidency
jj of a body of this sort since he- has been elected to the Lieutenant Gov
82 ernorship. but clearly to my mind there is no reason why he should hesi
fi tate to do so. As Lieutenant Gover nor he will be the presiding officer of
JJ the Senate, but he will only have a vote in case of a tie. His political
82 position will be a passive rather than an active one, and I do not think
jjtf that he will find any one to criticise if he fills both places.
JJ "To any one who may be Inclined to do so I will say that whether the
tj president of the Miners' Association or not, in the appointment of his
S2 committees and in his other legislative duties he will be the same Jacob
•2 Neff, doing no wrong because he knows none, swayed by no influences,
?2 because he is stronger than any influence. As our president his legislative
?i acts, what few will devolve, upon him, will show no bias. But leaving
?$ these things aside, he is the unanimous choice of every man among us.
?i We know him as he is, and we are going to compel him to submit to our
?S wishes in this matter, not caring what arguments he may bring to bear.
82 I think I can safely say that Mr. Neff is, again, our next president."
g2 Mr. Neff doesn't know just exactly where he does stand. All day yes
82 terday he was a blushing target for all sorts of bouquets, rhetorical and
?2 hothouse, in bunches and singly, and late in the afternoon he got wind of
?2 the scheme to railroad him into the president's chair, and the combina
82 tion of honors was a little too many. When asked last evening what an
82 swer he would give to his friends to-day, Mr. Neff said:
J2 "Really, I have not quite figured out my position yet. The boys have
82 told me that they want me to be president again, but I've said I wouldn't,
?j and there are two candidates In the field already, and then my political
fi position. No, I don't know just what I can do, but if the boys go ahead
fi as they say they are going to I don't see what else I can do than accept
fi and take the consequences."
fi Mr. Neff has practically accepted re-election, and "the boys" are
Ji thankful for it. Besides the love that they have for him, his election will
82 nip in the bud the dissension that has grown out of the contest between
ti Ralston and Sonntag for his seat, which, it was feared, might result in a
82 permanent division in the ranks. And that Is a condition that the associa
82 tion feels that it cannot afford at this critical period.
• ! I*
the mines. Then there is the great Mackay- i
Bennett cable. Money taken from the mines
built that.
I hope that you ■will succeed with your praise
worthy undertakings, that we will soon see a
miner in the Cabinet, and that Congress and the
Legislature will make the appropriations nec
essary to enable you to take the wealth .that
still remains in the mountains of California.
After the applause that was rendered
Mr. Phelan had subsided President Neff
announced the following names to consti
tute the committee on credentials:
Judge F. Adams, El Dorado, chairman; Hos
mer Jeffries, Alameda; E. C. Voorheis, Ami
dor; W. E. Duncan, Butte; J. A. Read, Cala
veras: George Dow, Chamber of Commerce,
San' Francisco; Charles C. Darby, Santa Clara;
L. F. I Byington, Sierra; George Stone, San
Francisco; A. G. Meyers, Sisklyou; P. G. Gow.
Tuolumne; Louis Conrad. Yuba; P. M. Paul
sen, Trinity; L. O. Wright, Shasta; B. S. Rec
tor. Nevada; Harold Power, Placer. |
Through Mr. Neff's selection every one
of the counties represented in the conven
tion had. a delegate i in the committee,
which i proceeded to the work that was be
fore it as soon as adjournment had been
taken to 2 o'clock p. m.
The afternoon session was opened with
the appointment of J. T. Young as ser
geant-at-arms and the announcement that
the committee on debris dams, etc., would
hold an Important meeting at 8 o'clock In
the evening at the Maple room of the
Palace Hotel. President Neff then called
for the report of the committee on cre
dentials and it was read by Secretary
Sonntag. It was as follows:
To the chairman, California Miners' Asso
ciation: Tour committee on credentials has
the honor to submit the ' following report:
We find a total of 670 delegates present or
represented by proxy, as follows: --
Alameda County, 20; Amador County, 54;
Butte County, 20; Calaveras County, 20: El Do
rado County. 36; Nevada County. 147; Kern
County, 2; Placer County, 62; San Francisco
County, 86; Chamber of ' Commerce, 1; Sacra
mento County, 3; Sacramento Chamber of Com
merce. 1 3; Santa Clara County, *: San Jose As
sociation. 6: Sierra County, 52; Siskiyou County.
6; Shasta County, 34; Trinity County, 1; Tuol
umne County, 35; Tuba 1 County. l 26; total, 670.
! We recommend that | the delegates of each
county or organization represented In this
convention be authorized to cast the full vote
of all delegates such organization Is entitled
to, and the majority present control the vote
of absentees. F. ADAMS, chairman.
The I adoption of the resolution • was
moved by Judge F. Adams of El Dorado,
chairman of the committee, but the ques
tion was objected to by Judge Bush of
Shasta, who took exception to the clause
providing for the voting of absent mem
bers. Judge Bush paid that if they had
not taken enough interest In the conven
tion to attend, it they should have] no
voice 'in i its deliberations. j Colonel iMe
Bride of San Juan Ridge, one of thei num
erous Nevada 1 County delegation, replied
to Judge Bush and said that! there were
many reasons why absentees had been
prevented from attending land that! all of
them were valid. Judge Adams said about
the same thing. Bush gracefully receded
from his position and the report wo?
adopted without dissent. ■ . ' !
Secretary Sonntag then announced the
following committee on resolutions and a
motion was made and carried referring to
the committee all resolutions except those
of thanks that might engage the attention
of the convention:
J. M. Walling (chairman) Nevada: Charles
G. Tale. San Francisco: J. M. Fulweiler, Pla
cer; A. H. Hlcketts. Alameda: E. C. Voor
hrix, Aroador: C C. Bush. Shasta; J. F. Hal
loran, San Francisco; C. W. Cross, San Fran
cisco; F. R. Wphe. ■ Sierra; James O'BrJen.
Tuba; Tra Hill Reid, Calaveras; W. T. Ham
mond, Butte; A. M. McDonald. Tuolumnp; R.
R. Bulmore, Santa Clara: George E. Dow,
Chamber of : Commerce, San Francisco..
Chairman Walling rounded up his com
mittee and notified them to meet with him
at the Palace Hotel at 7:30 o'clock last
evening, when they would consider any
resolutions that were intended for the
consideration of the association. [
President Neff set the house to applaud
ing again with the announcement that
some time during to-day Governor Budd
would drop In to shake hands with I his
mining friends and would also be: guilty
of a short address, and before the racket
had subsided Mr. Neff started In :on ! his
seventh annual farewell address, i which,
by the way.bids fair to be no more a fare
well than was any of the six others. Mr.
Neff said In part: i .'j [m
'Gentlemen of the California Miners' Asso
ciation: Words, however., appropriate, , would
fall to impress upon your minds the sensations
that ! pulsate from the bottom of my heart at
this 'moment. For seven years we have worked
together, In harmony, In a.glorious cause, Until
I look upon every .member of this association
with the affection of a brother. It has tieen
a labor of love with us all: selfish motives nave
actuated no one. Our purpose has been to
benefit all— to do injustice to none. During all
these years I have had the distinguished honor
of presiding over the deliberations of this as
sociation, and that I am about to retire from
the i position you have ,eb long honored me
with is the cause of mv present frame of mind.
T for the last time address! you in the 'capacity
of presiding officer. but mv Interest in the cause
will never slacken, whether I am a private in
the ranks, or. an officer: In command, j
Mr. Neff then dealt at length with the
old troubles that for so long existed be
tween the farmers and miners [of the
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 22. 1893.
State and showed ■. clearly where the good
offices of the ' association ■ had effected a
reconciliation between the two ; battling
Interests. • ■
"That was " the * motive," »aid he. "that
caused the ' organization Known ■ as the ! Cali
fornia Miners' Association, an association
which represents directly over 14,000 members
and having an Influence • second to no ■. other
In Its particular i field. ! To preside over such
an organization would be an honor to the most
distinguished. I ■ assure you • I have :, ! been
SMHtoto«outototo«o*OKKKf9l9K
I prouder of the honor you have conferred upon
me through all these years than I would bm
with any position within tha gift of the peo
ple, no matter how exalted. To sever thes«
pleasant relations is what causes the sadness
I have before alluded to.
"I shall not tire your patience with a. long
address, but I feel like offering a few sug
gestions for your consideration, which I hope
LAVIGNE IS READY FOR ACTION.
HIXXING IIN A CLINCH.
I FEEL as fine as silk," was the an
swer George Lavigne made yester
day to a Call representative at his
training station at Blanken's Six-mile
House.
The "kid," as he is. called by his at
tendants, is certainly looking as
bright as a star and as hard as a nail.
If appearance is an indicator George
Lavigne can safely be booked as be
ing in fit trim to fight for any man's
coin.
In the course of conversation the lad
from Saginaw said that he had fully
made up his mind that his prospect
ive opponent, Tom Tracey, he expects
to find an artful dodger and a man
who is hard to corner.
"Although I will be handicapped In
weight probably seven or eight
pounds," Lavigne continued, "I never
theless expect by persistent effort to
corner my man at some stage of the
game, and once I get him in a tight
place I think there will be something
doing."
Lavlgn© does not look for a short
may b« received In the, same spirit they are
offered.
"What have we accomplished thus far In our
work? What results have come from our
efforts?
"We have, in the first place, created a
favorable sentiment toward the mining lnr
dustry. We have to a great extent restored
amity between miners and farmers. We must
still further impress the farmers that their
cause Is our cause and that we want their
active co-operation with us. We have estab
lished the fact that the restoration of mining,
the protection of agricultural lands and the
improvement of our rivers is a Government
matter, and that If we all continue to work as
a unit we will secure the aid necessary to
accomplish the purpose. We have already been
Instrumental In startine quite a number of
mines that had lain idle for years, and with
out doing .damage to any one.
"It has been no small undertaking, and our
JUDGE F. ADAMS.
progress, while slow, has been sure, and we
were never in better condition to accomplish
our purpose than at present. We have secured
recognition from both State and nation In the
way of appropriations, and we confidently ex
pect still further aid and encouragement in the
future. I have the assurance from Congress
men that a satisfactory mineral land bill will
be passed during the coming session. But we
must not rest upon our oars. The good work
must be continued. While much has been done,
more remains to be done. We must strengthen
our organisation. We must reach out, enlarge
our scope and broaden our influence.
"The business men of San Francisco have
been liberal contributors, both In money and In
fluence, to the association — taking the view that
JUDGE A, C. HINKSON.
what benefits one section benefits the whole
State. Without their generous assistance and
encouragement our labors would have been far
less successful.
"As I have said before, the officer* of the
fight. In fact, he expects the contest
to run on pretty well to the finish of
the twenty rounds, as Tracey Is said to
be a natural born racer, "who never
grows weary of carpet dancing."
Lavigne defeated Wolcott in this city
at 132^4 pounds on October 29, 1897.
O'Rourke, who was behind the col
ored Hercules, threw up the sponge at
the end of the twelfth round. Since
that time Lavigne boxed two draws
of twenty rounds each— one with Jack
Daly and one with Frank Erni. He is
now being handled by his brother Billy,
"Biddy" Bishop and Teddy Alexander,
and although he gave his present
weight as being 134 pounds he certain
ly looks as If he can tip the beam at
138 pounds. The "kid" punched the
bag yesterday in the presence of sev
eral Interested spectators and the di
rectors of the National Club. Judg
ing from the way he sent the oval
smashing against the celling of the
bag-punching apparatus it is safe to
say that Pugilist Lavigne has lost
none of his old-time strength and dash
association have never asked for or received
a dollar for their services, and I am of the
opinion that this is a time when we can profit
ably deviate from the course hitherto pur
sued. The office of president should be an
honorary office. The secretaryship should have
a liberal salary attached to It."
With a strong argument for the exten
sion of the membership of the association
Mr. Neff closed his speech and for five
minutes business was at a standstill,
waiting for the applause that was ac
corded him to cease.
It finally subsided and a resolution of
thanks to Jeff E. Doolittle was intro
duced and carried unanimously. Mr. Doo
little presented to the association as
handsome a banner as ever graced a con
vention hall and It was to show the asso
ciation's gratitude that the resolution was
introduced.
The Chamber of Commerce sent in a
little letter inviting the association to
put up $250 toward the expense of send
ing Hugh Craig to Washington to work
for the passage of a Nicaragua canal bill.
The letter was hastily referred to the
committee on finance.
Charles G. Yale of the San Francisco
delegation then took the platform and
read a resolution recognizing the bravery
of youn" Felix Chappelet, superintendent
of the Kureka drift mine, on the Forest
Hill divide. The story of Chappelet s
bravery reads like a tale from the ' boys
and girls' page" and is best told in the
resolution itself. It is as follows:
Whereas, At the time of the recent disastrous
fire in the compressor house at the mouth or
the tunnel of the Eureka drift mine on the
Forest Hill divide. Placer County, upon finding
that the buildings would be destroyed, Felix
Chappelet Jr., superintendent of the mlne^
knowing that four men were in what mlgrht cms
a dangerous position, ran for 2500 feet through
the tunnel and up a 300-foot upraise, to where
the men were at work, bringing them out
through the smoke and flame in safety; be it
Resolved, That our fellow member, Felix
Chappelet Sr., . already noted as among our
most skillful drift miners, be congratulated
upon having a son who is a "chip of the old
block," and though only a young man of M.
possessing the bravery to do a noble action
with self-sacrifice and promptness.
Resolved, That the miners of California, In
convention assembled, recognize the heroism of
this young native ton of California, and of a
distinguished sire, and desire to congratulate
him upon so bravely doing his duty to the men
under his charge.
Three hearty cheers went up when Mr.
Yale finished with his reading and a mo
tion to pass the resolution by a standing
vote was responded to by every man in.
the hall.
"Gentlemen, I must congratulate you
upon having done a righteous act," said
Mr. Neff. "Such bravery as this is rare,
and it is an honor to us to take recogni
tion of it."
The president then called for reports,
and A. H. Ricketts, chairman of the Min
eral Lands Committee, submitted a vol
uminous document dealing with the prog
ress of mineral developments through the
ages. He was followed by an enthusiastic
committee from the Nevada County dele
gation, which appeared on the stage head
ed by B. N. Shoecroft, who was decked
out like a spring graduate, with a huge
bunch of carnations. It developed that
the carnations were Intended as a token
of the love and esteem In which Nevada
County holds President Neff, and the
blushing official acknowledged the gift in
neatly turned phrase.
Professor S. B. Christy, who went to
Salt Lake as a delegate to the National
mining Convention, then handed in his
report, as did Tlrey L. Ford, who has had
charge of all matters requiring national
legislation.
After making the election of officers the
special order for this afternoon at 2:30 the
convention adjourned until 10 o'clock this
morning.
CLINT COULTER HERE.
The "TJnpaeed King" Has Again
Come to Town.
- Clinton R. Coulter, one of the crack
bicycle riders of the world, arrived here
yesterday morning on the belated over
land, accompanied by his wife, who is a
San Francisco lady, well known In socie
ty here as Miss Hadenfeldt.
"Coulter has not been on the coast foi
tiro years, but expects to make an ex
tended stay, as he will forswear racing
now and give his attention to the inter
ests of the Orient people, whom he rep
resents.
Coulter has been styled the "unpaced
king," owing to his supremacy at that
style of racing, and his mile mark is still
the world's record (1:59) unpaced.
In the Cycle Clubs' Baseball League
series the Bay City Wheelmen won from
the San Francisco Road Club Sunday by
a score of 8 to 3. Next Sunday the road
club will meet the Olympic Wheelmen.
All the games of the league are played
at the Presidio athletic grounds Sunday
morning.
and that he 'will be heard from favor
ably on next Friday evening when he
toes the scratch with the Australian
will-o'-the-wisp, who is unquestion
ably one of the cleverest foot-workers
that represent the fighting stock of the
present day.
According to signed articles of agree
ment the pugilists will weigh in at the
ringside at 142 pounds. The "kid"
says that he will not scale over 135
pounds and at that weight he will be
fit to contest a. finish argument if
need be.
Doubtless Tracey will be at or near
the weight specified. It cannot be
gainsaid, however, that the contest
will prove to be one of the most in
teresting affairs of its kind that the
sporting public has witnessed in
many moons, as the boxers are classed
as being professors of the manly art.
At Crowley's pool rooms and Cor
bett's much Interest is taken in the
contest, and it is expected that betting
will be very lively before the men step-*
into the ring.
ADVERTISEJU-EIMXS. .;
"Up I up I my friend, and quit your books;
Or surely you'll grow double:
Up I up !my friend, and clear your looks;
Why all this toil and trouble? "
1 Blue and gold Cardinal
University
STUDENTS
We cater to your trade
correct dress suits covert coats
tuxedos mackintoshes
Scotch plaid suits umbrellas
check suits neckwear /
I blue serges shirts
black serges suitcases r
silk lined overcoats valises
Invernesses handkerchiefs ■ .
• vicuna silk faced overcoats swell furnishings
College men may leave their grips here and we will deliver them free
to any address. "__ ___.
College colors like these bows free to students.
Local agents for Brokaw Bros, and Rogers, Peet & Co. of New York,
also Hart, Schaffner & Marx of Chicago.
; ■•: ■ ■ ■ --. : \; VV..-
Rah ! rah! rah 1 "Ha! Hal-Hal'
Rah rah rah I ■ Cal-i-f or-n K.
Rah, rah ! . ' . U.C.Berkeley.!
Stanford I" Zip, boom, ah 1"
Roos Bros.
Kearny and Post
FATHER DOHERTY
BACK FROM MANILA
RELIGIOUS AND MILITARY AF
FAIRS KEPT APART.
Says the Filipinos _jre Industrious
Little Beings and Manifest Their
Piety by Filling the
Churches.
Father Francis B. Doherty, the well
known Paulist father of this city, who
accompanied General Merrltt to Manila,
arrived here on the Coptic yesterday,
having been ordered home on account of
physical weakness brought about by
overwork among the troops at the Phil
ippines.
"General Merritt directed me to accom
pany him," said he, "an evidence of his
broad minded policy— a Protestant officer
going to a Catholic country— to show
that the mission of the American army
was of peace as well as of war. It was
an evident disclaimer on the part of the
American people of an intention of show
ing any hostility to religious interests.
And, also, without doubt, the general— as
an old solder — knew that the army was
largely made up of Catholics. The same
broad-minded spirt pervades the acts of
his successor. General Otis, a man of
character and Justice. His subordinates,
too. seem generally actuated by the same
broad motives. In other words, the gen
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Pal-chasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In CorrMpe«.«inf; With Aay of the Ttlltwlnj ?lmt P1«»m Mention "The Call"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS. " .
niIUA Hunters Equipments, FishinK
TUP D PO^^l CO l«ilnl\. Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
1 ML P. KUOOI V*V/., UUIIIJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
flrttstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers. ww " ¥ 739 Market street.
II7SUTTER STREET. IRON FOUNDERS.
AUCTIONEERS. Western Foundry, Morton S Hedley. Pros*.
tfve Btock mIID It f(l " Mont«om«fT ■*- 234 Fremont St. Costings of ETery Da.
Auction.*™. nlLLlr a WU« Ban FTancteco. scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
' BELTING. MANUFACTURERS.
I P nFfiFN Manufacturer of Beltlnurijnd GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFC. CO.
L, r. IICUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- Manntaetare D , ets. Casslmeres. Tweed, .nd
■lon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. J?, annels . 5,5 Market st.. San Francisco. CaL
— — ' — ' "~ " Goods tor sale at all leading dry goods stores.
BOILER MAKERS. — — : =
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, 6WIBa MARINE insurance compan™*.
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship " TZ tfo^iW
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. mattresses and iron beds.
Telephone Main 5045. ' TITO DCDNHIDII Mattresn Co.. Ul Mls^t^
■ — — laD DCKnllAKll st. Telephone Main l«Tt.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. : ~
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, Wll : , . A LP EA AND R pip ERE R «.
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell, tllLLHlflfcl I L 722 Montgomery Street.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. PIANOS
CARRIAGE MAKERS. The Oldest Firm and Largest 'Stock.
O>DMEU K. CAUC- and Dealers .In PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
DKICn (I MlWOLandaus. Hacks. Victorias i^rfcHl C?r» £. ri-t \ en
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and i?olk KOHLER & CHASE,
St.. San Francisco. ; 28 and 30 o . Farre Bt. .
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS, A corp. of expert tuners and repaid .
The "World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. laxa.- PRINTING!.
tlve. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA- _ _. ii||/>npc PRmTKIII '
CEUTICAL CO.. 1617 Market st. E- C- 11 L) ntlO. 511 sinJom, 5W
COAL. COKB AND PIQ IRON. . " STATIONER AND PRINTER. ,
J. C. WILSON & CO.. c PARTRIDGE?o OrS»0 rS»
900 - BATTERY STREET. _ -■-•;:'' . : - — — -1
'■ :;^ P hon^MajnlS»4. -■■;-, THE BICKS-JUDD CO-, SagyJSfe
•:i ' '" DENTIST. ■; .■"-■-.••.■•/.'f-;- ■ TYPEWRITPRS '"^
DB..C.W..MCHABDS, „ j*. k^. ~g^ All Typewriters Rented.
1:\ FIRE INSURANCE. • B^^» Few partly used for sale cheap.
EDWARD BJKOWN & 60^6. ffiDsML* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
411 -413 r Caim Irnla1 rnla street. r-nr Jg£EpJ&g^ L. & M. ALEXANDER.
Capital Represen^d over a«.OW>.OOO I^KaC agip^ no Montgomery street.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. WALLPAPER. W-r^w
jas. BQ^S & CO., c^^e^ST^!
i y ■ HARDWARE. ~~ WAREHOUSEMEN. • "
p^tACE Hardware Importers S Dealers THE H ASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. Forwardlng AgentB and |gO; U^CO.,
HARNESS AND VEHICLES. . General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses
HARNESS AND VEHICLES. General office, 210 California st. Tel Main isu
LEI BOLD HARNESS CO.. Ml Larkla «t^ 8. 9. ——. -;-_„„- ~-
: Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of ad WATCHES. ETC.
kinds of Harness and dealer* In ' Bom**, -T f fTWIiV Headquarters tor flr.. t.-,.i__ . m
■ ; Cart*, etc If jou want bargain, call at wrtta | !• LIWDI, Slj I iS-T^ddln/fu^lVtiU
: eral spirit of the Government forces thero
i is characteristically American and will
1 not be misinterpreted through unauthor
'. zed acts of irresponsible individuals. The
religious and military questions are kept
!as they ought to be, apart— Catholic
j troops attending in great numbers the
1 services held throughout the city. Services
I are held also by the Protestant chaplain*
in various places.
"A great many soldiers are sick—chief
ly of the various forms of malarial and
typhoid fevers which prevail there. Phy
sicians and nurses all are working like
horses, and everything that is possible is
done for the sick.
The Filipinos are industrious, domestic
little beings and manifest their fervent
piety by filling the churches. The atti
tude of 'the military leaders and their ig
norant followers is forindependence.while
the intelligent and wealthy elements seek
teome such stable government aa that
which annexation to the United States
would give them."
A Soldier's Estate.
Hedwlg- Stetson, wife of Clalr H. Stet
son, who fell at Siboney, Cuba, during:
the late war, has sued the executors of
the estate of her deceased husband to re
cover $3000 In money, which she avers she
deposited in bank and then transferred
for convenience sake to her husband.
Plaintiff alleges that the money waa
drawn from the bank in process of ad
ministration and she now seeks to recov
er It as hej separate property.
Bound reports of the Corbett-
Sharkey fight will be displayed by
stereopticon in front of The Call of
fice Tuesday night.