YOiniE LXXXY.->'O. 24.
OTIS ORDERED TO
SEND TROOPS TO
OCCUPY ILOILO
American Soldiers to Succor Spaniards
Who Are Besieged by Insurgents
on Panay Island.
WASHINGTON. D. G, Dec. 23.— The War Department telegraphed General Otis to-day:
"Send troops to Iloilo, island of Panay, and take possession and military control."
This action was taken by reason of reports that Filipinos and Spaniards were fighting, and
that the former suffered great losses. Otis is to use discretion in the selection of troops.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Instructions have been given
Major General Otis at Manila by Sec
retary of War Alger to send troops to
occupy Hollo.
These instructions are the result of
a cablegram recently received from
General Otis requesting permission, in
view of the condition of affairs prevail
ing in the island of Panay, to take pos
session formally in the name of the
United States. The dispatch was dis
cussed at a Cabinet meeting, and as a
result the military commander has been
trild to send such troops as he may
deem advisable to succor the Span
lards who have been besieged in Iloilo
by the Insurgents for several months.
The Spaniards will not be considered
as prisoners of war, but will probably
remain at Ilnilo or Manila until ar
rangements are made by this Govern
ment for their transportation to Spain.
It is Intended to treat the insurgents
of Cebu in the same manner as U «
under command of Aguinaldo in Luzon.
No joint occupation of the city of Iloilo
will be allowed, and the insurgents will
not be allowed to enter the boundaries
of cities with arms in their possession.
The War Department authorities say
the Spanish force at Iloilo consists of
oniy $00 men, who have been heroically
defending the city from several thou
sand insurgents. It is the last Spanish
stronghold in the Philippines, and with
its occupation by American troops the
final vestige of Spanish authority in
the eastern islands will disappear.
While the occupation of Iloilo Is
simply a step on the part of the au
thorities in the direction ot the entire
■vßs told to-day that no In
structions have been sent to General
r-tis to send troops to occupy all the
islands and will not be sent until the
treaty of peace is ratified.
REBELLIOUS INSURGENTS
ARE ON THE RAMPAGE
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISSS, by James Gor
don Bennett. .-. „:
MANILA, Dec. 23.— As a result of
Aguinaldo, the insurgent leader, hav
ing refused to recognize the rank of
the lower class of rebel officers the lat
tpr have deserted with large numbers
of armed soldiers and have attacked
various towns.
Several of the native local authori
ties who had abused their position and
were unpopular in the provinces have
been murdered or their property been
sequestrated.
The to\.n of Cazling-, for instance,
■uhu'h was deferred" by 600 of Agul
naldo's troops, has been taken and
looted by malcontents.
It is reported that the Spaniards in
Cebu have capitulated.
AMERICAN TROOPS GET
READY TO FIGHT FILIPINOS
MANILA, Dec. 23.— The native troops
The San Francisco Call
encamped In the suburbs are again
causing anxiety. The attitude of an
insurgent detachment at the Pendacan
bridge on Wednesday was such that
the California, Idaho and "Washington
regiments were concentrated in light
marching order at short notice at Paco,
but trouble was avoided.
The United States cruiser Boston and
; the gunboat Petrel have arrived here
from Chinese ports. The steamer Un
ion, which has returned here from Iloilo
i with native and Spanish soldiers, has
been refused a landing.
Private Tyler of Company L. of the
; Nebraska regiment, who has been suf
fering from typhoid fever, is dead.
The steamer St. Paul has arrived here
with Christmas mail.
The first American flag was raised
over the Malate schoolhouse yesterday.
It was sent by the University of Penn
sylvania. The honor of raising the
flag was accorded to Father McKinnon
of California in recognition of his ser
vices in reopening the schools.
SIX PHYSICIANS
ATTEND SAGASTA
Condition of Spain's Premier, Who
Has Pneumonia, Causes Grave
Anxiety.
MADRID, Dec. 23. — The condition of
Senor Sagasta, the Premier, now causes
grave anxiety. Six physicians were In
consultation this afternoon regarding his
caso and concurred that he was suffering j
from bronchial pneumonia, with high j
temperature. an<l an unfavorable absence j
of expectoration.
There is no doubt that his illness is ag
grravated by the strain of recent events.
The Queen Resent twice during- the «la
telephoned inquiries, and this evening
sent her own physician to attend him.
The list of callers at the Premier's resi
dence includes all the foreign diplomats
and a host of other distinguished persons.
Senor Groissard, Minister of Justice, is
acting Premier.
SENATOR STEWART IS
CONFIDENT OF VICTORY
Says His Friends Will Punish Treach
ery and Return Him to
Washington.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— Senator Stew
art of Nevada was asked about the contest
to come off in his State in January. The
Senator did not talk as if he regarded it
as a "contest," and was apparently con
fident of an easy victory.
"'There has been pome treachery." said
the Senator, "but my friends assure me
that this will be punished and that I will
be returned."
CAPTAIN BARRY IS
GIVEN A PROMOTION
England Will Increase Its New-
foundland Squadron Next
Year.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. Dec. 23-Captaln
Henry D. Barry. Assistant Director of the
Naval Intelligence Office of the British
Admiralty, has been appointed to the
command of the British squadron in
City of Iloilo, Island of Panay, Philippines
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
Newfoundland waters, with the rank of
Commodore, and the cruiser Comus as
his flagship. The appointment will go
Into effect next season. The squadron
will be increased by heavier vessels than
have heretofore been assigned here.
Captain Barry's appointment, which is
out of the regular order of selections, is
understood to be due to the desire of the
Imperial Secretary of State for the Colo
nies, Joseph Chamberlain, to have in
command of the squadron an officer
whose abilities can be utilized in the
many delicate complications certain to
result from Mr. Chamberlain's deter
mination to bring about a settlement of
the French shore question as speedily as
possible.
Captain Barry will also organize the
proposed naval reserve among' the fish
ermen of Newfoundland.
New Counterfeit Bill.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 2X— A new coun
terfeit $1 silver certificate has been dis
covered. It is of the series of IS%, Bruce
register, Roberts Treasurer, and is ap
parently printed from photo-etched plates
on heavy bond paper. No attempt has
been made to imitate the silk fiber, and
the treasury number has been traced with
blue writing fluid, which blurs when
dampened, as does the red coloring ap
plied to the seal. The execution is poor,
and the work would deceive only the most
careless handlers.
AMERICAN PEACE
COMMISSION'S RETURN
Steamship St. Louis Arrives at itfew
York With the Members
Aboard.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The American
line steamer St. Louis, from South
ampton, was sighted east of Fire Is
land at 11:12 o'clock last nisrht. The
American Peace Commissioners are on
board.
The St. Louis arrived at quarantine
at 2 a. m. and will remain there until
daylight. She was not boarded.
Generals Ordered to Cuba.
CHARLESTON. S. C, Dec. 23.—Dis
patches to the quartermaster's depart
ment here to-day announced that General
Bates, now at Macon. ».nd General Hanger,
now at Americus. Ga.. have been ordered
here to embark for Cienfuegos and Ma
tanzas. respectively, cm December 27.
Each general will be accompanied by his
headquarters and a regiment of volun
teers not named in the dispatches sent
here.
MRS. BOTKIN IN HER VARIETY.
The Accused Woman Completed Her Testimony Yesterday. S
Entered a Sweeping Denial to Many Statements Made by
Witnesses for the Prosecution. Although Frank Grey, the
Drug Clerk, Claims to Have Sold Her Arsenic, and Also
Claims an Acquaintance Extending Over a Considerable
Period, She Says She Never Saw Him Before and Never
Spoke to Him. She Said She Never Bought Arsenic in
Her Life. On the Stand She Was Somewhat Subdued, but
Posed Much After the Manner of Her Appearance on the
First Day.
MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN
CALMLY ENTERS A SWEEPING
DENIAL TO MANY CHARGES
The Accused Woman Completes the Story of Her
Movements and of Her Benefactions to John
P. Dunning=A Mild Cross-Examination.
THE defenders of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin have closed their case.
The woman charged with the
murder of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs.
Deane in Delaware concluded yes
terday the testimony she had to give
in support of her claims of innocence
and then withstood the ordeal of cross
examination by counsel for the people.
This cross-examination was not severe
and there were signs of evident delight
among the attorneys and relatives of
the prisoner when she was released
from the witness chair.
The surprise of the trial came In the
absolute denial by Mrs. Botkin of mat
ters which witnesses for the prosecu
tion swore to as absolute facts. Calm
ily she said she did nbt know Frank
Grey, the drug clerk. She had never
met him; had never talked with him
and had never purchased arsenic in her
life, either here or elsewhere. She de
: nied that she had ever discussed the
matter of postage rates "with her old
nurse, Mrs. Ruoff. She also denied that
Dunning had ever told her that his wife
was passionately fond of candy. The
witnesses affirmed these things on the
stand with positiveness.
Mrs. Botkin also claimed that Mrs.
Price, the manager of the Victoria Ho
tel, saw her on Monday. August 1, and
! not on Sunday, the last day of July,
;as she testified. Mrs. Botkin acknowl
! edges that she returned from a short
shopping trip on the Monday, but
I claimed to have been confined to her
! room all day Sunday, except when she
i went to the telephone in the house.
Mr. Dunning has claimed that his
: wife sent him a copy of an anonymous
letter, reserving the original for her
self. Mrs. Botkin swore that the
anonymous letter which Mr. Dunning
I sent her for inspection was in the same
; handwriting as those which have been
placed in evidence. The prosecution is
prepared to put in much evidence in
rebuttal to strengthen the case for the
people. It will try to controvert the
claims of the defense that Mr^. Bot
kin, in Humboldt County, could not
have mailed a letter which bears the
canceling stamp of the postoffice sta
tion at the foot of Market street. The
prosecution expects to show that let
ters are placed in a mail bag that
hangs at the gang plank of the steamer
and are brought to this city without
the stamps being canceled. Upon ar
rival here an official of the steamship
company takes the bundle of letters
and deposits them In the postofflce,
where they are run through the can
celing machine and the stamps killed.
The anonymous letter in question bears
date of June 17 and is postmarked June
I 18. It is a day's journey by sea from
, Humboldt County.
The opportunity of seeing Mrs. Bot
kin on the stand attracted an unusual
ly large crowd to the court yesterday.
Captain Callundan of Morse's patrol
was the first witness called, his testi
mony being for the purpose of im
peaching Mrs. Grace Harris, the for-
mer saleswoman at the City of Paris.
Mrs. Harris has been the especial mark
of the defenders of Mrs. Botkin, and
has been handled without gloves re
peatedly. Captain Callundan's knowl
edge of the woman's antecedents did
not get into evidence owing to the ob
jections of Mr. Hosmer. Knight ac
complished what he wanted by the
manner in which he asked his ques
tions, in which he set forth all that the
detective could tell.
J. W. Bird, the next witness, proved
the undoing of the lobby In the rear
portion of the courtroom. He had a
peculiar Swedish accent coupled with
a quaint framing of his words that
amused those in attendance. They
laughed immoderately at one of his
answers and Judgre Cook at once or
dered the room cleared of all persons
who could not find seats. This provea
a bitter disappointment to many. Mr.
Bird is a brother-in-law of Kitty Dett
ner, one of the candy girls. He ad
mitted under questioning by Mr. Hos
mer that he had tried persistently for
some months past to break the force of
Miss Kitties testimony. Mrs. A. F.
Grant followed the loquacious Bird on
the stand. She told of statements made
her by Miss Livernash. Mrs. Botkin
then tripped blithely to the stand. She
drew her chair quickly over to the edge
of the Jury box and then bent her gaze
intently on the men in whose keeping
is her life. Her affectations of the pre
vious day seemed more subduea and
her mannerisms not so pronounced. She
had the same abounding confidence in
herself and posed to her heart's con
tent.
As on the day before she paused oc
casionally and asked Mr. Knight in a
bored tone: "Ah! Do you want more
of that?" Her examination proved hei
to be a gay bird of passage. She flitted
from one lodging-bouse to another and
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
apparently at one time or another had
modest apartments in almost every
boarding-house in the city. Her cross
examination by Attorney Hosmer
seemed insipid and colorless when com
pared with the severity with which the
menacing Knight handled some of the
women with pasts that would not bear
the fierce light that beats down upon
the witness stand.
Mrs. Botkin seemed to dwell fondly
on the expression "My son Beverly. **
It was ever on her lips and Beverly,
the leviathan, seemed to have invaria
bly shared the company of their friend
'"Jack" Dunning together. Mr. Hosmer
tried to get from the witness her exact
relations with Dunning, but she bristled
up indignantly at the first hint of any
impropriety and Mr. Hosmer abandoned
that line of inquiry when objections to
some of his questions were sustained.
There were evidences of delight among
the supporters of the accused woman
when Mr. Hosmer said that was all.
After asking the jury if they had any
questions and receiving no response
Mr. Knight said that was the case for
the defense. An adjournment was then
taken over the Christmas holidays. The
trial will be resumed on Tuesday morn
ing.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
Captain J. J. Callunden, superintend
ent of Morse's patrol, was the first v.-it
ness of the day. He was called by At
torney Knight to prove the character and
to impeach the testimony of Mrs. Grace
Harris. The prosecution has attacked
this witness more savagely than they
have any other person who has testified
for the prosecution. Mrs. Harris' testi
mony as to the sale of the handkerchief
to a woman resembling Mrs. Botkin and
of her ordering it sent to the Victoria
Hotel created one of the sensations of the
trial. This has brought out all the bitter
ness of the defense. Knight was not able
to frame a question that would pass Mr.
Hosmer's objections, but he succeeded in
getting the facts he wished to prove be
fore the jury by means of his bitter ques
tions. The unfortunate Mrs. Harris is
not through yet, as a juror has asked
that she be recalled, as he desired to ask
a question regarding a tag she is said to
have made out.
J. W. Bird, brother-in-law of Miss
Kitty Dettner, one of the candy store
girls, was asked to tell what he knew of
that young woman's reputation for truth,
honesty and integrity. The witness had
the quaint accent of an "Ole Olson" or
"Yonny Yonson" of the vaudeville stage,
and but for Judge Cook would have had
the courtroom in an uproar. At the first
outbreak of laughter his Honor ordered
the lobby closed, and those remaining
were careful to control their feelings. The
witness' direct examination was a sim
ple one, as he was hardly called upon for
more than the bare statement that Miss
Dettner's reputation for truth was a bad
one. Turned over to Mr. Hosmer for
cross-examination he acknowledged that
he had had trouble with the young
woman, but said he had no prejudice
against her. He acknowledged that he
went out of his way to say mean things
about the young woman to newspaper
men and also to Chief Lees. He was
asked as to persons who had spoken un
kindly of Miss Dettner, and said their
name was "legion." "Her own brother
had said mean things about her, and to
recite the names of her detractors would
be tedious." Mr. Hosmer asked him to
let him be the best judge of that, and to
name at least one. He finally named
Mrs. McDonald as one who had said.
"What can we do with such a liar as Kitty
Dettner?" He denied that he had ever
made any approaches toward her. "If
you please, sir, it was the other way."
He said the obfect of his going to Chief
Lees was to secure fair play. He said the
Chief was not particularly interested in
his disclosures regarding the girl, but that
he was anxious to know if she made a
good appearance and would she be likely
to impress a jury favorably. He was
asked if he did not tell equally disagree
able stories about Kitties mother and
her grandmother. Regarding the girl's
mother he said sadly that she was his
mother-in-law, as though that explana
tion was all that was required. Xlxe wit2
ness declined to answer some questions
either "yes" or "no," saying that one
part of them required one answer and the
other a contrary one. Judge Cook lec
tured him severely upon his evasions of
questions: the first time he has felt called
upon to do .^o during the progress of the
trial.
The witness who had lightened the
gloom of the tragic trial reeking with ar- j
senic, poisoned candy and tales of illicit
love, finally gave way to Mrs. A. F.
c.nuit. music teacher at Healdsburg Col
lope. She repeated the oft-told tale of the
planner in which Miss Lizzie A. Livernash
gained the confidence of Mrs. Botkin. I
Miss Livernasta told Mrs. Grant that she i
had told Mrs. BqU n she was a woman of
*.he world. To Mr. Hosmcr she said she
fcore no ill will toward Miss Livernash.
Mrs. Botkin Was the next and the last
witness for the defense and with the enn
rlusion of her cross-examination Mr.
Knight said: "That is our case, if your
Honor please."
Fnder Mr. Knight's careful questioning
the defendant went on with the carefully
worded narrative sh*> commenced the day
b( for«>. Sho first said that the letters in
her trunk from her husband all discussed
the divorce he seemed so - lxious to se
cure from her, to the end that he might
hestow his cooled affections elsewhere. In
response to questions regarding her cor
respondence with Dunning, she said that
on the eve of his departure for Cuba and
it= battlefields they had an understanding
that a regular correspondence was to be
kept up. He was to write of the war and
The stirring incidents through which he
passed and also to tell her with what suc
cess he had pul' " himself toe-ether to be
what he was not at that period.
He had written her three letters en
route. Her letters to him were equal in
number to those he wrote, perhaps more,
she said.
"When we parted there was no under
standing thnt our friendship was severed
for all time, but, on the contrary, we were
to follow up one another's movements.
He was anxious to know of my success
in dealing with my husband. I admon
ished him that it was best that he should
be with his family, where temptation
would not be strong. We never at any
time discussed the matter of each of us
getting a divorce and being thus able to
marry. T would not consider the matter
of a divorce, and my husband has no way
of procuring one, although he has repeat
edly asked for one.
"My friendship with Mr. Dunning was
open and above board. We went about
with my husband's consent, as he wanted
me to have a pood time so long as I was
in the company of gentlemen. While I
was at 927 Geary street Mr. Dunning's
financial condition was pitiable In the ex
treme. It was such that it would excite
pity in any woman. He was in extreme
want, and I helped him. I do not care
to refer to what I have done for him.
About this time he went to Salt Lake, in
an attempt to better his condition. He
remained away. five months, but did noth
ing, and then wanted money on which he
could return. He wired for funds so that
he could return here, and I sent him the
ssary funds. When he left here he
thought he had gone for good and that
be would never return. While he was in
Suit Lake he sent me what purported to
be an anonymous letter. With it he wrote
me that he had received it from his wife
and that he did not know who had sent
it. To his wife he had laid the blame at
the door of Mrs. CaHmbertie, but he really
did not know who wrote it. He said that
his enemies and mine apparently did not
intend to let us alone. I thought the letter ;
waa the work of some one who had lived j
at 987 Geary street and who had not en- j
joyed the good times we had there.
"I also suspected Mrs. Seeley, who had
an enmity toward mo. 1 had seen Mrs.
Running's handwriting, as he had shown
his wife's letters to myself, Mrs. Seeley
and my son Beverly. He would read to
us what she had to say about their little
girl, of whom he was very fond. The
anonymous letter was not a copy in the
handwriting of Mrs. Dunning, as has been
t.r- titied to in this case. As well as one's
memory can be depended upon, the letter
was a perfect counterpart of the other
anonymous letters."
"Did you on August 4 send by mail a
box of candy?" asked Knight.
"1 did not," was the answer.
"Did you ever send a box of candy to
Mrs. Dunning?"
•'I never did."
"1 never spoke to Mrs. Ruoff about rates
of postage as I knew all about such mat
ters and freight charges from the wide ex
perience I had as a purchasing agent. I
never wrote to Mrs. Dunning and 1 never
addressed a letter 'John P. Dunning.' It
was always 'J. P. Dunning Esq.' 1 had
no enmity toward Mrs. Dunning. I had
never seen the woman in my life and
never sent her a letter of any kind. I
certainly never saw the box of candy
until it was shown here and was never in
the candy shop. 1 never went to the Owl
drug store. 1 do not know Mr. Grey. I
never met him and never had any talk
with him. 1 never made a purchase of
arsenic in 'me' life in San Francisco or
in any other place. I never purchased the
handkerchief shown here and I never had
anything delivered to me from any shop
in this city.
"When Mr. Botkin was discussing the
question of us being divorced 1 consulted
Attorney W. EL L. Barnes with a view to
restating his efforts in that direction.
When Mr. Dunning went East we had no
discussion and no understanding as to my
joining him there, 1 hoped for the best
for him and never contemplated that mat
ters would be otherwise. On July 31 I
was ill in bed and did not leave my room
with the exception of the time I went to
telephone Dr. Ttrrlll. The Jap served
dinner to mo in my room and placed it
near my couch. On the following day,
August 1, I gathered myself together and,
aJter making myself presentable, 1 went
to the shop downstairs and made a num
ber of purchases of eatables. They had
no buns which I desired, so I took a loaf
of bread and some fruit. I then went to
a chemist's shop and made some pur
chases of toilet articles and returned to
the hotel. On the stairs I met Mrs. Price,
who reprimanded me, saying that in my
tllnesa 1 should have had the Jap or her
lad to serve me. I had these parcels when
I met Mrs. Price.
"Mr. Dunning never told me his wife
was passionately fond of candy. He used
to say that with her high ideals of life
she was too good for him. I always ad
vised him to go to his wife. 1 never dis
cussed marriage with him. It would be
an impossibility."
Mr. Hosmer, in his cross-examination,
had Mrs. Hotkin again trace her move
ments throughout the State from the first
time she met Dunning until Chief Lees
placed her under arrest. Her course led
her from boarding-house to boarding
house in this city, with trips to her rela
tives in Oakland. Stockton, Healdsburg,
Eureka and Ferndale.
To Mr. Hosmer she said she first met
Dunning in the autumn of 1895— she
thought in September. At the time she
was living ut 2217 Bush street. She did
not know where Dunning was living and
did not learn until some weeks later. She
told of the meetings with him at various
places, but usually at Ingleside race
course. Off and on between the betting
he left the ring and chatted with her.
Shortly after, in response to an invitation,
he visited her at her apartments one af
ternoon and stayed about an hour. He
then extended an invitation to her to dine
and shortly after she accepted. They went
to Delmonico's and had a private dining
room upstairs, where she said th«y re
mained the usual length of time required
to take a meal and converse— about an
hour or an hour and a half altogether.
The witness said she was frequently out
with him during the years 1896 and 1597
and dined frequently with him. She did
not recall the restaurants, but they were
always cheap ones after the first splurge,
and she said she paid for them more fre
quently after the first time than he did.
She a< knr.wledged to having been In th«
waiting room of the Hoffman House cafe
and also in the Hamilton House, Oakland.
The latter time was while she was in her
convalescent state after her illness and
she had taken a car ride out there. She
had never gone to the Columbia cafe, but
she had gone to the theater of that name.
She had never seen Mrs. Dunning, but
knew there was a <hild in the family, as
the father had told her so.
Mr. ITosmer asked if Mr. Dunning had
ever asked for money. The witness
thought he ankcd if she had tried to get
some from him. She drew herself up in
dignantly as though it was preposterous,
and she was about to give a sharp answer
before she understood the question. She
said he had asked for money. He visited
her frequently at Bush street. After
dining with his wife and child he would
stroll out for a walk and would usually
call on her. He would discuss his success
or failure at the track during the day and
then rejoin his family. When pressed for
an answer requiring a date tne witness
pleaded bad memory. While she was on
Bush street she frequently met Dunning
downtown. Dunning went to live at 927
Geary street about Christmas. 1896. He
was there so continuously that the little
party of four, consisting of Dunning, Mrs.
Botkin, Mrs. Seeley and Beverly, all de
cided that it was only proper that he
should take a room there. One was va
cant at that time and he took it. stay
ing until the time he went to Salt Lave*
Mrs. Botkin said she was in his company
continuously. She took meals with him,
or rather he took imals with her, as she
corrected herself to say. He was con
stantly In her room after he returned
from the races, and after a day at tne
track he was frequently without funds.
As to the character of the social life there
she said they all dined together, and then
there were games of whist and other
games with cards, after which she would
provide refreshments in the shape of tea
and salad. Mr. Dunning and her son, Bev
erly, would drink beer, and "bracers"
made of whisky. The witness occasionally
took some of the "bracers" as brewed by
the men, and admitted that she linally
fw to like them. Mr. Hosmer tried to
at the nature of the intimacy existing
ween the prisoner and Dunning, but
bristled up and was rapidly growing
indignant whon her questioner desisted.
He did ask If they spent the entire nignt
together, and she said, "He had his room
and I had mine."
She said her husband in Stockton know
she was keeping company with Dunning,
and that he knew him under his real name,
Iverly, my son, knew him aa 'Jack,'
in the letters of my husband wnere
k' is used it means Dunning."
c couple corresponded regularly while
nine was In Salt Lake, and she said
c of hers were long epistles. She did
not have him come back at her instance,
although she sent him the money for his
fare and was glad that he returned. She
told of him sleeping on the i of the
Press Club at times when he did not have
the money to secure a room. She fur
nished him with food when he had none.
The witness acknowledged that she was
at the foot of Market street on the day
on which the box of poisoned candy is
supposed to have been maued in this city.
She was on her way to her sister's at
Ht-ald-sburg.
She told In detail the checking of her
trunk and the purchase of her ticket. She
had to hasten, as she just had time to
take her small luggage and get the boat.
It was about 7 o'clock— just— gloaming—
when she reached her destination. Two
days later she drove across country with
her sister, where she remained until the
trip to Stockton to seek the protection of
her husband. Mr. Hosmer after this re
cital took her abruptly on her trip to Eu
reka, which she described in detail.
After drawing from her an acknowledg
ment that she had frequently purchased
articles at the City of Paris, Mr. Hosmer
surprised everybody by saying: 'That is
all, your Honor." Mr. KnitriiL asked if
any juryman desired to ask Mrs. Botkin
any question. She stood up promptly, but
the twelve men In the jury box had noth
ing to say.
Mr. Knight then said: "That is our
case, if your Honor please."
Mr. Rubart was recalled. He said he
knew of the bag for letters at the steam
er's side and had known that letters wtre
sent to this city for mailing.
The court then adjourned until next
Tuesday morning.
Railroad Company to Dissolve.
A petition for the dissolution of the
Visalia Railroad Company was tiled in tne
office of the County Clerk yesterday. The
dissolution of the corporation was deter
mined upon at a meeting of the stockhold
ers held on the 22d inst. The petition for
dissolution was presented by the direct
ors of the corporation— H. E. Hunting
ton, J. Kruttschnitt, William Hoed, B. A.
"Worthlngton and \V. G. Curtis. No reason
for the application for dissolution is given.
WILL WEIGH 150 TONS.
Giant Scales Installed in the Govern- '.
ment Gunshops in Washington.
Everybody is perhaps aware that tho
', large scales upon which the entire j
freight cars with their loads of many |
tons are weighed are considered im- j
mense, but with all their immensity, >
i Uncle Sam has gone all the railroads in :
| the country one point better by install- ;
■ ing at the navy-yard one of the largest :
j pair of scales in the country. This
' machine can outweigh the largest rail-
I road weighing machine by fifty tons,
j and its results must be accurate to a
I pound, while railroad scales are con
| sidered good if they approach any-
I where near fifty pounds of being cor- '
I rect. The new scales are placed on :
I the track going south from the great j
j gun shops and just opposite the forge
shop. They are 48 feet long and 12 i
| feet wide, and rest upon a cement base j
built upon long piles. The ground is i
somewhat low, and it was necessary to j
utilize the services of pile drivers to se- !
cure a stable foundation, which is one \
of the requisites of an accurate weigh- j
ing machine. The cost was about $1200. i
Much o-f its fine and sensitive balanc- j
ing apparatus was manufactured for I
special use in the new machine, and the '
, completed structure Is considered a j
model and marvel of modern mechan- j
ism and American ingenuity.
In order to illustrate the accuracy of I
the counterpoise of the machine to a !
reporter the Superintendent of Yards !
; and Docks picked up a half brick which !
| was lying on the ground near by and ;
i tossed it on the huge platform of the
machine. He then consulted the long
brass lever in the reading box along jhe !
side of the scales and found that the i
record of the brickbat was just a
pound.
Turning to the reporter he said that
i the machine is so sensitive that it can
weigh anything from a pound of sugar
to a trio of thirteen-inch naval guns,
and weigh them accurately, though it
will probably eke out a long existence :
at the famous gunshop without having '
, the chance to weigh an ounce of the
former. The capacity of the new scales
is 150 tons, or double the capacity of
I the old scales, which have just been -
replaced. A thirteen-inch gun weighs
about fifty-five tons, and it may be
readily seen that the new scales can I
weigh two of the monsters, reclining on
a forty-eight-foot car track, and not
tax its capacity to any great extent.
All the big guns of the new navy will
be weighed upon these colossal scales. — ,
Washington Times.
Stuart Robson tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
■ » .
Fusion in the Pottery Trade. :
A discovery has been made which will
revolutionize the whole of the porce- j
lain and pottery trade If successful. It j
is that the clay, instead c-f being
molded wet and baked, can be fused
by means of an electric furnace and
cast in molds exactly like castiron If i
the mold is .sufficiently smooth Inside ''
no glazing is needed, but should any
be required powdered glass is sprinkled
over the surface of the casting while it
is hot enough to fuse the glass.
» ♦ ■ —
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets All
dniggrlMs refund the money if it fails to cure I
Kb Tbe genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet I
THE SAX FRAJSTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
FRAUDS IN SAN
JOSE'S ELECTION
Recount Will Elect the
Contestants.
WERE ROBBED OF VOTES
LYNDON, CONANT AND AGGELEK,
GAINING.
Disclosure of an Organized Attempt
to "Count Out" James H. Camp
bell for District
Attorney.
Special DiEpatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 23.— Interest is in
! creasing in the contests over the elec
i tion of Sheriff, Treasurer and City Jus
j tice, and the disclosures thus far made
: indicate that fraud was perpetrated by
: the "gang" at the last election. The
; count is progressing very slowly, but
I two precincts having been tallied to
! day. At this rate three weeks will be
required to recount the county. In the
Second Precinct of this city, Lyndon
gained ten votes. The net gains of
the contestants in the three precincts
of the city counted are as follows:
Lyndon (Sheriff), 12; Conant (Treas
urer), 3, and Aggeler (City Justice), 4.
If this ratio keeps up these officers
will win on the vote of the city, and
it will not be necessary to count the
outlying precincts.
An organized attempt to count out
James H. Campbell, the Good Govern.
ment-Democratic nominee for District
Attorney, has come to light through
the contest. The ballots of the First
and Second precincts show that B. A.
Herrington, Rea's candidate, was given
35 votes he was not entitled to. The
Third Precinct v.ill show about 8 votes
counted illegally for Herrington. Thj
"gang" made an especially hard fi?ht
to elect the District Attorney, and it
was reported fraud was perpetrated in
the hope of accomplishing it.
Last night Herrington secretly filed a
contest of Campbell's election, but
knowing ones declare it will neve*
come to trial, now that evidence of
fraud has been unearthed. The peti
tion, which is signed by L. O'Neal, al
leges that 600 votes were counted for
Campbell that should have gone to
Herrington. The matter was up be
fore. Judge Lorigan this morning, but
no date was set for the hearing.
Campbell was given the certificate of
election on a majority of 39.
808 BLANKS WILL DIE.
Governor Refuses to Re
prieve the Negro.
FRANKFORT, Ky.. Dec. 23.— Governor
Bradley to-night refused to extend clem
ency in the case of "Bob" Blanks of May
Held, sentenced to be hangod on Februarj
23 next, thus closing a rather sensationa
chapter In Kentucy history.
Blanks, a negro, assaulted Teenie Bay
ky, a 12-year-old white girl, in Graves
County, in January last. He escaped Into
Illinois, and Governor Bradley made
requisition and had Blanks brought to
Louisville. On the date of his trial the
adjutant general, with a company o
Statue trooj.s, accompanied the negro to
Graven County, remained there until the
case was ended, and brought the prisoner
back to Louisville. He has since been in
jail there, and will not be taken to the
scene of his crime until a few days be
fore his execution.
A MAN OF NERVE."
He Gave a Remarkably Cool Recep
tion to a Burglar.
"Coolest man I ever met," tells the
reformed burglar, "was right here in
Detroit. No matter how it was dope;
I got a line on his huuse. knew where
the silver and jewelry were kept, and
also knew that he had some wealthy
visitors with diamonds and other costly
trinkets well worth gathering in. i
went through the rear window as
fiuickly as any glazier could have done
and the burglar alarm never chirped
a note. I sat down to satisfy myself
that no one in the house was stirring
and to smile at a little iron safe that
an expert could open with a hairpin. I
was just about to begin the campaign
when I received a slight tap on the
shoulder, and whirled about to be con
fronted with my cool gentleman, a re
volver held c-n a level with my fore
head. His hand was as firm as a rock,
there was a dancing light in his eyes
and his color was perfectly natural.
" 'Glad I happened to notice your en
trance,' he remarked in a pleasant
voice. 'Anything I can do for you?'
" 'For — for heaven's sake, don't shoot,'
I managed to stammer.
" "Sorry to violate the etiquette of
hospitality,' he laughed, 'but I have an
Irresistible impulse to bang away, and
you're standing right where I'm going
to shoot. It is ju.«t possible that I can
restrain myself for a couple of seconds,
but not a moment longer.' He wus
grinning like a big good-hearted school
boy, but I knew what was expected of
me. I dove through that window like
a streak of lightning, never stopping
for my kit, ran three miles and just
caught the train for Chicago. If I
had that mans nerve I fear I never
would have reformed." — Detroit Free
Press.
WHY THE CREW GREW FLESHY.
Phenomenon Explained by the Pres
ence of Much Arsenic Aboard.
The German bark Zion, which ar
rived at this port recently from Fowey,
England, brought a rather peculiar
cargo. It consisted of IsOO cask 3of
china clay, but in addition there were
on board 300 casks of arsenic. This
part of the cargo had a remarkable ef
fect on the crew.
The fact that arsenic as well as
'trychnine helps the formation of adi
pose tissue when taken into the hu
man system in minute particles is well
known, and both drugs have become
favorite tonics for convalescents. On
ioard the Zion the men slept very near
the large array of barrels containing
Lhe drug. They were stored in the
iold, near the forecastle, and partially
?xposed to the rays of the sun, which
streamed in through the open hatch.
When only about a week out from
Dort one of the crew mentioned to his
messmates that a peculiar and inde
scribable odor was coming from the
•asks containing the drug. It was not
ong after their attention had been
to it that they all noticed the
same thing 1 , and, strange to say, no
iced it all the more forcibly a week
ater. Several of the German tars be
•ame aware of the fact that they were
Wing out their clothes to a much
rreater extent than whi?n they shipped.
Many Qthers, as days went by, became
ibnormally stout, in vast contrast to
.he former slim appearance which
many of them presented before the
and was left. One man gained, it is
aid, twenty-five pounds. Others were
iffected to a less extent. But the ag
gregate weight put on by the entire
Tew was little less than 400 pounds.
Several of the sailors are known here,
md they are said to be scarcely recog
lizable when contrasted with the old
lays. The entire sudden taking on of
avoirdupois is attributed to vapor,
which, generated by the action of the
sun on the casks, was inhaled by the
i seamen as they slept and acted in pre
'■ cisely the same manner which it does
) when given as a tonic in a prescrip
tion. Captain Hammes, who slept aft
in the vessel, entirely removed from the
arsenic, does not show any effect of the
inhalation.— Philadelphia Times.
ANOTHEB BRAVE DEWEY.
How Captain Samuel Sawed Jackson's
Figurehead From Constitution.
Now, when the nation rings with the
name of Dewey, the exploit of Captain
Samuel Dewey of Massachusetts should
: have place among our sailor yarns. Ben.
Perley Poore in his "Reminiscences" gives
an account of the capture of the figure
head of Andrew Jackson from the ship
Constitution by this daring young mari
ner. It appears when "the solid men of
Boston" ascertained that General Jackson
actually signed the order for the removal
of deposits from the Bank of the United
I States while enjoying their hospitality
| they were very angry, and soon after, on
learning that the United States frigate
Constitution, a Boston-built vessel, which
was being repaired at the Charlestown
navy-yard, was to be ornamented with a
full-length figure of General Jackson,
they regarded it as an insult.
The carver was ordered to stop his
work. This he declined to do, and had
the half-finished block of wood removed
to the navy-yard, where his work was
completed under the protection of a guard
of •marines. When the figurehead was
completed and fastened to the cutwater
of the Constitution she was hauled to
i her anchorage and a vessel stationed as a
! guard on either side of her. The indigna
' tlon of the Bostonians had now reached
fighting pitch and Captain Dewey deter
i mined the head should come down. Late
! one night, during a violent storm, he
! dropped into a rowboat and started for
I the ve.ssel. All was dark except when
lightning shot across the sky, illuminat
ing the harbor and guiding Dewey to the
Constitution.
Making fast his boat to the bow of the
| vessel, he climbed up, protected by some
headboards left there the day before. A
: sharp saw soon did the work, and an hour
later Dewey entered the door of Galla
i gher's hotel, where a party of friends
' anxiously awaited him, bearing aloft the
grim visage of Andrew Jackson. Uproar
ious shouts greeted him, and he at once
became the lion of the Whigs. Commo
dore Elliott, though frantio with rage
over the insult offered his chief, was
powerless to do anything. Soon after
1»> wry went to Washington, taking his
trophy with him, where it was passed
around among the leading Whigs. Finally
he called on the Secretary of War, taking
the head tied up in a bandana handker
chief.
"Mr. Dickerson," said the captain, "I
am the man who removed the figurehead
from the Constitution, and I have brought
it here to restore it."
Secretary Dickerson looked in astonish
ment at the man who had the boldness to
> ;ist such an indignity upon the adminis
tration.
"Well, sir!" he exclaimed, "so you are
the man who had the audacity to disfigure
Old Ironsides?"
"Yes, I took the responsibility."
"I shall have you arrested immediate
ly." and the Secretary reached toward his
bell to summon a messenger.
"Stop, Mr. Secretary," Interposed the
captain. "You, as a lawyer, know that
there is no statute against defacing a
ship of war, and all you can do is to sue
me for trespass, and that in the county
whore the offense was committed. If you
desire it, I will go back to Middlesex
County and stand my trial."
After a few monifnts 1 reflection, Diek
f-rsun admitted that he was correct. Then.
asking him to wait, he stepped over to the
White House, followed by an attendant
carrying the head. At the sight of It the
President burst into an uncontrollable fit.
of laughter.
"Why, that," he cried at length, "why,
that is the most infernal graven image I
ever saw. That fellow did perfectly right.
You've got him, you say? Well, give him
a kick and my compliments and tell him
to Saw it off again."— Leslie's Weekly.
A FLOATING EXPOSITION.
The Shipload of Its Products Which
Austria Will Show in the
Orient.
Austria-Hungary lags behind in the
race for foreign trade. Hungary is given
to agriculture, and her manufactures are
inconsiderable. Austria lacks the coal and
iron that add so much to the wealth and
industrial activity of Germany. Most of
the manufactures of the empire are pro
duced in the rugged parts of Austria
proper, and though in variety and volume
they fall far below those of Germany the
country is capable of much larger produc
tion, and is now trying to expand its
trade.
The latest effort In this direction is the
floating exposition, which is to- start from
Trieste in December. It will spend tne
next six months visiting all the leading
ports of India and the Orient and a few
islands in the Indian and Pacific oceans.
A large steamship has been chartered
from the Austrian Lloyds Steamship
Company, and the imperial Government
has encouraged the enterprise with a
grant of $20,300. Among the ports to be
visited are the Piraeus, Salonlca. Constan
tinople, Smyrna, Alexandria, Massowah,
Aden, Bombay, Colombo, Calcutta, Ran
goon, Singapore, Bangkok. Saigon, Kata
via, Oebu, Manila. Canton, Hongkong,
Swatow, Amoy, Fuchau, Shanghai. W.i
Hal Wei, Cheefoo, Port Arthur, Nagas
aki, Kobe and Yokohama.
The ship will carry samples of Austro-
Hungarian products, and nic entire ves
sel. llt ted up with booths and lighted by
electricity, will be a vast storehouse of
exhibits. Each exhibitor win pay accord
ing to the space up occupies, and thirty or
forty experts will accompany the floating
show to give information. The exposition
will be free to all, anu its arrival in each
port will be announced In advance in the
newspapers and by posters i.nd circulars.
Catalogues printed in four languages wiil
be distributed Gratuitously, and the
agents on board may receive orders, but
can se only at the prices fixed by the ex
hibitors. An ice machine will be on board
to insure the freshness of all the products,
particularly the wine and beer.
This enterprise is not original with Aus
tria. It wns tried with success by Switz
erland years ago. The larger country
m.'iy well take other lessons from the
little republic, for Switzerland, an
Inland state, denendent upon for
eign ports to receive and dispatch all
its Imports and exports of commodities, is,
in proportion to its population, one of the
leading commercial nations.— New York
Sun.
■ m ■
A Sergeant's Opinion.
On a recent trip West we rode for many
miles, in sleeping and dining cars, with an
intelligent young man, a sergeant in an
Ohio regiment, going home on sick fur
lough to recuperate. While mourning his
forced inactivity during the war, he spoke
most plainly and positively of the real
reasons which underlaid many of the
complaints as to the treatment the troops
received. Most prominent among them
was the lack of discipline in many of the
volunteer regiments, brought about large
ly by the unwise mingling of officers with
their men when off duty. Some of those
in command would, perhaps naturally but
very unwisely, participate in athletic
games and sports during hours of idle
ness, and then be surprised that their
commands, when on duty, were looked
upon sis being more in the nature of ad
vice than an order to be unquestionably
obeyed. The remarks of our soldier friend
were in accord with universal experience,
which has ever shown the importance of
keeping up most rigidly the lines which
divide privates and officers, if that disci
pline is to be maintained upon which the
safety and well-being of all depend in
war.— Episcopal Recorder.
. ♦ .
American Farmers Slandered.
The London Spectator says: "You can
not rid the average American farmer of
the . idea that When silver and paper
money are plenty times will be good."
rho average American farmer deserves a
better-reputation than this. He showed
In the recent election that he does not
think silver and paper money in abund
ance necessarily make good times. ' In
that election he declared that silver and
paper currency need bracing up, and that
jold must be used to do the bracing. The
farmer voted for the preservation of the
gold standard. It was the farmer's vote
which saved the gold standard from as
sault in the next House o Representa
tives. If the farmers had been faith
less to the cause of financial sanity the
Republicans would have been beaten in
:he election. In the manufacturing and
commercial region the Republicans lost
ground. They gained ground in the ag
ricultural districts. , -.When the Specta
tor digests the recent election returns
From the Western States it will have a
higher opinion of the American ; farmer. !
3t. Louis Globe-Democrat.
' — ' * »
Christmas. Magic, by Professor
Soffman, in next Sunday's Call.
BURNING OF THE
TELLTALE BOOKS
Standard Oil Employes
Testify.
TWO FURNACES WERE USED
HUNDREDS OF POUNDS OF
PAPERS DESTROYED.
How the Company Prevented an Ex
amination of Its Records by
the Board of In
quiry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 23. — Evidence
was obtained from additional witnesses
to-day to show that books belonging to
the Standard Oil Company had been
destroyed on November 20 and 21. The
first witness examined before Notary-
Mason to-day was George Fields, who
was said to have sent employes of the
company to the general offices after the
books that were alleged to have been
destroyed.
Fields said he was employed In the
car shops of the Standard. He said he
was Instructed by telephone to send two
men to the general office.
Moran said he was sent by Fields to
the general offices on November 19
after boxes of bcroks and papers. Ed
ward O'Hea and Mclnerney went with
him and Harry Gabeline and Henry
Schaf came In the afternoon. Moran
said the boxes were about four feet
square and weighed about 300 pounds.
He said that the hallway was so nar
row that he lowered them to the ground
with a block and tackle through a win
dow. The boxes were lowered upon a
wagon and taken to a storehouse on
Independence street.
Moran said that on the following
Monday morning the general office tele
phoned to the car shops for two men.
Mclnerney and himself were sent. On
that mc-rning they took some boxes
from the storehouse to the river pump
house. He did not know whether they
were the same boxes that they had got
Saturday. They took the boxes to the
furnaces and burned the contents. He
admitted that he had talked to Attorney
S. H. Tolles of the Standard in regard
to the destruction of the books.
On cross-examination by Attorney
Tolles Moran said that he knew a lot
of books and papers were burned a
year ago, but he did not help burn
them. Books were burned on Saturday
In the car shops and on Monday in the
pumphouse. Nobody said anything to
him about the matter.
Several other witnesses appeared to
day, but their depositions were not
taken. Constable McMahon was sent
to subpena several bookkeepers and
clerks employed at the Euclid-avenue
offices, but came back with the report
that he had been unable to find any
of the men. he had been looking for.
Another effort was made to-day to sub
pena Secretary Squire of the Standard
Company and Frank Rockefeller, but
neither could be found.
The taking of depositions was contin
ued until 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
DATING BACK— S., Vacaville, Cal. The
answer to your question about dating
back a mortgage was answered in this
department October 15 of the current
year. A mortgage may be dated back.
The question of date is only effective
from the time of delivery.
PARK POLICE— O. S., City. A person
desiring information about the park po
lice force of San Francisco should make
application at the office of the park po
lice in Golden Gate Park. There all in
formation as to qualifications will be fur
nished.
THE VOLUNTEERS— Anxious, City.
There is no volume published of the "na
tivity, age, birth, etc.," of the volunteers.
Such record is in the shape of muster
rolls in the different States (office of the
adjutant general) from which men vol
unteered, and at the War Department in
Washington, D. C.
FREE LICENSE-W. M., Oakland, Cal.
If you desire to obtain a free license In
order to peddle you must make applica
tion to the Board of Supervisors, and if
that body deems your case a deserving
one you will no doubt obtain such a
license. What your rights are will be
explained by the party issuing you the
license.
ANARCHISTS-H. B. PI., Campbell,
Santa Clara County, Cal. In Russia the
agitators against the Government are
called nihilists and not anarchists, though
both classes are formed for the same
purpose— the destruction of an existing
Government. In Russia people of all
classes have been charged with being ni
hilists, men of high standing as well as
those of the lower classes.
SOLITAIRE— Mrs. 8., City. There are
several games known as solitaire that
may be played with cards. There is Nidgl
Novgorod or Russian solitaire, played
with a full pack; the Hopeful, also played
with a full pack; Pistols and Coffee for
Two, played with two full packs, and Ex
celsior Patience, played with one full
TAKE
THEM
AWAY.
"We may not be able to deliver goods bought after 12 to-day.
Our Cut Ppippq zz l LT*}° yy ° at °.™. tb r
\J til UUt IIUUiJ Come early. in the day.
Christmas lines of A goods, to eat, for show, to give "as presents, or
toys for the children, will be sold at ■-•■■ . .
Prices air day and during the evening. Ample force to wait on all who
come. It will be a big day for us and will be a big day for you In money
saving if you come our way.
Other Cut Prices, 9
Llßht Cares or Jackets. $10 kind $4 00 I^SPfl P 3 li
Ocean Spray White Blankets, J6 kind 373 tV J*^K % X |1 83 '^^^1
Citron, finest and freshest, use kind 12 "^Jfjp a X a ™ "• ■"
Cranberries for immediate u5e.............. "5 -jm-' " ■j. "*. ■ W HI.IBS I^^',
Comb Honey, finest stock, 15c kind 10 HT^ /s)k C^ BJB OS3 ffJk f^, m*
Mince Pies, home made. kind..........'.. -15 *** fIV ■■ V I If »*s»
Chocolate Bonbons, have .no e-ua1..........V 60 -;C "- ■ ?\T~ m £-
French Mixed Candy; fresh made 15, 25/ 35 c OK ml O'T M « n A x. Cf C? rr
Raisins, : 20-lt» boxes »1 50, .L 1ayer5........ 125 ■**** ■** * "ItIPKC lOlii O.T.
' »'. I •'. J 1 «. ■" " ..i . . ..." . . •:.-.. " .. * .. , '.' ' ' ■ ' ■
pack. This department has not the space
to give the rules for playing these games,
but they can be found in Hoyle s Games,
latest edition, which can be obtained for a
small price from dealers. There are also
games of solitaire played with marbles,
which can be obtained from dealers in
toys.
WASHINGTON ELECTrON-N. J. M.,
Santa Cruz, Cal. To obtain the number of
votes cast for the candidates for United
States Representatives from the State or
Washington you will have to address a
letter of inquiry to the Secretary of State
of Washington.
THE FIRE LIMITS— A. O. S., City. The
fire limits of San Francisco are as fol
lows: Commencing at the intersection of
the shore line of the bay with the east
erly end of Greenwich street, west to
Sansome, Sansome to Broadway, to Pow
ell, to Sacramento, to Stockton, to Sut
ter, to a point on that street 206 feet west
of Powell, thence westerly to O'Farrell
street, to Mason, to Ellis, to Taylor, to
Eddy, to Jones, to Turk, to Leavenwortn,
to Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 feet east of
Larkin street, thence north to McAllis
ter, along McAllister to Polk, to Hayes,
to Van Ness avenue, to Fell street, to
Franklin, to Page, to Gough. to Market,
to Valencia, to Herrma«,to West Mission,
and Mission to Ninth, to Minna, to Sixth,
to Howard, to First, to Folsom, to Steu
art, to Howard, to the bay, thence north
erly and westerly along the water front
to the point of commencement. For a
more minute description by metes and
bounds see the ordinance of the Super
visors, No. 2927, in General Order of the
Board of Supervisors.
A MUSICAL MECHANIC.
Carpenter Who Did Not Comprehend
Halevy ? s Inducement.
"The Queen's Musketeers," which ia
again a great Parisian success, was first
brought out at the Opera Comique, when
Halevy was distinctly down on his luck.
Indeed, he was counting upon the suc
cess of his new work as a means of get
ting his affairs into order again, says T.
P. O'Connor in the London Sun. He had
taken the very best of care with it,
eliminating every phrase and every bar
that smacked of the commonplace. Espe
cially—and here lies the whole point of
the story— he had been at infinite pains to
avoid repeating himself, and to strike out
every motif that might lead his critics to
accuse him of plagiarism from his former
operas. \ -. , ... ■;■.' .-.. - .- ;- • -
The rehearsals went on capitally; the
artistes were delighted with their parts.
Everything foretold success. One day, as
he left the theater after rehearsal and
took a stroll along the boulevard, he
heard somebody whistling a tune near
him. He listened in amazement, for it
was a tune that he recognized only too
well. Heavens! it was just the air of the
song which he had written for Captain
Roland in his new piece. :'■•'
Unconsciously he had been composing
from memory. He went up to the whist
ler, a worthy workman, who was still
continuing his tune, and asked him what
on earth he was whistling. .........
"My friend, you are surprised," said the
man, "and no wonder. Do you know that
there is not another man in the ■ streets
of Paris who could whistle you that
tune?" ■■ ••- . '.:/ :-.%■
"Why?" . '•■-.■■ ■ .- • :
"Because it's a song that nobody knows
yet."
"Indeed?"
"Certainly, because it is in the new piece
that they are rehearsing at the Opera
Comique." ■ ■■■■> * --•
"A-a-a-ah!" said Halevy, with a deep
sigh of relief. "But how on earth is it
that you know it?" . - - <■.-■
"Well, because I was putting up a par
tition yesterday in the opera house— l am
a joiner by trade, you know— the
song was being sung."
"The deuce!" said Halevy. "I did not
think it could be learned so easily. Look
here, my friend, there is a louis for you,
and do not whistle it any more."
"Why?"
"Because I am the author of it."
"Oh," said the musical carpenter. And
as he went away he muttered to himself:
"He is a queer fish. Why don't he give
me the 20 francs to keep on whistling it?"
.■» ♦ ■
Early Marine Engineering in the
United States.
In 1830 gongs for the engine room were
unknown, and in many of the boats, when
the pilot was in his house (if there was
one) or on the deck over the engine room,
he would signal to the engineer by the
strokes of a stick or cane upon the floor
of the house or deck. All boats, of course,
carried bells, and by them all notices of de
parture and of arriving were made known,
and all salutes between boats were given
by their bells. To blow steam, as is now
done by a whistle, was intended to be a
challenge or an Insult.
In July, 1837. --c first steam launch, the
Sweetheart, 35 feet in length, 4 feet 3
inches of beam, and 3 feet depth, engine
4 by 12 inches, wheels 3 feet 6 inches in
diameter, and boiler horizontal fire tubu
lar, designed and constructed at the
United States Navy Yard. New York, by
the writer, then v_,hief Engineer of the
navy, was completed, and on her trial and
succeeding trips around the city of New
York was saluted with the bells of j
passing steamboats and cheered by peo- j
pie, who rushed to the ends of the piers i
to witness the novel sight. She attained
a speed of 8.5 miles per hour. The engine i
was subsequently transferred to tne
United States Naval School at Annapolis.
Fuel, up to the year 1836, was wholly
pine wood, though about that time some
owners of steamboats commenced experi
menting upon the practicability of using
anthracite coal. A steamboat on her
route of six or more hours could not have
the capacity in her fire room to contain
all the wood required, and was compelled
to pile it upon her side houses; and such
boats as were on a long route, as from
New York to Providence, were compelled
to invade their upper deck with wood,
and upon leaving the city had somewhat
the resemblance of a floating woodyard.
—Charles H. Hasswell in Cassier's Maga
zine.
Mrs. McKinley's Joke.
WASHINGTON, Dec. L.— Mrs. McKin
ley is saving some bright things these
days. The other evening the wife of a |
prominent citizen of Washington, while ]
visiting ti»p White House, happened to
mention that she had received a basket
of mushrooms from an unknown source,
and, fearing that they might not be gen
uine, had taken them to the market
where ?he usually bought her vegetables
and had them carefully looked over be
fore they were cooked.
"What were you afraid of?" Inquired
Mrs. MeKlnley.
"I was afraid we might be poisoned
and die."
"I thought you were a Presbyterian."
retorted the President's wife, "and that
Presbyterians never die until their time
comes."— Chicago Record.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
imoANEy
Mahogany Finish Table of
stylish design £t $3.00
I Large selection of Solid
Mahogany Crotch Veneer-top
Tables in new Colonial de-
signs at greatly reduced
Fine selection of Rush
Seat Rockers of the latest
designs in either Tobacco
Oak or Mahogany finish
.....,$7.50 Each
Ladies' Inlaid Mahogany
finish Rockers with hand-
somely upholstered seats and
backs $12. 00 Each
Gentlemen's large Easy
Chairs and Rockers, uphol-
stered in the latest styles of
Ve10ur..... $14.00 Each
A large line of Three-piece
Parlor Suits •
........From $25.00 per suit
Immense selection of Book-
cases in Quarter-sawed Oak,
hand polished, which we
offer at... ....... 510. Each
Open Evenings Until Christmas.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET.
THE
Children's Hospital
liildren's Hospital
fNVITES the attention of the public to .
I the need of IMMEDIATE and SUB-
STANTIAL DONATIONS if the institu-
tion is to be kept open. The "Hospital
for Children and Training School for
Nurses" is in desperate circumstances.
During- the past year there has been no
public entertainment given for this
worthy charity, and because of the gen-
eral interest of the people in Red Cross
Phy charity, of soldiers of hospital
Interest of the people In Red Cross
c and needs of soldiers the hospital
has received but little private help.
DO NOT FORGET
THE SICK CHILDREN.
DONATIONS of groceries, linen, cloth-
ing, fuel, drugs, etc., WILL BE SENT
FOR at any time designated. Donations
received at
COULTER BROTHERS,
• 227 Butter Street.
Use f^sk
Facial Soap E^J? Facial Cream.
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman. Flat, Pag.
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on. In or under your skin, call on or write
JOHN . H. WOODRURT, 127 West 42d St.. N.
T.. 163 State St.. Chicago. .
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
the year ending on that day.- as made to th»
Insurance Commissioner of the . State or Call!
RiTpn^ £7 8U , an £ t( L the Provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
- - -- ■ .. ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned^by c0mpany.;......... 1649 362 50
Cash in company's office... ' •,( £:
Cash In bank 5......... ""' 117 618 »i
Interest due and accrued on "all "--
stocks and loans . . 3 510 68
Premiums In due course of collection 13.139 SO
Total assets $843,677 71
'.-. ' LIABILITIES. "' -C '"'•■ '■
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3 733 E4
Losses In process of adjustment or ■'-■-■
in suspense.... 27 007 09
Losses resisted. including expenses!. 303 95
Gross premiums on * fire risks run- - ' '
ning one year or less.: $305,750 28: -> •
reinsurance 60 per cent. " is* 875 14
Gross premiums on fire risks run- ' ' '
ning more than one year, $50,781 12; ■ - - ••
reinsurance pro rata SO 663 74
Due and accrued for salaries, • rent*, ."■>-. ' - •■•
etc :.. •.;......• ...... .: is us
All other demands against the com- ' ■•..•-•
pany — — •■•••• 10,027 86
Total 1iabi1itie5...................... $251,530 88
INCOME. V
Net cash actually received for lire ,'
premiums •••••......<....'..■ 134 ft ma k*
Received for interest and dividends'^ >w ™ M
on bonds, stocks, loans ' and from ''■"
i all other 50urce5................ 22 7M S3
Total Income $368 783 79
.., ■  EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- ' ?
eluding $15,702 54, losses of previous ■ - ■
years) ;.... . jjq «2j t_-
Paid or avowed for . commission or '
brokerage 82 397
Paid for salaries, fees and other :i ~ ' ;
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 2 625 00
Paid for State, national and local .'
taxes ' " 4,913 15
All ■ other payments : and expendi- :'.
tures '..».. - 14,006 28
Total expenditures $203,684 11
. . - . ' . Fire ■'
Losses incurred during the year ' $120,263 77
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- ■•.-■• ~T
ten during the year..;. $46,867,203 $456,581 15
Net amount of risks ex- *^ v .
pired during the year.. 81,500,088 318,371 19
Net amount in force De- ' . ' "
cember 31. 1897.......... 36.055.649 856.511 40
ELIJAH R. KENNEDY r ~
.... O' Weed & Kennedy,
Subscribed and sworn to before me^ufis^Sd
flay of February, 1898. a
. ;, : F. FISHBECK, : Notary Public =
SYZ CO.,
General Agents, -■ ";
301 California Street.
SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K N iT, AND WASHINGTON ST3^-RE
** modeled and renovated. KING WARD AARMY REORGANIZATION
AND WAR INVESTIGATION
GENERAL HOWARD
STRONGLY OPPOSES
THE BUREAUCRACY
Tells War Investigators Tfyat Com
manding Officers Should Y}ave
Absolute Control of Camps.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— Tr.» War
•day was
rs, the chief of
fngineers. General John A. Wilson, and
: Qby. Genera] Wilson has
transferred his War Depart -
i -I Denby | Belated as
■• I) in the hair.
Id how disappoint- !
securing an as
service during the
*ar an had done the next best
■■■ by accepting the
sate for the Al
i■; Commission and
and other things
- .• ■ nips.
He said these camps, as a rule, were
in good condition, but he noticed con
fusion in the railway arrangements at
I"ampa and a plague of flies on his sec
ond visit to Mobile. He went at some
length into the question of the odors at
Camp Thomas during- July, which, he
laid, were varied and repulsive. He had
luggested chioride of lime to General
Brooke, who received the suggestion fa
rorabiy and distributed thirty-nine bar
rels of iime in one day. The smells,
however, still existed. He said the
Army and Navy Christian Commission
furnished hymn books and ice water in
appreciable quantities at Camp Thom
is, both being thankfully received. The
Christian Commission had done an ex
cellent work, he said, and the soldiers
r.ad asked to have it continued, having
pent a contribution of J6OO from. Cuba
for that purpose.
Regarding General Lee's command at
Jacksonville. General Howard said he
had n^t believed before that it was pos
sible for troops to be kept in such fine
rondition.
General Howard said he strongly op
posed the bureaucracy, and he thought
SEEKS BATTLE
IN CIVIL LIFE
Bryan Resumes His
Talking Campaign.
MAKES A SPEECH AT LINCOLN
DECXABES GREAT PROBLEMS
CONFRONT THE COUNTRY.
Protests Against the Expansion Pol
icy, the Paper Money Trast
and the Gold
Standard.
Srecial Dispatch to The Call.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. Dec. 23.— Colonel W.
J. Bryan returned to Lincoln this after
■■ - • -:ght tendered a re
n a*, the Oliver Theater by the
in's Bimetallic League. The
crowded and Colonel Brvan
received an ovation. He was intro
i by Governor Holcomb, who for
mally welcomed him home and compii
r his patriotism for en
he army.
fter thanking h!s neighbors for
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" ' ' ,/ /r v Even *
—^ -,"/i if' I ''brave man
/gag^^.^jfcg^. M *i shudders at
y^X'>fK4f Xl/lA the thought
1 4k W&9lFwm i- nd fc rer - ded
fja ->^gy AJK. in the jaws
,dJ> \\ : •nf^/^\p^,Vcious tiger. In
V§ 9?i*'i W'<*2s*&§a! life, from that
,wIL - ' < *.4i^!#s*Jfj|?l. 4 i^!#5*Jfj| ? l of the laborer to
tlAi^* Y^Snn that of the pro "
/ w i*y J^-^hVlUS^vfs fessiocal man,
f/v /; '■'&£>&*s jt'l there are thou'-
iLdf t '"/E&J/PoM sands at the
cV \tki/ Z*2*=^!!*/\}Xv\ mercy of a tiger
'I- Jls^3?2s*7'J l 5^3?2s*7' V* IVi 1 / more relentless
ts&Z&^lWy than any found
in all India.
That tiger is the dread disease known as
consumption. it slays more men and wo-
men yearly than; there are rain drops in a
inmmer utowerj It steals upon its victim
Irith noiseless tread. to
There is a sure and certain protection
(gainst this deadly disease, and a sure and
sneedy cure for it. if it is resorted to in
time. It is D- Pierre's Golden Medical
Discovery. Th s wonderful medicine acts
directly an the^ lungs through the blood,
tearing down o*d, half-dead tissues build-
ing up cew ami healthy ones, driving out
all impurities sad disease germs and ex-
panding the lur?s and introducing life-giv-
ing oxvjren invo the circulation. It has
wonderful curative powers and allays all
inflammation ofj the mucous membranes of
the lungs and bronchial tubes. It makes
the appetite kern and hearty, the digestion
and assimilation perfect, the liver active,
the blood pure «id rich with the life-giving
elements of the food, and the nerves strong
and steady. It is the great blood-maker
and flesh-builder. It has the most marvel-
ous sustaining powers of any known med-
icine. Thousands who were upon the verge
of a premature grave have testified to their
recovery through its wonderful virtues.
Medicines dealers sell it, and have nothing
else "just as good." ,
When a dealer urges some substitute he's
thinking of the larger profit hell make-
not of your welfare. Tim „
Dr. Pierce s book, The Common Sense
Medical Adviser," is a treasure in any &m-
ily. It contains 100S pages a«d 300 illustra-
tions. A copy tree to every person who
will send to the World's Dispensary Med-
ical Association, Buffalo, N. V., 21 one -cent
stamps, to pay the cost of mailing only.
■Bar doth bindinz, seed 31 stamps.
a commanding general should be in ab
unp or
interested at
this, and asked if General Howard
thought the management of Camp
Thomas had been hampered by bu
reaucracy. It took about fifteen min
utes to get a direct answer to this, the
witness offering numerous illustr^'
and examples • thought
.■nituted bureaucracy. But on the third
repe- the question. General
Howard said he thought there might
have been something of the sort in con
nection with Camp Thomas.
As to th * the war, General
Howard said he thought it had been
thoroughly proven that troops could
rot be acclimated in Southern camps
- in the more malarious re
- West En
Howard said he had never
j approved the law which prevented the
| President from calling on retired army
: officers for service in time of war. His
experience confirmed this, and he
thought there were many experienced
retired officers who could have served
\ the Government better than some of
the young and inexperienced men who
j were appointed from civil life. He
i thought all officers not regulars should
i be examined as to their fitness before
i being admitted to service.
General Howard was also in favor of
a staff school for officers, and said all
staff appointees should be compelled to
j receive this training. General Howard
| said he had met the Seguranca on he*
j return from Santiago and returned
with her from Tampa to New York.
. The men were In a very rundown con
, dition and thought they had been bad
,ly treated and were generally "agin"
th ? Government. But after they had
I been fed and nursed a bit, they "felt a
| good deal more kindly toward the ad
j ministration. He thought their j first
! complaints were largely due to a di«
, torted mental perspective that could
largely be laid to their recent sickne**
The examination then adjourned un
■ til Tuesday next.
their cordial -welcome and compliment
ing the members of his regiment, he
justified his resignation as follows:
I had five months of peace in the amy,
and resigned In order to take part in 'a
ngnt. I am as much interested in the
people of the Vnited States as l an > the
people to Cuba, and, unless I am mistaken
in judging-, we are called upon to meet
more important problems in the United
fiiL tes , J^t now than will confront our
army in Cuba.
Some of these problems -were under dis
cussion before hostilities began; others
have been thrust upon us as a result "of
the war. Let me improve this, my first
opportunity, to assure you that my zeal
' or the reforms advocated a few months
ago has not in the least abated Vital
questions cannot be killed or buried and
we were dealing with vital question^
when the call to arms resounded through
the land.
The American people have not accepted
the gold standard as final. It has wrought
more injustice in our country during the
last twenty-five years than Spain has
wrought in all her colonies, and oDposi
t on to it will grow until the sold and
silver coinage of the constitution is fully
restored. The trusts which now flourish
in defiance of law are more merciless
than Weyler was, and the new trust— the
paper money trust which is seeking to
obtain control of all the paper money of
the nation— a greater menace to the
country's welfare than any foreign foe.
There are however, two new questions
that demand immediate attention, because
Congress is asked to act upon them at
once. The President recommends that
the regular army be permanently in
creased to 100,000 men. "This question
must be met now or not at all.
Taking up the subject of imperialism.
Bryan said that the President misin
terpreted the sentiment of the DeoDle
They are opposed to giving the
Philippine Islands i -k to Spain, but
they have not as ye- 'blared in favor
of embarking upon a colonial Dollcy.
So great a change, he said, could not
be undertaken without more investiga
tion and deliberation than the Deode
had yet give nto the subject. The prin
cipal part of Bryan's speech was
devoted to the Philippine question.
In this connection he referred to Presi
dent McKinley's inquiry. "Who will
haul down the flag?" and replied:
The flag is a national emblem, and is
obedient to the national will. It is made
for the people, not the people for the
flag. A hen the American people want
the flag raised they raise it; when
they want It hauled down they haul
it down. The flag was raised upon Ca
nadian soil- during the war of 1812 and it
was hauled down when peace was re
stored. The flag was planted upon Che
pultepec during the war with Mexico and
it was hauled down when the war was
over. The morning- papers announce that
General Lee ordered the flag hauled down
in Cuba yesterday because it was raised
too soon. The flag will be raised in Cuba
again on the Ist of January, but the
President declares in his message that it
will be hauled down as soon as a stable
government is established. Who will de
ny to the people the right to haul the
flag down in the Philippines if they so
? e^f e he ? a stable government is es
tablished there?
Our flag stands for an indissoluble
union of indestructibio States
State Is represented by a star, and
Territory sees in the constitution a
or hope that will some day take its place
in the constellation. What Is there in
the nag to awaken the zeal or raise the
aspirations of vassal colonies, which are
too good to cast away. t>ut not good
enough to be admitted to the sisterhood
of States?
Shall we keep the Philippines and
amend our flag? Shall we add a new <*tar
—the blood star. Mars— to indicate that
we have entered upon a career of con
quest? Or shall we borrow the veltow
which in 1896 was the bad*»» of goM and
gr.^.l. and paint Saturn and his rings to
suggest a carpetbag government, with its
■cbestea of spoliation Or shall we adorn
our flaers with a milky way composed of
a multitude of minor stars representing
remote and insignificant dependencies?
No, a thousand times better to haul
down the stars and stripes and substi
tute the flag of an independent republic
than to surrender the doctrines that give
glory to "Old Glory.' It was the flag of
our fathers in the years that are gone;
it is the flag dt a reunited coumtrj I -
day. Let it be the flag of our nation In
the years that are to come. Its stripes
of red tell of the blodod that was shed to
purchase liberty; its stripes of white
proclaim the pure and heaven born pur
f a government which derives its
Just powers from the consent of the gov
erned. The mission of that flag- is to
float, not over a conglomeration of com
monwealths, but over '"the land of the
fr»e and the home nt the brave," and to
that mission it must remain "forever
true — forever true."
Colonel Bryan's speech was the only
one of length at the reception.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 189 S.
DECIDES A VAST
ARMY MAY MENACE
PUBLIC LIBERTIES
Minority of the H ouse Military
Committee Opposes tfje Plar)
for 100,000 Regulars.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The minor
ity of the Committee on Military Af
fairs filed with the clerk of the House
their report on the Hull bill to Increase
the army to 100,000 men. It is as fol
lows:
The minority of the committee dissent
from the majroity of the committee be
cause the bill reported makes a perma
nent standing- army for the United States
of over 100.000. Such an army is not nec
essary to be maintained in this country
now, neither because of our relations to
the islands of the sea, nor because of any
necessity which in the past year has aris
en in this country itself. The evils of
standing armies are too well known to
be dilated upon here. Such a standing
army as the one proposed would in time
of peace be a menace to the liberty of
citizens and in the time of war would not
be sufficient to meet successfully the ar
mies of the first-class powers of the
world. Happily, we are so situated that a
large standing army Ms not a necessity
and would only be a luxury to be sup
ported by the taxes of the people. It '1.
estimated that the Hull bill will cost the
people annually the sum of $150,000,000.
This would be a permanent charge upon
the people; $14; ,000 .000 are being paid an
nually to the soldiers of the Civil War
and the war with Spain, thus placing a
permanent charge of $295,000,000 upon the
people of the United States, and this to
maintain the military establishments
alone, to say nothing of the navy. The
passage of this bill means the practical
destruction of the National Guard and
the volunteer troops of the States. With
such a large standing army the citizen
soldiery of the country would feel that it
was not necessary to prepare for war in
time of peace, nor go to war in time of
war. The taxes which are now so bur
densome to the people will continue to
be collected, and will rather be increased
than otherwise. No hope of economical
administration can be indulged in. while
such permanent and lavish expenditure
is provided for.
It is well understood that the great cor
porate interests of the country are de
manding this large standing army, and
their reasons for such a demand are too
obvious to be pointed out. These inter
ests want force to enforce their demands,
and a President dominated by such inter
ests would have, with such a standing
army, the means at his hand to invade
the liberties of the people, to suppress
freedom of speech and to desecrate the
ballot box itself. It is needless, however,
to continue to point out the many evils
of this bill: suffice it to say that both In
form and in substance it overturns the
policy which has been pursued so success
fully by this Government for so many
years and launches the country upon *
course which can only terminate in the
destruction of the liberties of the people.
LUMBER SHEDS AND
DRY KILN BURNED
Conflagration Rages on the Al
bion Company's Grounds
at Mendocino.
MENDOCTNO. Dec. 23.— Three dry kilns, several sheds, thousands
of feet of lumber and huge piles of shingles belonging to the Albion
Lumber Company went up In smoke early this morning. The fire
was discovered in one of the lumber sheds adjoining the dry kilns by
the watchman. The entire population turned out at the sounding of
the alarm and every effort was at once directed toward saving the
surrounding property. This was no easy task, as the three kilns con
tained upward of 200,000 feet of dry lumber and the kilns were located
but a few yards from the mill. There were, besides, huge sheds full
of lumber as dry as tinder. Bhiploads of shingles and long- piles of
railroad ties.
The water supply was first' class and four large streams were
kept playing upon the mill's smoking walls. The county bridge
across Albion River caught fire, and for a time It was thought the
whole structure would be destroyed. The approach on this side was
burned away, but the main part of the bridge was saved. The large
pile of ties upon the bulkhead near the kilns was partially destroyed.
Thousands of ties were saved by being thrown into the river.
The loss probably will reach 525,000 or $30,000. perhaps more. The
three dry kilns were valued at $4000. At least 200,000 feet of the very
best lumber was burned, as were several thousand shingles and rail
road ties. The amount of insurance carried upon the destroyed
property is unknown.
COLLUM RETURNED TO
WOODLAND FOR TRIAL
Man Once Convicted of an Attempt to
Commit Arson May Gain
His Freedom.
WOODLAND, Dec. 23.— Deputy Sheriff
Griffin arrival from Folsom this morning
with Phil Oollum. who has been serving I
a term in the State Prison for attempt- j
Ing to burn the Woodland Woolen Ktlis,
and who was recently granted a new tr»al
by the Supreme Court. The prisoner was 1
taken Immediately before Judge Hart in j
3 .perior Court. W. A. Anderson. As- 1
-. District Attorney, represented the ;
-. and asked that the case be set
for trial. Attorney Clark, on behalf of :
the defendant, asked for a dismissal on
the grounds that the District Attorney
should not ask that the case be retried,
as there was no possible chance of ob- ;
talning a conviction. After a reading of i
the testimony and the applying of the de- 1
of the higher court in regard to Uh
law. Judge Hart said that while he had
the power to dismiss the case he would
Dot do so If the prosecuting officer of
fered any objection. Mr. Anderson ob
jected.
Mr. Clark then said he desired to re
serve the right to present a motion for
the dismissal of the defendant upon the :
grounds that he had been once charged '<
with arson and a jury found him not
guilty of that crime, but brought in a ver
dict of guilty of attempt to commit
arson. Mr. Clark maintained that :
Collum again upon the charge of arooa
would be to put him in jeopardy twice for
the same ofTense. The court Informed the !
attorney for the defendant that he would
grant him the privilege of being n€ard
upon that point, and the case was then j
continued for one week, to be set for trial. ;
a.* the attorneys cannot agree upon a date '
at the present time.
.im appears ro be in the best of !
spirits, and his long confinement does not
seem to have impaired his robust health.
He will remain in the County Jail until
his case Is disposed of.
Head the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
CalL
The minority, holding the views above
expressed, have thought they owed it to
the country to present to the House of
Representatives a substitute for the bill
reported by the majority. They here
with report said substitute as embodying
every need of the Government in its pres
ent condition, and at the same time pre
serving- with scrupulous care the liberty
of the citizen and avoiding the evils of a
great standing army.
The substitute provides for a perma
nent standing- army of 30,000 enlisted
men, about the number in the army
before the war with Spain. The reor
ganization provided for in the substi
tute conforms to what it has been with
some few important changes. A largei
number of men is provided for artillery
than usual by reason of the necessity
of manning our coast defenses, upon
which large sums have been spent. The
substitute also provides for 50,000 vol
unteers to be taken from the States
and Territories and the District of
Columbia, in proportion to population;
these volunteers are to be mustered out
of the service of the United States
within two years from the date of -.he
assage of* the act, unless sooner termi
nated. Their organization is to be the
same as that of the regular army.
Volunteer organizations now in serv
ice are to be given preference as to
re-enlistment. All volunteers now in
the service of the United States are to
be mustered out within sixty days from
the passage of this act. The substitute
is not to operate to discharge any com
missioned officer who was in the army
of the United States prior to the war
with Spain. The necessity for this body
of volunteer troops arises from the re
lations which the United States Gov
ernment now bears to Porto Rico, Cuba.
the Philippine Islands, the Hawaiian
Islands and the Ladrone Islands. Fifty
thousand men are very near the mark
which the general of the army said
would be necessary in these islands in
his testimony before the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Representative Hay of Virginia, who
prepared the minority report, estimates
that the regular army establishment
provided for in the minority substitute
would entail an annual expenditure of
$30,000,000, or about $1000 per man, and
that the volunteer force of 50,000 men
by the same calculation would cost
550,000,000. or a total during the exist
ence of the volunteer army of 189,006,
000. The War Department is preparing
official estimates which will be ready in
a few days.
WORK ON THE WHARF
SOON TO COMMENCE
Men and Machinery Beady for the
Construction of the Railway
Structura at Monterev.
MONTEREY, Dec. 2^,-The foreman. R.
S. Darragh, and mrenl of the skilled me
canics of the t.'al'f.rnia Construction
Company's force, have arrived and es
tablished themselves in the headquarters
engaged for them. They are making ev
ery preparation to begin the actual work
of pile driving for the Monterey and
Fresno Railroad Company's wharf on
January 2. A large number of treated
piles are en route from San Francisco
and those already on the ground will have
their teredo-proof process of treatment
completed by the time the workmen are
ready to place them in posffion.
For the past three days' Foreman Dar
ragh has been overseeing the building of
f=he<is for the machinery and horses and
the fitting up of the men's quarters with
sleeping and boarding accommodations
Y-sterday he set men at work upon the
preparation of the piles. The smaller
donkey-engine and a carload of macmn
ery have already been put into position,
and two pile-drivers arrived to-day.
For<=mar» Darragh intends rushing all
preliminary work to the utmost, in order
to start upon the actual construction of
the wharf on January 2.
TRICKEEY OF A GEBMAN.
Consul in Samoa Lands Arms and
Munitions of War.
LONDON. Dec. 24.— The Washington
Government, according to a dispatch
from Auckland, has instructed the United
States Consul at Samoa to act with great
vigilance and not to intrust his duties to
his British and German colleagues.
U appears the German agent has taken
advantage of his colleagues' confidence to
land guns and munitions of war with
out their knowledge, and also to obtain
Important advantages for German firms.
Story of the King of Counterfeit
ers in next Sunday's Call.
FILIPINOS BEG
FOR "FREEDOM"
Letters Sent to Senator
Hale.
AGONCILLO MAKES A PLEA
SELF-GOVEBNMENT ASKED FOE/
THE PHILIPPINES.
It Is Asserted That Aguinaldo Has
Established **a Regular and
Orderly Civil and Military
Administration."
S?*-Aal Disaatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23. — Senator
Hale yesterday received two letters
from Filipinos in London touching
upon the proposed action of the
Philippine Islands. The first letter
is from Agoncillo, the Filipino repre
sentative who came to Washington in
behalf of Aguinaldo's interests and
later went to Paris with the hope of in
fluencing the Peace Commission. The
letter follows:
LONDON. December 10. IS9B.
To the Hon. Eugene Hale— Sir: The
opening of the present session of *ktm
American Senate will put jroa in a posi
tion to influence the just and good un
derstanding between the American and
the F»..pino nations, and 1 beg you to
help me in my efforts to this end. The
free citizens of the United States and
Senators of America cannot follow the
steps of the monarchical countries, whose j
institutions are based on force and op- i
pression, the only form adequate to a |
colony or possession: but they are ex
pected to contribute to the realization in
history of the great principle of submit
ting the government of every country- to
the wish of the inhabitants thereof, un
der the form adopted by your republic.
Freedom, suffrage and independent self
government are the only basis of an or
ganized state in the present times.
Like America, the Philippines will
grow prosperous and happy if. instead of
sowing oppression and militarism and
their inevitable consequences, war and
disorder, the Senate of the United States,
complying with the expectation of my
countrymen and the formal prom
mail-? before the war by all the repre
sentatives 'i the Far East of the Amer
ican admin 'ration, wiil recognize the
independent- of the Philippines and pro
rlnim the cv. .-lasting friendship and al
liance of our two countries. Joined by
their common sentiments, created in the
field of honor, combatting as comrades
for justice and humanity.
Do. I pray, help the Filipinos to obtain
their noble aspirations. I intend r
turn to America at the f : -- • ;nity
and will not fail to personally
the assurances of my respect and high
- leration. I am. sir. yo-ur most
obedient servant.
FELIPE AGOXCILLO.
The second of these letters reads as
follows:
LONDON. Dec. 13. IS9B.
Senator Eugene Hale, Washington. D.
j C. — Sir: We have addressed to George F.
Hoar, United States Senator of the State
: of Massachusetts, the following cable:
"Filipinos everywhere congratulate and
I thank you. Hale and Test for noble efforts
against military rule, colonial expansion.
We want American alliance, citizenship,
■ not subjugation; pray you oppose military
occupation.
"PHILIPPINE COMMITTEE.
"London."
We beg to confirm the foregoing request
■ and pray you to complete your noble
, task by opposing military occupation' of
! the islands by the American army. Gen
' eral Aguinaldo has established in the
; Philippines a regular and orderly civil and
; military administration and everybody
■ there approves of and obeys his com
. mands and those of his authorities: Life,
; property and the legitimate rights of all
are respected. Order prevails everywhere
under his government.
The American officers, military and
naval, in Manila and Cavite maintain a
regular connection, such as is required
by the comity of nations, with the recog
nized authorities. Why disturb these
peaceful conditions by the enforcement
of an American military occupation? We
are, sir, your most obedient servants.
F. MADRIGAL. Chairman.
BRYAN DID SEE
ANDREW CARNEGIE
LINCOLN", Neb., Dec. 23.— Colonel W.
J. Bryan was asked to-day about the
interview appearing- under a St. Louis
date in regard to his seeing- Andrew
Carnegie at New Yc-rk. He said: "I
told the reporter that I did not go to
New York on purpose to see Mr. Car
negie, but that I went on other busi
ness. He quotes me as saying- that I
did not see Mr. Carnegie. That is an
error: I did see him for a few mo
ments."
Fire in the Chinese Quarter.
UOB ANGELES. Dec. 23.— Fire in China
town this afternoon resulted in a loss ag
gregating nearly $10,000. It destroyed
twelve frame shacks and one frame dwell
ing. The latter was the property of Mrs.
Sing, an Americanized Chinawoman, who
had a neat home, furnished after the
American fashion. All the houses burned
were located at the head of Juan street,
in the eastern edge of Chinatown and
north of Apablasa street. It Is a section
given up to Chinese vegetable peddlers
and merchandise shops. The greater por
tion of the loss is in destroyed 1 merchan
dise and vegetables. The houaes were of
little vmhie.
Countess Thun Hohenstein Dead.
HENNA. Dec. 23.— Countess Thun Ho
henstein, wife of the Austrian Premier,
Is dead.
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦+♦. + +
I CAN YOU SLEEP? j
: IjAJM .tUU bLJbi^F r *
*V* . . . • - '^"^ -«■■ 4fIMHH _ V • a
♦ — — — " 4
t Are Your Nerves Strong? Do You Feel Refreshed When *
♦ You Get Up in the Morning? ♦
*" _ rf^^v afr If you do not you are losing your •'«♦»
*♦" /^^^KSijs nerve strength and will become a *
j -f- r-/sJCi£^*y*si&, nervous wreck. You must sleep if you *
I ' +'-'^'-'W&£&-is2s&&- would keep your strength. You can "♦"
"'f/^/ ' '^^V. ' get help from +
I fc' W^ Electric Belt. X
■*" '^-'^iS&^r' i^ralira'' It fills the nerve s with a glow of "*■
1 "♦" /•■"^- r> ' "^^Sr :!r warm life and soothes the most nerv- +
' "♦" ■ *'*£? " \ ' ous patient to sleep in fifteen minutes. 4-
■♦■ ISJ*£;'1 SJ*£;' : jy tS^v* "Since using: your Belt my nerves are as +
V ; '&;"<■'}? »ci^ " strong as ever again, my bowels regular and .a.
! ~ /7.IV : .VC> \%\s"i m J" heart -has quit troubling me. When I ~
■¥#!GZrm - V wake up in the morning I feel bright as a >
r^A ir^- - A. lark and full of life.. Your Belt 19 certainly
"*" : £*'&S / 7/ *> ' V * grand remedy," writes ZACK TAYLOR +
~J . \' ■ Ml Center street, Oakland, Cal. ~ +
\ ■♦■ Call or send for Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men," or the +
+ : book for women— both free. Consultation is free and worth your time.
. Call or address * . . .-.. J . +
'* DR. A. X. SANDEN, * - -.-"•■' --.' -V :..' ..V * ♦
♦ 702 *»rk.t Street C.mer Ka»riy. 8»a Trueisw. |(0T IN DRUS STORES. "*"
"*" Office hours. a. m. to Sp. m. , Sundays. 10 • — — '- "*"
> to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 232 West J>. Sanden - Electric Belt >
. ' Second street; .Portland, - Or.. 253 Washington to : never sold in drue - stores ( , -
"♦" street: Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; .-■-_ nor :by traveling agents ; only -. ♦
4. Dallaa,' Tex.. 255 * Main street; Butte. Mont.. - - I at our office. -
110 North Main street. { ♦ : ; — 4. ■■:'
LA GRIPPE NOW
VERY PREVALENT
Mr and Mrs. Loud
Among Its Victims.
MANY SICK AT WASHINGTON
ASPHALT PAVEMENTS SAID TO
HAVE CAUSED THE DISEASE.
Physicians, However. Differ, but the
Fact Bemains That the Num
ber Afflicted Increases
Throughout the East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Rigrsrs House. ;
Washing-ton, Dec. 23.
Mr. and Mrs. Loud are very sick.
Both were attacked with grip. Mrs.
Loud's condition is serious. A trained
nurse is in constant attendance. The
attending physician «ays there is no
cause for alarm, and that all they re- j
quire is careful nursing.
The grip is very prevalent in Wash- '
Ington at present. School attendance :
is reduced 33 per cent. As a rule, how- ;
ever, the attacks are mild.
New York reports that the malady \
there thrives in the best 'sections of the :
city, but the poorer sections are nracti- i
cally immune. This agrees with the'
theory of some Washington physicians
that the grip is of recent orisrin and ;
was not prevalent before the laying of
asphalt pavements. The theory is that !
in summer asphalt pavement pores ex- !
pand and receive filth, and that in j
winter the pores contract and exoel
the poisonous matter, which is carried
about by the air. It is pointed out
that a large percentage of policemen,
street sweepers, motormen and drivers
are affected with the grip. But doctors
who disagree with the asphalt pave
ment theory say those men are natur
ally affected most who live most in the
open air. A dense fog has hung ore?
Washington for the past Tveek. and the
doctors attribute the epidemic to this
fact, for this weather ajso prevails in
Xew York and in Philadelphia, where
the grip is prevalent.
WEDDING AT STANFORD.
Allan Peck and Miss Anna Dixon
Join Their Fortunes.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 22.—
An interesting romance of under gradu
ate life at Stanford terminated to-day in
the marriage of Anna Dlckson. '%. and
Allan Peek, '38. The ceremony took place
at th.c Si;rma Xi: fraternity house at noon.
Professor ■ Show officiating. After the
I ng a dainty weddinsr breakfast was
" !r. Bud Mr?. Peek !• fi
Del Monte, where they will spend
weeks. As soon as the Cooper Medical
School reopens Mr. and Mrs. Peck will
matriculate and continue their studies in
medicine.
The home of the groom is in San Diepo.
and the bride comes from Napa. ■
she has held a number of prominent po
sitions in the public schools.
Repairing the Massachutf^ts.
NEW YORK, Dec. "3.— Navy yard en- !
srine^rs went under the batt!e-sh:p Mas- ;
sachusetts in the drydock to-day and
measured her damaged plates. "U'orkrnen
wf»re there also, rutting- out rivets. Re
pair work will proceed night and day Best
■reek. It is estimated that it will cost
about $40,000 to put the ship tn order and :
that the work will take six weeks. The
Board of Inquiry, of which Comma
Pickering is president, finished its work
to-day and forwarded the report to the
Secretary of the Navy.
Transport Mobile a Success.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— Major Hop
kins, military aid to Secretary Alger, re
turned from "Washington to-day from
Cuba. He was sent by the Secretary from
Savannah to Havana on tWT* transport
Mobile, which made her first trip since
being refitted, with a vjew to reporting
personally to the Secretary upon the
adequacy of tnis type of transport for
army service. Major Hopkins b^
the Mobile Is worthy to form the nucleus
of a first-class army transport. It is not
definitely decided that the Mobile will be
sent to Manila, as was originally pro
posed, for there is a demand just now for
her service in supplying the remaining
troops needed to garrison Cuba.
Cole Mystery Not Cleared.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 23.— The Coroner's In
quest over the remains of Mrs. A. B. Cole,
whose charred body was found In her
burned home last Saturday morning, was
finished to-day, and the jury returned a
verdict that it was unable to determine
whether Mrs. Cole perished in the flames
or was murdered and her body placed in
the burned building. Witnesses testified
to frequent quarrels between Mr. and Mrs.
Cole. Cole Is still in custody on the arson
charge.
Long Want 3to Consult McKinley.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The publica
tion of the denial that Secretary Long
will tender his resignation soon was not
authorized by him, neither was the re
port that he will retire; but at the proper
time Mr. Long will publish his intention.'?.
He wants first to consult the President.
Read the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in. next Sunday T s
CalL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
r j
CITI lIVI WC Oa r«a?ti Street,
M'LLi V 5, 50 steps from Mwkst
SPECIAL
TO-DAY ONLY!
 j \
.^BVkk. HwTaaafal
Special to-day (Saturday) A ■
Ladies' Finest Vici Kid Shoe,
lace and button, in /j»| A A
ai! shapes. Price to- \| ill
day IP-U7V
We place these shoes on sale to- :
day for two reasons — it's a beau-
tiful Xmas gift, it's a "money
saver," and another proof that
"Sullivan's are money savers in shoes."
Dolls for the Children.
Country orders filled. Send for cata-
logue.
SULLIVAN'S,
Money-Savers in Shoes.
IS FOURTH STREET. \
100 Fe^t From Market St. (
Life's Vanished Joys
are the continual source •■>* misery to those '"bo
suffer from nerve:- debility, and prostration
They ne»er cease mentally comparing them-
selves with the rosy-sheeted women or stalwart
men that come in their way.
GLOOM. FORGKTfTXNESS AND
DESPAIR sometimes dri»e them to insanity,
or else into the grip of some chronic ailment
like consumption. Vitality being crashed ia
them they merely endure life. THEY DO
NOT REALLY LIVE!
THE FAMOUS
PERFEGTO TABLETS
Repair the chatterer! and enfeebled nerve system.
They purify the blood, make bri?ht and hap-
py eyes, bring sleep and appetite, Impart rigor
and potency to every function, stopeTil dreams,
wasting diseases and all effects of excesses and
indiscretions; restore failing memory, in » word,
they re-rltalize yonntr and old of either s<>x,
MAKE PERFECT MEN AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents 6 Boxes at »1. .>0. a
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure or
Vital Enerjcy- * Money Kef ended.
Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECTO CO. Caxton Building. Chicago, II?.
, Sold by Owl Drug Co.. S. T. and Oakland.
V » Af^^NO KNIFE or PAIN
f^*^^% n^[ No ay l T nt '* Cured
&^ NSB^BBaaBBa! BffW^ Any lump in awo
"aan's breast is can -
■""■ r * i "^ •"■ cer. The poison
: faH^^BK^R^ quickly goes to arm*
_, ■' pit. It" large it is too
jG> > "^t^^f^^ f Jptii late. Men's face and
aTafV^ M 1 I lip a common .place.
jj L \Jf »^ £ \ £o-Page Book sent
'%fii«in«^^ *£slr ■** free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scares. No Fs.iro.
S. R. CHAMIEY, M. f)., 23 & 25 TOM St , n MmctSt.
SEND TO OWE WITH CANCER
/Jvf^X LADIES co Tjo.nof
£• ?^T DR. FELIX LE BRUKS
W" Stfiel | Pennyroyal Treatment
■J- iis the original and only FRENCH.
■'£ L aafe and reliable care on the mar-
y ""^rket. Price. $1.00; sent by mail.
k- 1 Genuine Bold only by
GEO. DAHLBEJS'DER * CO.. Sol* Agents.
214 Kearny at., San Francisco.
Q v it OR. JORDAN'S G«.t
flglll Museum of Anatomy
, I MASZIT ST. ::-.. Stfc 4 7ta, : . *.
M '-- «Tw Tie I.»rg«iteriMkln<iin tie ' World.
lraH\ DR " JORDAN ~ Priva{e Diseases.
kU^*H £^. Coßtoltaaon frt«. Wrtre Sor B*«k
i\ I & Philosophy of Marriagt.
* M MAILED FHtt.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' OF THE
Scottisli Union aail National
INSURANCE COMPANY .
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND, ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. IS3T. and for
the year endins en that day, as made to tha
! Insurance Commissioner of tlie State of Cali-
I fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
j 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed a a
; per blank furnished by th* Commissioner.
ASSETS.
• Real estate owned by company $101.587 94
Lagans on bonds and mortgages 1,432,650 39
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company L 730 .375 81
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 2.500 "■<)
Cash in company's office. T.MS S-t
Cash in banks : 4*4.563 57
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and Irans 13,7-40 63
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages ..; 23.133 SS
; Premiums In due course of collection 271.237 92
Total assets $4.06«.457 43
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3S,SS4 23
Lnsses in process of adjustment or
Jn suspense 229.332 48
LOases resisted, including expenses. . 17,641 67
Gross Dremiums on fire risks run-
ning 1 one year or less. $1,301,671 S6;
reinsurance 58 per cent 900.533 33
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
nine more than one year, $1,733,-
420 OS: reinsurance pro rata -. 933,233 21
Commissions and brokerage due and
to become due..' 33,435 63
Total liabilities n,145,363 23
| . - INCOME.
I Kat cash actually received for fir» :
-premiums &354,504 S3
F »celved for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 714 81
; Jteceived for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from,
; fall other sources 57, 453 S*
I Frscelved for rents ' 5,053 00
■• Total Income C.493,31« 54
5 EXPENDITURES. -
Met amount paid for fire losses (in-
;cludlng J23L545 03, losses of pre- -
vious years) 241. 388 83
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage U.. 511.087 *»
Paid for salaries, fees and othev
: charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 107.138 »
Paid for State, : national and local
taxes '... ".»» 57,733 31
All other j payments and expendi- \
' tures - 131,042 ■
Total expenditures C.045.510 27
Fire.
> Losses incurred during the year '.SI. 197, 946 95
' Risks and Premiums. -IFire Risks. 'Premium*.!
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year....[ J336,335.91.« 13,201.337 45
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 232,151,25" 2.533.550 C
Net amount In force De- i
cember3l. 1337 40€.051).nii 3.557.091 94
MARTIN BENNETT,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this Hat
day of January, IS3S.
CLARKSON N. FOWLER. Notary Public ;
R. C. MEDCRAFT,
GENERAL AGENT,
319 CALIFORNIA STREET, "
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
34
IN AID OF THE
NICARAGUA CANAL
Amendment of the Clay
ton-Bui wer Treaty.
EARLY ACTION NOW SOUGHT
RECIPROCITY MAY FIGURE IN
AGREEMENT.
By Giving Up Rights to the Water
way England Likely to Secure
Concessions for
Canada.
! Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 23.— The State
rtment originally did not coiatem
plate a forma] op ning of negotiations to
ppoure the desired amendment o£ the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty until Congress
)';ti! mad< some progress at lea:3t to
ward the • nactment of the Nicaraguan
: bill, the department wishing not
t" be placed in the fair position of ne
potiating for an object which Congress
might, before th>' conclusion, deem to
b( undesirable. After the experience
had with the general arbitration treaty
tnere is a particularly strong disinclina
tion to be again placed in this attitude.
However, now that the matter has
brought Into such prominence the
ns may be opened at an
earlier date than was ori.srfnally con
templated, though it may be taken for
granted that their initiation will be an
evidence of the President's conviction
that Congress will pass some acceptable
canal bill befc-iv adjourning.
Although the gain to English com
raerce that may be fairly expected to
result from the construction of the
canal by the American Government
will make the waterway as important
to Great Britain as it is to the United
States there is still evidence going to
?hn\v that the British Government may
seize upon thr> opportunity to ask for
a quid pro quo. It is hard to perceive
just now what shape this will take, but
it is suggesu-d with considerable plaus
ibility that this may afford the key to
the solution of the reciprocity problem,
which has so greatly embarrassed the
Canadian Joint High Commission. In
ether words, in consideration of the re
linquishment of her rights in the Nica
ragua canal England may ask for
Canada a much more liberal reciprocity
uld X' arranged under
existing circumstances.
PRELIMINARY REPORT
HAS BEEN COMPLETED
Tigures of the Walker Commission
on the Enormous Amount of
Work Required.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— The t>re
liminary report of the Nicaragua Canal
Commission, consisting .of General
Haynes, Admiral Walker and Professor
Haupt, has been completed and will be
read before the Senate committee
either during the Christmas recess of
Congress or immediately afterward.
This report will give many details of
•ruction in regard to the proposed
route and also a close figure on the en
tire cost of the undertaking as far as
human ingenuity can foresee.
A summary of these costs has been
made out in sections, and, without go
ing into the details of curves and
]» j v»-ls, thf-y are as follows: The eastern
harbor and jetties will require about
,000 cubic yards of soft excavation.
The jetties themselves require about
400,000 cubic yards of riprap stone.
The Greytown section of the canal,
which is the section beginning at the
harbor and reaching to the east divide.
will require 16,000,000 cubic yards of
earth and clay excavations. The three
locks in this section will cost in the
neighborhood of ten million dollars
complete, with three millions for ex
cavation. This section is about thir
teen and a half miles in length and
runs through the jungle country near
the coast. There will be 700 acres of
ing and grubbing also in this sec
tion. The incidental expenses will
amoflnt to little besides those above
» numerated; therefore they are
omitted.
The divide section reaches from here
through the higher range of hills to
twenty-four miles furtner. There are
seven and a hall' million cubic yards of
rock in this cut and about five million
yards of earth and clay. The depth of
this cut will be mitigated by the height
of the canal, which is here 112 feet
above the sea. The actual cutting will
>out 200 feet in the deepest cart.
From here begins the Ochoa section
which runs through the San Francisco
basin and Florida lagoon. This is low
country, and the cutting, which will
b to the Ochoa dam. thirty-four
ani a half miles from the Caribbean
will only add 10.000,000 yards to the
figures, making a trifle over 40.000.000
cubic yards to the dam.
From here a summary of the cut
through the San Juan River will ag
gregate 34,000,000 cubic yards with
about 000,000 more for curve widening
and 2000 acres clearing and grubbing'
This will not include any of the dams
or embankments, but simply the chan
nel cutting the bed of the San Juan
River. This makes 75,000,000 cubic
yards of all grades of cutting to Lake
Nicaragua. The cost of the Ochoa
dam, upon which rests the entire feasi
bility of the route, has not been ac
curately computed, as the undertaking
is of go colossal a nature as to be be
yond figuring within a unit or even
more. The dam will be over 1500 feet
in length, its foundation 75 feet below
the bed of salt in the river bottom and
its rise over 130 feet. As the river will
have to be turned from its course dur
ing its construct! — . '-. —>■ "— , ,—,-
many details will have to be taken into
consideration for an estimate of its
cost . . ..v:..v; .-.V.V,:.." v
The San Carlos embankment will cost
several million dollars and the esti
mates are being made. The cuts in the
shallow part of the lake will aggregate
10.000, ftfio ynrds, making a total of ss.
Pears'
%
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
Fresno County Supervisors Wrjo Are Accused of Malfeasance by a
Grand Jury.
000,000 to the western division of the
canal.
The estimates of the western division
have not been maae yet.
PROPOSE TO BUILD
A BROADER CANAL
Nicaraguan Commission's Estimates
Differ From Those of
Menocal.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Ex-Senator
Warner Miller said to-day that the quan
tities and estimates mentioned in the re
port of the Niearaguan Canal Commis
sion indicated that the commission pro
posed to build a broader canal than the
one provided for in the estimates of En
gineer Menocal's report to the old Nica
ragua Canal Company. The estimates of
Menocal were for the total excavation of
70.049,377 cubic yards of rock and earth,
and the old board of consulting: engi
neers estimated the aggregate cost at
$85,799,000. The eommisison. of which Ad
miral Walker is chairman, proposes to
make the channel in San Juan River
much wider than was proposed in the
Menocal report.
NICARAGUA CANAL
PROMOTERS ENCOURAGED
Fresh Hope Given by the Assurances
From the President and Advices
From England.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 23.— Nicaragua
canal promoters are greatly encouraged
to-day for two reasons; first, because of
the assurance received that the President
intends to push the canal project as one
of the administration measures, and sec
ond, because of London advices that Eng
land will consent to a modification of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty witn tne result
that the canal will be under American
control.
FITTING CLOSE OF THE
CAREER OF GHANI BEY
The Cutthroat Aid of Turkey's Sul-
tan Killed by Hafuz Pasha
During a Quarrel.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. 23. — Ghani
Bey the Sultan's aid de camp, was
murdered yesterday by Hafuz Pasha !n
a quarrel which took place in a pastry
cook's. Ghani Bey became notorious ow
ing to his lawless proceedings in Epirus.
He also inspired terror here by extort
ing money under threats of death. The
officials of the foreign embassy have fre
quently demanded the punishment of
Ghani Bey, but always unsuccessfully.
Hafuz Pasha escaped and is still at
large. The official press bureau prohibits
any mention of the matter in the news
papers. It appears, however, that Hafuz
Pasha after a slight altercation, placed
the muzzle of his revolver close to the
the head of Ghani Bey and tired. Ghani
Bey died after a few hours of suffering.
Ghani won the Sultan's favor and pro
motion by committing numerous crimes
He was sent to restore order in Epirus
after the Greco-Turkish war. At the
head of 300 lawless companions he robbed,
pillaged and murdered by the wholesale
until he was summoned home, only to be
promoted to a colonelcy. Then he con
tinued his iniquities here. He would enter
a shop, draw a revolver and compel its
owner to open his safe and give up its
contents.
MISSING SCHOONER
RETURNS TO PORT
Blown a Thousand Miles Out of Its
Course by an Atlantic
Gale.
1 PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 23.— The missing
i four-masted Philadelphia schooner Matil
da D. Borda, Captain Norton, which sailed
from Portsmouth, N. H., November 25 for
this port, the day before the terrific gale
which caused such sacriflece of life and
1 property along the coast, and which was
blown over 1000 miles out of her course,
arrived here to-night in tow of the tug
Asa Hughes. The home-coming of the
crew of this vessel, which had for some
time been given up as lost, was one that
will be long remembered by their rela
tive, who have passed through weeks of
great anxiety.
The experience of Captain Norton and
his men was a thrilling one as the vessel
scudded off shore before the terrific gale,
with seas leaping high over her. She was
provisioned for only a short run, and for
days the men have been subsisting on re
! duced rations. The British steamship
Trinidad supplied them with some food, i
', otherwise it is not unlikely they would
have perished from hunger. Captain Nor
. ton upon learning of the fearful havoc j
wrought by the storm said that their safe I
arrival was due to the interposition of
: providence.
REPUDIATES AN INTERVIEW.
Marion de Vries Did Not Speak in
Favor of Expansion.
STOCKTON, Deo. 23.— Congressman
Marion de Vries, in a letter to the Mail
from Washington, denies an alleged inter
view credited to him by several news
papers. The statement In th« i^t^rvlc-rr
was to the effect that Mr. de Vries was
favorably Impressed with the President's
message.
"It was a plain, straightforward state
ment of the executive department's af
fairs," Mr. de Vries is quoted as having
said. "1 am against the acquisition of
territory remote from our own shores,
but I have repeatedly said that I hold the
opinion that, while a Senator or Repre
sentative In Congress may have positive
convictions upon matters of governmental
policy, he must not forget that he is the
representative of a community of peo-
Ple."
SEALERS FORM A POOL.
Canadians Will Not Accept This
Country's Offer to Purchase.
VICTORIA. B. C, Dec. 23.— Owners and
agents of sealing vessels here held a meet
ing yesterday and decided to incorporate
a • umpany with a capital stock of $650
000, subject to the conclusion of the in
ternational commission's conference at
Washington. This means a determination
on the part of the sealers not to accept
any offer to purchase.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Bead it.
THE SAN FRAtf CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
HYPNOTISM USED
TO END A TRANCE
Milwaukee Young Woman Awak
ened After a Sleep of Six
Months.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Dec. 23.— Tony Brospeit, a woman 23 years
of age, who has been in a trance for the past five months at her h«»me
In this city, was brought to her normal condition through the In
fluence of hypnotism.
Miss Brospeit retired as usual in her apartments on the 23d of
July last. On the following morning, when it was time to awaken,
she kept on sleeping, and though at times she vvould open her eyes,
she seemed unconscious of her surroundings. At last an application
of "suggestive therapeutics," a form of hypnotism, was tried and
the patient to-day was brought out of her long trance. Though very
weak, she was able to say a few words to those around her. She
has been kept alive with liquid food.
WAKE ISLAND
WILL BE TAKEN
Orders Given *o Raise
Old Glory There.
CAPTAIN TASSIG'S MISSION
TO PROCEED WITH THE BEN
NINGTON FROM HONOLULU.
Uncle Sam Needs the Little Rock in
the Pacifio for Use as
a Cable Sta
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— The Gov
ernment has determined to hoist th&
flag over an island far out in the Pacific
Ocean, and orders were sent out late
this afternoon to the commander of the
Bennington, Captain Tassig, to proceed
at once to take possession in the name
of the United States Government of
Wake Island, lying in latitude 19 north,
longitude 166 east. It is distant about
2000 miles from Nihau, the westernmost
of the Hawaiian Islands, and 1300 miles
east from Guam. It is almost in a di
rect line between these possessions of
the United States and is admirably
adapted for use as a station for a Pa
cific cable to connect the Philippines
with Hawaii and the United States. It
is about three miles in length and en
closes a lagoon of salt water. The
average height of the island is eight
feet above high tide. It is scarcely
capable in itself of sustaining life, but it
is expected that a cable station can be
maintained without difficulty by the
erection of a condenser to supply fresh
water.
Some station in this locality is deemed
to be absolutely necessary to the main
tenance of a cable and for that reason
the American Peace Commissioners at
Paris endeavored to secure one of the
Caroline Islands, but without success,
v.ake Island is said to be by right al
ready American territory, for in 1851
Admiral Wilkes surveyed the place and
asserted tit|£. It is not inhabited so
far as known at the present time,
though in the past some guano gather
ers have temporarily lived on the is
land.
The Bennington is now at Honolulu,
and the orders to her will go nut by
steamer. * After hoisting the flag on
Wake Island she will proceed to Guam
and make the survey of the island,
which was expected some time ago. She
has already completed a survey of
Pearl harbor, seven miles from Hono
lulu, which will form the foundation of
the Government plans for the enlarge
ment of the harbor there and the
straightening of the channel connecting
the Inner harbor with the ocean.
GALE AT THE SOUTH.
Some Damage to the Orange Groves
at San Bernardino.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 23.— An ex
tremely severe north wind visited this
valley to-day. The dust from newly
plowed fields was blown into the air until
it was Impossible to see a mile distant.
Trees were uprooted and fences and tele
phone wires blown down. Reports from
the citrus district say that the damage
to the orange crop is slight. The most
perious effect was in the open country
between here and Ontario. During the
full fury of the storm trains were obliged
to feel their way along, at times stopping
to shovel sand drifts from the track.
New York Troops Speeding Eastward.
DENVER, Dec. 23. _— The Denver and
i Rio Grande train bearing Companies H,
X and M, of the First New York Volun
teers, left Salida, 216 miles west of here,
. at 7 o'clock to-night, expecting to arrive
; In Denver between 1 and 3 o'clock a. m.
Stuart Bobson tells how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
FRENCH CLAIMS
TO BE RESISTED
Objection to Extension
at Shanghai.
AMERICAN RIGHTS INVOLVED
ENGLAND FOLLOWS THE LEAD
OF UNCLE SAM.
This Government Particularly Inter
ested in Maintaining Open Mar
kets for Our Goods in
China.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— 50 far as
can be learned here the conflicting
claims between the French Government
and the United States Government at
Shanghai, China, do not involve any
broad question relating to the acquisi
tion of large tracts of China by France.
Complaint was made to this Govern
ment that the French representatives
in China, under guise of extending the
limits of their extra territorial conces
sion in Shanghai, had included in the
claim certain property, valued mainly
for riparian uses, which had long been
occupied or enjoyed by American citi
zens and American corporations. Upon
this statement United States Minister
Conger was instructed to protest to the
Chinese Government against any action
on its part which would result in In
jury to the American citizens above
described.
It is gathered from the Shanghai dis
patches that the British Government
has taken a similar course. But beyond
that there has been no joint action be
tween the two governments.
It may be stated as to the broader
question of territorial extension in
China, that without entering into any
formal compact with Great Britain on
this subject our Government is deeply
interested in maintaining the integrity
of China, and as England's policy seems
to lie in the same direction, she will
thus receive the moral influence of our
attitude, which may be as effective as>
formal joint action. The particular in
terest of our Government in this mat
ter is to maintain the open market for
American goods in China.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Captain Loughborough Detailed for
General Recruiting Service.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— 8y direction
of the Secretary of War Captain Robert
H. R. Loughborough, Twenty-fifth In
fantry, is detailed for duty on general re
cruiting service, and upon being relieved
as special regimental recruiting officer
in this city will proceed to Sacramento,
Cal., and report by letter to the com
manding general of the Department of
California for assignment to a recruit
ing station. He will act as quartermaster
while on recruiting duty.
Post Chaplain Edward H. Fitzgerald,
U. S. A., will report In person to the
commanding officer of the Twenty-second
United States Infantry for duty and ac
company that regiment to the Philippine
Islands.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Anthony Holler,
San Francisco, $8; E. T>. Mardon, San
Francisco, $fi; Joseph Tidrow, San Luis
Obispo, $6: Francis Meeker. Oakland, $12.
Increase— Wi' im W. Woller, Rosedale,
$8 to $10; Jv • R. Atherton, Tipton, $6 to
$8. Original w.dows, etc.— Charlotte C. M,
Schwab, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon: Increase — Onisimue M. Frink,
Philomath, $6 to $8; Richard Ma»,am,
Irving, $6 to $8.
Washington: Original— John E. Voice,
Ellensburg, $6. Increase — George W. Bur
ton, Toledo, $24 to $30. Reissue, increase-
Harrison Y. Dorman, Aldy, $6 to $8.
Missing Official Indicted.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Dec. 23.— The
Grand Jury found an indictment for em
bezzlement to-day agraJnst ex-City Clerk
C. S. Sammann, who fled to Mexico aoon
after hin term of office expired last spring-.
Sammann'B shortage was $300.
CITY FATHERS OF
FRESNO ACCUSED
Malfeasance in Office
Charged.
GRAND JURY ON THE WARPATH
RETURNS ANOTHER BATCH OF
ACCUSATIONS.
Board of Trustees Alleged to Have
Expended Public Funds With
out Having Called for
Bids.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Dec. 23.— The Grand Jury
is after public officials with a venge
ance. The public hardly had time to
talk about the sensation of yester-
day, when the accusations were found
against the Supervisors, before an-
other sensation was sprung. This even
ing similar accusations were presented
against the entire Board of City Trus
tees, charging it with failure to live
up to the strict letter of the law in the
transaction of public affairs. The ac
cusations against the board were filed
by District Attorney S*iow in the
County Clerk's office and conies of the
documents were placed in the hands of
the Sheriff for service upon the city
fathers. To-morrow each member will
receive formal notification to appear
within twelve days and answer to the
presentment.
The specific charge against the Trus
tees is that they expended an amount
in excess of $100 without first calling
for bids. The expenditure was incurred
in repairing the engine-house across
the track, which was built at the in
stance of Trustee Joe Spinney uver a
year ago, and which is said to be one
of the finest houses of its kind in the
State, $10,000 having been spent in its
construction. It is out of all proportion
to the needs of that part of town.
But it is not in reference to its con
struction that the Grand Jury has
brought the accusation, but to the re
pairs made subsequently. It is alleged
that on March 31 of this year the Trus
tees, acting in their official capacity,
"willfully, unlawfully and corruptly
expended out of the public funds be
longing to the ci^y the sum of $1795 25,"
and "willfully, unlawfully and cor
ruptly failed and neglected to publish
any notice for bids, as required by
law."
As in the case of the Supervisors, the
Trustees have twelve days in which to
appear in court and answer to the ac
cusation. Should they fail to appear
the charge will be heard in their ab
sence. The purpose of the action of
the Grand Jury is to remove them from
office for failure to comply with the
law. It is hinted that during the trial
sensational matters will come to light
in connection with the construction of
the $10,000 engine house in Spinney's
ward.
The Trustees accused of corrupt mis
conduct are: C. J. Craycroft, chair
man; W. F. McVey, Joseph Spinney, E.
L. Austin and P. M. Chittenden. Spin
ney, who can neither read nor write,
is commonly known as the "boss of th»
board." He is also the "boss" of the
Fifth Ward, and has been running
things with a high hand. He was de
feated for Supervisor at the last elec
tion. McVey ran for Constable and
was defeated at the recent election.
Craycroft is a contractor and bulider.
McVey was until recently in the furni
ture business, and Chittenden is in the
insurance business.
After having returned the accusations
the Grand Jury adjourned for three
weeks.
HURLED TO THE BED
OF SANTA ROSA CREEK
Two Rincon Valley Women Seriously
Injured in a Runaway
Disaster.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 23.— While driving
from this city to their home in Rincon
Valey this afternoon Mrs. S. T. Fulker
son and daughter, Mrs. William Wendt,
met with a serious accident which may
result in Mrs. Fulkerson losing her life.
While passing the rock quarries near the
municipal pumping station their horses
took fright and ran away, finally dashing
the carriage and the occupants down a
twenty-foot embankment to the bed of
Santa Rosa Creek. Both ladies were bad
ly injured, and Mrs. Fulkerson may not
recover.
Piles an Election Contest.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Dec. 23.-C. A. Pal
mer, Republican candidate for District
Attorney, who was defeated by twenty -
one votes, filed a notice of contest for
the office to-day against A. E. Campbell,
the successful fusion candidate.
Tremblings,
Flutterings, eye-sore— red or bleary— parched
throat, perspiration quick to come, faltering
or halting gait, a senee of dizziness, you have
It and you get over it in two seconds; electric
sparks before the eyes, as quick as thought;
mind uneasy, pains in the small of the back,'
also pains up each side of the backbone, pains
in the head, shooting pains, suffocating sensa-
tions, curious weak feelings: RINGING in the
ears, rush of blood to the head, constipation,
nervous pulsations in different parts of the
body, milky sediment, means the approach of
Nervous Debility.
And the way to get rid of this trouble la to
apply to the doctors of the Hudson Medical
Institute for their remedy-treatment, Hudyan.
Hudyan will cure where you are.
Hudyan is the creation of the doctors of the
big Hudson Medical Institute. No one can
give you Hudyan but the Hudson doctors.
Call or write for the particulars of Hudyan.
Free.
Particulars and Testimonials Free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI»
YALE DIVINITY STUDENT
A PURLOINER OF BOOKS
Thousands of Volumes Found by Police
in Rev. James Brittain Miller's
Rooms.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— A New Haven (Conn.) special to the Herald
says: Yale University and the city of New Haven are talking of
scarcely anything except the case of Rev. James Brittain Miller, a
graduate of Divinity School, who was arrested yesterday charged
with theft and in whose rooms in West Divinity Hall upward of
5000 volumes believed to have been stolen from book stores in this
city were found by the police.
Fears are now expressed that the university library itself may
have suffered by Mr. Miller's depredations. In university circles,
among which the accused clergyman has many friends, not a little
sympathy is expressed for him and there is a strong disinclination
to regard his guilt as proved. Several hundreds of the volumes
found in his room, however, have been positively Identified as hav
ing been stolen frdm leading book stores in Chapel and Church
streets.
His case has been compared to that of Eugene Aram, but while
the crimes of Bulwer's hero were inspired by lofty motives, Mr. Mil
ler's oerations appear to have been conceived and carried out in a
purely commercial spirit. All the evidence so far appears to show
that for several years Miller, protected against suspicion by the fact
that he was a well-known divinity student, has systematically stolen
books wherever he could most safely do so, solely for the purpose of
selling them. He is known to have done a large business in the sell
ing of books to fellow students, and it is now fully established that
long lines of books stolen from certain stores have been found in other
stores not a stone's throw away, in which they had been left by Mil
ler to be sold for his account on commission.
CONDITIONS OF
THE EVACUATION
HowCubaWill Pass Into
Uncle Sam's Hands.
DUE EXCHANGE OF FLAGS
BESPECTIVE. SALUTES OF TWEN
TY-ONE GUNS WILL BE FIRED.
There Will Be Some Interesting Cere
monies at Havana on New Year's
Day When Old Glory
Is Raised.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Dec. 23.— At the joint
meeting of the United States and Span
ish Military Commissioners to-day the
programme was finally agreed upon for
the exchange of flags on January 1 at
noon. Just before 12 o'clock the Amer
ican "war vessels will fire a salute of
twenty-one guns in honor of the Span
ish flag. Promptly at 12 o'clock the
Spanish flags on the various public
buildings will be lowered and immedi
ately thereafter the stars and stripes
will be hoisted over El Morro and the
public buildings of the city, while
Spanish artillerists at Cabanas Fort
ress will salute the American flag with
twenty-one guns, Spanish warships in
the harbor participating in the salute.
At the same hour the Spanish troops.
ADVERTISEMENTS. M
'I^SOLOTO^CUmTYT
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^L^?^^
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE > IrARTFtfQl FOR HEADACHE - SEE
JLL tARTtKo for dizziness. jll
rr\TTTi\ir Kittle FOR BILIOUSNESS. rrmm ,_ i
GENUINE TiVer for torpid liver. GENUINE
M DILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPER Ja.JB for sallow skin. wrappfr
niVAriLK gtaH_J FOR THE COMPLEXION KA^ tK
' ; ' Price I ' OI3NUJLMJK MU»THAV«S^OHATURC. . . • .
25 Cents I ynnay Vegetaftle.^^»^S^<S
"PRINTED ON RED PAPER," .
-'.■», ■ ■ .> '--.. . ■ - .■ -
11 For three years I had been suffering from ~
dyspepsia and stomach trouble, and had tried every-
thing from patent medicines down to the 'hot water*'
remedy Last spring I noticed Ripans Tabules ad-
vertised in the village paper, and bought a package
of Dr. Durant. I had not used more than a dozen *
before I felt better. I keep them in the house all
the time and give them to my friends, but I rarely I
have occasion now to take one mysel£"
if any then remain in the city, will be
paraded in barracks and will render
proper salute to the American forces
passing.
Just before noon the American and
Spanish Commissioners, General Cas
tellanos, the Spanish captain general,
and the American ranking officer in
Cuba, Major General John R. Brooke,
if he arrives in time, and otherwise
Major General Lee will assemble at the
palace.
The Spanish Commissioners will then
surrender the Government to the
United States Commissioners, who will
immediately transfer it to the Ameri
can general commanding. After this
the various functionaries will remain
a while to receive those who may wish
to pay their respects to the incoming
authorities.
It was agreed at the joint meeting
that the Spanish troops remaining in
Cuba after January 1 should be con
sidered in the light of foreign troops in
a friendly country, and to be accorded
the privileges usually granted under in
ternational law. The quarters, build
ings and grounds occupied by them are
to be covered by the immunities of ex
tra territoriality. and further stitpula
tions were entered into respecting the
prevention of any disturbance of public
order consequent upon their presence.
Matanzas and Cienfuegos will doubt
less be the only places where Spanish
troops will remain after January 1, and
Cienfuegos will be evacuated first.
The Spanish sick in the hospitals will
remain under the safeguard of the
American flag, the Spanish authorities
providing medicines, attendance and
food, repatriating them on recovery.
Generals Wade, Butler and Clous, ac
companied by their aids, were received
at the palace to-day with full military
honors. The Spanish trumpeters blew
a flare and the police guards saluted.
The same ceremonies marked the re
tirement of the American officers.
The Eighth and Tenth regular In
fantry regiments occupied the forts at
El Vedado to-day, but there are no
American flags in sight.
Torpedo-Boat Davis Coming.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 23.— The torpedo
boat Davis left the Wolff & Sewicker Iron
Works here to-day for Mare Island,
where she will be delivered to the Gov
ernment.POLITICS AND
THE APPROACH
OF CHRISTMAS
Country Legislators
Going Home.
COLD DAY FOR JOB-CHASERS
GOVERNOR GAGE'S ARRIVAL
CREATES A STIR.
Headquarters at the Palace Deserted
by All Save the Army of
Moth-Eaten Place-
Hunters.
The near approach of the Christmas
holidays has hail a very depressing effect
on the aspect of things around political
headquarters at the Palace Hotel. Legis
lators and their friends from the interior
who have been in the city during u.e
past few weeks for the purpose of "Ret
ting next to themselves," as they ex
pressed it, have returned to their homes
t.-> spend Christmas with their families
or friends, leaving the Palace court and
the rooms of the Republican State Central
Committee in the- undisturbed possession
of local Job-chasers and the political touts
who are numbered among the camp-fol
lowers and personal advisors of Colonel
Burns.
The job-chasers, of which there are not
a few, were visibly stirred yesterday when
It was announced that Governor-elect
Gage would arrive in the city by the even
ing train from Sacramento In order to b«
present at the reception tendered Lieu
tenant Hobson last night. To-day will see
a full attendance of the needy gentle
men who are willing to serve the State
In any capacity where there is good pay
and no work. It stands them in hand to
be in evidence around the Palace court,
co as to be in a p sition at any time of
the night or day to bow to the Governor
elect should he happen to pass. Another
and very important consideration is the
cheerful grate fire in the general office
of the committee rooms upstairs. There
Is a decided chill in the atmosphere at
this time of the year, and the chronic
place-hunter is not always provided with
an overcoat, a condition that may be at
tributable to the fact that this is tne
close of a Democratic administration.
Four years of enforced idleness is enough
to strfp the overcoat from the backs of all
but those who make politics a "fad" an
not an occupation.
To-day the job chasers will appear in
the courtyard and in the committee
- with the bottoms of their trousers
■ sheared, the cracks in their
it artistically inked, a pocketful of
c iron washers and an air of pros
perlty assumed in the fond hope that the
:...r-tlect may be led to believe that
are guests at the hotel and that
their sole object in wishing to give up
their luxurious quarters, and go to Sac
ramento is a desire to serve him.
Secretary of State-elect Charles" F.
Curry was nne of the callers at headquar
ters yesterday. He is more or less inter- .
ested in Colonel Burns' Senatorial can- ■
didacy, and he feels it incumbent '
on him to keep in touch with
events and country legislators. He
will not move his household to Sac- •
ramento before, the first of the year, as j
resence is required in this city to
close up 'he affairs of the office of County
Clerk and turn the office over to his sue
• with the beginning of the new
Tt is stated on reliable authority
Mr. Curry will give one of the places
in the Secretary of State's office to Lou
□ of Healdsburg. Sonoma County.
Norti n has held the office of Constable in
Healdsburg for several years, and was a
delegate to the last Republican State
ntlon. H<* was defeated for the \
nomination for Sheriff at his county con
vention.
Jabez Swan has joined the ranks of
• who are seeking political prefer
ment, his claim for recognition being j
based to some extent on the fact of his I
reputed authorship of the life-size oil
painting of Henry T. Gasre that occupies
the. place of honor on th.c walls of the j
State Central Committee's rooms. Mr.
Swan is said to be seeking the appoint
ment of member of the State Board of
Equalization, to fill the vacancy created '
by the death of the late J. G. Edwards, j
rriemb^r-elect. Mr. Swan is not without !
experience, as he served one term as !
member of the Board of Equalization, ;
and is said to have acquitted himself of
the duties of the office with credit to him
eelf and profit to the State.
The Governor-Elect Here.
Governor-elect Henry T. Gage arrived
In the city last night from Sacramento,
and will leave for Los Angeles to-day.
SUES HER BROTHER.
Miss Gashwiler Alleges That He
Deceived Her.
Litigation, the result of alleged fraud,
has divided the Gashwiler family. Suit
Was filed yesterday by Charlotte L. Gash
wiler against her half-brother, Jared H.
Irwln, to set aside a deed to valuable real
estate on Kearny street, near Pine. The
plaintiff alleges that in November of last
year she requested her brother to prepare
a deed to the property in question that
Ehe might convey it to her mother, Mrs.
I* M. Gashwiler. Irwin stated that he
would do so, and on November IS, 1897,
Informed her that the deed was ready for
her signature. They went before a
notary and without reading the document.
Miss Gashwiler alleges, she signed it.
Subsequently she discovered that instead
of conveying the property to her mother
the de-r-d conveyed one-third to Irwin and
one-third to plaintiffs sister, Mrs. Samuel
M. Shortrldge.
Plaintiff states that she went to Mrs.
Phortri<!jr<i as soon as she discovered the
deception, and Mrs. Shortridge was ignor
ant of the transaction and immediately
signed a quitclaim deed. Now Miss Gash
wlUt seeks to set aside the deed on the
ground of fraud, that she may convey the
property to her mother, as she originally
intended.
GEORGE E. BARRON'S ESTATE.
Letters of Administration Upon It
Asked by T. J. Roche.
Theodore J. Roche, one of the many
creditors of the late George E. Barron,
las applied for letters- of administration
cpon the estate of the deceased- Peti
tioner states that he has no Information ;
■s to the character an«3"v^r-s —C life «-»-»
*ate; neither does he know the names of
the next of kin of the decease^.
George E. Barron came into prominence
several years ago through a contest of his
father's will in the courts of San Jose.
A negress appeared on the. scene with a
boy she alleged was the son of herself
and George E. Barron's father. The dis
grace following this expose and trouble
and litigation drove young Barron into
evil ways and his death, which occurred
in this city on October 21. is said to have
been caused by dissipation. When Bar
ron died he was attended by a woman
whom rumor said was his wife, but as she
has not appeared to claim his estate the
reports were probably unfounded.
FOBBED AN OLD MAN.
A. McKenzie Relieved 01 His Jewelry
and All His Loose Money.
Mrs. Morrissey, 326 Minna street, short
ly after C o'clock yesterday morning: saw
a man robbing an old man opposite her
house. A few minutes later Policeman
T| 1 1 man was passing her house after re
porting off duty and she told him or what
she had seen. She described the robber
as short and stout, with a full beard,
r-ii' 1 n ho ut 30 years of age.
The old man was lying on the steps of
the house, "27 Minna street, with his
pockets turned inside out. He was con
siderably under the influence of liquor,
and Tillman took him to the City Prison.
He pave his name as A. McKay and
claimed that he had been robbed. Till
man went back to Minna street and found
the old man's gold rimmed spectacles and
falso u-eth about forty feet from where
he had bpen robbed. They were taken to
the prison.
Whon the old man sobered up a little
he said his name was A McKenzie and
that he had been a resident of this city
for over thirty years. He used to keep
a saloon on Market street, opposite the
Palace Hotel, and one on Pine
street, opposite the market. For a
few years he has been traveling
around selling spectacles. He lives on
Fourth street, nt-ar Mission, and Thurs
day night started out with $10 to have a
good time. The last thing he remem
bered was being in the Abbotsford saloon,
where he had several glasses of whisky.
H<> had a vague recollection of a man
with a beard, who knew his name. He
had been robbed of a cheap watch, a
gold chain and diamond locket, a diamond
stud, a diamond ring, a gold ring with a
bloodstone and any loose change he may
have had in his pockets. He had a check
in his purse for $1250. and reluctantly con
fessed that he was fond of poker and
kept for a blind.
Inquiry at the Abbotsford saloon elicited
the fact that a gentleman escorted him
home at the request of the proprietor, but
on reaching Fourth street, below Mis
sion. McKenzie Insisted on going into a
saloon and playing cards with a soldier
and some others. The gentleman left
him there. The police are working on
the case.
HIS GAS WAS SHUT OFF.
Refusal to Put Up a Deposit Causes
Trouble.
A. Daw-Kerrell, a resident of this city,
complains bitterly of the treatment which
he has received from the Pan Francisco
Gaslight Company. Yesterday afternoon
at A o'clock his gas was shut off oy an
employe of the concern, which gave no
notice of its intention to resort to the
arbitrary proceeding. The consequence
was that Mr. Kerrell's home was left In
darkness for the night, and his wife, who
is an invalid, suffered greatly from the
cold, as the only way they have of heat
ing the house is by means of gas.
Mr. Kerrell Is of the opinion that the
I corporation Is pursuing retaliatory tactics
i against him for his refusal to put up the
I $5 deposit which it exacts illegally from
Its consumers.
"The trouble." he said, "dates back
some eleven years, when I refused to com
| ply with the demand to deposit the $5. In
that time I moved four timos, and always
1 had trouble in that regard, but I never
; made the deposit, and I presume the com
; pany has had it in for me ever since. I
always paid my bills promptly and !n
i March last I contracted for a yas stove,
which the company loans to subscribers.
( ';: that 1 cheerfully paid a $3 deposit as
security, as I considered it a just charge.
; It cost me $20 to have the connections
i made. I found, however, that the pres
sure was poor, for when the Etove was
! lighted the Kas jets burned very feebly, so
: two weeks ago I sent word to ha.\e it re
: moved, and paid $4 to aisconnect it. My
• son went to the office to ask for the re
turn of the $5 deposit on the stove, but
; was met with scant courtesy.
" 'Have you a deposit on your meter?"
Ihe was asked. Replying in the negative,
i he was coolly informed that the Jo on the
I stove would now be applied as a deposit
lon the meter. In addition he. was c<jn
1 fronted with a bill of $7 80 to cover the
■ amount of gas burned in November and
! fourteen days in December. Believing this
to be extortionate my son refused to pay.
and the summary action of shutting the
gas oft followed. This charge of $7 SO was
I the result of my being honest with tne
I corporation and notifying it last month
that I was of the opinion that the m^ter
; did not register properly, as I was posi
tive that we had burned more than ?2
worth of gas in October, which was their
bill for that month. I consider they have
acted in a high-handed and dishonorable
way, and I think I have cause to bring ac
; tion for damages. I will get the advice
1 of an attorney and took the first step yes
i terday to serve the company with a. no
i tice to turn on the gas forthwith. This is
a matter that concerns every user of -is
i in this city and something should be done
I to correct the tactics of the San Francis.'D
Gas Company, which, to say the least, are
peculiar." ______^_____
ACTOR MONTAINE'S
TWO CHARACTERS
HIS WIFE WILL SUE FOR A
DIVORCE.
A Dual Role on the Alcazar Soards
and Tragedy on the Domestic
Hearth.
Clarence F. Montaine this week at the
Alcazar is a funny German with stage
regulation Saxon tow hair and a litt.e
whisker on his chin. He says funny Ger
man things and laughs with his audience
at himself. But C. F. Montaine off the
stage is not saying funny things and
laughing just now. Then he is playing
best man to Mrs. C. F. Montaine in a lit
tle drama of her own, though in her set
tled opinion he is the worst man in the
world almost. In fact so bad is he that
she is consulting her lawyer in view of
getting a divorce on the grounds of cru
elty. Her lines in this play are that he Is
the usual unfeeling wretch of a husband,
111 treats her a little short of battery,
goes to drink with startling frequency,
insults her bosom lady friends and dis
courager her aspiration to develop into a
tragedienne.
In an interview the man of two roles
said, as he was making-up for his stage
part, that his wife was an unspeakable
lover of intoxicants, with a most vicious
temper, a lurid Imagination and a mighty
confidence in her latent theatrical abili
ties.
"Her tongue ie a scorcher," he said,
stopping to stick the funny whiskers on
his chin, "and ever s'nee our marriage in
Chicago, about a year ago, she has sub
jected me to almost unceasing abuse. She
has even gone so far as to slap me in
the face. I have had to get out of her
way to keep her from scratching my
f-vfs out. Oh, she Is a Tartar from Tar
tarville. Her love of war with me is al
most equal to her love of cocktails with
her lady friends, and when she ~ets im
bued with the spirit of both I just make
myself scan c. When she is mad through
and through she is so impulsive that she
will stop at nothing. Yesterday evening
after a tremendous flare-up she rushed
oft to her attorney. Judge Mogan, and be
gan proceedings for a divorce. But she
is nice when not stirred up; in fact she Is
like the little girl who 'when she Is good
is very, very good, and when she is bad
she is horrid.'
Mrs. Montaine is a handsome woman
about 30 years of age, and was a Mrs.
Pauline Davidson when she married itaon
taine in Chicago less than a year ago
while he was playing a leading part in
Nat Goodwin's company. She has ap
peared In minor roles .several times on
the stape. hut not with shining success.
She denies all her husbands allegations.
Montaine has consulted Hon. Julius Kahn
and will fight the case.
No Day Coach South of Bakersfleld.
The Southern Pacific announces that
the new limited train service between
this city and Los Angeles has been
slightly modified as compared with tr.e
original plan by discontinuing the day
ff:uh between BakersfieM and Los
Angeles. In other words, between San
Francisco and Bakersflell in either di
rection a sleeping car ticket will not be
necessary, but south of th- latter point
it will The train is reported to be
doing a handsome business.
Elijah Lord's Will.
The will of Elijah Lord, who died on the
10th in.«t.. leaving property valued ot $14,
000, was' filed for probate yesterday. The
bequests are $2000 to the children of James
H. Lord, a brother, a like sum to the
children of Mrs. Martha J. Whlpple a
sister; $.1500 to James Whlpple, a nephew
$1000 to Isabella Watson, a niece. The
residue of the estate Is devised to dece
dent's widow.
In the Divorce Courts.
Georglana Pratt ha« been granted a
divorce from Warren A. Pratt on the
ground of willful desertion. Solomon
i'rokner asks for a divorce from his wife,
Rosie Crokner, on the ground of cruelty.'
Mothers, Attention!
You can save money on boys' clothing,
hats, caps, sweaters, shirts, etc.. by call
ing on "The Old I. X. L." corner Sixth
and Mission streets. Headquarters for
Santa Claus. - •
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
SLOAN'S STOMACH
IS OUT OF ORDER
HTS GRACE JAMES TOD SLOAN, Duke of Saddledom, Intimate of $
His Highness the Prince of Wales, and premier jockey of the Amer- }
lean turf, will arrive at the Palace in about ten days. This is the an- }
nouncement that Charley Quinn, herald for his grace, tipped off to i
the knowing ones last night. The news brought a smile to the haggard )
countenances of that swell set, better known as the talent, who for the <i
past ten days have been up against the books with somewhat disastrous }
results. The exact day when "Our Tod," as Quinn puts it. will arrive is )
not known, but from a letter received he will be here inside of ten days )
if he does not change his little mind. )
At present Sloan is at West Baden Springs, Indiana, drinking sulphur j
water. It is reported that his dear little stomach has been upset by the )
various brands. that he and the Prince of Wales were accustomed to drink }
together, and the immaculate midget wants to be in condition when he <l
arrives here. Charley Dwyer is at the springs with Tod, and will accom- )
pany him here. The talent hopes for the sure thing and the dead cinch ]
when J. Tod Sloan arrives. He will also bring with" him the latest '*
wrinkles from "dear old London"— that is. in the line of neckwear and i
clothes. This season It is ties that Tod will flash, and he has something *
like five hundred of the most startling patterns. He also brings thirty- )
seven dozen pairs of trousers and a chest full of imported cigars of the }
largest and blackest brand— the kind that Sir Henry Irving and Lord Sal- ]
isbury smoke. ]
His Grace will have a suite at the Palace and will establish his court \
on his arrival, and the exacting etiquette of St. James will be rigidly en- \
forced. This season, owing to J. Tod Sloan's intimacy with the Prince \
of Wales, no one will address him until they have first been spoken to, ]
and it is positively stated on the very best authority that under no cir- <i
cumstances will Sloan accept a mount that has not a pedigree emanat- \
ing from the other side, "don't cher know." \
TREASURER REIS
IS TO MAKE A
SETTLEMENT
Surprised This City Is
Involved.
THAT STATE TAX MUDDLE
MAYOR PHELAN'S EXTRAORDI
NARY BUSINESS LAXITY.
Sacramento Pays Over — Colgan's
Firm Position — Aggressive Law
yers Now Proposing Stip
ulations.
Many taxpayers of San Francisco were
surprised yesterday when they read that
; the Board of Supervisors of this city had
j entered into a contract with Attorneys
j Rodgers, Paterson & Slack and Devlin &
I Devlin to pay these lawyers a large per
i centage to collect certain moneys which
! it is claimed have been overpaid in the
j collection of State taxes. No one was
; more surprised than Treasurer Christian
Reis. He was amazed to learn that the
I Supervisors had adopted a resolution to
pay lawyers a large commission for col
! lecting money from the State.
"It is a plain proposition," remarked Mr.
Reis, "that if the city collects any money
from the State, a tax on the city will be
levied by the State to restore the money.
The Mayor and the Supervisors ought to
j have known that the whole proceeding
j was designed to give fees to lawyers. No
matter how the litigation ends the ciiy
will be compelled to pay. Should, an
' amount equal to the commissions said to
be due San Francisco be collected from
the State the tax to restore it will fall
heavier on San Francisco than on other
| counties, and besides the city will be loser
1 in the amount allowed to the lawyers. I
: am surprised that a plain business propo
sition of this kind was not understood by
i the Mayor and Supervisors."
The contract between the lawyers and
'< the city and county of San Francisco was
obtained last August, -as the following
copy of the resolution will show:
1 RESOLUTION No. 1552 (Fourth Series).—
Resolved, That Arthur Rodger*. Van R. Pater
son and Charles W. Slack, composing; the firm
of Rodgers, Paterson & Slack, attorneys at law,
and Robert T. Devlin and William H. Devlin,
composing the firm of Devlin & Devlin, attor
i neys at law, ' .«_«•.
! Be and they are hereby employed, by the
I Board of Supervisors of the City and County
'. of San Francisco. State of California, and they
I are hereby authorized, empowered and ap
. pointed to "examine into any claim that may be
due owing or unpaid to the said city and
: county and any of its officers or either from
i the State of California, in connection with cer
i tain moneys which it is claimed have been
overpaid in the settlements between them aris
i Ing from the collection of State taxes and reve-
n ue and the disbursement of public money, and
i also in connection with such State taxes and
; revenue and services rendered pertaining to
j the same and to develop the facts in connec
! tion therewith and the law applicable thereto,
I and to collect by suit or otherwise the said
! claim and all moneys that may be due or
owing from the said State to the said city and
i county by reason of or in connection with any
! of the matters above set forth.
! That the attorneys above named. In the
maintenance and prosecution of th* said claim,
shall assist the District Attorney of the said
i city and county or its City and County Attor
j ney, or act Independently, as circumstances and
j the' law may require. .
I That the said city and county shall be at no
: expense in the maintenance or prosecution of
I the said claim, the same to be advanced by
Messrs. Devlin & Devlin above named.
! That the above-named attorneys so employed
i shall receive and retain 50 per cent of all sums
of money not exceeding ten thousand ($10,000)
' dollars and 25 per cent on all sums exceeding
the «ald sum of ten thousand ($10,000) dollars.
I collected on the aforesaid claim in full pay-
I ment of all services rendered, the balance to
i be paid Into the city and county treasury and
! apportioned to such fund or funds as required
That the said employment shall continue In
force until the said claim has been fully col
lected or has been declared invalid by the final
Judgment of the Supreme Court of the State of
California; and the said attorneys shall also be
j entitled to the same percentage on all sums
I that may hereafter accrue on the said claim
I (luring the term of Raid employment; provided,
; that the said employment shall not continue for
a longer period than two years, unless the said
claim shall be in litigation, and in such an
event it shall continue until the said litigation
shall be finally ended.
In Board of Supervisors. San Francisco, Au
gust 15, 1598. i'V-"l
After having been published five successive
days, according to law, taken up and passed by
the following vote:
Ayes— Supervisors Devany, Hasklns. Delany,
Sheehan. Dodge. Lackmann, Morton, Britt,
Smith. Clinton. Rivers.
Abscnt-Superv-lso^ Rottanz. tjssELu Clerk. .
The above Resolution. No. 1552 (Fourth
Series), . not having been approved by his
Honor, the Mayor, and ex-offlclo President of
the Bonrd of Supervisors, ■ or returned to this
board with objections thereto, within ten days
of the presentation thereof, has become valid
In accordance with the provisions of Section
No 68 of the consolidation act, ■on this . 27th
day of August. MS. Q , %%.
.INO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
Treasurer Reis of this city announces
his purpose to make a speedy settlement
with the State Controller if he is not re
strained by the lawyers employed by the
Board of "Supervisors. Speaking on this
topic yesterday, he said: "I expect to
make the settlement in a few days. , I am
waiting now on the Tax Collector. No
papers to prevent me making the ■ cus
! tomary settlement have been served upon
j me, and I do not hear that any steps to
; restrain me are. in contemplation. . The
! amount to be paid over to the State will
i approximate $1,100,000. but $400,000 may be
| retained under apportionment of school
] money."
It seems that Mayor Phelan did not sign
the resolution of the Board of Supervis
ors, but it became valid with his consent,
as he did not interpose official objection.
It does not appear on the record that any
one in the City Hall sought the advice of
the City and County Attorney on this im
portant contract. Comment on the
Mayor's inefficiency is varied and pointed.
The Mayor is said to be exceptionally
gifted with qualities required- for opening
a woman's congress or receiving a hero
like Hobson, but is so lamentably de
ficient in ordinary business sense that, he
ought to have a guardian. Obviously it
never entered his mind that the lawyers
had an ax to grind when they sought his
support in obtaining: , tho contract. Mr.
Devlin, a smooth talker from Sacramento,
found the Mayor a "good thing" and
worked him accordingly.
THE CONTROLLER'S POSITION.
Ten Counties Have Made Settlements
With the State — Sacramento and
Ventura Responded Yesterday.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 23.— With refer
ence to the suits brought against the
State by forty-two counties for back
commissions alleged to be due them State
Controller Colgan said to a Call corre
spondent this afternoon that he would
maintain the position that the counties
must proceed to make their settlements
with the State, as the law requires. Ten
counties have already settled, among
them Solano, Lake, Alpine, Mariposa, Plu
mas, Santa Clara, Ventura and Sacramen
to, the last two having made their set
tlements to-day.
"The attorneys for the counties in this
matter," said Mr. Colgan, "have, as I un
derstand it, advised the counties not to
settle with the Controller, but Devlin &
Devlin, who represent a majority of them,
stated to-day that they were willing to
enter into a stipulation or agreement to
have all the counties they represent set
tle with the Controller provided that their
rights are not jeopardized. Their proposi
tion has been put in writing and submit
ted to Attorney General Fitzgerald, who
represents me in this matter, for his ap
proval or modification.
"Section 3867 of the Political Code pro
vides that unless a County Treasurer set
tles with the State Controller between the
loth and 30th of December he shall pay a
penalty of JIOOO. Of course I shall look
for settlements In the usual manner and
that really sums up my position at pres
ent. My opinion is that there is nothing
in the case which the attorneys have
brought, but I must, of course, await a
judicial determination of the question."
An interesting fact in connection with
the passage of the law in 1893 abolishing
commissions was disclosed upon an ex
amination of the original tally sheet of
the Senate made by Secretary of State
Brown and The Call correspondent this
evening. The printed minutes of the Sen
ate, which are indorsed as correct by the
presiding officer of that body, show that
the measure received but twenty votes
and that it did not receive the vote of
Senator R. H. Campbell, his name not ap
pearing even as present. The original tal
ly sheet, kept in pencil, however, shows
that Campbell was present and that he
was the first man who voted aye. The
totals show that the measure received 21
eyes and 3 noes. The singular fact re
vealed by the examination is that right
next to the figure "1," denoting Camp
bell's vote, is a cipher with a stroke
through it. Whether it was intended to
have any significance or not is not known,
but at any rate it is regarded as worthy
of note in connection with the absence of
Campbell's name from the list of the Sen
ators voting- for the measure as it appears
in the printed minutes. With Campbell's
name out the printed minutes show that
the measure received but twenty votes,
which would not be enough to carry it,
although it is stated in the printed min
utes that the measure passed.
The Hearst Libel Suits.
Judge Mogan had set yesterday for ren
dering his decision in the libel case of
Claus Spreckels against W. R. Hearst of
the Examiner, but announced that he was
not yet ready, and continued the case till
January 10.
The demurrer of TV. R. Hearst to the
complaint of Claus Spreckels for damages
for libel was overruled by Judge Hunt
yesterday. Hearst was given ten days in
which to answer the complaint.
Not Wanted in New York.
Captain Bohen yesterday received a dis
patch from Captain McClusky of New
York In answer to the one sent him on
Thursday that Isldor Lorber was not
wanted there for the murder of his wife
nor for anything else. Lorber was at
once released from the City Prison.
Federal Grand Jury Indictment.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday re
ported an Indictment against H. W. M.
Ogg of Sacramento County for sending
unlawful drugs through the malls to C. M.
Madsen of Gunnison. Utah, and to Mrs.
S. G. Sartor! of Nashville, El Dorado
County, California. Ball was set at $500.
A Soldier's Escape.
From the Democrat-Message, Mt. Sterling, 111.
When Richmond had fallen and the
great commanders had met beneath the
historic apple tree at Appomattox, the
83d Pennsylvania Volunteers, prematurely
aged, clad in tat-
ters and rags, bro-
ken In body but of
dauntless? spirit,
swung into line for
the last "grand re-
view" and then
quietly marched
away to begin life's
fray anew amid
the hills and val-
leys of the Key-
stone State. Among i
the number Asa j
Robinson came
back to the old home
in Mt. Sterling, 111.,
back to the fire-
side that he had
left at the call to
arms four years
previous. He went
away a happy,
healthy farmer
boy in the first
flush of vigorous
w ...
I
The Soldier's Return.
manhood; he c;ime
back a ghost of the self that answered
to President Lincoln's call for "300,000
more."
To-day he is an alert, active man and
tolls the story cf his recovery as follows.:
"I was a great sufferer from sciatic
rheumatism almost from the time of my
discharge from the army. Most of the
time I was unfitted for manual labor of
any kind, and my sufferings were at all
times intense. At times I was bent al-
most double, and got around only witu
the greatest difficulty. Nothing seemed
to give me permanent relief until three
years ago, when my attention was calle>l
to some of the wonderful cures effected
by Dr. Williams 1 Pink Pills for Pale Peo-
Ele. I had not taken more than half a
ox when I noticed an improvement in
my condition, and I kept on improving
steadily. I took three boxes of the pills,
and at the end of that time was in better
condition than at any time since the close
of my army service. Since then I have
never been bothered with rheumatism
Dr. Williams" Pink Pills for Pale People
is the only remedy that ever did me any
good, and to them I owe my restoration
to comparative health. They are a grand
-remedy."
. . ADVERTISEMENTS. _
+ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ + ♦ + ♦♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
! CHRISTMAS GIFTS 1
I Ito=d a V --at - -.; |to=d ay| I
X t \J LJjt\ I | A vf-l/rV I *
I Great Reductions! \
+ — : ®®<s«>®<ix«X§®<sXS>®®^ •-■ J
+ ' '-f ■■,'- ■■' : :y ::;_ ' ■ ■ ■ i^g^ ■ X
+ We offer the public to-day special Inducements in our magnificent new stock of Holiday Goods, 4
X as everything must positively be cleared before Xmas REGARDLESS OF VALUE. H
+ We append a few quotations which will prove specially interesting to intending purchasers. X
I- : . 1 — — . : : ■ ♦
X Ladies' Jackets and Capes.
A ,
4. Pit $io.oo.
a LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in black, navy and tan,
fly or double-breasted fronts, lined with silk, regular price
4 $15 00, sale price $10 00 each.
+ Pit $15.00.
4- LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in black, navy and tan,
a fly or double-breasted fronts, lined throughout with silk.
worth $20 00, sale price $15 00 each.
. Pit $15.00.
"*" LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk, handsomely braided
4- and beaded, collar and fronts edged with marten or Thibet
, fur, good value for $22 50, sale price $15 00 each.
4. Pit $20.00.
a > LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk, richly trimmed with
"*" braid and beads, collar and fronts edged with marten or
4. Thibet fur, regular price $30 00, sale price $20 00 each.
I Ladies' Suits.
+ pit $10.00.
a LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, of black and navy cheviot, fly-
• front Jackets, faced with fancy silk, skirts well lined and
4. bound, good value for $12 50, sale price $10 00 each.
♦ Pit $17. 50.
4- LADIES' BLACK SERGE TAILOR-MADE SUITS, fly-front
Jackets, lined with silk serge, skirts double lined and bound,
■♦• regular price $22 50, sale price $17 60 each.
"* Pit $20.00.
+ LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, of black and navy cheviot,
4. fly-front Jackets, lined with silk, flounce skirts, well lined
and bound, good value for $25 00, sale price $20 00 each.
a Pit $22. 50.
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in tan and blue covert cloth.
4- tight-fitting Jackets, lined with silk, flounce skirts, d""h>»
. lined and bound with velvet, worth $50 00, sale price $52 5$
■*" each.
♦ Ladles' Dress Skirts.
+ Pit $12.
4. LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, Spanish flounce, fan-
plaited backs, well lined and bound, regular price $16 50, sale
4- price $12 50 each.
+ Pit $1<5.50.
+ LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, fan-plaited backs,
a Spanish flounce lined with taffeta silk, good value for $20 00,
"*" sale price $16 50 each.
+ --■ -
♦ ; :
4. [/[/ Murphy Building:, Jf
$ Market aid Jones Strafe.
+ i-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f^-f-f-f-f
It Will Make You Feel Good
When your wife tells you on Christmas
morning that your shirt front and col-
lar rivals the whiteness of the lilies.
' There Is nothing that can encircle your
| neck, outside of her snowy 'arm, that
will please you more on Xraas than a
collar done up with the perfect color
and finish that we put on all linen
laundered here.
The United States Laundry, office
. 1004 Market street Telephone
South 420
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKB.
Turds at HOWARD AND iIEALK BT3.
DR.MCNULTY:
THIS VVELIv-KXOWN AND RELTABT/K OLD
1 Speciulistcur» Private, Nervous, ami Blood Dis-
eases 0/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of lien. free. Ov«r2oy'rs' experience.
Patients Cor*dat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
t0 3 du11y: 6.30 to 8:30 e v'fjs. Similars, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. I, or address
P. ROBCUE JlfMI/rV, M.D.
2O»£ Henrny St., Kan Francisco. Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican , remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. " 323 Market.
BAiLBOAJJ TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa I? Route
Connecting Owl Train I Leaves San '
Francisco via Los Angeles at 5
P. M. every SUNDAY, TUES-
DAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. "BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car. ,
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAH FRANCISCO TICKTOfFICE— SZi MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L '
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
Santas Office— West Santa Clara St.
Special Valnes in Ladies* & Children's Hosiery. -t
At 2S Cents. _^.
800 dozen of CHILDREN'S FANCY HOSIERY, in an endless 4-
number of patterns, were usually for 50c to 75c the pair, will .
be on sale at 25c. . 4-
LADIES' FANCY HOSIERY. t
At as Cents. 4;
600 dozen LADIES' FANCY HOSE, in plaids and Roman stripes 4-
eold in boxes of six, with six different patterns, regular value .
60c, selling price at present $1 50 the box or 25c the pair. s "♦"
At 3S Cents. *f
400 dozen LADIES FANCY LISLE-THREAD HOSE, in tartans "*"
• Scotch plaids, with silk embroidery, usual price $6 00 the 4-
dozen, made up in boxes of six pairs and six different pat- .
terns, at $2 00 the box or 35c the pair. : ;^ -^ +
At SO Cents. t"
800 dozen LADIES' FANCY LISLE-THREAD HOSE in all the "*"
latest styles in Rembrandt and Richelieu ribs, original price 4"
7oc and 11 00 each, selling at. present at 50c pair. ■ " .4.
75 Cents to $2.00. 4-
200 dozen of the latest designs of FANCY HOSE, in lisle thread 4-
and parted Bilk at 75c, $1 00, Jl 25. $1 50, $1 75 and $2 00 each.
LADIES' BLACK HOSE. >
At 23, Cents. it
400 dozen LADIES' FAST-BLACK IMPORTED COTTON HOSE +
real Maco, with spliced heels and soles, made up in boxes 4.
at |ll X 50 P^bgir P gaf C 25C 25c h eagg? r - WIU be "" * bOXeS >
KID GLOVES. X
At OS Cents.- : rj .-'. v >; . ' 4-
100 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HARVARD" KID GLOVES, color 4-
brown, tan oxblood. green. blue. butter, heliotrope and
at 6& apair d| gOOd ValUe for $1 °°' WIU be on special sale +
At $1,00. 4-
.64 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "REAL KID" GLOVES, colors red 4-
brown, tan mode, green, navy, butter, pearl and white also
black, good value for Jl 25 a pair, will be on sale at »i 00 a "♦"
pair.
At $I.SO a Pair. . 4-
23 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP GENUINE MOCHA GLOVES col- 4-
ore brown, oxblood, tan. mode and black, will be on sale at T
♦1 oO sl p&lr* -^-
At .
40 dozen LADIES' 3-CLASP "DENT'S" GENUINE FRFVTTT
KID. GLOVES, colors red. tan. mode brown gree? E blue* >
sr?n's?i. w . hh t lt Si"*- regular prtce »°° a paiK will ♦
I . - 4-
1 1 : ; " '4-
\M[f Murphy Building-, m
lildiiul Qilll uUliuS Streets.
■♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
BAILSC TBAVE3L,
•ODTHKKIT PA( IKIC con ■> ANY.
(PACiria BVSTKM.)
Trnlns lrn»« nml nrc «in* tt> nrrlve i»»
MAN PHAN<:iM«.'O. . .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
liays — From Dec. It, 1898. — arrive
•«:OO* Niloe. Sao Jose sod Way Stotions... *Bi4Sa
7:O«a Hf iilcia, Suisuu and Sacramento 4:43
?iU«a Marjsvilie, OroTilleaud KeddluE via
Woodland 3t4Bp
"JiOOa Klmira, Vaoaville and Rumsey . »i4sp
?:3«a Martinei, San Itamon,Valie}o. Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 41i15p
•:OOa Atlantic Express. ()g>leii and Kast.. SilSp
• iii!l«*H»ii ,li«f LiTermore, Stock Urn,
lone, Sacramento, Flacerrille,
JUrysTille, Chioo, He I ll. ml 4il»r
«■»«( *Miltun, Oakdale and Jamestown... 4tlSp
9:««a Martinez, Tmcy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno ISiISp
»:O«a Fresno, UakersHeld. Santa lUrliarn.
Los Angeles, Demlof, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East..' 6:4 p
lOiOOa. VaJk-jo, Martinez and Way Stations ?>43r
Dli4M>m Miles, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoU, Hanford, Vlsalla, ." -■*■'-
PcrteniUe..... 4tlS?
■I:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers *8<«0r
«:IMH- Martinez, Hail lUmoii, Valleju,
Nana, Ualiit»«a, Sauta ltosa VilSa
4sO»p Benioia, Vaca«llle, Hacrain«iito, .
Wouilland, Kuigbts Landing,
MsrrsTille, Ororllli) IO:4Sa
4 :8 Or Nllee, San Jose aud Stockton 7:1
S:OOpSsn Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited. Fresno, BakersQeld, Los
Augtilea 0:45 v
StBop Stockton, Merced, Fresno ISilSp
3:30p Manluez, Traoy, Meodota, Fresno,
Mojave, Saul a Jlarbara and I, us
Aninten... •:*.-»»
113i30p Pnclnc Coast Limited. El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East,. §6:43p
3iBor Santa Fa Uimta, Atlantic Koreas
for Moja?e ami Kant 8:43p
8iO«»r ICuropeitn Mail, () ,!^i. and Kast.... «i 4r )A
O:O«i i Haywards, Kilts and Ban Jose 7:45 a
•«:O«r Vall«Jo ISil3p
J7: OOp Voile jo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions .'........ t»i43r
SiUt»p Oregon i:<|ir«Mi,Maor«nieiito. Maryn-
villa. Ue<l.liii , r.irtUml, I'nget
Sound ami Kast Bilsa
nlOrO-ir Sunset Limited. Fresno, l.os
Angeles, £1 Paso. New Orleans
ana Bast ..■:.. M:4sp
SAN LKAM'ItO ASV lU¥WAUI>S LOCAL '
[Foot of Market Street.)
Metro**, Seniimtrj Park, (
SiOOa l-'lMihßrir, Ktmlianit, 6:45 a
>»>OOa San l.eaailrn, .South .in (*1>:15 A
• lO.AOa l,(-andro. 1 stmlillo, 10:4.tA
tll:»«A liorenxo, Cherry - 12:15p
»s««p ,,1 <l:4.tp
SiOttp HsTTmrili (3:4Sp
7ioop 4 81111 , through to ,le6, Ie6 7145p
■ ) t From Nllas. {
(OAST DIVISION (Nr.rrorr flange). "
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
8:13 a Newark. Ontar»llle,BanJoae,F«>l ton,
Boulder Creek,SantaOrui and Way
Stations.. 3t3or
•2: 1 Newark, CeaterTllle, San Jose. New "
Almadep, Felton, Boulder Creek,.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.... »IO:3Oa
4 : 1 .t r Newark. San .Tone and Los Gatos... 9:30 a
t11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations ;7:aOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN KIKOISCO— foot of HUrkit Strut iS. m 81 —
♦7:15 9:00 , U:oiu.u. Jl:00 *3:30 13:90
•i:O5 tS:CO '8:00 r.M.
Jrsiu 01IUID— »! Broadway. — "«:00 8:00 10:00*. H.
1 12:00 '1:00 -■■ . 13:00 .... '3:03 11:00 ■ ;8:00p.»«.
COAST DIVISION ( Broad linage).
(Third and Townsond St«.) ■
7:»Oa Han Jose anil Way S'.hMhiis (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) lt»Or
9:00 a Han ,|..mt, 'J'r« I'likm. Hnnt.i Cruz,
Pacific (Jrnre, l'asu Unties, Bau
Luis Ol>in|!«>. Gusdalupe, .iurf and
l*rinei|ial War iSt.tti.ms 4tlOr
10:40 a Ban .lose and Way SUtlmis.. .'......* »S:OOa
lIiSOa San J<>se an.l Way .Stations....... 8:33 a
*st:-l3r-qan M»t»«, R .lwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
tilir.,jr, Holllster, Mania Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and racillc
nrrt»e ..• »lO:a6A
•3:SOi- Man Jose and Way Stations »9:OOa
•I:I3i- San Joseaml Principal Way Stations ' »:4.'»» ,
•s:OOpBanJosftandFrinoir>al Way Stations «:».tA
.1:80 p San. lose an.l Prlnoi|>»l Way (Stations 3:30p
•:»Or San Jose and W»y Stations. .....'... 7:So
t11:43e San Joaeaixl Way Stations 1:3 Or
, A for Mornins. I" for Afternoon.
• Snnnavi evrrpte.l. ♦ Sundays only.- ♦ Hatnrilays only
•[Mondays and Thurndayi. nT\i<-»tiajt «nd Saturdays. .
«Saturdity«and Wfftinesdays. tThumd*ys and Snmlays
The PArirU'TIUSSI'KRt'OMI'AJir
win call for and check baggage from hotels and resi-
fences. -• Enquire of Ticket AgeuU for Time Cards and
othrr information. _.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, s commencing . Suadav
Sept. 11, 1898: - *
Week Days— a. in., 1:45 p. m. •
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:80 a. m.. 1:18 a. as. ,
Round trip from Mill Valley, fa.-
THOS. COOK r A SON, Agents, <tt Haittt
street, Bux rxmncUco. _ . . r; ■:.:--■: ,-.-j
if If Murphy Building, M -*■
Martet ami Jones Streets. \
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CiLIFOBNU NORTBVESTEBN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
wjrj3ps?°,K s >?£ rSSFw
♦,1 -,'n- 6:30 p - m - Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trips at 1 00
and 11:30 p. m.
S DA B:O °- 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30.
o:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m ; 1245
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
I:sa and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40 3:40.
5:00, 6.25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game schedule as above.
Leave j Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
: — October 16, .
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun j Week
Days. | days. Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami ' Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
5:10 pm s:oopm| Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsbursr,
Lytton, X
Geyserville,
3:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm!
3:30 pm I 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am ; B:4oam
v,": | and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm| 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastopol. j 10 :40 am 10-25 am
3:3Opm| s:oopm | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring's; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs
Highland Springs,. Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, . Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Luke, Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buckneil's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Booneville Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brag?.
Westport, Usal. Willltts, Laytonville, Cum-
ming's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*
H. C. WHITING, ,-.,.< • R. X. RYAN. '
General Manager.- Gen. Pass. Agent.
WORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry. ■
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAJULET.
AND SAM RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, •9:30, U:l» a. m.; n:«i.
8:46. 6:16. •6:00, 4:80 p. m. . •
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael en Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •10:00, "U:*J a. m.; n:UL ■
; 1:00, *4:80. 6:16 p. m.
: Trains marked • run to San Quentln. .
FROM SAN RAFAF.L TO SAN FRANCISCO.
rrSEK DAYS— S:26. *6:35. 7:45. •9:39 a. m.j
•11:20, 2:20. *3:45, 5:06 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS m Mondays, Wednead&ya
and Saturdays at 6:40 [.. re. - . - -
SUNDAYS— «:2O, •8:00 V n0:00t *U:65 a. nxj
•1:11. n:M. 4:4*. »«:20 p. m. *
Trains marked * start trom San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:65. (1:40 a. niTs
12:36. 1:45 8:50, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
,BUNDAYS-8:0Q, 10:06 a. m.; U:O6. 1:20, Jj».
l:». 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:10 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturday.*— Duncan Mills and was
stations. . ...
titt a. m. Sunday*— Duncan Mills and way eta' a,
THE SAN : FRANCISCO i AND SAN JCAQUIH
v VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.::
From Nov. 10. IS9B, trains will run as follows:
' South-bound. 1 North- bound.
Fassen- Mixed. ■ "*-• IS^? 1 - Paasen-
Iff. Sunday Sunday ■ axt
Daily. EWptd Stations. Exc ptd Dally.
1:10 am I' 1 ••0 am Stockton 1:45 pm 5:50 pm
10:10 ami 2:o6pm Merced 13:40pm 4:o3ptn
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno »:30am 2:32pm
12:38 pm] 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:15 pra
3:2opm 12: am Bakersfleld 2:3Uam 11:25 am
12:58 pm 8:50 pm Vlsalla 6:4o ami 1.16 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager" ■ Office. 821 Market
L street. Sao Francisco.
56
ifii • tlHTi* 01 /^^©^^Kjirr- ail %1f I I
SATURDAY DECEMBER 24, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ' : '-'7 T *
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftft* House !
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street. open until 1
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open urjtll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market '
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open ,
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana '
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- '.
AMUSLMhNU
Colombia— "A Parlor Match."
California— "O'Brien, the Contractor."
Alcazar— •'Humbug."
Tlvoll— "The Yellow Dwarf."
MoroEco's — "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
Comedy— "A Bunch of Keys."
The Chutes-Gorilla Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla — Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races To-day.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo, Sunday.
Metropolitan Hall— Rosenthal J'iano Recital. Tuesday even-
Ing, January 3.
MAS MR. PHELON BEEN HEFTING
0G0IN?
CERTAIN shrewd lawyers have made to the
officers of the various counties of California a
proposition to collect from the State a sum due
as a commission on the collection of State taxes. It
is a considerable sum; enough in the aggregate to
embarrass the State treasury- The lawyers are not
working for love, nor with a view to the promotion
of health. In iact, they are trying to dispose of a
gold brick. They ask a percentage, reaching up to a
certain sum, to half the amount collected, and be
yond this they are willing to accept less. This is good
of them. Even if moderately successful, each lawyer
in the lot can retire with a fortune.
It is strange that the authorities cannot see through
a scheme so transparent. It is more than strange
that public business cannot be conducted at least as
adroitly as the individuals guiding it would look after
their own affairs. Imagine Mayor Phelan, for in
stance, permitting a lawyer to direct his private con
cerns and paying him a handsome commission for
taking money from one pocket and putting it in
another.
California is not prepared to meet the claims
threatened to be brought against it. The only way
in which they could be met would be through the
levying of taxes. Any county recovering from the
State would simply have to reimburse the common
wealth, and do it with the knowledge that commis
sions aggregating, as nearly as can be estimated,
$700,000. will pass into the pockets of attorneys, whose
only object in instigating the suits is to get this com
fortable reward. The inevitable result will be that
the counties will be obliged to make good to the
State not only the thousands recovered, but the other
thousands consumed in fees. Thus there will be no
gain, but a distinct loss.
The Mayor of San Francisco is aiding and
abetting the lawyer?. He did not devote to the
proposition the consideration its importance merited.
He merely hefted the chances, and fell into error.
This county is more deeply concerned than any
other. It has more money at stake. Here the law
yers would make their richest haul, and the necessity
of an extra tax would be more heavily felt than in
any other quarter. Nevertheless the Mayor seems
to think that in winning a suit against the State there
would be a triumph. How does he figure it out?
TEARING UP PAVEMENTS.
PLAINT has occasionally been made heretofore
of the passion of corporations for tearing up
pavement. The sight of a good, smooth sur
face produces a peculiar effect upon those who have
the privilege of digging ditches in the thoroughfares.
While a street is covered with cobbles, or presents a
t< p of virgin earth, it docs not constitute a tempta
tion. Let it be graded, given a coat of bituminous
rock, and immediately an army with axes and picks
appears to assault it. It is chopped, stabbed, turned
bottom up, wheeled to one side, where it forms a pile
of debris; it is sundered lengthwise, crosswise,
carved in angles, curve*, unclassified rent?. Then the
debris is. with more or less pretense of care, placed
back, leaving a scar which is never effaced, while the
army, shouldering its weapons, marches away to new
conquests. In time this sort of thing becomes irri
tating.
.Wither is the work done completely at one swoop.
Perchance there is some perfect surface left, and this
is reserved for a second assault. The corporations do
not wish to appear too eager in demolition. They ac
complish their object by stages. Their plan is simi
lar to that of the humane man who, having to ampu
tate the tail of a dog, essayed to avoid cruelty by
cutting off a piece every day.
It is certainly strange that the impulse to lay pipes
comes only after there is a pavement to be marred
and probably to be ruined by the operation. The work
could surely be better done after the paving had been
ordered, done with less expense to the corporations
and less cost and annoyance to the taxpayers, who
really do not buy pavements for the mere sake of
having them destroyed.
The Grand Jury has made bold to suggest that the
nickcl-in-the-slot machine is not a promoter of virtue.
And yet people in their blindness have sometimes
wondered what the Grand Jury is for.
I would seem that the books of the Standard Oil
people just happened to be burned at the time there
was occasion to refer to them. Accidents will occur.
Spain's soldiers might as well have died fighting.
They will die, anyhow, before reaching their native
shores, and no glory.
The very least to be required of the Fuhrig woman
is that she acquire a degree of skill making her less
fatal.
Hobson is deserving of every honor short of
kisses-
THE CONSTITUTION OUTGROWN.
THROUGHOUT the discussion of expansion,
from the annexation of Hawaii to the conquest
of the Philippines, a feeble attempt has been
made to defend that policy on constitutional grounds.
No argument of that kind so far made has appealed
to constitutional lawyers. The late Judge Cooley ex
pressly denied constitutional warrant for colonial ac
quisition. Ex-Senator Edmunds and Senator Hoar
take the same view. Indeed, the constitutional ar
gument is so obviously against taking and holding
these tropical conquests that its advocates are aban
doning that view entirely.
In a speech this week at the banquet of the New
England Society General Merritt said: "We have
outgrown the constitution. It is not worth while to
discus? it." That is a very short statement of a very
great matter. It should be soundly pondered by the
American people. It is the declaration of a soldier
that our Federal constitution is obsolete and beneath
the courtesy of discussion! A year ago no major
general of the United States army, no soldier in uni
form, would have dared make such a declaration. It
is an expression of military contempt for civil gov
ernment. It shows that the same spirit is in most
military men that was in Alaric the Goth, Attila the
Hun, and many leaders of armies from the beginning.
That spirit has been roused by the appointment of
Military Governors for these tropical islands, who are
to rule by the force of a great army backing them.
Our Government was organized so as to subordinate
the military to the civil power. There can be no war
without a declaration by the civil authority, vested in
Congress. The constitution provides that Congress
shall raise and support armies, but shall make no ap
propriation for that purpose longer than a term of
two years, and that Congress shall have the power to
provide a navy and make rules and regulations for the
government of the land and naval forces. Such au
thority in the civil government has always chafed
military commanders, and they have seldom failed to
overthrow it when a state of war gave them the op
portunity.
The advocates of imperialism in Congress have al
ready addressed the country fervidly upon the exten
sion of our institutions and the blessings of our form
of government to the tropical races. But it must not
be forgotten that those institutions and blessings have
their origin in the constitution, and nowhere else.
Withdraw that, and they fall with it. They can no
longer exist at home, nor be extended abroad. Obso
lete the constitution, and every judicial court ceases
to be. Every judicial safeguard of person and prop
erty falls to the ground. All the civil rights enjoyed
by our people cease when their source, the constitu
tion, ceases to be.
Under these circumstances this soldier comes home
after three weeks in Manila to inform us that we have
outgrown the constitution, which no longer merits
discussion! This can only mean that the country has
grown out of its organic and fundamental law, and
that it has cast off its form of civil government like
a worn-out garment. But this major-general does not
suggest that in outgrowing the constitution we have
grown into another form of civil government. Our
old constitution having ceased to deserve respect or
discussion, the titular military Governor General of
the Philippines, the successor of Weyler in those
islands, who informs us of the fact, does not suggest
that we have clothed us in the more abundant gar
ments of another form of civil government. A sol
dier's sword follows and cuts where his word has
gone before. Having uttered the word of disrespect
and contempt for our civil government, he does not
compromise his military position and view by indi
cating that any other form of civil power is installed
in its place. Granting his judgment good as to the
failure and outgrowth of the fundamental law, noth
ing is left but military government by the army, or
civil and social chaos.
At the close of our Revolution there was a great
commander at the head of the Continental army. It
was plastic in his hands, and the country was ready
tc accept what he dictated. There was no constitution
to limit him. no ar hority equal to the task of curb
ing his army or subordinating it to the civil power.
A Continental Congress had made him the head of the
army without limit to his commission. But that com
mander had a conscience and a patriotic spirit, which
supplied the limitations that were externally lacking.
Meeting the Continental Congress in session in the
old Courthouse at Annapolis, a body feeble in power
and authority, that would have dispersed at a wave of
his sword. Washington handed that sword back and
resigned the commission which gave him the right
to bear it.
When Mifflin, the President of that Congress, re
ceived Washington's sword and commission, the civil
power advanced to primacy of "the military power, the
foundation of the constitution was laid, and the in
stitutions of freedom were planted thereon.
In less than six score years from that scene we are
told by a professional soldier that we have no civil
government and freedom no foundation!
THE GRfIND JURY FAILURE
THE adjournment of the Grand Jury without ac
tion upon the School Board scandals is merely
a repetition of the history of this county inquisi
tion during many years past. The failure of justice
again emphasizes anew what has often been said, that
the Grand Jury system is a complete failure. In the
days of its usefulness it is said to have served as a
barrier between tyranny and the people, but as a
modern means of prosecuting crime, investigating
public officials and bringing the guilty ones to justice,
it has fallen into the contempt of all thoughtful
people.
The members of the present Grand Jury say they
have been unable to obtain any conclusive evidence of
crookedness in the Board of Education. Yet it would
seem to the casual observer that if they had merely
followed up the publications in the newspapers they
could not have failed to indict several of the ring.
Grand Juries need not set themselves tip as sticklers
for legal evidence. When they know that crime has
been committed they can exclude the usually luke
warm District Attorney from their presence and find
indictments to fit the case.
It is a fact, however, that grand juries are ordinar
ily made up of politicians, and business men on the
verge of politic?, who respond promptly to the "pull"
of the tax-eating classes. A few virtuous members
upon a Grand Jury cannot swny the majority, who
are interested personally in shielding criminals and
preventing scandal. When the District Attorney is
indifferent or neglectful his office becomes an instru
ment for preventing the indictment of political crim
inals, and so the whole machinery of the law is
thrown into confusion, and the Grand Jury adjourns.
as this one has adjourned, acknowledging itself help
less and impotent.
We do not know whether there is any remedy for
this or not. If the Superior Judges were to name for
a while grand jurors who were outside the politick
influence of the City Hall, and would place upon
every Grand Jury two or three lawyers of courage
and integrity, they would soon find that results would
be forthcoming. The trouble is that grand jurors un
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1893.
learned in the law are unable to frame indictments
without assistance and the District Attorney will not
had them.
A Grand Jury or two constituted as we have sug
gested would make things exceedingly sultry at the
City Hall instead of generally making a poor quality
of politics. Why do not the Judges try the experi
ment ?
THE EXTORTIONS OF EXPRESS
COMPANIES.
A MOVEMENT has been started by the Mer
chants' Association of New York to procure
some form of regulation of express companies
to put an end to the extortions they now practice
upon the public. The promoters of the movement are
vigorous men and are making an active campaign for
the proposed reform.
From reports that come to us it appears the pur
pose of the agitation is to obtain legislation bringing
express companies, like railways, under the control of
the Railroad Commissioners of the several States;
and. in addition thereto, the association declares an
intention "to bend all the energies of the mercantile
class of the United States to substitute for the ex
press companies an efficiently organized fast freight
service, which can perform practically the same func
tions as the express companies at far less cost."
Commenting upon the excessive rates charged by
the express companies the New York Herald says:
"It is alleged by the association that this charge is
sometimes valued so low as 4 cents for individual
shipments, and sometimes as high as several dollars
for the same work, the rate being lowered where there
is competition with local carriers and inordinately ad
vanced where this does not exist. It is asserted that
where the railway companies get $1 44 for carrying
about one hundred pounds a distance of nine hundred
miles, the terminal charges of the express companies
upon the same package are $2 17."
It is worth noting that while the Merchants' Asso
ciation support their movement by strong reasons
drawn from the extortionate rates of the companies,
the immediate cause of the agitation and the revolt
against the extortion is the action of the companies
ii: shirking the war tax and shifting it upon the pub
lic. The merchants are reported as saying they had
long been oppressed by the companies, and this last
exaction exhausted their powers of endurance.
Whether the plans proposed by the association for
relief are the best that could be adopted is doubtful.
Regulation by State Railroad Commissioners might
be beneficial in New York, but we despair of it in
California. Nor is the probability of railroad com
panies furnishing fast freights sufficiently strong to
be encouraging. A better plan would be to ask of the
General Government a statute placing express com
panies, like railways, under the control of the Inter
state Commerce Commission and the adoption of a
parcels post system similar to that which prevails in
the more progressive countries of Europe.
Under any circumstances, however, the New York
agitation merits support throughout the country.
The Merchants' Association and the Chamber of
Commerce in this city, as well as similar bodies
throughout the State, should cordially co-operate with
the movement so auspiciously begun. No express
company in the Union has been more greedy, grasp
ing, disloyal and unpatriotic than that which operates
in this State and plunders the public under the direc
tion of a p?alm-singing Pecksniff who swindles all
the week by tax-shirking and makes a farce of religion
by dropping a nickel in the contribution-box on
Sunday.
New York has the honor of leading the way, but
San Francisco should get into line at once and help
her to make the fight and win it.
NOT HAMPERED BY PRECEDENT.
LAWYERS declare that for the case of Cheese
man, an Oakland murderer, the records of the
courts afford no precedent. For this the
tribunal before which the man is to be tried ought to
be grateful.
Doubtless precedents are often useful, but that in
many instances they are pernicious and work injustice
is equally certain. As times and customs and standards
change, it is hardly reasonable to submit to the guid
ance of fusty opinions, filed by men dead now for gen
erations, who may not have been master minds when
at their prime and whose opinions may have been
based on a misconception of right and equity. Ap
parently the fact that an opinion becomes embalmed
in a book is often regarded as sufficient to give it a
value. The modern Judge cons the decision dug up
from centuries past, and dares not say his soul is his
own.
But if there is no precedent to rule in the Cheese
man matter the difficulty of giving the prisoner a
fair trial will be reduced to a minimum. Cheeseman.
in pursuance of a habit of killing people, a style of
amusement appealing to his fancy, shot a resident of
Oakland fatally and wounded some others. He was
sent to an asylum, where the professional experts de
clared he was sane and had never been otherwise, and
said in effect that his impulse to slay was due to a
vicious tendency which should be repressed by more
rigorous methods than detention in a comfortable
asylum.
We have no desire to have the law applied with un
due harshness. The fact that Cheeseman knew enough
to pretend, with temporary success, to be crazy, is
evidence, that he is of sound mind. Therefore, in the
absence of hampering precedent, there ought not
to be any particular delay in hanging the fellow.
Something of this kind must be done, or the escape
of Rosser will come to be regarded as the ruling pre
cedent, and assassins in California follow their voca
tion without hindrance.
fICCURfITE MARKET REPORTS.
AS to the accuracy of its market reports, The
Call has not been wont to boast, as these mat
ters speak for themselves and are well under
stood among commercial men.
It is not often that the market report of any paper
comes before a court and there receives judicial com
mendation, not only as being superior to the reports
of other papers, but as absolutely reliable and virtually
official.
The matter recently came before Judge Ogden of
Oakland. As to the subject of controversy there is
no interest here. Enough to say that a witness,
Walter G. Manuel, testified that the prices as quoted
IT The Call were gathered- by competent reporters
who daily visit the wharves, warehouses and com
mission houses. "The prices," said Mr. Manuel, "are
published in the big dailies, but The Call is most ac
curate in the matter."
Such was the view of the court, and in accordance
with it a case of considerable importance was decided.
An attorney attempted to make it appear that The
Call's reports were hearsay statements, but the court
failed to indorse the view, on the contrary saying,
"Such reports are better and more reliable than the
testimony of one who has actually made a purchase."
The question will soon be decided as to whether or
not Mrs. Botkin is a hypnotist
A RARE CONCESSION FOR GREAT BRITAIN.
The assurance that the Government of
Great Britain has given or Is about to
give instructions to her representative in
Washington to enter upon negotiations
with the United States Government for
the abrogation of the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty and the making of a new treaty
will be received with satisfaction, mixed
with surprise, by most people familiar
with her previous unalterable attitude
toward the question.
For nearly fifty years England has in
sisted upon the validity of that treaty
and the observance of its provisions by
the United States Government and peo
ple, though she has come far short of
living up to them herself or of even at
tempting to make certain energetic land
grabbers claiming to be her subjects or
acting under her authority to do so.
For nearly twenty years the British
Ministry has diplomatically fenced off all
attempts on the part of this Government,
through Mr. Blame and his successors, to
bring about this now graciously con
ceded result. The treaty was made in
Washington in 1850 by Mr. Clayton and
Sir Henry Bulwer, under conditions that
have long since ceased to exist, and to
carry out certain definite objects for
which a concession had been obtained by
the United States by a treaty with
Nicaragua, made the year before— that is,
the building of a canal from ocean to
ocean along what was known as the
Nicaraguan route. This last treaty,
among other things, provided that work
should be begun and the canal completed
within certain limits of time.
The financial condition of this country
at the time precluded the idea of our un
dertaking- a work of such magnitude and
of such enormous prospective cost with
out aid from the more bountifully filled
money chests of Europe. So to obtain the
necessary funds overtures were made in
England, which finally resulted in the
making of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
This, In substance, placed Great Britain
and the United States on an equal foot
ing as to the enjoyment of the privileges
of the concc'ssion which the United States
had already obtained from Nicaragua,
and of the canal which was to be built
under it, and at the same_tirne bound
each and both of the high contracting 1
parties to abstain from all effort and any
attempt either by treaty or force of arms
to obtain any privileges or rights or ac-
quire any territory in any of the Central
American States in which the other was
not to have an equal share.
The time limit fixed by the treaty of
COMMISSIONERS SAY
BALLOTS ARE VOID
PISTOLESI WILL NOT WEAK
JUDICIAL EBMINK
By This Decision Byington May Lose
His Election as Supervisor
of the Seventh.
Garret McEnerney yesterday morning
rendered to the Election Commissioners
an opinion which, if the courts uphold it,
will make a difference of one in the Demo
cratic minority of the incoming Board of
Supervisors, and by a vote of 2 to 1 the
Commissioners upheld him.
The commission met yesterday morning,
with members Block and Tilton absent,
and they came together with the express
intention of hearing the opinion of Mr.
McEnerney on the plea of Attorney P.
Pistolesi for the counting of the votes cast
for nominees for the unexpired terms on
the Superior bench. As a result of the
meeting, Mr. Pistolesi will not wear the
Judicial ermine even for a day, and By
ington may be compelled to give up hia
supervisorial seat to the Republican con
testant, Dr. Kearney.
From the beginning of the official can
vass of the vote of the recent election the
Commissioners have fought shy of the
"unexpired term." There were numerous
votes cast, though the unexpired offices
did not appear on the ballot, choices for
the positions being written in in lead
pencil on the tickets, and Pistolesi was
the recipient of most of them. Up to the
day that the result of the recount was
declared he kept up a demand for the
counting of the ballots, by which he
I claimed he had been elected, and on
Thursday evening the Commissioners de
cided to test his case by calling in Mr.
McEnerney.
Mr. McEnerney's opinion was short and
very much to the point. He said that
Pistolesi was not a lawful candidate and
that any vote cast for him was void. He
contended that the election proclamation
issued by the Governor made no call for
the election of some one to fill the office
of Superior Judge for the unexpired term,
and, moreover, no such office was desig
nated on the official ballot. But Mr. Mc-
Enerney went further than this. He said
that any vote upon which Plstolesi's name
was written was invalid and must be
! thrown out of the count entirely, and if
! this opinion be backed by the courts the
contest filed by Dr. Kearney against By
lngton may win out for him. As it is at
present, he is just eighty-four votes be
hind and it is known that forty-one of
the votes cast for Pistolesi in his own
district were also voted for Byington. In
i case the courts abide by the opinion of
! Mr McEnerney, this number will be more
! than enough to throw Byington out of
Before adjourning the Commissioners
resolved to begin the count of votes for
the unexpired term at 9:30 o'cluck this
morning. _
ANOTHER VICTIM OF
THE KLONDIKE CRAZE
HE CAME FROM FAR BOHEMIA
TO SEARCH FOR GOLD.
Disappointed and Broken in Health,
Adolphus TJrvalek Sent a Bul
let Into His Brain.
Adolphus Urvalek, a patient In ward
B, City and County Hospital, committed
suicide yesterday morning by shooting
himself through the head. The weapon
used was a 41-callber Colt's revolver, the
property of Urvalek, which by gross
carelessness on the part of the hospital
management, he was allowed to retain.
Uryalek left the following note, written
in lead pencil In a very neat hand:
22, 12. '9°.
Dear Sir: Because of general ill-health I de
sire to put an end to my existence. I am only
pqrry that I am to do so in this Institution
where I received a graceful hospitality. But
I was unable to leave.
X thank you, therefore, sincerely, as well aa
Dr. Brigham and other doctors who kindly
attended on me.
My best wishes and prosperity for all.
Kindly send Immediately for my friend, Mr.
F Thorleuchter. Scott street, 112, nr. Halgnt,
city and deliver him my letter with his ad
dress on my table, B 29, my body equally at
his disposal. Yours sincerely,
A. URv AIjEK..
Mr Thorleuchter of 112 Scott street was
notified of the death of his friend. He
called at the Morgue and said he and
Urvalek shipped from Liverpool last
March and went direct to the Klondike,
but with different parties. In the search
for placer diggings they lost all their
gold coin without finding any gold nug
gets, and they returned to this city,
Urvalek putting up at the Golden West
Hotel. He was sick and had sustained
an injury to his leg, and on August 6 was
removed to the City and County Hospital
for treatment.
The suicide was a clerk by occupation.
31 years old. a native of Bohemia and of
good family.
Stanton Failed to Appear.
The case of Dr. Ragan, School Director,
charged by D. E. Stanton with soliciting
a bribe, was set for a hearing before
Judge Low yesterday afternoon at 2
o'clock. At that hour the defendant and
his attorneys— Foote, Terry and Dwyer—
were on hand, but the court room was
1849 between the United States and Nlca-
ragua for the completion of the canal ex-
pired before the work was even begun.
and so the very "raison d'etre" of the
Clayton - Bulwer treaty ceased to exist.
Though doing nothing contrary to the
provisions and agreements of that treaty
the Government of the United States has
ever since maintained that it was no
longer valid, but voidable at her own op
tion.
This fact was insisted upon by Mr.
Elaine in ISSI and by Mr. Frelinghuysen
in ISS4 with other able arguments, among
which was that Great Britain herself had
persistently and insfstently violated the
provisions of the treaty in occupying and
extending her occupation over a large part
of the Central American States of Hon
duras. Great Britain in reply has always
maintained that the treaty was in force
and that she had done nothing contrary
to its stipulations. She has been entirely
unwilling to surrender any point under the
treaty or admit any argument that would
tend to lessen the prospect of her control
ling or sharing in the control of the Nl
caraguan route. On this she has long had
her eye.
The expedition which sacked and burned
the city of Leon Nicaragua, in 16(!5 re
vealed to Great Britain the value of the
lake for a line of inter-oceanic communi
cation and was the beginning of a series
of efforts to seize and control it. The
leader of the expedition said that 'lie val
ued the booty captured as nothing in com
parison to the knowledge he had obtained
of the lakes and the country between the
two oceans" and that he proposed re
turning to Ometepec (the volcanic island
in Lake Nicaragua) "to form communica
tion between the north and south seas and
control it therefrom." Both before and
after this the buccaneers who made their
headquarters at Bluefields and who were
mostly under English leaders had the
countenance of the British officials.
After the capture of Jamaica by the
British in 1G55 systematic efforts wore
made to control the transit trade through
Nicaragua. Treaties were made with the
Indian tribes along the Atlantic Coast
and settlements were established at
points between Cape Graclos a Dios and
the Bocas del Toro, while the Bluefields
buccaneers were encouraged and protect
ed with a view to paving the way to a
British protectorate. Every Inch and
point so gained has been tenaciously held
and used to block the way to any project
for control or improvement of route in
which she did not share.
Two reasons may be assigned for Great
Britain's sudden change of attitude. Eith
er she has lately become imbued with a
wholesome respect for the growing power
and importance of the United States and
wishes to make a big bid for our friend
ship by conceding what she must sooner
or later surrender anyhow, or she ex
pects by her diplomacy to secure under
proposed new treaty for her commercial
and other interests everything, and more,
than she would have under the Clayton-
Bulwer agreement, and that without cost
to herself.
locked. They waited around for about
fifteen minutes, when Clerk Haskins ap
peared and explained that Prosecuting
Attorney Reynolds had in the morning
asked the Judge for a continuance of the
case till this morning. Stanton was not
in court at the time. The attorneys were
furious and there will be trouble this
morning.
PRESIDIO HOSPITAL.
Liberal Allowance of Money by the
Government — First Troop Utah
Volunteer Cavalry
The Secretary of War, through Quar
termaster General Ludington, U. S. A.,
has authorized the chief quartermaster
of the Department of California to expend
$113,339 on the new military hospital to be
erected on the Presidio reservation. This
sum is two-fold greater than the amount
originally allowed and will enable the
erection of a building- sufficiently kirgo 'o
meet the demands of the service in thi»
department. The quartermaster generuj
of the army appreciates the importance
of the Presidio reservation. The decision
to provide adequate and permanent hos
pital accommodations speaks well for his
Intelligence.
Paymaster Downing 1 paid the Utah troop
of Cavalry at the Presidio yesterday. The
troopers received their travel pay on the
muster out and ivill leave for their respec
tive homes to-night. The Utah troopers
did not get to Santiago or Manila, but
they rendered excellent service in the
field of patrol duty in the mountains. In
a soldierly manner they accepted the as
signment of duty anu reflected credit on
the volunteer army and the State of Utah.
A board of survey was convened at the
Presidio yesterday to inspect the horses
turned in to the post quartermaster by
the First Troop, Utah Cavalry.
Rough on the Fishermen.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Davis and
Low went up the river on a sturgeon
gear raid on Thursday, and the result of
their efforts caused several fishermen to
wish them anything but a merry Christ
mas. Off in the bay opposite Martinez
and the Nevada docks over twenty sec
tions of illegal gear were confiscated, be
sides a number of valuable anchors.
While tho ruid %vas in progress the fisher
men stood on the wharves and cursod the
deputies ln all of the principal Latin lan
guages of Europe. This kind of fishing
apparatus is very expensive and its loss
is severely felt by the owners.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Un*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Oorreapondlag With Aay tf tta TtUvwimg Firms Flew* Mention "Th» Call."
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOENlNG.^'gdw^ supplied.
Will' JVfIU-nlKlL 639 Broadway.
_ _______
BELTING.
Ln fU.T.rw Manufacturer of Belting
1. UEUCn, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear.. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS. ;
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work. •
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045. _ ■
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.,
342 to 350 Oeary Street,. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RDIPN * CflVC— Makers and Dealers In
DKltn _ Landaus, Hacks. Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San' Francisco. ,
COAL. COKE and PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET. ,
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS & CO., practical- coppersmiths,
mfr'a of sheet copper and tubing. Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed, r •■. ,:
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA? RftYFS * C(\ Sh'PPlnß Butchers. 104
JA3- OUI-3 (I WU,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS
A1 1 A I £\ Hunters' - Equipments, Fishing
I- II IUX. Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIIJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
',T-*T '*■ 739 Market; street. / ; ■ ;
___________
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., l m porters Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
\ IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton fi Hedley. Props,. :
234 Fremont St." Castings of Erery Da.
Bcriotion Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
: -■ - iiWHJTii">TTi f ■mw_i'jiWiH>>_ kimy. l'lMffcwii _ v ■_> '.m i iii~l
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. G. D. Marion of Blue Lake is at the
Grand.
H. Swinburne of England Is a guest at
the Palace.
George Wiley of Port Costa is registered
at the Grand.
Charles A. Adams, U. S. N., is a guest
at the Palace.
John Baker Jr. of Los Angeles is stay
ing at the Lick.
M. O. Harrison of Portland is regis
tered at the Palace.
B. F. Hartley, a mining man from Los
Angeles, is at the Grand.
E. Wendr.agel and wife of Chicago are
staying at the Occidental.
V. D. Gross of Denver is among the
guests at the Occidental.
Ellis Johnson, a well-known grain-raiser
of Stockton, is at the Lick.
G. A. Blesingame and wife of Fresno
are staying at the Grand.
George W. Farley of the Eureka Stand
ard is in town for the holidays.
W. A. Rankin and wife of Bakersfleld
are among the guests at the Lick.
Bank Commissioner B. J>. Murphy of
San Jose is a gnest at the Palace.
C A. Curran. a prominent insurance
man from New York, is at the Occi
dental.
Leonard A. Crane of San Rosa, who
owns large ranching interests, is regis
terer at the Palace.
Hon. Lafe Pence, the well-known Dem
ocratic orator, accompanied by his
brother, Charles J. Pence, is at the Cali
fornia.
Charles H. Isham, a prominent mining
man from Unga, Alaska, is at the Palace.
E. M. Games, the well-known book
maker of New York, arrived at the Pal
ace yesterday. _
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— C. B. Bahcock
of San Francisco is at the Cosmopolitan:
Oscar Mevoe and family of San Francisco
are at the Normandie; F. Barthels of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman; Bishop
John P. Newman of San Francisco is at
the Murray Hill.
No Pay for Experts.
Grand Jury experts are having some
trouble in collecting pay. G. Edward
Wright, who rendered services during the
investigation of the ferry scandals, ren
dered a bill of $555 and the jurymen had
to put up $30 each out of their own pock
ets to pay him. Professor Kilpatrick, who
worked on the School Board charges, pre
sented a bill for $116, but as the jury had
spent all of its cash It was put into the
urgent necessity fund, as was the bill of
his assistant. A. W. Atherton. for $90.
Yesterday the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors declined to allow
either bill and again the jury may be
obliged to dip into its personal pocket.
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
Mrs. M. Harper, an old lady living: at
22% Seventh street, was crossing Market
and Seventh yesterday afternoon, when
she was knocked down by a furniture
wagon. She was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that her
nose was hroken.
Townsend's, 627, Palace. Closed Sundys.*
Popcorn, 3 quarts 10c. Townsend's.
1 and 2 canes in box. 10c box. Townsend's.*
1 lb chewing candy in box. 25c. Townsend.*
Our famous broken candy. 33 1 * lbs in hand
some Japanese basket, 50c. Townsend's. •
The best Xmas present: Townsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits, 50c, in fire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market st..
Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10-12. *
Thousands of packages in %, 1. 2, 3. 5
and 10 pounds of Townsend's California
glace fruits, 50 cents a pound; all ready
for shipping. Send your orders and we
can ship for you at reduced rates. 627
Market street. Palace Hotel. •
No Joke.
As we don't pay $1000 a month rent, you
can buy men's and boys' clothing, hats
and caps, neckwear, etc., for the holidays
at 25 per cent less than on Market street,
sure. L. V. Merle. "The Old I. X. L., 1 '
corner Sixth and Mission streets. •
"Speckelhorn is a real war hero."
"Him? He never got out of the coun
try."
"I know he didn't; but he hasn't worn
his uniform since he was mustered out." —
Cincinnati Enquirer.
No Christmas Table should be without a bot
tle of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters, the fin
est appetizer, Imported from South America.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Cassfmeres, Tweeds an!
Flannels. 633 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading i.ry-good3 stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO.. Agents. ,
.:. . SOI . California st
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
IIILLHITIUI IU 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS. ' ~~
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
F»I/\INO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell at.
A corps of expert tuners , and repairer*.
PRINTING. :
EC HUGHEB,snsS E^t.
• W- IHJ U II I- O, 511 Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE 306 Call-
Codes. ft\lV I KILUjJC f ornla st.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., Printers. Book- ,t., t .
IUC UIW-J-Jtlill CU-» binders. 23 First st.
TYPEWRITERS.
|§|L All Typewriters Rented.
Ss"l^gs» Few partly used for sale cheap,
gfjlffll, I AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
<|lsS|||K L. &M. ALEXANDER.
3 110 Montgomery 'street.
/ WALLPAPER. .~~" ~
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ~
T I riNHY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
1- LinUl, f un is . Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at IU
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
. Is the Best Coal ■in the Market.
. Office and Yards— 4so Main Street.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission, el. M, 6927.PEKING GETS
AWAY AFTER
MANY DELAYS
Gaelic and She Will
Race to Honolulu.
CHRISTMAS SHIP AT MANILA
ST. PAUL BEACHED THAT POET
LAST THURSDAY.
Marine Superintendent iabrett of the
Risdon Iron Works Taken
Seriously 111 on tjtie
Front.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamer
City of Peking did not get away for the
ni until late last night, while the O.
and O. Company's Gaelic sails for the
sanle ports this afternoon. There will be
a pretty race from here to Honolulu and
the chances are that the Gaelic will win.
The Peking has been delayed owing to a
crack in her shaft, which necessitated the
putting in of a new one. Yesterday she
was tried on the bay, and as everything
worked all right the vessel proceeded to
sea.
Both the Peking and Gaelic have big
passenger lists and all the freight they
<an carry. Cotton, nails, ginseng and
some other goods arrived late from the
East and were rushed aboard. For Ma
nila the Peking took away among other
things lXi casts canned goods, 100 cases
•wine, 23 packages naval stores and 2500
packages provisions. For China she had
aboard beans, flour, wheat, peas, malt and
bops.
Among the passengers by the Peking
was A. M. Brown, Marshal of the Ha
waiian Islands. It was he who bought
and paid for the British ship Falls of
Clyde and not W. Matson. The Falls of
Clyde will dock at Howard street wharf
to-day and will begin loading for Hono
lulu. On her arrival there Marshal Brown
will place her under the Hawaiian flag
and she will then become a regular island
trader.
The transport St. Paul (Christmas ship)
arrived at Manila last Thursday. When
Captain Hays was leaving here he said
he would reach the PhiPppines in plenty
ol time for the boys to get their Christ-
m nf P resent s and he kept his word. There
will be no delay in unloading the steamer
and the chances are that by to-night or
to-morrow morning every boy In blue will
he admiring the good things sent to him
from home.
Big improvements are to be made in the
Oceanic Steamship Company's Alameda
•lariposa. At the present time they
rltted with three cylinder compound
■ 8. but it is now the intention of the
my to put in new boilers and triple
Blon engines. This will give the ves
sel a great deal more boiler room and
peater speed. At the present time there
ta no better mail service in the world than
tn»t supplied the Australian colonies hv
liJL tfeanic company, but with an addi
two knots an hour added to the
of the steamers the service should
I •■ 1 • riect.
J '!V' rr T>' T**>r-ett, marine superintendent
of the Rlßdon Iron Works, is a very sick
man On rhursday last he was figuring
tr«n«f co f s V" '"•■i Mirs «" the United States
transport Scandfa. and, in company with
er and Howard, went all
the ship Mr. Tabrett was awarded
the contract, and started for the Risdon
orks. On his arrival there he was
takvii .suddenly ill and fell in a heap on
th- office Boor. I!,- was sent to his home
wenty-flrst street, and yesterday was
a little better, but Is still far from being a
Tho Austrian steamer Burma has been
Playing In hard luck. When Captain
Miokalivlch left here he did not expect
that his vessel would be twice ashore
before he got properly under way on his
homeward voyage. The Burma was
formerly under charter to the Rosen
felds to carry coal from Nanaimo, B C
tely one was secured to take a load
of wheat from Portland to St. Vincent
Cape Verde Islands, for orders, Aftor
loading at Portland she was proceeding
down the Columbia River, when she got
c. Next tido sh..- pot off, and pro-
Nanalmo, where she was to
coal. In a fnpr she pot a lore again near
Vancouver, li. <_' but again escaped wlth
njury. The- Burma has a cargo of
centals of wheat, valued at $87,722.
The bark Big Bonanza sails to-day for
Puget Sound. Captain Hercman is not
p.>inpr to be dune out of his Christmas
dinner, however, as he took away w'th
him a sucking pig. three turkeys, half a
ducks and a large supply of plum
pudding and minre pies. They are going
to fare well on that ship this voyage.
The steamer Morgan City has been
chartorfd by th<* (jovprnment to carry
provisions and supplies to Manila. Bar
neson X- Cbilcat of Seattle ar^ now the
agents for tho vessel. She has been
thoroughly overhauled and had new boll
< rs put in, and is iri first-class trim for the
voyage
First Mate P. H. Collins nf the Czarina
lias been placed in command of that ves
mporarUy, When Captain Seaman's
term of suspension is up he will resume
command of the Czarina.
John McGlnty, an insane fireman, was
brought ashore *-C3i .he steamer Ruth
yesu rdav Ticruinpr and locked up in the
City I'rlson. On the way down the coast
hf was found in the hold of the ■
trying to make a fire out of the cargo.
Bocht Files His Answer.
Oenrge J. Becht filed his answer to the
complaint recently lilc 1 by his wife, Liz
zie forrine Becht, for a divorce. Mrs.
Becbt alleges infidelity as a cause of ac
hut in turn Becht mak.-s a similar
charge-, naming several well-known citi
urespondents.
JUST WHAT
YOU WANT
IKT YOUR
Bathroom, Bedroom,
Dining-room, Nursery,
Library or Office.
Oil Heater,
..THAT HEATS..
No Odor, No Smoke, No Ashes!
Up to Date in Quality!
Down to Date in Prices!
W.W. MONTAGUE & GO.
HBADOUA RTEftS
FOR HEATING AND COOKING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS,
309 to 311 Market Street, S. F.
THE REJUVENATED WILLAMETTE.
•""pHE big collier returned to her berth at Beale street yesterday after an absence of six months. She has
I been at the Union Iron Works, where new engines and boilers were put in. The hull was overhauled, the
*• cabins fixed up, and now the Willamette is a better vessel than the day she was launched.
RELIGIOUS
CELEBRATION
OF CHRISTMAS
Music to Be Rendered
at the Churches.
SOME INTERESTING SERMONS
SOLEMN HIGH MASS TO BE CEL
EBRATED AT 5 O'CLOCK.
Exercises in Honor of the Day to Be
Concluded With a Special
Programme in the
Evening.
Extensive preparations are still being
made in the various churches throughout
i the city in anticipation of the Feast of the
; Nativity of the Savior. The principal
feature of the celebration of Christmas
; day will be the musical programmes that
: will be presented to the public at the dif
'< ferent places of worship.
At St. Brigid's Church, on Broadway
and Van Ness avenue, a solemn higli mass
will be celebrated at 11 o'clock on Christ
mas morning by the Key. John E. Cottle
as celebrant, Rev. Martin Ryan as dea
, con and the Key. Mr. MeAuliffe as sub
deacon. The sermon will be preached by
the Rev. M. Ryan.
An enlarged choir, with orchestral ac
\ companiment, under the direction of
Madame Ellen Coursen-RoeckH, will sing
the following select compositions:
■■Kyrii 1 " and "Gloria." from Mozart's Twelfth
Mass: solos by Miss Grace Sherry, soprano;
: Senorita Andrea Mojlca, contralto; Ed Lots,
I tenor, and <Jh. Pechin, baFso-cantante; "Cr»
i do," mass in G (Weber); Mme. Coursen-Koeckel
will sing the solo part; •■rfanctus" (from Gen
eralli'a mass In G) ; "O, Salutaris'" (Adams),
nolo by Ch. Pechin; "Agnus Del, " Brat mass
rGlovana); :■ ■ » i ■ . : .- l . lime. Counen-R
Benorita Mojica and Ed Lots; by kind nermis
! Blon of Manager W. H. West. Richard Vose,
. the sun etaful > -ontra-tcnor. will render sacred
■ selections at the offertory, assisted by his own
; quintet and fourteen Instrumental artists, now
lon a Of tour. The Initial number
; will be Novello's "Adeate Fideles,' by Mrs.
'■ H. Lewis and quartet; Mme. Ilneckel and
Mile Blena Hoeckel will sing the solos of
Handel's "Laudate" at the exit; orsanlßt,
: h Roetkel.
The music at Pt. Ignatius Church on Hayes
Htr<>'t will be rendered entirely by male voices,
j under the direction of Maurice W. O'Conneil.
' The following elaborate programme will be
r"d; Solemn high mass at a a. m. —
Pastrral Mass (M< rcadante-Uenerale) ; Sanr
tus anri Agnus Del, Muss in G (Gounod);
idictui iHattista di Falconara); Offertory,
: Chriatiis est Nobla <M*l\'l>; AdPste Fideles
i (Novello); Kyrie, Gloria and Credo, Mass of
I St. Michael (De Vecohi): Sanctus and Hene-
I dU'tua iFanpon!— . Agnus Dei, Alary In F;
' offertoi 'i::\. i-aatorefl Brat Vlgilantss (Melvll);
Adeste Fideles (Novello).
Solemn vcapem and benediction at 7:30 p. m.—
Vesper*, Gregorian; Iste Confessor (Klein);
MagninVnt c'anano); during benediction
Motett by Lambilutte; Tantum Ergo (Aldega);
Adeste Fideles (Novello).
The following organ numbers will be played
1 by Ifaurlce O'Connor at the various services:
I PaHtoral (Henri Uephayen) ; Christmas Offer
nan?); l'rinia Sonate (Capocci);
Marcln; Nuptuale (Capocci); Andante (Gold
niark); I'ostlude (Dudley Buck).
The Christinas programme at St. Dominic's
Churcb, f'rner of Pine and Btelner streets, Will
he und-r the direction of Hhys Thomas, tenor,
with James H. Howe as organist, and will in
the following numbers: Gounod's "Messe
BaleneUe"; "(.'antique de Noel," by Adam, for
iolo; duet, quartet and chorus; "Kxalta Slon,"
by Victor Hamm<r<l!.
The music at St. Stephen's fP. E.) Church,
*G4 Fultnn ftreet. Jtev. E. -I Lion, rector, will
be rendered by rh< - new vested choir of mixed
voices, under tne dlrei tlon of Roscoe Warren
Lucy, organist and choirmaster. At the ser
vices at 11 a. m. the "Te Deum" will be by
Schilling In F; anthem, "There Were Shep
herds," by Reed; offertory anthem, Adolf
Adam's "Noel," for rolm and chorus.
At the evening service at 7:45 o'clock the an
them will be "There Were Shepherd 3 Abiding
In the Field." by distance, and at the offer
tory mipb Edith Wadswortn win sing "Night
of Nights." by Vandewnter. In this rholr are
many excellent eololKts, including Misses Wads
: worth, Heath, Prlber, sopranos; Misses Decker,
I Pettls and Waldbelm, contraltos; Messrs. Hib
> bert and Mitchell, tenors; Wrd and Closson,
■ ba^Bos, ami ii. K. K. Martin, barytone.
The Christmas solemn high mass will he
celebrated at St. Patrick's Church at 10:30 a.
in. Rev. Father Brennan will officiate as
celebrant; Rev. Father Kf-ane, deacon; Rev.
Father Horan, sub-deacon, and Key. Father
Lane, master of ceremony, who will also de
liver the sermon. The music, as usual,
i will be meritorious, beginning with
! Novello's arrangement of the ''Adeste
Fideles." The "Kyrie" and other parts
! are from J. K. Paine's grand mass In D,
j a well-known American composition. Before the
sermon a "Venl BanctO Sj'lrltus" bass solo
from J. K. Palne'w masn will be sung, and at
the offertory Adam's "Noel." for contralto and
] quartet, will be rendered. The solos will be
j executed by UIBS RtCTlna, soprano, Mrs. l'ar
! ent, contralto; Mr. Blum, tenor, and Mr. Rich
ards, ba*so.
At the Emmanuel Baptist Church the follow
ing programme will be rendered at the Christ
mas service, both morning and evening: At 11
a. m.— Organ prelude. Mrs. K. Worth; opening
Doxology for the congregation: invocation; re
sponsive reading, Psalm XXIV: contralto solo,
Mrs. J. M. Peel; prayer; quartet, "Star of the
East," choir, Mrs. Onllahorn, Mable Craig,
Mis. Craig. Edna Craig; notices; congregational
hymn; Christmas offering; barytone solo,
"Peaceful the World" (Lowry), Rev. J. George
Gibson: sermon, "The day-spring from on
high "—Luke i:78: benediction: 12:15. extra ses
sion of Sunday school, see special programme;
330 p. m".. Intermediate and Junior societies;
: 6 1." p. m.. Christian Endeavor; praise service
! led by Mrs. Pidge: instrumental piece, orches-
I tra; solo. Lulu Mftg"»: barytone folo, "The
Guiding Star" (Meredith). Rev. J. George Gib
eon, with violin accompaniment: leader of meet
ing Charles B. Wlthham; subject. "Truths
Taugh by Christmas." At T:3O p. m.— Organ
prelude; invocntlon: Scripture rending. Isaiah
! lxl-9- solo. "Christmas Ring" (Adam), Mrs.
' R L Hathorn; prayer; congregational hymn;
i solo. "Wise Men Prom the East." Mrs. M. B.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
Oallahorn; Scripture reading, Matthew 11:1-11;
nntict-s; quartet. "The New Born King," choir;
Christmas offering; barytone solo, "S» .'t
Bethlehem" (Froellch), Rev. J. George Gitis.m;
■ennon, "Jesus Was Born in Bethlehem" —
: -Matthew 11:1; congregational hymn; benedic-
I tlon.
The programme as outlined for rendition
Christmas at the Trinity Presbyterian t'hur ii
is as follows: Handel. "Sing Unto Gi'd," from
"Judas Maccabeus"; Haydn. "The Marvelous
Work." from "The Creation"; Beethoven,
! "Hallelujah." from "Mount o( Olives": Han
del, "I'astoral Symphony," "Messiah"; so
i prano solo, "When Heaven Sang to Earth"
I (Parker); "Cantique de Noel," with chorus
(Adam); barytone solo, "Shout the Glad
I Tidings" (Borwer): quartet, "There Were
Shepherds" (Syncs); "Brightest and Best"
(Manters); "Christmas Song" (arranged by
Weil): "while Shepherds VFatched" (Havens);
! "It Came Upon the Midnipht Clear" (Humer).
The members of the choir are: Soprano, Ellen
I Margery Marks; alto, M. Henrietta Smith;
' tenor. Arthur C. Lawrence; bass, H. H. Law
: rence Jr.: orsaniPt. C. M. T. Parker.
At the First En^lich Lutheran Church, Geary
! street, between Gou«h and Octavla, there will
be three services on Christmas day. as fol
; lows: Early morning service for children at
j 9:45. The girls' vested choir will lead the
praise in the ritual service and hymns and will
also sing carols under direction of the choir
master. J. C. Fyfe; sermon by the Key. Dr. K.
Nelamier on "The Childhood of Jesus." Regu
lar miming service at U o'clock. The church
1 chnir will sing the following: Cantata, "The
! Nativity." It. H. Wilson; carol anthem. ''The
| Shepherds Went Their Hasty Way," J. F. Bar
< nett; carol anthem, "Sweeter Than Songs of
I Summer," J. Frederick Bridge; sermon by the
1 Rev. I>r. E. Nelander on "The First Christmas
Card." Evenlnc services at 8 o'clock. The
1 music of the morning: service will be repeated;
i sermon by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander on "The
j Incarnation."
Exceptionally fine music will be heard at
: the 5 o'clock mass at Holy Cross Church ti
Eddy f-treet. C.iorza's Grand Mass will be
rendered by the well-known singers: Soprano,
Miss Gertrude Frost; tenor. Will M. Smith;
: alto. Miss Ella McClOsfcey; bass. Marcel Plrron.
I "Adeste Fideles" will be sung by Mlh= Gertrude
Frost: "Noel" by Miss Ella licClOSkey. <'r
ffanlft, Mrs. T. J. Ballley; musical director.
Miss Gertrude Frost. A eermon will be preached
by Rev. J. McGlnty.
i St. Markus Church, on O'Farrell street, be
■ tween Franklin and Gough— Special Christmas
pprvices will b» held Runiiay, December B, lit
a. m. The pastor will preach from the
, text John I, 14. Liturgical and choral serv
■ ices containing choice selections of appropriate
music, under the direction of Professor K. Wer
; ncr, organist. Christmas festival. Monday, De
i cember 26.
At the Grace Methodist Episcopal Church op
ORNDORFF THOUGHT
HIS TIME HAD COME
How a flood=Natured Bummer Bear Terrified
the Stage Director of the or=
phi urn.
FOR a long time the friends of
Harry Orndorff, stpsr director
of the Orpheum, have for divers
unexplained reasons regarded
the young man as a bear fight
er. It may be that Harry had
a lurking suspicion that under cer-
tain conditions he would make trou
ble for the bruin family, but he has
arrived at the conclusion that It Is
r.ot the province of the "king be
hind the scenes" to go up against
any such' game. No one dnubis tho
of Orndorff, but there are cir
cumstances under which the m:m
with the grudge against a bear for
gets his ill feeling and is willing to
go in the other direction and leave
behind all his prejudices. Speaking
of bears is why the name of the
celebrated stage director of the
proud vaudeville house is mentioned.
There are performing bears at the
Orpheum, much to the sorrow of
the attendants, who are not accus
tomed to handling the brutes. There
by hangs a tale.
A few niphts ago when the cur
tain had gone down on the pole
walkfng ad In whi'h the big bfar
had secured the bottle of sweet wa
ter, the old animals were safely
secured, but the cub when whipped
off the stage did not meet his mas
ter behind the scenes and conse
quently was not locked up. In the
dim light between the drops Direc
tor Orndcrff and his assistants be
gan taking down the horizontal bar
upon which the animals had
performed. ~Mt. Orndorff was "dry
smoking" a cipar and during the
haste of getting the paraphernalia
out of the way looked down between
Twenty-first and Capp streets the following
programme will be rendered by au augmented
choir of twenty-four voices: Hymn Mo. 193,
congregation: prayer, pastor; chorus, "The
Glad Tidings" (John Hyatt Brewer); contralto
i solo, "Glory to Heaven's Eternal King" iMeyer
! Helmund). Mlsa Hoslua Rosin; chorus, "And
] There Were Shepherds" (W. B. Goate) ; tenor
■010, "Heavenly Vision" (Hamilton Gray),
Harry Porter; quartet. "The Infant King" (\V.
11. N'tidlinger), Miss Uroderick and Miss Rosin,
Messrs. Porter and Read: hymn No. 190, con
gregation: collection; remarks, pastor; soprano
solo, "Noel" (Adam), Miss Rose Broderick;
chorus. "The Holy Child" (Harry Rowe Shel
ley); barytone solo, "Nazareth" (Gounod), A.
C. P. Read; hymn No. 1»7. congregation; i/tne
dlctlon, pastor.
During the morning service the choir will
render In chorus "Behold, I Bring You Glad
Tidlnsre" and the yuartet "The Manger of
Bethlehem."
Christmas day musical service at the Church
of the Advent: Matins— "Venlte" (Turle);
"Gloria Pntrl" (Gladstone); "Te Deum"
(Smart): "Jubilate" (Garrett); holy commu
nion; processional, "Hark, the Herald Angela
Sins" ' (Mendelssohn); introlt, "Cradled All
Lowly" (Gounod); "Kyrle" (Tours); "Gloria
Tibl" (Garrett): "Credo" (Tours); hymn,
"Shout the Glad Tidings" (Avlson); offertor
ium, "Sing. O Heavens" (Tours); presentation
i Humphrey); "Sursum Corda" (Camldge);
"Sanctus" from "Menpe iU-s Orpheonlsten"
(Gouno<l); benedlctus, 'Messe Solennelle" (Gou
nod); hymn. "Bread of the World" (Hodgesj;
"Agnus Dei" (Tours): "Nune Dlmlttis" (Blow);
retrocessional (Gauntlett); soloists— George Ire
land, Melvin Williams, Louis Bowman, Her
man Vodltzka, Henry Ka«e. Charles Jenkins,
T. V. Kelh.gg and H. K. White Jr.; George
R. Kins, organist; Henry Kirk White Jr., mu
sical director anil choirmaster.
Evening (children's service)— Processional.
"Hark, the Herald Angels Sing" (Mendelssohn);
responses (plain song): "Gloria Patrl" (Glad
stone); "Magnificat" (Crotch); carol, "O. Lit
tle Town uf Bethlehem" (Reduer); carol, "It
Tame t'pon the Midnight Clear" (Willis): carol,
"O, Come All Ye Faithful" (Reading); offer
torium, "Noel," by Master Williams (Adam):
presentation (Humphrey); benediction. "Hark.
What Mean Those Holy Voices?" (Geer); re
troceflßlonal, "Once in Royal David's City"
(Gauntlett).
Outline of Christmas day exercises for the
SfWiirt Memorial I. P. Church, Guerrero
■treet. near Twenty-third:
Morning exercises— Opening trio, "As Pants
t!;.- Hart" <Anhford>, Miaa Camelle frank; so
prsno; W, C. H-arn. tenor: Alex Mennle. bass:
soprano solo, "O'er the Hills of Bethlehem"
(Shelley), M!ss» f'amelle Krank; tiass solo,
"Christinas" iShellfyi. Alex Mennie; anthem,
"Consider the Lilies" (Excell), choir— «o
pranos Mis? r"amelle Frank and Miss Etta
McLeod; altos, Miss Carola Meyer and Miss
his feet. What he saw there was a
bear with a very red-hot, wide-open
mouth. To see was to act. Mr.
Orndorff did not stand on ceremony;
he did not stand on anything, lie
simply threw himself backward in
to, space and prayed that the brute
would not. smash him. The : shock
w?\s so great "Harry" forgot he
had a cigar in his mouth and " v .s
result was that while lie devoted Ms
attention to getting outfit the way
he swallowed two-thirds of his Ha
vana. Mr. Bear went the other way
very fast, and was just in time to
put the fear of the Lord in the
heart of one of Orndorff's assist
ants, who fled blindly away from
the presence of the earnest beast,
and in his wild career collided with
a jrlre guy rope, which caught him
en the stomach and carefully threw
him twenty feet to the other side of
the stage. Orndorff was llnally
found in the property room secreted
behind a statue of Mars. The as
sistant has not been found yet. As
for the bear he was only looking for
sugar, and -as soon as his master
Issued orders he went meekly to his
quarters, having no thought of the
horrors he had engendered.
The handsome stage director of
the Orpheum has not yet been able
to see the joke. He is found occa
sionally coughing up sections of un-
Bmokea cigar and is religiously
keeping off the stage until he is us
sured that the bears are all chained
up. It is said he will vote against
the further engagement of bears,
cither stuffed or genuine. He would
rather fight cross fairies.
Bessie Dodd; tenor. W. C. Hearn; bass, Alex
Mennle. Mrs. A. McNab will preside at the
organ during the morning. Sermon by the
pastor. W. E. Dugan, "The Star o£ Bethle
hem."
Evening exercises — Opening duet. "Prayer of
the Wanderer" (Condell). Miss Camelle Frank.
soprano; \V. C. Hearn, tenor; solo. "The Lord
Is Mindful of His Own" (St. Paul), Miss
Carola Meyer, alto; anthem, "O, Savior, When
This Life Is O'er." from "Bethlehem," choir.
Miss Camelle Frank and Miss Etta McNab,
sopranos; Miss Carola Meyer and Miss Bessie
Dodd, altos; W. C. Hearn. tenor; Alex Mennie,
bass. Solo. "Among the Fields of Bethlehem,"
Wi C. Hearn. tenor. Mrs. A. McNab will pre
side at the organ during the evening. Sermon
by the pastor, \V. E. Dugan, "The Nature of
Christ's Birth."
The following musical programme will be
presented at the First Presbyterian Church on
Sacramento street and Van Ness avenue:
Morning service— Organ prelude, "Allegretto
Pastorale" (Gambini); chant, "When Mar
shaled on the Mighty Plain"; anthem, "Arise,
Shine" (Maker); hymn. "Hark! the Herald
Angels Sing"; solo, "The Nativity" (Schneck
er); hymn. "All Hall the Power of Jesus'
Name"; offertory, ''The Birth of Christ"
iMargo); anthem, "Behold! He Cometh"
(Ketelhey); organ postlude. "Hallelujah Chorus"
(Flelssner-Hmdel). Evening praise service-
Organ preluffi-, "Christmas March" (Merkel):
chorus. "It Came Upon the Midnight Clear"
iMarston); hymn, "Joy to the World"; solo,
"Glory to Heaven's Eternal King'" (Meyer
Helmund); anthem, "Bphold. I Bring You
Glad Tidings" (Barnbj); hymn, "Hark! Ten
Thousand Harps and Voices"; orgah solo,
"Pastorale In C" (Wely) ; offertory. '•Christ
mas Song" iSchnecker); chorus, "Nazareth"
(Buck-Gounod); organ postlude (Flelssner);
choir. Mrs. Don Pardee Rlggs. soprano; Mrs.
E. 8. Basford. contralto: Dr. Gilbert F. Gra
ham, tenor; George B. Mcßrlde. bass; assisted
by a ehoni3 of twenty voices; Otto Fleissner
organist and choirmaster. Sunday school
music— Orchestra, "Gloria from Twelfth
Mass" (Mozart): violin solo with orchestra,
"Cavatlna" (Raff), Mrs. Gruenhagen-Gwynn;
soprano solo, "Christmas Carol," Miss Linda
P Prltchard- basH solo and chorus. "Christ
mas Song" (Fleissner). Mr. Mcßrlde, school
and orchestra; orchestra, "Nazareth" (Gou
nod); songs by the school; Otto Fleissner, mu
sical director.
At Sacred Heart Church solemn high mass
will be celebrated at 5 o'clock. Ctmarosa's
grand military mass will be rendered by the
following singers: Soprano, Mrs. L. K. Walsh;
alto, Miss May Mabie; tenor, Charles Morel;
basso, R. L. Woodward. Tho offertory will be
sung by the Altar Chora! Society of twenty
five voices. At 11 o'clock Hayden's mass in E
will be sung. Sopranos— Mrs. L. K. 'vt alsh.
Miss Josephine Short; altos— Miss- May Mable.
Miss L. Orosset: tenor, Charles Morel; baaso,
R. L. Woodward. Organist and director. Miss
Marie Short.
At St. Mary's Cathedral there will be a
Pontifical high mass, services to commence at
11 a. m., Most Rev. Archbishop Riordan offi
ciating. The music will include Hummers
mass In E flat; Adam's "Noel"; "Adeste
Fideles" ; violin contribution by Ilerr Stark.
Sopranos— Ml?s Katherine Black, Mrs. Alfred
Kelleher; altc>s. Miss Julia Sullivan, Mrs. P.
Pteffanl; tenors— David Manlloyd, J. H. Toler:
bassos— S. J. Sandy, O. K. Harrell. George
Hayward. These will be supported by a chorus
and an orchestra selected from members of the
Musical Union. Vesper services will be held
at S d. m.
Bead the first Christmas spent in
Death Valley, by a woman survivor
of the awful trip, in next Sunday's
Call.
Coroner's Inquests.
Several inquests were held by Coroner
Hawkins yesterday morning. In the case
of L,ockwood H. Josselyn the verdict was
that the deceased came to his death by
cyanide of potassium administered with
suicidal intent. The verdict in the case
of Anna W. Walmsley was that death
was caused by a criminal operation per
formed by Dora Fuhrip with Mrs. Walms
ley's consent. "Accidental, cause un
known," was the verdict in the case of
John G. Edwards, who fell off a car at
the corner of Powell and O'Farrell streets
and fractured his skull.
The reason for the acquittal of Rosser,
the murderer of Hildebrand, Is Riven by
JAMES 11. BARRY in to-day's Star. •
Smuggled Cigars Seized.
Eleven hundred and fifty cigars were
seized on the steamer San Juan yester
day by Customs Searchers S. H. Sackett
and E". R. Carter. The San Juan Is from
Panama and Mexican ports.
MANDOLINS
...AND...
GUITARS
$2.50UE:
SOLE AGENTS CELEBRATED MARTIN FASTS.
CLARK WISE & CO.
41 GEARY ST., Cor. Grant Aye.
SPECIAL SALE PIANOS THIS WEEK,
Judge Wallace
. And...
Murderer Rosser !
Read...
The Star!
In which James H. Barry
Tells why Rosser was acquitted.
Holiday
Shoppers
Do Best
AT
Will & Finck Co.'s,
818-820 Market St.
MKpfr^*^ ~^W MEYERS
f^i jj^flj~ Specialists [or Men
\l ssr% *£y&w¥ \^3 Jk T* 1"*1 "* phytcUni have bwn
■^ oiii ii^s^"fw^» > '* ii ' iT * p * iu:tic * in th * o> a
%llin'fv NvAwß^ rnfortonate mm who r»n-
IIEvS rlce » nd Private book—
CBTABL..H" ,T.Y"RS. Thoi^^S^hi..
All letter* confidential. ; Mo Charge for Consultation. .
731 KfyKsCMCO | EWt Entice.
&Co>?^<
(1 -patents! J)
I >SS^33O MARKET ST. SJ.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - - -._,_-■_■ _
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®<§>®
• ALASKA SEALSKINS i
I tJ&~ % ADVANCED THIRTY PER CENT ®
® Jiyi at THE SALES HELD IN LON- %
® f¥T^ DON TWO DAYS AGO. THESE 1
® .■» SALES CONTROL THE PRICES ®
® fiCDal^- ° F FURS THE WORLD OVER, I
111 1 W§ H, LIEBES & COMPANY !
I 1 l^^^illw -■ ARE NOT AFFECTED BY . THE I
® H^#f ' -RISE, -. HAVING SECURED A®
® IrrrKV ' , LARGE AND WELL-SELECTED ®
® STOCK in anticipation of the change in the market. ®
® We can fortunately give you the benefit of old rates. ®
I Handsome Alaska Sealskin Jackets, $150. ®
| NOTE OUR SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS IN NECK SCARFS. ®
® River Mink $ 1.00
® River Mink, horseshoe
| shape $2.00
@ Rock Marten, curved tie,
® 5 tails $2.50
® Rock Marten, horseshoe
L shape, 10 tails $4.50
I (?) Full assortment of Scarfs in Mink, Black Marten, Stone Map- ®
© ten, Sable and all the fashionable furs. ®
© The largest and most complete assortment of FUR CAPES and ®
© COLLARETTES ever shown in this city..... ....- $6.00 Upward ®
® V*- STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. ®
I H. UEBES & COMPANY %
n INCORPORATED, ®
v CATALOGUE. BEAUTIFULLY IQQ IQ7 nfICT CT ®
© ILLUSTRATED. FREE. . IOO"IOC r*UO 1 Oil ($
®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ® © ® ® ® © ® © ® ®
j^RT CALENDARS,
LEATHER GOODS
- % AND OTHER -« •
H-jEijristmas
227-229 POST ST. 215-219 BUSH St.
AMUSEMENTS. •
COMEDY EATER.
. LAST FOUR PERFORMANCES.
The Ever Gay Hoyt's
A BUNCH OF KEYS
BRIGHTER AND BETTER THAN EVER.
REMEMBER THE
C BEAUTIFUL
DOLL MATINEE TO-DAY at 2
GRAND XMAS MATINEE SUNDAY,
PRlCES— Evening 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Matinees 15c and 25c
Holiday Matinee Monday, December 28,
"ROMANCE OF COON HOLLOW."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), DEC. 24.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part.
THE RAPPO SISTERS,
RUSSIAN CHARACTER DANCERS.
THE 3 LUKINS, Acrobats.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN, New Stories, !
Songs and Humor.
WESTON & HERBERT. Comedy Musical
Artists.
HORACE OO:>DIN, Illusionist.
THE MERKELL SISTERS, Equilibrists.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, New Songs.
FRANK LA MONDUE. the Mute Comedian.
Last week of PAUL BATTY' S REARS.
ALvAZ/AK Main 254.
ALL/AMK Main 254.
LAST TWO NIGHTS. U>--?:-?
FAMILY MATINEE TO-DAY. >;:-
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Merry. Breezy, Happy Comedy,
Humbug
PRICES— 25c, 35c, 50c.
Extra Matinee SUNDAY. Benefit Stage Chil-
dren. "FIRST BORN," by Juveniles.
Next Week— Christmas M» tl -»c Monday—
Hoyt's "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
SEATS NOW READY. __■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mjrr.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.
FOR THE LADIES AND CHILDREN.
A RESERVED SEAT FOR 25C.
EVERY ; EVENING.
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE.
THE YELLOW dwabfj
Splendid Cast— Grand Ballets— Catchy Musio.
Timely Topicals — Merry Skits.
• A Delight for. Young and Old.
Popular prices, 25 and 50 cents. Our tele-
phone, Bush 9. Secure your se..ts in advance.
*""• v. _-> > J • V_-«.
(INGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK 'IN AMERICA.
• FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
DECEMBER 12th TO~DECEMBER 26th.
MONDAY— THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP. ;
Two Miles. 29 Entries.
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and i
1:15 p.>m.'W££>RF l 4!R£#WUSHMjjgß
Round-trip tickets, 25 cents.
Electric cars on Mission and Kearny streets
every three : minutes. ' : • . * ■ .-,■■
ADMISSION— DOLLAR. ?
. S. N. ANDROUS.' President
•>. H. GREEN. Seawttry. • •
Canada Marten, curved tie, q
5 tails $4.50 ®
Canada Marten, horseshoe ®
shape, 8 tails $7.50 ®
Black Opossum, curved tie, ®
5 tails $3.00 ®
Black Opossum, horseshoe
shape, 10 tails $5.00 2
AMUSEMENTS.
-" MATINEE TO-DAY.
■ Farewell to-night. •■ •
• ' The Popular Irish Comedian,
DANIEL SULLY
In the Comedy-Drama Success.
O'Brien, the Contractor
EXTRA— Beginning Sunday.
8 Nights and 2 Matinees Only.
NANCE O'NEIL
And an Augmented Company.
First Four Nights jUllfrvA
And Monday Matinee. ITI/\ljU/\
Next Three Nights— "GUY MANNERINO."
Saturday Matinee— "lNGOMAß."
Sunday Night— "OLIVER TWIST."
COLUMBIA_THEATER
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DAY.
HOYT'S Greatest Farce Triumph,
A Parlor Match
A Hit of Maetodonic Proportions.
EXTRA-Next Week.
First Performance Monday Matinee.
W. H. WEST'S SUPERB, BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE.
The most refined, artistic minstrel organiza-
t tion in the world.
j SEATS NOW READY.
BfOROSCO'S GRAND; i
V altxb Morosco, Bole Lessee and Manages
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK. "
COMMENCING MONDAY. DEC. 19. 1898.
Revival of the old favorite.
UNCLE TOM'S
mmmmmmmm V^-Al JO i ill mmmmmm'mmm
LESLIE MOROSCO 'as Marks.
■ A WORLD'S RECORD.
During MR.- MOROSCO' S managerial career
in this city he has given 5619 consecutive per-
formances.
Popular prices. 10c, 250 and 60c.
CHUTES AND ZOO !
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
(TRI7 AT^ IN th e
; UXllJil 1 FREE THEATER!
SEE 'JOE STORMS JR.." "SALLY" and
"CONGO," WONDERS OF DARKEST AF-
RICA.
fSPECIAL!
TO-MORROW - -■■-;- SUNDAY,
EMIL MARKEBERG,
The Most Daring Aeronaut on Earth,
Will Go Up Hanging by His Teeth,
10c. including Zoo and Theater; Children. 6c.
SPECIAL '-CHRISTMAS TREE
To-morrow and Monday— PRESENTS FOR
ALL THE BOYS AND GIRLS!
GLEN PARK.
THE MISSION ZOO.
BIG HOLIDAY PROGRAMME.
CHRISTMAS, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25TH.
BALLOON "ASCENSION AND PARACHUTE
JUMP.
? CHARLES CONLON,^||||l
Champion Aeronaut HHH
of Pacific Coast. y£iw
. Vaudeville Performano9 *^*
IN FREE AMPHITHEATER.
I Admission 10c. Children under 5 years free.
i Take San Mateo electric cars; they land you
lat the entrance. Valencia. Mission and Sut-
! ler street lines transfer.
. Weekly Gall $1. 50 pr Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat steadier.
Barley higher.
Oats and Corn very firm.
Hay steady. Bran advanced.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes weak. Onions steady.
Vegetables higher and very scarce.
Turkey market rather easier.
Game unchanged.
Butter weak. Eggs and Cheese as before.
Apples and Oranges In free supply.
Beef firm. Hogs higher again.
Smaller exports of Lumber.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
Export* of lumber from this port during the
first eleven months of the year were 19.358.000
feet, valued at $372,150, against 25.057.000 feet at
$518,400 during the same time in 1897.
OUR FOREIGN COMMERCE.
The commerce of the United States for the
first eleven months of the year compares as
follow*:
1597. 1898.
Exports $974,655,084 $L 117.651.199
Imports 691.089.266 579.844.153
Excess exp0rt5.... 5283,565,818 537,837.046
The gold movement for the eleven months
compares as follows:
1897. 1898.
Exports $33,698,405 14,975,316
Import! 31,440.407 149,396,370
Excess exports $ 2,257,998
Excess Imports , 134,421.054
The movement In silver coin and bullion for
the same Interval compares as follows:
1897. 1898.
Exports 552.512.762 $47,969,406
Imports 30.315,516 25,921.303
Excess export* $22,497,246 $22,048,103
WEATHER REPORT.
U2oth Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 23. 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with thnse of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 9.87 15.37
:ff 0.00 3. 51 6.08
Sacramento 0.00 3.92 4.3S
San Francisco 0.00 3.99 4.07
Fresno CX) 1.92 1.K9
San Luis Obiepo 0.00 1.34 1.5S
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.53
Ban Diego 0.00 0.6f, 1.41
Yuma 0.00 1.32 0.81
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
E6; minimum, 4<: mean. ,".L'.
An area of unusually high pressure lo central
iho, where the barometer reads above
nchea. The pressure diminishes rapidly
this sp^tion toward the coast, but is con-
B'derably above th>» normal In all sections.
The lowest barometer reading reported Is 3U.34
at San Dlegn. Fair weather continues through
out the Pacific Coast States, except along the
■>f Oregon and Washington,
where It is
Th^ temperature continues below the normal
ex.-ort along the immediate coast. The wind is
Fhiftln* to the southeast on the Washington
and Oregon coast, and thpre are some indica
•' a disturbance existing at a considerable
• nt pot. off that coast.
Fair weather will continue in California Sat
urday and probably Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight December 24. IS9S:
Northern California— Saturday; fresh
easterly wind.
Southern California— Saturday; fresh
northeast wind. -
la— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday; danger of kUUzs
frost in south portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — SituriiT;
brisk easterly wind.
Special from Mount TaiasJ?*'? — Clear: wist
northeast, 24 miles; temperature. C: — .*t j — -—
temperature 46. W. H. HAiIMON.
-- r? .i<: .; ' ■ i.;
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK itAP-XTT.
NEW YORK. Dec. . At ttae* =arket
moved in an irregular fasiici. a=.i Ike changes
as a result of the day's opesaxmes were frac
tionally In favor of the s<lv,>;s:es of the long
account, a very unusual thi^p en the eve of
c Christmas holiday. The activity and breadth
cf the market were very well sustained. Lon
don was a buyer in the early dealings, but
later took profits en the rise here. The action
of the Government in calling for the J8.000.000
of Union Pacific payments from the low Inter
est depository banks, which Is to be paid In 10
per cent installments, failed to cause a ripple
Jr. the money market. The speculation In Fed
eral Steel issues was on a tremendous volume
cf -.ness, and both common and preferred
rose very sharply, but in the afternoon on free
liquidation and the withdrawal of some of the
usual support, the stocks broke, leading to a
moderate reaction in other shares. There was
good buying, however, of Federal Steel on the
dtp, and this steadied the list. Sugar, Leather,
Tobacco and American Steel and Wire showed
considerable strength. Rumor had It that
there would be favorable developments an
nounced in Brooklyn Rapid Transit before
Tuesday, and the stock rose 2 points, but did
not hold the extreme rise. The closing was
Irregular.
The market this week continued in an aimott
uninterrupted movement upward, alt.-. . •
there were daily periods of depression aad re
covery. The movement in a general way veri
fied the street proverb "As go government!, v,
goes the market," the upward trend In the
Government mortgages result:- . In w.zr.t -«-cr/rd
prices and the general market for stork > asd
bonds was likewise strong. Two other rtreet
maxims were not borne out t>y the course '-.'
quotations.
London 1 a early prices are v mail 7 an iryl*x
to the trend of the mark'- locally, >..-jj to
"copper London's trades" ha* jv/t t**a re
garded the part of wisdom. Tft*a, too, th«
public was content to en.}'. the Cbrlausaa
holidays without realizing paper profit* awl
the "reaction before the holiday*," wttieb 1*
according to precedent, failed to materialize.
Conditions permeating the financial fabric*
continue wonderfully favorable to tfcl* nation.
Bountiful crop* sell abroad it r<-riiur»i«r*Uv«
and steadily Improving price*, while the great
Iron and coal Industries are getting a grip on
the world 1 » market. The court* t!'/n of sur
plus capital due to America* -r,'*n trade
balance explains the Investment of some $75 .
000 000 used in discounting foreign commercial
Mils which must be paid In gold or In securi
ties unless the United Etat*« assume* the rol«
01 a creditor nation and give* ear to the re
ported proposition* to float foreign Govern
ment loans here. The return flow of money
from the South and Went l, about due and
the banks gained on balance at the rub
treasury, *ne railway traffic reports continue
gratifying, and gave subntanUal foundations
for a rise in son direction* and seemed to
warrant the Introduction of many dormant *e
curltles to the speculative and s^ml-lnvestment
public Email reaction* and Irregularities due
to bear tactic* kept trading rather healthy and
tree from the danger of a too sudden-Inflation.
Toward the c!o»e of the week there was a dis
inclination to be short over the three holidays,
and there were large covering purchases.
Much interest wa* manifested In the dividend
declaration* of the week, but there was no
change except the Increase to 2 per cent In the
Denver preferred disbursement*. The over
sanguine prediction current as to the probable
dividend declaration met some credence In par
ticular cane* owing to the favorable reports of
earnings. The grangers and the Pacific* were
In keen request at periods and gained sub
stantially.
The week's bond market was less active than
the preceding week and the dealings were de
void of such a pronounced tone of strength
Irregularity was very conspicuous in opera
tions, but the general undertone nevertheless
was very substantial, many Issues Improving
to the best price ever recorded for them
United States new 2s and the 4s advanced
%• t D e / 4s coupon % and do registered % In
The total sales of stocks to-day were
573,«00 shares. Including: SS9O Atchlson 17 420
do preferred. 3423 Central lowa. 6350 Central
Pacific, 20i$ Burlington, 6902 Denver and Rio
Grande preferred, 15.110 L. & N., 10 520 Man
hattan. 16.140 Minnesota and St. Louis 32 055
Missouri Pacific, 3575 Missouri, Kansas and
Texas preferred. 6815 Northern Pacific 14,120
Rock Island. 22.930 Union Pacific/ 13/810 St
Paul. 7150 Southern Pacific. 6600 do preferred
10,910 Union Pacific preferred. 5135 Wabash pre
ferred. 3810 W. & S. L. E.. 4SOO Paper • . 8014
American Spirits, 9010 do preferred 14 2*o To
bacco. 140.220 Steel, 58.357 do preferred 64 450
People's Gas, 7415 Colorado ■ Fuel and Iron
12,470 Pacific Mall. 32 280 Sugar. 22 215 TeS
nessee Coal and Iron, 20.120 Leather, ' 35 270 do
preferred, 4495 Rubber, 3635 6t. Louis and' S "W
preferred, 14,090 Chicago Great Western "
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atohlson 18% I St Louis <fc S P.... s«
Do prefd 50% l Do prefd 66<2
Baltimore & Ohio.. 69 | Do 2d prefd... 331?
Canada Pacific .. $41* St Louis & S W.. 7U
Canada Southern.. 66 Do prefd .... 17*4
Cent Pac 42^ St Paul '.'.ltt
Ches & Ohio 25% Do prefd 165
ill & Alton 169U St P & Ora 91U
'hi H & Q 122% Do prefd 188
Chi & E 111 58 So Pacific 32%
Do prefd 11014 So Railway 10'^
Chi G W 15 % Do prefd 4\%
Chi Ind & L BVi Texas & Pacific... 19
Do prefd 32 Union Pacific 43%
Chi & N W 141% Do prefd 73>4
Do prefd IS6 U P D & G. 2d
C C C & St L.... 43\i assmt paid 12*4
Do prefd X Wabash S%
Del & Hudson ....104 Do prefd 23
Dp! L & W 150 Wheel & LE, 4th
Del & Rio G 20 assmt paid 5\
Do prefd Kg Do prefd 27*
Erie new 14$» Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd 37% Adams Ex 108
Ft Wayne .........175 I American Ex Hi
Gt Nor prefd U9H United States 61
Hocking Valley.... SV- Wells Fargo 120
Illinois Cent 114',», Miscellaneous-
Lake Erie & W... 20>>. A Cot Oil 35%
Do prefd 754. Do prefd 874
Lake Shore MlVi Amn Spirits 13%
Louis & Nash .... 64 , Do prefd 374
Manhattan - L 974! Am Tobacco ICV4
Met St Ry 191% t Do prefd 131
Mich Cent 11l Cons Gas 1:<4%
Minn & St L 37y.'Com Cable Co 17.".
Do Ist prefd 99 Vi Col F & Iron 314
Mo Pacific 44V Do prefd 77
Mobile & Ohio 31% :Oen Electric 93« i
Mo X & T 13 ;Haw Coml Co 5S
Do prefd 37% 'Intnl Paper 61
N J Central 93' c Do prefd SOH
N T Central 122Vb i Laclede Gas 6!
N V Chi &St L.. 14 Lead 38
Do Ist prefd 70 ' Do prefd 114
Do 2d prefd 35 Nat Lin Oil 9
Nor West 17% Pacific Mall 44*4
No Amer Co "Vi People's Gas IDS 1 *
No Pacific 42% Pullman Pal 149
Do prefd 76% Silver Cert 59>A
Ontario & W 174 Standard R & T.. 8»i
Or R & Nay 50 Sugar 126'
Or Short Line 42 Do prefd 111%
Pac Coast Ist pfd. kill T C 4 Iron 37%
Do 2d prerd 62 US Leather 7',
Plttsburg 172 Do prefd r. 71*4
Reading .'.... 19 U S Rubber 4.'. "
Do Ist prefd 47 Do prefd 110U
R G w 26 West Union S2*i
Do prefd 64 Federal Steel 47 1
Rock Island 111% D oprefd 82%
St PM & M 172 Brooklyn R T .... 721 i
CLOSING BONDS.
I* S 8s 107 Do 4a 104
U S new 4s reg....l2S*i No Pac lsts 1174
Do coup 125% Do 3s 694
US 4s lll*i Do 4s 102%
Do coup 1131.; N V C & St L 45..106 4
Do 2ds 99% Nor & W 6s 128
U 8 5s reg 112% Northwest*™ c0n. 1434
Do 5s coup llji t Do deb- is 1194
District 3. 60s US O Nay Ins 114
Ala class A 10S O Nay 4s 100
Do B 108 jO S Line 6s tr....123U
Do C 100 O S Line Cs tr 110%
Do Currency 100 Pacific 6s of 95.... 10211
Atchison 4s 100 i Reading 4s 86%
Do adj 4s 79 R G W lsts 924
Can So 2ds 1104 St L& I M con 1044
C & O 44s 90Ti|St L & S F gen 55.124>4
Chi Terra 4s 95 St P Con 162 Vi
C & Ohio 5s 118 Ist P C & P 15t5. .122
CH & D 44s 104% Do 5s 121
D& R G lsts 108 So Ry 5s 105%
D&R G4s 102 Stand R& T 65... 824
East Term lsts 107>4 Term new set 35... 94%
Erie Gen 4s 75 Tex Pac L G lsts..lio'
FW A D lsts tr.. 854 Do Rg 2ds 49%
Gen Eleo 6s 10S V P D & G lsts.. 87
GH&S A6s 102 Wab Ist 5s 113%
Do 2ds 103 Do 2ds 94ti
H & T C 5s 11l • W Shore 45. ...;..
Do con €s 11l Va Centuries gW
lowa C lsta 1044 I Do deferred 7
La new con ...107 Wi 9 Cent lsts 634
L & N Unl 4s 97% U P 4s 104
Missouri 6s 100 Colo Southern 45.. K6%
M X & T 2ds 674 Or Nay prefd 72
Do 4s 91 Pacific Coast 44
N V Central lsts.. 117', Colo Southern 7
N J C 5s 115 Do Ist prefd MVi
N Carolina 6s 125 Do 2d prefd 19
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 12 Ontario 6 00
Crown Point is Ophir 45
Con Cal & Va 1 01 Plymouth 10
Deadwood GO I Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 2i> Do prefd 400
H.ilp ft Norcros*.. 1 GO Siena Nevada :■
Homestake 60 00 Standard 100
Iron Silver 73 Uaion Con icli cl
Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket 16
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWIs Cent lIU
Call loans 2f?3;Ed Elec Tel 196
Time loans 3S4;Gen Elec prefd 158
Stocks— ;Atch prefd 50%
Atch Top &St Fe. 18% i Bonds—
Amer Sugar IK ; Atchlson 4s 984
Do prefd 111H Mining Shares-
Bay State Ga5... 3 11-16 Allouez Mm C 0.... 6«4
Bel! Tel 173 Atlantic 31
Boston & Albany. .?<« IBoston & Mont 266
Boston ft Maine. ..l7l Butte & Boston 84
Boston L «r-j{ Calumet & Hecia..62s
CM Bur & Q ISH Centennial 30
Fitchburg 1 -■-, Franklin 19' i
G*= Electric 93»* Old Dominion 33»i
Mexican Central.. 3*3 * Osceola 76W
KT«N Ens 99 Quincy 140
Oid \--k>ay 19S Tamarack 171
Or Short Line 414 Wolverine 32^4
Rubber 44\ Parrott 31
fatea Par 43V. Humboldt I' 1 ;
West Ead S9»i Union Land lUi
Wes-.Jr.sh Elec 3Sv» Adventure 9 l 2
Do rrefd 63 Wlnona 14*
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— The Commercial Ad- I
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: ;
To-day was the busiest house and the largest
attendance seen In the Stock Exchange here
on the eve of Christmas for a very long- time.
Prices were generally steady. The American i
market was active, closing at the best, Den- }
vers and Norfolks were the features. Other
changes in balance were slight. Copper nocks \
were firm. There were further large borrsw- j
Ings from the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Dec. 23-— Canadlas --.-•- ~\ j
Grand Trunk. 114; bar sliver, gtagriaa^. mvi; }
money. 3©SH per cent-
Spanish fours doe*d 4P4.
PARIS, Dec. Bpanlati inn armed 4i-W.
BRADSTREET"B FINANCIAL REVIEW.
HEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Eradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say:
In view <•' the recent ris*« an/! large Btock
exchange transactions It was thought that the
market prior to the holiday* would become i
dull and react. The beginning of the we** j
was marked by tendencies which &gre«d with !
this estimate, bat after the first day or bo re
newed strength developed and prices were in
many ca*»s carried to the highest yet reached,
the activity cf speculation ■ <•;.'.« Ibowa by the!
total dealing* from Wednesday to Friday, j
which were well up to V/i.W) share* each day.
While leading financial Interests were active I
and gave a support to certain specialties which :
had a due ■ "■• • In both starting and main- J
tt.lalz.g tfc* moiremeot, the buying of stocks by ;
the public was the rr.ont notable bullish factor !
'..; th* week. Block commission and brokerage ;
booses hare uniformly had an exceptionally j
large volume of business, and while the ex- j
tent of the advances ha« induced a great deal j
of profit taking both by the professionals and j
the public, concessions In prices develop further
purchasing power. London was Inclined to
rest, and al«o seemed at first to be indulging
la profit taking In Americans.
T&« renewed strength of the market here,
however, had a stimulating effect on Its in
terest In them, and In the latter portion of the
week there was fair foreign purchasing. It
M:erns, however, that the English financial
press exhibits a suspicious attitude toward
Americans and recommends a suspension of
buying until a reaction occur. Theories of this
kind found favor at the outset with a large
section of the board room professionals here,
so that their short selling in anticipation of a
moderate decline, such as the market almost
Invariably displays Just before the chief holi- I
day week of the year, simplified the work of j
the leaders who Instituted the renewed ad- I
j vance. To a large extent the market has been
more speculative In character, although the
falling off In the bond transactions to around
000,000 each day may be accounted for by the
diminished activity in a number of bond is
sues where manipulation has been rather ap
parent. At the same time It must be ad
mitted that the purchasing on the part of the
public was mainly for speculation, an idea that
further large advances in stock values are in
eight being among the principal Influences of
the moment.
. BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— following table,
! compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
| ings at all principal cities for the week ended
December 22, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
New York. $1,043,066,628 30.8
Boston 129,171,804 17.5 ....
Chicago 147.281,824 35. 5
Philadelphia 83,361,638 13.4 ....
St. Louis 40,637.390 5.2 ....
Plttsburg 21.231,487 13.9 ....
Baltimore 22,686,307 ' 24.0 ....
San Francisco 16.150.217 12.9 ....
Cincinnati 12,543,700 .... 4.2
Kansas City 10,648,834 3.8 ....
New Orleans 12,M>«.427 2.1
Minneapolis 10,847,051 ' ....
Detroit 7,431,498 11.2
Cleveland 8,771.533 29.9 '
Louisville 7,409,847 21.4 ....
Providence- 6,843.000 38.4
Milwaukee 5,215,018 .... 8.5
St. Paul 4,844,054 5.8
Buffalo 4.415,419 3.3
Omaha 6.507.529 31.6 ....
Indianapolis 6,491.969 16.6
Columbus, 0 4,415,600 15.2 ....
Savannah 3,223,632 .... 6.2
Denver 3,223.620 18.1 ....
Hartford 2.271,073 4.5 -..r.
Richmond 2,964.741 7.8 • ....
Memphis..... 2.003,288 ft 1
Washington 2,257,414 6.9
Peorla 1,849.564 1.0
Rochester . 2,048,991 25.1 ....
New Haven 1,672,395 12.6 ....
Worcester 1.676,627 14.4 ..'..
Atlanta 1,868,853 .... 613
Salt Lake City 2.586.258 117.3
Springfield, Mass.. 1,684,474 20.3
Fort Worth 2,111.501 .... 43
Portland. Me 1,515,016 7.4
Portland. Or 1.914,680 .... 16
St. Joseph 2,t33,555 - 57.2
Los Angeles 1,586,595 2.6 ..."
Norfolk 1.275,779 22.1
Syracuse 1,006.255 .... 1.8
Dcs Molnes 1,299.942 ....
Nashville 1,181.471 ;.2
Wilmington, Del... . 740.663 .... 6 8
Pall River 1.236,455 31.2 . "
Seranton 1.125.518 14.9 ' ..
Grand Rapids. 1.092,325 27.9
Augusta, Ga , 862.143 .... 18.3
Lowell 637.463 .... 21
Dayton, 0 780,524 4.0
Seattle 1.311.208 .... '.'"
Tacoma 715.916 .... 13.3
Spokane 1,259.376 67.3
Sioux City ■ 953.050 52.5
New Bedford 677,604 26.8
Knoxville. Term.... 619,043 42.9 ....
Topeka 775,106 21.5 ....
.Birmingham ....« - - 694,453 21.1 k . <%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
Wichita 472.639 7.7 ....
Blnghamton 350.200 7.0 ....
Lincoln 337.280 4.9 ....
I/exlngton, Ky 558,146
Jacksonville. Fla.. 265,996 ....
Kalamazoo 332,766 ....
Akron 341,500 21.8
Bay City 191.4<V) .... 21.8
Chattanooga 344.000 8.9
Rookford, 111 259 391 3.3
Canton 0 262.800 42.3 ....
Springfield, 0 298.2 M 83.9
Fanro. N. D 411,800 64.5
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 148 880 27.5 ....
Hastings. Neb 110.812 23.5 ....
Fremont, Neb 115,525 36.7 ....
Davenport 655.096 23.5 ..--
Toledo 1.513.619 12.9
•Galveston 7.933.100 4.1
Houston 9,214 479 20.9
•Youngstown 553.200 6.9
••Macon 541,000 .... ....
••Helena 543.142
••Little Rock 424,790 • •••
••Evansvllle 219.600
Totals, U. S 11,673,030,022 26.7
Totals outside of
New York 629.963,645 17.9
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,730,739 14.0
Toronto 9,175.945 21-3
Winnipeg 2.418,815 12.9
Halifax 1.277.311 12.0
Hamilton 724 154 >-5
St. John. N. B 561.157 .... 1-9
Vancouver 601,219 .... —
•Victoria 401.501
Totals $28,888,117 15.6
•Not Included in totals because containing
other itpmn than clearings.
••Not included in totals because of. no com
parison for last year.
DUNS REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW TORK. Dec. 23.— R. G. Dun's Weekly
Review of Trade will ear in to-morrow's Issue:
It Is a year beyond all parallel, and goes to
Its close with the biggest volume of business
ever seen. Knormous transactions at the Stock
Exchange' make some difference as also heavy
railroad earnings, but when all the transport
ing and speculative Interests are eliminated
there is still a much larcer business than in
any other month of any year. Last year the
exports were in volume greater than in Bny
previous month In the history of the country,
but this year the three weeks' reports show
an increase of 25 per cent against 9 per cent
In imports, which would indicate much more
than $70,000,000 excess of exports this month.
The payments through clearing houses have
been for the week 26.5 per cent greater than
last year and 12.4 greater than In 1592. and for
the month 17.8 per cent larger than In 1592.
Until now no greater volume of business hax
ever been done in the history of this country
than in the closing month of this year.
Shipments of wheat have been 3,285,704 bush
els, flour included, at Atlantic ports, against
3,698,321 last year, although Western receipts
for three weeks have been 25,088,581 bushels,
against 10,308,929 last year, a fact which the
'■ believers in a small crop may well consider.
i From Pacific ports the shipments have been
for the week 1.316,019 bushels, against 966,000
! bushels last year. Considering the enormous
' exports from July 1 to date, exceeding last
! year's, one can only wonder that the outgo
this year has been so large, and the price has
risen during the week a cent and a half.
Sales of wool have been large, 27,366,100
i pounds, against 23,115,200 pounds last year, and
I 21,580.200 in the same week of 18*2. with small
! as well as large manufacturers buying very
freely, which Indicates a general Improvement
in the demand for goods, although not enough
as yet to lift prices. The story of the iron
manufacture is like a dream. With 25.000 tons
of Bessemer pig sold at Plttsburg for $10 60
and gray forge at $9 40 and Chicago sales lim
ited only by the capacity of the works, and
Eastern sales so numerous and so large as to
raise the price 25 cents, there is a demand for
finished products which Includes at Phila
delphia 4000 tons of plates for export to South
America, 3000 tons at Chicago, where the works
are crowded. 80,000 tons of steel rails by the
Maryland Steel Company for Asiatic Russia,
35,000 tons for Australia, against British bids
at Plttsburg. and about 10.000 tons of domestic
at the East. 6600 tons of structural work at
Chicago and Pittsburg, and SOOO tons for car
building at Chicago, all the works there being
crowded with heavy orders of sheets and wire
rods, and sharp competition in the South on
cotton ties, pending a contract for 20.000 tons
of cast pipe for Yokohama and sales of smaller
quantities in each class too numerous to men
tion. Prices of Iron and steel products" have
not materially changed, although the tone is
everywhere stronger, and for wire nails quota- 1
tlons have been advanced to $1 30 at Plttsburg.
But this country is beating the world in this
Industry. .: • •.
All thfs business is done with a full belief
that the next year's demand will be greater
than ever before, and it Is creditable, espec
ially in the iron and steel business, that so
little advance in price of finished products
has been made. The range -of prices Is nearly
20 per cent lower than in 1592, Indicating «t>
astonishing increase of quantity of products
exchanged. How Europe will be able to pay
mere thai :~ ••: »:■ due on merchandise en
aecemt for tie month of r>»cember. besides
the eumiuuus balances due for November and
pre-rioos mnoth« Is a question which the
ccsstrr ■-- -.- -i to consider at Its leisure
aid with ■".— ** '.
Fallcres tor tie week have been 2$S, against
252 Jn the United States last year, and 31 In
C&r-a/la. against 23. last year.
BRADSTREET'S ON CONDITION OF BUSI
NESS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Bradstreef s to-mor
row will say: Current business conditions fur
nish some sharp contrasts to those usually
looked for or reported at . this season of the
year. It Is, of course, reasonable to look for
exceptional activity In holiday and retail, trade
generally at this date, and in this respect the
most sanguine expectations appear to have
been realized. Probably never before at this
date, however, was the course of general busi
ness so animated as it Is at present. Specu
lative activity is no longer confined to the
stock market, but has widened to include wheat
and corn among the cereals and copper among
the metals, while the rush of business In Iron
and steel seems little, if any, abated, and some
lines, notably cotton goods and raw wool, are
displaying an activity and strength which
would have been welcomed at any time for a
year past. Prices of securities and of ' staples
alike. furnish examples of aggressive strength,
which are so numerous as to deserve special
mention.
In the Iron trade no signs of flagging inter
est are to be discerned, but rather more pro
nounced activity In new directions. The fea
ture of the week has undoubtedly been the re
ported placing of an order for 80,000 tons of
steel rails with an Eastern rail mill to go to
Siberia. All the strength of prices Is main
tained, and in some lines, notably billets, wire
rods, plates and bars, further advances are to
be reported. In many lines the country's pro
duction seems to be heavily sold ahead and
the utmost confidence is expressed as to pres
\ ent values being maintained or still further In
creased. In other metals, too, a sympathetic)
rise is to be discerned.
The foreign demand for cereals continues un
abated, any slight reaction. In price being taken
advantage of by foreign buyers. Wheat closes
the week with quotations well up to the high
est paid this autumn and short sellers of De
cember delivery are reaping f?ie benefit of In
diecreet speculation. The strength of wheat
has been enhanced by sympathy with • the
growing speculative interest in corn, for which
the highest price paid for three years past has
been recorded. Speculation in copper and cop
per stocks has received an Impetus this week
from rumors of a combination to control the
American production. • •
Strength and firmness Is a feature also of the
lumber market, with the possible exception of
yellow pine, where keen competition tends to
check the advancing tendency shown by other
woods. In other lines of general trade and In
dustry reports are as a rule favorable.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 5.515.231 bushels, against 6.243,
859 last week, revised to Include Portland, Me. ;
4,757,560 bushels In the corresponding week of
1897, 2.111,702 In 1896,-3.457,991 In 1895 and 1814
054 in 1894.
Since July 1, this year, the exports of wheat
aggregate 115.236,840 bushels, against 123.566,647
last year.
Business failures for the week number 212,
against 234 last week. 280 In this week a year
ago, 327 in 1896 and 316 In 1895. -
Business failures In Canada number 34, as
against 32 last week and 30 In this week a
year ago.
IMPORTS AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 23.— The Imports at the
port of New York for this week were: <?oM
$384,186; silver. $41,120: dry goods, $1,837,972;
general merchandise, $5,775,493. The exports of
specie during the week amounted to $499 743
in silver and $236,906 In gold.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.-FLOUR-Recelpt«, 21
100 barrels; exports. 12,182. Quieter, but main
tained its strong undertone.
WHEAT— Receipts, 372.500 bushels; exports,
241.645. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 78% cf. o. b.
afloat. Options were dominated entirely by the
bull sentiment to-day. Opening: steady on the
favorable . news from Liverpool they advanced
actively on good continental buying:, v export
demand and large clearances, reaching- the top
price on the present bull movement. The close
was firm at- H®*ic net advance. December.
74%<Jf75 11-16 c, closed 75& c; March, 70%Q~t6%c,
closed 76\ic.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL—
METALS— the close th« Metal Exch\n«;e
called: -
PlGlßON— Warrants firm at $7 BO nominal.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $12 85 bid
and $13 asked.
Firmer, with $18 25 bid and $18 87%
asked.
LEAD— Firm, with $3 82V4 bid and $3 85 asked.
The firm fixing: the settling: price for leading
miners and smelters at the west quotes lead
at $3 60 and copper at $12 75.-
SPELTER— DuII at $5 25 nominal.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, with prices
10015 points lower.: Sales. 9250 bags. Including
January. ■ $5 75; March. $5 90@5 95; , May, $6 05;
June and July, $6 10; August. $6 15; September
$6 20; .October, $6 25; November. $6 30; Decem
ber. ■ *99, $6 30. . Spot coffee— - firm ; No. 7
invoice, 7c; ; No. 7 > Jobbing, 7J4c; -. mild, firm;
Cordova, 7%<315c. .
SUGAR— lrregular ; fair - refining. 8%0 bid;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c aeked; molasses, B%c
nominal; refined, unsettled.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3578 packages. Firm;
Western creamery 15@21c; Elglns, 21c; fac
tory. 12@14V4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5280 packages. Firm; West
ern, 26c; Southern, 22@25c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— California dried frultt:
Apples steady, other fruits generally firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common to good.
7@Sc: prime wire tray, B%c; choice. 9@9Kc;
fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— IO(S IO»tc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. Ilfl4c: Moorpark. 144916 c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, BU@l2V,c; p«*led. ISQ>
20c.
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23— For half an hour fol
lowing the opening In wheat trading was so
slow as to suggest an abandonment "t »|>orii
lation by the principal traders pending (!"•
holiday season, opening trades in Mm r.uu-.-l
from 6SVfcc to 68'ic, and almost Immeiiluti ly
declined to 67*i<gfi77*e. Cable* WW* Indifferent.
More favorable weather was report.'. l In Ar
gentine. Before 11 O'clock the market hud
grown strong on •vldaSOM <>f it revlvul nf th<>
foreign demand for American wlifjit, and befOf
noon the trading was limad ami |<«IM!ml I-lv
erpool reported Russian wheat iliaitr mil Mid
that the Argentine h.irve.st would tie v. ry lni<v
Khorta covered freely. liuy rime tO Me and
closed at M%c. Keller*.
A good business nan done In corn. Knrly
the market was easy, but It rnlllr.l with the
strength developed by wheat unit remained
strung to the close. May gained •>'« V' on th«
day.
Oats were firm, without much feature, fol
lowing corn's advance. May closed M<it%<s
higher. . •:'■"'
Provisions were very arttvo and showod more
strength than for weeks Mat, Hoi receipt!
were light and yard price* hlKhrr. Tills caused
good buying nt the start, and us tit.- aeaalon
advanced trading Im.thiic broad and general,
outsiders and prominent local trader* buying
heavily. The mark. wim Mr. nig to the. close.
May pork closed 27 I v<i:i'K: higher, nncl May
ribs 15c higher.
The leading futures ranged m follows:
Articles— Open. High! Low. Close.
Wheat No. I—
December 65** A 6% «B 66 7 4
May gfU 69 67% 68%
Jub' <«% 67Vi 66^ 67V*
Corn No. 2—
December U% Sfity 85% 86*4
May 37 37W 86% SV*
July ,-V. S7 '* 37*J 37 37*
Oats No, 2—
May 27% 27H 2674 274
July •••••••. ' =»*• 25% 25*{ 85Ti
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 9 67H 990 9 57V4 985
May » 9,'. 10 25 9 924 10 20
I«an1. per 100 pound*—
! January 5 22V4 630 520 5 27%
May 545 565 5 42% 5 52' i
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 4 72V* 4 87\4 4 72V4 455
May 4 I>3& Syw 490 505
Cash quotations were as follows:
.. } louri flrm: winter Patents. S3 60; straights,
$3 SO: spring specials. J4; spring patents. J.l 20®
3 50: No. 3 spring Wheat. 62<g65V4c; No. 2 red,
6SHc: No. 2 Corn, 34}; c; No. I Oats, 2G'^(ff26»ic;
No. 2 white. 2S«ic: No. 3 white, 27' 4 '92« 1 No.
2 Rye, ;.4U.,- : \,,. 2 Barley. I. o. b., ';!; -vi 4N 1 5 .."
No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 10: Prime Timothy Seed,
$2 SO; Mess Pork, per barrel, $s 55<S8 65; Lard,
per 100 pounds. $:» 1505 30; Short Rib Sides,
loose. $4 MV ( ,;,; pry Salted Shoulders, boxed.
4<h(5 1 4S»c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $3ffr. 05;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon
II 26; Sugar, cut loaf, 5.95 c: granulated. 5.33 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27.W 36,000
Wheat, bushels 125.000 62 WO
Corn, bufihels 343.000 114 001
Oats, bushels 351.000 253 001
Rye. bushels 32,0n0 5,000
Barley, bushels 83.000 11000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 145?2<H4c; dair
ies, 12H@17c. Cheese, dull; B*i<BloKc. Eggs,
quiet; fresh, lt@2le. - ••
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 633.790 27 640
Puluth ...'....
Milwaukee 77.350 37 606
Chicago ,
Toledo 30.474 '8*666
St. Louis 66.000 34 000
Detroit MM 11.666
Kansas City 53.000 59.000
Totals ""7777771" "7777777 !
Tidewater —
osto s. 77.481 141,557
New York 277.500 241.645
Philadelphia 19.457 105.361
Baltimore 135.651 246.619
New Orleans .. 000
Galveston 92,592 20,600
Totals 606,711 773,752
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 11 6 9*4 6 sx^
Closing 5 lift 6 10 6S>4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour—
Opening ....' 45 60 45 10
Closing ...45 10 45 00
Wheat-
Opening i jo 60 2100
Closing 20 60 20 95
' EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 23.— CATTLE-Strong and in
some Instances higher. Common grades of beef
; steers, *3 S*34 95; good to choice, $5®5 65: a few
fancy droves at $5 7006 80; stackers and feed
ers, $3@4 40; calves were unchanged.
HOGS— Ruled s@loc higher; sales largely at
$3 37>4@3 50, hogs selling at an extreme range
of 13 20*33 55, while pigs brought $3<g3 25.
SHEEP— demand for sheep and lambs
was small and prices were barely steady.
i Sheep, $26-4 25 for Inferior to prime, sales
! largely at 13 40<?}4; yearlings. |4@4 50; lambs.
S3 75®5 30 for poor to prime flocks, the greater
part at So@s 60; heavy sheep and lambs were
neglected.
: i Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 23,000; •heep.
7000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 11.300.
Market active. Native beef 6teers, 14 1035 50;
"Western steers, $3 So@ 4 40: Texas steers. $3 60®
4 10; cows and heifers. $3@4 10; canners, |2@
2 90; stockers and feeders, $3 3034 40; calves.
$4 7; bulls and stags. $2@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 10.400. Market a shade
lower. Heavy, $3 35(i?3 40; mixed, $3 359% S7H;
light. $3 37'*®3 42Vi; plge, J3®3 30; bulk of sales,
J3 35«3 r,V,.
SHEEP— 300. Market steady to
stronger. Native lambs, $3 50-5 4 25; Western
muttons, $3 40®4; stock sheep, $3 50; lambs, %ijs
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 23.— Receipts,
2500. Market stronger. Native steers, $3<S?4 50;
Texas cows, $1 75©3 25; native cows and heifers
$1 50@4 25; stockers and feeders, $2 3Mj4 S5;
bulls. $2 05-53 45.
! Receipts. 10.000. Market active, strong
to 10c higher; bulk of sales. $3 30@3 45: heavies,
' $3 27&@3 55; packers. *3 2503 45; mixed, $3 20"i
3 40; lights. J3 15ig3 35; yorkers, $3 30^3 35;
plgs,J2 90® 3 25.
SHEEP— -Receipts, 1000. Market strong.
Lambs, $3*gs 25; muttons, S3@4 60.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts 200.
Market steady but slow. Beef steers, $3 750
4 25; cows. $2 5003 25; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 25@4; stockers, freight paid, $3 35®
4 15; bulls, stags, etc., $1 7r,'^2 50.
Receipts 100. Market quiet and shade
higher. Light packers. $3 30@3 35; mixed, 13 25
@3 30: heavy, *3 10£3 20.
I SHEEP— Receipts none.
DRIED FRUITS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— The Journal of Com
merce says: While as usual at this time of the
year the movement of dried fruits from first
hands Is slow, general feeling among holders
Is one of confidence, and good business Is look
ed for early in January. Recent auction sales
both of California and Imported fruits have
taken out of the market a considerable quan
tity of stock which might otherwise have been
pressed for rale later on, thus continuing the
unsettled feeling:. While these auction sales
have not been as successful as had been ex
pected, the results appear to have given fair
satisfaction to sellers, and it is believed they
will be continued. With the exception of rai
sins all kinds of California dried fruits appear
to be In a good position statistically. The
conditions existing In the California drfed fruit
market to-day are said to differ from those
usually present at this season In that there
have been very few consigned goods this year
and consequently stocks In Eastern markets
are under better control than is generally the
case.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Dec. 23.— Consols. 110%; silver.
TJ%i; French rentes, lOlf 77^d: wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, quiet and steady; English country
markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 23.— Wheat, dull: Trench
country markets, firmer; weather In England,
clear, cold.
COTTON— Upland. 3 3-32 d.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 2 red Western win
ter. 6s 2Vid. Futures closed quiet: December
Bs ll^d; March, os lCd; May, 6s B%d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, 4s. Fu
tures, steady; December, 3s ll%d; January,
nominal; March, 3s 10% d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. 23.— Exchanges, $338 -
831; balances, $96,090.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 23.— There was a bet
ter feeling in the wheat market to-day, and for
the first time In many weeks locally, quota
tions of SS4SS9c were made for Walla Walla
and 61!*@62c for Valley and Blue Stem.
Cleared— Ship Samoena, with 119,242 bushels
wheat; ihjp Perseverance, .with 114,942 bushels
wheat; bark Buteshire, with 111,026 bushels
wheat: all for Que^nslown.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portlond for
the week ending tO-O>y W*ra 771.473 hunhels.
WASHINfJTON.
TACOMA, Wash., l_>o<\ 2.1. -Wheat— Club. 59c;
Blue Stem, 62(jj6?.c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANOE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — ' $4 R2%
Sterling Exchange, »i«ht — 4 KM
Sterling Cable* — 4 MM
New York exchange, 5ight........ — 15
New York exchange, telegrapblo.. — 174
Finn Silver, par ounce — sick,
Mexican Dollars ° — 474
WHKAT ANI> OTHBK 'JIIAINH.
WHRAT— The tnnrkrt wns firm but not ma
terially ehangvd There will be no more busi
ness until Tuesday.
«, S .i", W"'" 1 "- sll| l'l >ln B. *1 13%Q!1 16%; mllllnc,
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal *.-mi«i.,m o'clock-May— 4ooo ctls,
II IB*; 11,000, H itH.
5.r.,,,,1 ifeiilon-May-6000 ctls. SI. 19%; 52.000,
II 1.174.
Hf-ttiihir morning session— May— 24.ooo ctls,
11 i -i. 12.000. $1 19%.
Cxrhanjtt "adjourned to Tuesday.
HAIU,KV Higher prices ruled, both on and
off call, with not much trading.
Feed, SI 27H@1 30; Brewing, SI 35@1 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Kccond session— December— 4ooo ctls. $1 34.
{tegular morning session— May— ctls,
*1 22U. . .
Kxcnange adjourned to Tuesday.
OATS— The market Is very stiff at the ad
vance.
Fancy Feed, $1 30@l 32^ per ctl; good to
choice. Jl 2r.®r 1 27H,; common. $1 20@l 22H; Sur
prise. $ir.Ql42'-- Gray, $1 23©1 i 0: Milling.
Jl 2.'>s<i/i 32V4 per ctl; Red, $1 45@1 60; Black,
»1 60dJ)l 75.
COKN— The firmness continues and dealers
are asking an advance for yellow.
Small round yellow, $1 20: Eastern large yel
low, Jl 12%@1 15; white, $1 12H@1 15; mixed,
$1 07H«1 10 per ctl; California white, Jl 12&@
California, SI 17Vj@l 22' i; Eastern, 11 15
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 8358 barrels
Flour.
FLOUR— Family extras, H 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $3 90<§"4 per bbl.
MILLSTUKFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. J3 25 per 100 pounds; Rye Flour, J2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 60; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50: Hominy, S3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, J4@4 25: Cracked W neat, S3 75; Farina,
14 50; Whole Wheat Flour. S3 60; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85@6 25; in sacks, S3 65$ 6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, J4 50
per 100 lbs. .."';;.;
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay buyers showed v rather more disposition
to take hold, but the market was quiet. Bran
and Middlings are firm and the former is 50c
higher.
BRAN— SIS 50@17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-H9S2O 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 50@27 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31i§'31 50;
Jobbing, $325j32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal. -'23 50©
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25.
CALIFORNIA Wheat. $16 60@18 for
good to choice and JUS 16 lor lower grades;
no fancy coming In: Wheat and Oat. $15@16 50;
Oat, $14fg15 60; Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa.
$11.yi2 50: Stock, $11#12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50@15; Cheat,
$1175:512 75; Alfalfa. $10@10 50; Oat, $1150015;
Clover, $11 50@12; Timothy, $11 50@13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Previous prices are quoted. White Beans
continue firm and colored weak. ;*; * • -
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85@2; Small Whites, $2 15
@2 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 55; Pinks. $1 95@
2 05; Reds, $3 15@3 25: Blackeye, $3 75@4; But
ters, $2'a2 50; Li mas. $3 25@3 35; Pea. $2 2552 it);
Red Kidneys, $2 4062 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 sd*?4 75 per ctl;
yellow mustard. $4 25; Flax, iZ'iti 25; Canary
Seed, 2!i@2£c per lb; Alfalfa. i~UJt%C: Rape.
2ii^2^,c; Hemp/ 2Ug3c; Timothy. 5@54c.
DRIED PEAS— Niies, $1 50@l 75; Green, $1 75
(gl iso per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
With the exception of Sweets, which are
firm, the Potato market Is weak, though prices
are no lower. Onions are unchanged. Vege
tables continue scarce and firm. Cucumbers
from Sacramento brought $3 per dozen.
POTATOES — 50@65c per ctl for Early Rose:
65@90c per sack for River Burbanks: Salinas
Burbanks, 75c4?5l 25; Oregon, 75c® $1 10: Sweet
Potatoes. $1 60^1 75 for Merced; New Potatoes.
2j?2Uc per lb.
ONIONS— SO@7Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 10c; String
Beans, 15c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes,
75e@1l 50 for Los Angeles: Egg Plant, 15c per
lb; Garlic, 7£Sc per lb: Dried UKra. 15c per lb:
Green Peppers. s@6c per Ib; Dried Peppers, 102
Isc; Marrowfat Squash. $S@lo per ton; Carrots,
25<335c per tack. <_• < .'- -.:.< - : : :
POULTRY AND GAME.
The Turkey market was not co good yester
day. Stocks were larger and the demand fell
oft. Prices did not decline, but bujing ceased
and there was considerable stock carried over,
almost all dealers having a number of cases
on hand at the close.
Other Poultry remained about th« same.
Game showed no change.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14-glSc; live
Turkeys, 14*jl5c for Gobblers and I4fflsc
for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 504? 1 75: Ducks.
J4'?'6; Hens, 13^4 50; young Roosters. WS
4 50; old Roosters. $4; Fryers. J4; Broilers, J4
for large, J3@3 50 for small: Pigeons, $I@l 25 per
dozen for old and II 50^2 for Squabs.
GAME-Quail. »1 25; Mallard. *3g4 50; Can
vasback. $4@6; Sprig. $2<g3; Teal, $1 25® 1 50;
Widgeon. II 50: Small Duck, $I©l 25; English
Selpe. $2; Jack Snipe. $I^l 25; Gray Geese. 12 50
£»: White Geese. $1 25; Brant. Jl 25® 1 75: Hon
k-rti. $3£4 50; Hare, »l; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is weak and dealers are looking for
a decline almost any day. There Is no chang©
In Eggs and Cheese.
BUTTER-
Creamery — Fancy creameries, !9®3oc; »ec
onds, 28c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25@27c; common
grades, 18<S24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 17@18c; pickled roll,
17©18 c for dairy and 19Q20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 22@22 I *c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16^c per
lb; Elgin. 22(322Hc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12@124c; old, 10
®llc; Cream Cheddar, 12(ffl2Vic; Young Amer
ica. 12@13c; Eastern, 10«?l2c. .
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 55937<4c per dczen; sec
onds, 30(533c; Fastern, 12V4®25c for ordinary
and 28<g30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS TOUITS.
There Is no scarcity In anything and the
demand Is slow. Prices remain unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 60@10 per barrel for East
ern, and Ilffl 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35@60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25'ffl 50 for chcice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 25(51 75; Apples, In barrels, $6® 9.
Pears— soc@sl 25 per box.
Persimmons — 75c@$l per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $l@2 50 per
box; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins, Jl@l 25;
Lemony, 75cf?tl 50 for common and J2@3 tor
Rood to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 50*^4; Cali
fornia Limes. 2S@7sc per small box; Grape
Fruit, Jl 60®3 50; Bananas, Jl 50@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3®>s per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 6',4c for 40-50' s, 4^g>
6c for 50-60's. 3&@3%c for 60-70's. 2%i@3c for
70-80' s. 2<4@2%c for 80-90' s. 2c for 90-100' s and
1!4®1%c fur 100-110"s: Sliver Prunes, 2H@sc;
Peaches, 6@7**c for good to choice, V±@&c for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots. 10@12e
for Royals and 12@12-£c for Moorpark; Evapo
! rated Apples, 7^4<5p7»4c; sun dried. i@4%c; Black
Figs, sacks, 2@2Hc; Plums, 4Vi®6c for pitted
end KglVfec for unpltted; Nectarines, 6@fc for
prime to fancy: Pears. 6@Bc for quarters and
sftSc for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. i%c for three
crown, 5&o for four-crown, 5H@6Hc for Seed
less Sultanas. (Up for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%'g3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. Sra^c per lb; Walnuts,
7@Bc for hardshell, 9<&loc for softshell; Al
| monds, 7@Bc for hardshell. 13014 c for softshell,
lS<&l6c for paper-shell: Peanuts, B@7c for East
ern and ±4@sc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50
@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10<311c for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6^<9
1c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s©sHc
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@J6c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7V4c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, lOVfcc
for extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10@10Hc; California
Hams. 9%@9»;c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef. 112 50; extra
Prime Pork. $10; extra clear. $18; mess, $15 &oa
16; Smoked Beef, 11%@12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5Hc per lb for com
pound and 7@7>4c for pure: half-barrels, pure
7Hc; 10-lb tins. 7%c; 5-lb tins. Be.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. oT^tte; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls. M In a case, $\Lc
8-lb pails. 20 In a case. B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case, S%c: io-ib palls, « In a case. B%c; 60-lb
tins. 1 or 2 In a case. "Tjc: wooden buckets 20
lbs net. 8»4c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barreU, about 110 lbs. 7\c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 10c under the ' quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S'4c; light. 8c; Cowhides.
8c; Stags. Cc; Salted Kip, 8c: Calf. 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal. 15c: dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 150*250 each; short wool. 30ffi4Vo
each;- medium, 60@80c;' long wool, 90c® $1 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 76^2 for large and
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and Coc@sl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3y,<33%c per n>:
No. 2. 2»ic: refined. 4?iifi;sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months', 7@9c; Pan Joaquin and Southern, 7
months'. S?f9o; Foothill and Northern. free. 12
Wl4c: 'Foothill and Northern, defective. 9<311c:
HumboMt and Mendoclno. 14315 c; Nevada. 90
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10<812c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and M»ndoclno 8011
Northern 'Mountain .; I'd A
Pomhern : 6© VA
Plains b® <
HOPS— ISBS crop. UH#Me p"r n> for ordinary.
14H01M6C for good and |f/cflßc for choice to
fancy. : i- -
oenerai- merchandise:.
BAOS-^Calctittft Clrnln Barn for next season,
nominal, at 4%©&r; Wool Bags, 26<32Jc; San
Quentln Rag". $4 r,.
COAL— Wellington, I* per ton; New Welllnr
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 bo; Seattle,
}6; Bryant, !«; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $8 &0-'/D In bulk and $10
010 25 In racks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Cannel, $8 60 per ton; Hock Springs and
Cattle Gate. $7 M; Coke. $12 per .ion In bulk
and $14 In »ack». • rj~ . '.-.''■ '^:
RlCE— China mixed, $3 95^4; China No. 1.
$4 6004 90; extra do, $S«.i 36; Hawaiian, $5 60;
Japan. $4 604N 7.'.; Louisiana, $5 50@6 50.
SUGAR- Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash:. Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c: Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A. 6*ic: California A. s^c: Magnolia A.
6%c; Extra C. 5%c; Golden C, 5Uc; half-barrels.
He more than barrels, tv ' boxes %c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef Is firm and now and then a choice beef
sells up to 7c. Mutton and Lamb are un
changed. Hogs have again advanced.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6V4@6*ic; second qual
ity, 6©6« c: third quality, 4H©s^c.
VEAL— Larpre. 6<4<S7Vic: small. 6H@Bo per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7#7%c; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— 7>4<!rßc per It).
PORK— Live Hogs. 4S>4Uc for large, 4«4*f4".r
for medium, and 3%<33V>c for small; stock
Hogs, 2Vi@3c; dressed Hogs. 6@6Uc for prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Friday. December 23.
Flour, qr pks 12.180 iHops>, bales 76
Wheat. rt!s 6S. oo4 'Straw, tons 4
Barley, ctls 4,375 Hay. tons 326
mm. ctls 4. r »0 Pelts, bdls 1,13.-
P-Jtter, ctls 109; Brandy, gals 21,097
Cheese, ctls 71 Wine, gals 113,600
Beanp. sks I.oß4 'Hides, no R67
Potatoes, sks 4.V.1 F-ggs. doz 7,440
Onions, sks 330 Raisins, bxs 4*l
Bran, pks 1.100 Leather, rolls 5.1
Middlings, sks... 2<V) Quicksilver, flks. 55
Mustard, sks 243 Lime, bbls 91
Wool, bales r>6
OREGON.
Flaxseed, sks 4^3, Hay, tons 10
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 50!
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter Is still dearer. There Is no change In i
Cheese or Eggs.
Vegetables are scarce and the summer kinds
are dearer.
The fruit market Is well supplied with Apples
| and Oranges.
Turkeys are dearer, ■as usual Just before |
Christmas, but there is no scarcity apparent.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly j
price list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ nt 12 00 Castle Gate.. s9 60<S
Wellington . ®10 00'Southn>ld -
New Welling- I Wellington - — 0 950
ton 10 00 Coos Bay ——& 7 00
Seattle 8 Cti@- — I
Dairy Produce, etc.—
i Butter, fancy, per . 'Cheese. Swigs 20025
square 601J65 Common Eggs . .3557 —
Do, per roll iOtfiio Ranch Eggs, per
Do. good — @45 dozen 400 —
Pickled 35640: Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per 1b..— ©25 lb 125?15
Cheese. Cal — 015 Do. extracted ..— <2lo
Cheese. Eastern. .l3@l7
Meats, per lb.— .
Bacon 12^171 Pork, fresh — <5?13
Beef, choice 15813 Pork, salt lOSl*
Do, good 10 Pork, chops — ©iE
Corned Beef —ft S Round Steak ....10012
Ham, Cal 12H@15' Sirloin Steak ....12<31S
Do. Eastern ...— SIS Porterhouse d0...— <520
La-ni 12615 Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton 101712 Pork Sausages. .i;i s<72os <720
Lamb 12£15 Veal „. lotfls
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each.... BO^f 60 Quail, pr doz.l 60^1 75
j Toung Roost- I Mallard, pair. 756100
i era. each... 509 65 Canvasback. Pr .
Old Roosters, • I pair . ....... .1 00©1 50 !
each 40@ 50 Sprig, pr pair. 60©' 75
Fryers, each.. 60@ — Teal, pr pair 40® — i
Broilers, each. —It 40. Widgeon, pair 4*3 so !
; turkeys, pr lb — # 20 Small Dock... 35© —
! Ducks, each... 50© 75 Wild Geese pr .
I Geese, each... 1 00© 1 25 1 pair ....." 50® 60
I Pigeons, pair.. 25?J 50|English Snipe,
! Rabbits, pair. — @ 40 per doz ......2 500 —
Hare, each.... — @ 201 Jack Snipe.... l sOgl 75
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, lb lO012!l,ime8. doz 10013
Apples, lb 4S 8 1 Oranges, doz .. 25240
Bananas, doz 15@20|Pears. per lb.. . 4Qs 6
Cranberries, pr qt.l2«ili- Raisins, lb .... s«in
Grapes, per 1b... SfilO, Walnuts, lb 12&15
Lemons, doz 20#— I *-«m
Vegetables — . •
Artichokes, doz.B3@l X Mushrooms, 1b.... 25650
Beets, doz 12513 Ontons, lb 495
Beans, white, lb.. 4& 5 Potatoes, lb •>& 3 !
Colored, lb 40 5 Do, Sweet 35 4
Lima, lb 56— Parsnips, doz 15620
Cabbage, each.... 5016 Radishes, dz bchslOQi2
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Sage, doz bnchs.2so3s
Celery, bunch I'd— String Beans, 1b.15©20 ' '
Cress, doz buchs.2oS2s Thyme, lb •20®30 I
Green Peas, 1b....12Q — Turnips, d0z.... 15620 I ,
Lentils, lb 6!^ 8 Tomatoes, lb ... 10® 1» .
Lettuce, doz 15<g25; .. -iw»i-
Fish, per lb.— -
Barracuda — <8»— I Shrimps SSIO
Carp :. 6 Shad 60 8
Codfish 10©12 Sea Bass 10«i|
Flounders ....:... 5® 6 Smelts IS(9—
Herring &@lO l Soles .: sain
Halibut ..-012 Skates, each ...... s©lo
Kingflsh Tomcod 10®i»
Mackerel .........— o— i Clams, gal — /?5o
Do Horse .-§— Do. hardshell, 100.40«5O
Perch 8010 Crabs, each ... io@ls
Pompano 1 00@1 50 Do. softshell, d0z.25©35
Rockfish 10012- Mussels, qt .... 10S12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o©— (Oysters Cal 100 40®—
Salmon. fresh — 10@I2}Do, Eastern. doz'2seso
Sturgeon 120151 . T*.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW ■WESTERN- HOTEL.
H Hewitt, S Jose jJ V Knouff, B C
J McDonough. Colfax I Mrs C Wheatfleld X T
W. Brown, Redding H Warner, Spokane
J Jobe. Redding V Marsiliot. Astoria
P Flnberg. Fresno ,M Ferris. Suisun
P Murtha&w, L Gatos J C Walker, L An;
J P Thompson, Sacto : P Hausen, Reno
C B Wlsner, Detroit D Rowland, Livermore
H Lee & «• B C CM Smiley. Chicago
J L Ross, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL,.
F Pabst & w. Wis JC M Games. X T
F Boggs, Colusa R T Schrabstalter XT
F J Brandon. S Jose C H Isham. Alaska
F H Figel & w, S Jose H Surnburne, England
T W Kline. Pa (3 H Evans. Oroville-
W Bettens. Byron )i W Truman. Cal
Mrs L B Kline, Edgmt M Booth. Portland
Mrs E H Stetham. Id U" J Field. Monterev
P L Schuman, Chgo iA Lougiri, BaltlmoVe
J A Clark. NY W L Holmes. England
B D Murphy, S Jose Jtf W Weil. Chgo
£ Germain, L Ang W Forstner, N V
F L Orcutt. L Ang J' Haurlvii. N V
H Gottschalk, Chgo V M Viekery X V
M Grau. N' V F D Haestls.' Tacoma.
B Feiaman. Ohio Mrs G D Haestis Chro
Dr W L Bell, DSN b T> .fanning, N yy S °
GRAND HOTEL,
M R Paige. Stockton ,E t; l;rum. Ogden
J T Luttrell. Cal T Duncan. Wash
Q W Ball. Cal V F Blankcnbuker A
O H Huber, L Ang w. Great Falls
F J Everett & w. Cal Mrs A J Dart N V
J H Smith, Ind Miss E Dart M V
T H Wallls. Sacto O Dart. N V
J W Thompson, w & c, R C Smith. Napa
NY G A Brown Salem
J Miller. Oakland W C Daggett A: w Cal
H A Unruh &w. Cal Miss G W Vandenbur*
H C White, L Ang Stockton "*
H J Pfluger. Cal A H Huber. L Ang
F I Everett. Oakland U S Gregon 1 . Jackson
W F Price. S Rosa C Frazer. Sonora
T T Turner, Pomona |R T Eastman Chicago
G D Mowin. Blue Lake I W D Chamberlain Cal
J A Blaslngame & w, ; J Woolfsklll L Ang
Fresno |W Kemp. Redding
A W Mrlntlre. DenveriMrs N V C'cate Cal
E L Webber, Napa T J Llscher. Mich
B F Hartley. L Ang G C Sun. Pa.
R Luscomb, Wls H R Sterne 3 Jose
J F Arnette. Wls W II Miller. Uklah
C W Rosslter, Stanford; C Wright & w Cal
Mrs N M Sanger, Cal Miss M Brown' Cal
F Sllva. S Leandro SA J Holmes &' fB C
G Wiley, P Costa ' '
In a recently patented bicycle saddle the
frame Is pivoted at the end" of the post to
tilt forward and backward, an adjustable
coiled spring being attached to the point
of the saddle to allow it to swing back
until the tension of the spring balances
the weight of the rider. umances
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
December, ISSS.
w«
Mooa'n Phases,
jo- Last- Quarter,
Decora bf>r «.
jf> . New Moon.
W December IS.
-mKir»t Quarter,
jrDeoember 19,
(~\ Full Mood.
WDeoomber A.
«
v
2
t>
3
9
18
"a"
i
38
1 10;
i:
21
1*
31
=.4-
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the T'nlted States Hydrographla
Offli-e, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In Pan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th«
office, where complete set" of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
fur i-omparlson and reference, and the latest
Information can always b° obtained regarding
lights, dangers t" navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the f*ot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. l?"th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
rptvp-i each <lay from the I'nlted States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice statin* whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. Is published
In the morning papers the foil,, wine day
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U S N . in charce.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front fMlssim-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point*
the hr-lght of tide If the same at both places.
RATIRDAY. DECEMBER 24.
Sun rises 7:2J
Sun sets ; 4:5$
Moon sets i 4:28 a, m.
Ft.!
24 ...I 1:54
25 ... 2:42;
26 ...! 3:28!
IH Wl
n...1n ...1 »:U]
28 ... 0:56!
29 ... 1:301
30 ... 2:01 '
1:54
2:42
l:»
I w
O:1R
3.0) 8:20] 6.8) S:S7'— o.4 1 l«:4t| 4.1
I S.I »:>'): 6.91 4:38 — <V 7 11:34 4.2
! 5.2 9:39! 5.8! 4:s»;— O.Si •
LWH W L W
4.S 4:1.1 3.3 10:171 5.8J 5:34 — O.g
| 4.4 4:f,6 3.?. W:SJ 5.8 6:07—0 7
4.5 5:3* 3.2 11:22 :..3 (:40 — 0.5
4.fi 6:24 3.1 \Z:U 5.1 7:11—0.2
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column (fives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third ttds
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, excopt when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
I'nlted States Coast Survej- charts, except
■when a minus sign (— ) r>rf-edes the height
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r^ferf-m-p is the rre.-in r.r th<> lower low v.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrogrraphic Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.. De
cember 23, IS9S.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S HUGHES,
Lieutenant. XJ. 9. N.. in oharg*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Leelanaw .Seattle Dec. 24
Fulton Portland Dec. 24
Del N'orte TlllHmonk \T)er. 24
Signal Portland Dec. 24
Alliance Oregon Ports Dec. 24
Orizaba Newport j Dec. 25
Samoa Humboldt 'Dec. 2S
Empire C<v->s Bay IDec. 25
Waphtenaw Tacoma Dec. 25
State Calilomia P> rtianrl [Stc. i->
Wyefield Xanaimo 'Dec. 25
Chilkat Humnbldt Dec. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego iDec. :'7
China f'hina and Japan I Dec. 27
Weeott Taqulna Bay Dec. 27
Arcata Coos Bay Dec. 27
Centennial Seattle Dec. 27
Wellington Departure Bay Dec. 27
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 2S
Vmatllla & Puget Sound Dec. 2S
Acapulco Panama Dec. 2t
Coos Bay 'Newport Dec. 2^
Mackinaw Tacrma Dec. 25
North Fork 'Humboldt Pec. M
Corona San Diego Dec. 31
Columbia Portland Dec. 31
Chas. Xelton... Puget Sound Dec. 31
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. ! Pier.
Columbia .. Portland Dee. 24, 10 am Pier 14
Pt. Arena. .[Point Arena.. Dec. 24. 3 pm Pier 2
Gaelic China&Japan Dec. 24. 1 prr. >'MSS
Aloha Point Arena.., Dec. 24, 5 pm Pier 2
Corona San D1ep0.."... Dec 2.. 11 ami Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt.... Dec. 25. 2 Pier <
Orizaba. .... Newport Dec 27. 9 am Pier 11
Walla "Wall Vie & P*t Dec. 27. 10 ami Pier ■»
Chllkat IHumboldt.... Dec. 27. 10 ami Pier 13
City Par*.. I Panama 'Dec 28. 12 ra.PMSS
Alameda ...Sydney Dec. 2S, 10 Pier 7
Alliance ...'Oregon Ports. Dec. 2S. 10 ami Pier 20
State of Portland Dec. 59. 10 am Pier 2*
Santa Rosa' San Diego : Dec. 29. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata . (Coos Bay (Dec. 29. 10 am Pier 13
Signal iOray* Harbor! Dec. 19,' ......1.'...::.
Weeott lYaquina Bay.l Dee. IT. 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay...|Xewport Dec. 31. 9 am Pier 11
Steamer. :
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING ISTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 22.
Ptmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 60 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr llineola, David, $5 hours from Ta
coma. »
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, — hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Ruth, Strand. s^i days from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr WTiltesboro, Johnson, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. W hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Walla "Walla, Wallace, 63 hoars from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. 17 hours from Cle
one, bound south; put in to land passengers.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, S4 hours from De
parture Bay.
Ship Oriental. Parker. It days from De
parture Bay.
CLEARED.
Friday, December X 2.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria.; O R A N
Stmr l ainette ' Hansen - Nanalmo; Faclflo
t^oast o o L.O.
Ger schr Mascotte, Sehwarting, Matupl; Wil-
KIP»3 ct (_ 0.
SAILED.
Friday, December U.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cru»
HSonW H^lu^ ***— ""
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, southern coast.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson. Eureka.
Br bark Inverlock, Milne. Portland.
lc r hX 1 m. H Son B S'B^ mSea ' XUIte *
bj Schr Maggie C Russ, Kallenber*. Port Gam-
Die.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, Grays Harbor
CHARTERS.
The Compeer loads lumber at Grays Haroor
for Santa Rosalia; Jessie Minor, redwood at
Eureka for Honolulu. *
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 23. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity W miles p»r hour
SPOKEN.
Nov 19, 22 S, 30 W— Br ship Prtmro«« HUL
from Shields, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Sailed Dec Stmr Hueneme. for — • «chr
Ha^ru?n Uh^r I^nf^ FranCtsC0 = »«M«*
foT'sa^FSlc^^ «"» ™ NOrta «
ro^P^t^^'- 541^ 2a - Bart A^ t9 -
SOUTH BEND-Sailed Dec 23 " Schr Beulah.
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 23— Br stmr Garrone
from Honolulu: stmr Homer, from Dyea
H Sailed;De C 23-Haw bark Mauna Ala, for
W^ RT TOWNSEND^Arrived Dec 23_Br .hip
« alter H T\ 'l son - from Royal Roads; Haw
Bark Mauna Ala. from Seattle, for Hllo
PORT GAMBLE - Arrived Dec 23 - Bark
Agate, from Port Ludlow. - *•»«»
jJACOMA-Salled Dec 23-Schr R W Bartlett.
ASTORIA-Arrlved Dec 23-Ger baric H F
Glade from Honolulu: stmr G W Elder, hence
Dec 21; stmr El more, from South Bend
. Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Columbia, for Hong-
Kong 1 .
_USAL— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. . . ; . - . .
POINT ARENA-Sailed Dec 23-Stmr Alca
traz, for Port Los Angeles
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Dec 23— Ship Wa
chusett. for Sydney.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay. ■ .
Sailed Dec Schr Jennie Wand, for Ban
Francisco. .
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Allianca.
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Deo 22— Stmr St Paul
hence Nev 18.
SANTA ROSALlA— Arrived Dec 2— Ger ship
Malpo, from Hamburg. •
ANTWERP— SaiIed Dec . 22— Br ship Natuna
for Port Los Angeles.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Salled Dec 23-Stmr Peninsu
lar, for Lisbon; stmr Moravfa. for Hamburg;
stmr St Paul, for Southampton; stmr Ger
manic, for Liverpool: stmr Friesland. for Ant
werp: stmr Werkendam. for Rotterdam; stmr
Assyrian, for Glasgow.
Arrived Dec Stmr Europe, from London.
. PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Ned
erlands, from Antwerp; stmr Minnesota, from
London. ■■• ri - * ■■■■■: ■ ■ -■ ■
QUEENTOWN— Passes Dec 23— Strar Cymric,
New York, for ' Liverpool (did not communi
cate, with shore on account of severe gale).
- HALlFAX— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Siberian,
from Glasgow, and sailed for Philadelphia.
BOSTON— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Sylvania,
from Liverpool. ■ . • . .. •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Switzer
land, from Philadelphia.
Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Bovic, for New .York.
■ NAPLES— galled Deo 23--Stmr Britannia tar
New York, .- <^.vJOBBERY IS
RAMPANT OUT
AT INGLESIDE
Another Disgraceful
Hurdle Affair.
OCTURUCK WAS NOMINATED
REDDINGTON, FIRST CHOICE,
WAS LEFT.
Three Favorites in Front — Paul
Griggs Took the Handicap in a
Jog — A Poor Start De
feated Joe Ullman.
When Octuruck landed the hurdle
event at Ingleside yesterday at odds of
30 to 1. An.iy Blakeley, the "little Na
poleon" of the steeplechase game, made
one of the coups of his career. To a
farmer who was born In the redwoods
: ever saw a ship, the work executed
i very clever. To a patient ob
server of things general in the ring
it was coarse and woolly. It only r»>
n how long a California
public will stand for the ma
chinations of the clique now controlling
the jumping-horse business. While the
barefaced rob
- tlu- track across the bay elim
inated steeplechase and hurdle events
from its calendar.
Th. urday was a hurdle han
dicap over oik- mile and a furlong, with
Ed Corrigan's jumper Reddington, carry
ing 1 ruling a 2 to 1 favorite at
Lme. if the horse was at any time
■. the betting about him wore a very
careworn look. Two well-known bouk-
I one time laid 3 to 1 straight,
I a place ar.d even money to show
against the jumper. And the judges took
■ it. If PF. the second choice,
was r.ot deliberately pulled, then Cairns,
his rider, is an imbecile, for he could
have "won a block." Neither did the
Btand notice this invigorating exhibition.
At the very start T. Murphy on x.edding-
Dt left at the post. "To carry out
mmc Murpny pulled his mount
up before the stand, his face seamed and
the picture of despair. Then
all of the Chicago confederacy fell on
tht-ir kn« ts and wept— wept bitter tears of
-h that Octuruck might win. Fnr
ruck had been played down to 15,
California "suckers" were
grabbing at R-ddington, and Ezell's horse
>3M win by a head from Granger. Ed
in was credited with making quite
Illng" on the outsider — some say
Possibly he lost that much on his
own h
Xo great amount of enthusiasm was
manifest ovr-r any of the numbers
ft. The betting was crotchety and
ius, and th» twenty-one bookmakers
:■ pressed for time. Favorites
. md off of It by capturing three
The first event, a six furlong sprint for
went to Billy Randall's
■T'.t Ballista. The young
• favorite over Tirade, and
in a gruelling drive downed the latter by
. The winner was ridden by Henry
■ au took the show.
trteen maidens lined up at the bar
r:< r in the five furlong scramble that fol-
B voy installed favorite. Es
pirand i to I shot, headed My Dear
•oh. and at the wire won easily
fri>m the favorite.
Th.-. seven furlong handicap was only a
romp for Paul Griggs. The gray norse
was Bunco, and led Topmast out
tinder restraint. No via finished third, with
M..r;. - 8 nd h^r.
A poo* start contributed to the defeat
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Friday, Dec. 23, 1898.— Twenty-third
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track
slow.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. . JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
iao FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; two- year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Bone.
Weight.
Vim.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
<34») Balllsta .1
(3H7) Tirade U8 1
861 Rowbeau 115 3
inprai^e 118 5
897 Merops 113 6
... Whaleback 1181 4
-• •
1 1
2 h
4 3
3 M
c
5 h
1 IVi
2 1
4 2
3 1
5 2
6
1 h
2 1
3 4
4 4
5 10
1 n
2 1
36
4 1
6 15
6
H. Martin
2 8-5
8-2 11-5
20 SO
30 150
6 6
Macklln
Spencer
I Scan champ ..
Ames
Thorpe !
Time — V*. :25Vi; Vs. :52; %, l:l7Vi- Winner, W. D. Randall's b. c. by Sam Lucas-Imp.
Balsam of Fir. Good mart. Won first three driving.
•mt-r scored through superior tactics on the part of his rider. Rosebeau received
m smooth Spencerian ride. Whaleback had worked great guns.
Af\A SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; maidenß; all «es; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
1
, I J
814 Esplrando, 3 107 6
SSS Bevoy, 3 107 3
ZW Scintillate. 3 107 5
333 Martello, 2 100 7
162 De Los Reyes, 3 107 2
317 St. Kristine, 2 «7 9
SM Melkarth. 3 107 10
337 Sierra Blanco, 3. ...107.11
3«3 My Dear. '2 87 j 1
255 Peach Blossom, 2.. 97 j 4
3'S, mo, 4 112' 8
h2 Bland, 2 100112
SS3 Silver Girl, 2 6713
... ■ the, 3 107J14
1 1
3 1
6 1
7 Vi
5h
10 4
9 4
8 h
1 h
4 h
s*
12
13
14
2 2
3 1
4 3
\t
9 3
10 2
5 2
1 h
8 Vi
11
12
v
14
!•••
1 IMJ 'Gray
2 h Thorpe ..;
3 h H. Martin
4 4 Devin
5 H Ames
•6 H W. H. Martin
7 h Beau champ ..
8 1 Rutter
9 10 iMcNlchols ...
10 V 4 Houck
11 Macklin
12 I. Powell
13 J. Woods
14 J. Ward
6 8
3 13-5
6 6
40 60
15 20
12 30
7 10
6 10
20 X
20 100
20 6")
20 100
Time— V4. :2SVi: %. :3SVi: %. l:04V». Winner, J. N'aglee Burkes blk. g. by imp. Brutus-
Ardente. Good start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
The distance puited the limited speed supply of the winner. The whole bunch Bold at
auction would not bring an amount large enough to buy a. humming bird a toothpick.
ibella 107.
yd i~\BS THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; handicap; three-year-olda and upward;
*t\J*y» o_T five hurdles; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
iSt. Std.
Vim. Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Z'<Z Ockturuck. 3 1251 4
(375) ranger, a M»l 1
2*j3 Major S. 6 137 ?
303 ll— ard. 4 1301 5
275 p f 4 1 32 6
I*3 Tortoni. a .140 8
3i3 Rossmore, a 134 7
252 Viklni?, 4 15S 2
(Z:<2) Redrtlngton, 5 162
2 h
1 li
4 hi
3 2
7 3
5 1
8
62
2 H 3 '4 2 h
Ih2 4 4 1
3 1 12 1 H
6 IV4 41H 3 H
6 7 5 Vi S3
4h6 5 6 5
8 8 8
717 1 7 1
3 3
6 4
1 V 4
2 h
4 Vi
7
8
1 h iCummlngs ...
2 3 iKerrin
3 2 McAuliffe ....
4 Vi JEvans
5 1 ; Cairns
6 2 ITubervllle ...
7 8 [Trimlet.s
8 Mattier
... |T. Murphy....
20
4
4
12
4
15
40
6
2
20
5
5
20
3
15
75
10
2
."■nfji±. Winner, L. H. EzMl's eh. g. by Rio Bravo-Johanna. Good start except
Won first three driving.
nick wa.« backed by the Hawthorne confederacy. Cairns' ride nn P F was a
■ i Mjniper was a "lobster" of rich red hue. The "undertakers" presented
• f-kpt and a cake of soap with each Reddington ticket. Granger was the only
■ ■ ■ ■■--'■r.
Aiiii. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
TUUI $:,00.
Index Hor>-. Age. Weight.
Index Hone. Age. Weight. St.
(401) Paul 'JrlKgii. 4 110! 5
3SB Toiimast. 4 IC7 3
(371) Novia, 3 100 2
(352) Morinxa, 3 114 4
876 San Venado, 3 114 1
Vim.
3 2
4 h
1 S
5
2 h
Vim.
2 m
4 h
1 214
3 h
5
ttm.
%m.
2 2Vi
3 h
1 Vi
4 1
5
Km.
Str.
1 1
3 IV4
2 1
4 4
5
Str.
Fin. Jockeys.
1 X !H. Martin....
2 114 mborpe
I h I. iv.well
4 10 |Devin
5 IBpenot
1
6
1
6
C
1
7
8
10
9-2
SOL: %. l:04Vi: %. 1:29 H. Winner, P. Dunne's gr. h. by Imp. Order-
Jjacy I. Won easily. Second an<l third driving.
The l ulks no more. Novta is only a sprinter, possessing none too much
class. Services over the remains of San Venado will be held on Christmas day.
Af\*7 RACE— Biz furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index Horse. Age. Weight.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. ißt.
342 Whtteomb, 4 107 4
| henzollern. 4 .
■ UHman, 4
■ :h. 4 107 fi
■Itannic, 4.
itaway, E
... St. Lee. 5
Vim.
2 H
4 3
6 V,
1 h
3 fc
61
to.
%m.
3 IK
5 3
8 h
6 10
1 h
4 h
7
%m.
Str.
Btr.
1 1 ,
4 1
3 2
6 25
2 H
5 S
7
Fin. I Jockeys.
12 Thorpe ..:....
2 1% Ames
3 2 H. Martin....
4 J4 [Spencer
5 h Devln
830 ,'Macklln .....
7 [Freeman
i
H
n
-. :So3i; \, 1:16%. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell's eh. g. by Whitney-Lyon
Lady. Poor start. Won first three driving. .
Joe Ullman was the recipient of a very poor start. He would have won with a fair
Bend-nff Myth had no upeed to epare. He need* a rest. Hohenzollern had an awakening.
• wuteb now.
Scratched— l H.n Fulano 110, Tom Rmlth 107.
a |~|O .SIXTH RACE— One mile; two-year-old»; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
|St.
II
via,
* 10
2 1
5
1 1
3 h
''m.
Vim.
3 1
i*
1 2
4 5
Vim.
ifi
1 h
4 1
2 V*
%m.
Str.
Str.
'•• 2 2%
1 2 ,-:
4 15 -
5 Vi
B
Fin. Jockeys.
"l 2 IH. Shields....
2 8 |J. Ward
3 4 IBemuchamp ..
4 20 IRutter
5 IGray
378 Olinthus U3;
n j_
■rilman l_
19] Nora Ives lfl_
i .- 951
■10 3-5
5 4
8 20
5 20
8 10
Time— M :25f»4: H. :52: \, 1:18: mile, l:44\i. Wtnnor. .T. G. Brown & Co.'s eh. c. by
Red Iron-Lily Wright Good start. Won flr>-t three driving.
Olinthus is pound* below his old form. Nora Ivcb tired early
THE FILED OF SPORT.
of Joe T'llman, the 11 to 20 choice for the
Fix furlong affair next decided. He was
away all jumbled up, and could finish no
closer than third. Thorpe on Whitcqmb
fot his mount home two lengths before
lohenzollern, a 12 to 1 outsider.
Olinthus was a very warm favorite for
the closing mile run for two-year-olds,
going to the post 3 to 5. In a drive the
chestnut colt beat Ulm in two lengths.
Track Notes.
The racing on Monday next will be held
at Ingleside track.
Charley Henshaw, who was out here
last s.ason with Billy Ifulr, cut in yester
day, drawing No. 1 stand.
••Kid" Weller, while convinced that our
climate is all it is cracked up to be, found
hooking no snap. He concluded to take
a vacation, and now understands why
somo of his brethren on the block refuse
to take money at times.
Willis Lawrence, the local handlcap
per, took a hand at booking.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race— One mile; non-winners In 189 S.
2."0 Morabclla 97 3.9 McFarlane 112
3T9 Baliversjo 97 ... Horatio 115
37S Gratify 1121 S9l Fellcite 02
357 Jozcbel 1121 879 Morana 97
394 Corslne SS\
Second Rare — One and a sixteenth miles: sell
in)?: three-year-olds and upward.
398 Lena 104 (384)Lode«tar 104
401 First Call 104 899 Eventide 104
400 Frank Jaub*rt..lO4 398 Lady Hurst 107
SBB Prince Blazes. ..lol <2S7) Daisy F 101
Third Race — One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward.
104 Lomo 114 399 Cherrystone ....117
366 Hazard in 354 Our Johnny 117
345 Cabrillo 117 256 Peter II 122
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; selling.
407 Hohenzollern ...111 3.19 Castake 107
... Melv. Burnham.ll'i! 330 Judge Stouffer..lo7
401 Zamar II 107 1 374 Guilder 107
399 Kamsin 107
Fifth Race— Sir furlongs; gelling; three-year
olds and upward.
(399)80nn1e lone 100 401 Highland 8a11. .105
SS6 Cyril 104 396 Ed Oartland 102
363 Mainstay 106 (334)Ltbertlne 114
Mtdlight 109| 399 Mocorlto ....... 98
335 Belllcoso 1161
Sixth Race— One and a quarter miles; handi
cap: three-year-olds and upward.
(377)Morinel 109 (3Sl)Rey del Tlerra..lO4
406 Topmast 105 356 Mlstleton 86
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Corsine, McFarlane. Feliclte.
Second Race— Daisy F, Lodestar, Lady Hurst.
Third Cabrlllo, Peter 11, Our Johnny.
Fourth Race— Zamar 11, Hohenzollern, Judge
Stouffer.
Fifth Mldllght, Cyril, Bellicoso.
Sixth Race— Rey del Tierr*, Morinel, Top
mast.
♦
Applejack Beats Patroon.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 23.— Track Rood. Ra
sults:
First race, clx furlongs, selling— Eight Bells
won, Louise second. High Jinks third. Time,
1:16.
Second race, seven furlongs— Frisket won.
Ben Walker second. Lady Fltzsimmons third.
Time, 1:31U-
Third race, one mile and seventy yards. sell
ing—Applejack won, Patroon second, Hampden
third. Time, 1:49.
Fourth race, six furlong?, selling— Miss Ross
won. Disturbance second, Sim W third. Time,
.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Sensational won,
Hanlon second, Travis third. Time, 1:31.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln Ets. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub Laths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas storiss in next Sunday's
Call. Read it.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
OARSMEN ELECT
OFFICERS
FOR COMING YEAR
At the last general meeting of the Ariel
Rowing Club the following officers were
elected for the coming year: President,
P. J. Enright; vice president, Robert
Ellis; recording secretary. A. Taylor;
financial secretary, Eugene Flanders;
treasurer, H. A. Pless; captain, James
Wilson; lieutenant captain, James Me-
Kenna. The delegates to the Pacific As
sociation of the Amateur Athletic Union
are J. R. Bockman, A. Taylor and John
O'Connell; and the directors are D. J.
Sheehan, Johnson Hardy, D. O'Connell,
E. Lynch and G. W. Phelan. The three
delegates to the Pacific Association will
choose one of their number to serve on
the regatta committee.
The Ariel club has been notified to take
its boathouse away from .Long Bridge,
which is doomed to early demolition. A
committee has been appointed to seek a
Bui table site for new quarters for the
club, and if it is successful in finding one
bonds will be iloated and the Ariels Will
erect one of the largest and best-appoint
ed boathouses on the bay.
The election of officers of the South End
Rowing Club for the next half year -will
take place on Tuesday evening, December
27. The following are nominated for the
various offices: President, J. D. Mahoney;
vice president, T. 1. Fltxpatrick; financial
secretary, James B. Feehan; correspond
ing secretary, William H. Mead; treas
urer, Joseph P. ODea; captain, William
Thomas; vice captain, J. Lyons; sergeant
at-arms, James Pallas. The nominees for
the board of trustees (five to be elected)
are: A. McGeorge, H. Hawkins, A. J.
Mellitz, C. Creighton, J. Bogan, John Ross
and Victor Martinez. The nominees for
delegates to the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union axe Edward
Scully, Robert McArthur and James P.
Foley. One of the three last named will
be chosen to serve upon the regatta com
mittee, and if the choice should fall upon
R. McArthur a curious state of affairs
will be produced, for about no matter
that has come before that committee, have
more animated discussions been held than
as to the amateur or professional stand
ing of "Bob" McA.rthur. The last dele
gate from the South Ends to the regatta
committee was M. Breen, but as he was
absent from two meetings in succession
the club was requested to send another
representative. The South Ends are
somewhat lukewarm members of the as
sociation, and from time to time talk is
heard of their withdrawing from it and
Joining the National Association of Ama
teur Oarsmen.
About a week ago several mem
bers and friends met at the Triton
boathouse at North Beach and en
joyed a fish dinner. The following were
present: J. P. Cahill, P. Lohmann, P.
Maeney, "vV. Hlnes. J. McCarthy, J. Mc-
Donald, A. Langford. T. Mullen, J. O'Con
nell, F. Wilson, A. H. Schimpf, G. Bar
det, A. Reimers and J. Kehrlein.
The medals won at the championship
rowing regatta held at Long Bridge on
November 6 were distributed at the
Olympic Club on Wednesday night, after
the water polo tournament. There was
no ceremony or speechmaking, W. « '.
Espy, the president of the regatta com
mittee, simply handing the trophies to
the winners or their representatives. Of
the thirty-six medals the Alameda Boat
Club carried off thirteen— five for the
senior barge championship, five for second
place in the junior barge race, the cham
pionship medal in the senior outrigged
skiff race and both medals in the junior
outrigged skiff race. The Ariels carried
off five medals for the intermediate barge
championship and the Dolphins won the
senior shell championship. But the Pio
neers took the lion's share, winning no
fewer than seventeen medals — five for the
Junior barge championship, ten for sec
ond place in the senior and intermediate
barge races, the junior shell champion
ship and second place in the senior out
rigged skiff race.
COURSING AT SAN JOSE.
Sixty-Four Dog Stake the Feature for
Christmas.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 23.— The initial meet of
the San Jose Coursing Club is attracting
a great deal of attention from sportsmen
all over the State. There will be a sixty
four dog stake, including all the fast ones
owned in San Francisco, Stockton and
Sacramento. Purses aggregating nearly
$400 will be given. The first runs will be
held on Christmas day and finished on
Monday. The drawing to-night resulted
as follows:
Nancy Lee vu. Masterpiece, Rustln vs. Com
modore; Gilt Edge vs. Long Shot Conley;
Perfection vs. O. K. Capital; Dark Rustic vs.
Colleen; Forget vs. Bendalong; Sandow vs.
Bonnie Scotland: Dawn vs. Laurelwood II;
Alameda vb. Blackhawk; Black Jack vs. Madg-e
Wildfire; Breach of Promise vs. Motto; Demp-
Bey Laea vs. Uueon Anne; Speculation vs.
Luxor; Faultless Beauty vs. Flush; B*-nlcia
Boy vs. For Persecution; Clare B vs. Pcppin;
At Last vs. Koolawn; One Spot vs. Ore<on
Boy: Master Matt vs. May McKlnlcy: Galla
gher vs. Kerry Gow; Fnrgiv? vs. Kill.irney
Black Patti vs. Prince Jerome; Report
vs Belle; Jim Phelan vs. £?\v;nnerton. Free
Silver Boy vs. Prectta Girl; Lady Marian vg.
Tipperary Lass; Jersey Lily "B. Hard Times;
Blue Rock vs. Fredericks burg; Thlsbe vb.
Hillsdale; Magneto vs. Martha Washington;
Lady Islington vb. Sllkwood; Miss Grizzle vs.
Willful.
The -winner will get $60, the runner up
$40, the next two $25 each, the next four
$15 each, the next ciprht $7 50 each and the
next sixteen $2 50 each.
SWIMMING THROUGH THE
SALT AT SUTRO BATHS
The aquatic bill of fare arranged by
the swimming professor of Sutro's Baths
for to-morrow afternoon Is:
50-yard dash, novice— H. Anderson, D.
O'Hare, G. Gallndo, S. Woodbum, L. St. Clalr,
ioM-yani dash, juvenile — C. Strolln, D. Harris,
J. Vanderburg, C. Donovan, W. Dawsett, E.
50-yard dash, amateurs— C. Beyfugs. H. An
derson, E. Turn Suden, H. Dougherty. P. Levy,
100-yard daf<h, non-professionals— H. Seebaeh,
J. A. Jackson, A. J. Hanton, A. Hay. J. Ring
rose and others. -
Trick and fancy spring board diving— J. Ben
een, A. Hay. J. Vanderberg, Dan Green. H.
Dougherty, H. Pcebach, J. Bevlns, H. HUler,
Fred Green, E. Klpp.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Constipation A
USE
IOESr YOU GET THE
a^T GENUINE
GOLF PLAYERS AT
OAKLAND
AND THE PRESIDIO.
The ladies' handicap for the "Winslow
medal, which was set down to take place
on the links of the San Francisco Golf
Club on Tuesday morning, December 20,
was put off on account of the rain. Now
the ladles are too busy with holiday shop
ping to be able to think even of golf.
There will, however, be a great deal of
golf on the Presidio linka during the
Christmas holidays. This afternoon the
men's championship contest will begin.
There will be numerous entries, who will
be matched according to their strength.
The contest will be at 18 holes, match
play. Winners in the tirst play will pass
on to the second round; winners in the
second round will take part in the
third, and so on until the final round Is
reached. The contest will be resumed on
Mo ml ay.
The Los Angeles Country Club, the links
of which are on Pico Heights, Los An
geles, will hold a series of club competi
tions next Saturday. December 31. The
events will be as follows:
At 'J a. m. the club handicap for men,
36 holes, medal play. The club champion
ship and a gold medal will be awarded to
the player who makes the best gross
actual score and a silver medal will/ be
presented to the player with the best net
score after the handicap has been deduct
ed.
At 1:30 p. m. the club handicap for wom
en, IS holes, medal play. The club cham
pionship and a gold medal will be award
ed to the playur making the best gross
actual score and a silver medal will be
presented to the player who makes the
best net score, after the handicap has
been deducted.
At 4 p. m. there will be a driving com
petition for men and at 4:15 p. m. a driv
ing competition for women, for both of
which events prizes will be awarded.
The winners of the club championships
will receive gold medals and the honor
of having their names and scores en
graved upon the championship cups, the
ownership and possession of the cups re
maining with the club.
On the Monday alter New \ears day
an open amateur competition will be held
for men (30 holes, medal play) and for
women (IS holes, medal play); also an
open driving competition for men and
women. Gold medals will be given as
first prizes and silver medals for second
prizes In the men's and women's medal
competitions. First and second prizes
wili be awarded in the men's and women's
driving competitions.
John D. Foster, secretary of the Los
Angeles Country Club, will be glad to re
ceive entries for the open events from
any golfers. His address is 220 Wilcox
building, Los Angeles.
In the competition for the ladies cup
of the Oakland Golf Club, which began
last Saturday, and the details of which
were given in last Monday's Call, Miss
Alice Momtt and Miss Duff were left in
the final heat. The rain prevented the
heat being played off early in the week,
but yesterday morning Miss Duff beat
Miss A. Moffltt by 1 up. Miss Duff has
now won two out of the three competi
tions that have been held for the ladies'
cup. After a fourth competition has taken
place the winners will play a final game
to decide the possession and ownership
oi the trophy.
T)n Monday two teams of eight men will
play a match on the Oakland links. Play
will begin at 11 in the morning. One of
the teams will be made up of Messrs.
Wheaton. Magee, Knowles, McXear, Bel
den, "Wingate, Hubbard and McKee. The
other will consist of E. R. Folger, G. D.
Greenwood, R. M. Fitzgerald, W. P. John
son, G. D. Gow, P. E. Bowles, J. A. Fol
ger and F. S. Stratton. Of the first team
C. P. Hubbard. J. McKee and C. P. Win
gate played against the San Francisco
team that visited Oakland on December
10. while the second team is exactly that
which represented the Oakland club on
the Presidio links on December 17. The
match is thus a trial of strength between
the first and second eights of the club.
Of course, if the first eight was well
chosen it should certainly beat the second
team. b\it It will be interesting to see by
how a large a. margin the first team can
win.
Several young ladies having volunteered
to decorate the club house of the Oakland
golfers for the Christmas season and an
informal tea, to which all members are in
vited, will be given there on Monday af
ternoon, December 26, and on Tuesday a
turkey dinner will be set before about
forty caddies, on each of whom a present
from the Christmas tree will be bestowed.
SMALL INTEREST TAKEN
IN THE FIELD TRIALS
Norman J. Stewart of the Rancho Bonl
to collie kennels has sold to W. B. True
of San Jose a sable and white collie dog
puppy by Imported Ormskirk Blucher, out
of Schmoral. The litter seemed to catch
the popular eye at the Oakland show,
and the sale Is one of the results.
The Pacific Coast Is well represented In
Sprat V a calendar for 1899. Mrs. J. P. Xor
man's mastiffs make a fine showing. H.
Wepener's cockers grace the cover, and
John de Ruyter's collies and setters are
the types of those respective breeds.
Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, president of the Pa
cilic Mastiff and Fox Terrier clubs and of
.the Pacific Kennel LeaKue, prepared a
pleasant surprise for his friends last
Monday by his unexpected return to San
Francisco. His lecture tour in the Kast
was brilliantly successful. .
The entries for the all-age stakes in
the field trials closed on the 15th inst.
The total of entries foots up far less than
last year, with the pointers in the ma
jority. The most promising of the possi
ble candidates are not entered for vari
ous reasons. "Vnllente and Rowena are
dead, Dash Antonio Is In the East and
Peach Mark is out of the running. The
outlook is poor for a successful meeting
this year.
To-Morrow's Handball Games.
The games to be played at Phil Ryan's
court to-morrow, 858 Howard street, are
as follows:
E. Curley and J. Collins ys, J. White and R.
Murphy.
B. Harry and M. Klrby vs. J. Kirby and D.
Began.
3. iv>wllngr and P. Ryan vs. J. Leonard and
J. Lawless.
P. Kelly and G. Hutchinson vs. P. Hutchin
son and M. Dillon.
L. Waterman and E. McDonough vs. N. J.
Prendergast and J. R. Bockman.
J. Rinrdan and M. J. Kilgallon vs. R. Llne
han and E. Maloney.
J. C. Nealon and A. Hampton vs. T. P. Bon
net and P. Donnelly.
NO COURSING
TO-DAY
AT INGLESIDE
There will not be any coursing to-day,
as Judge Grace left this city yesterday
for Los Angeles, where he will judge the
big Christmas day meeting.
Very extensive preparations have been
made by the sportsmen of Southern Cali
fornia for the meeting, which will be at
tended by thousands of people from all
parts of California. Colonel Black, to
whose untiring efforts is due largely the
success which coursing is now enjoying
in Los Angeles, is determined to spare
neither time nor expense in giving the
lovers of the game a grand Christmas
holiday, and with that object in view he
has engaged the best military band in Los
Angeles to play during the intermission
between the courses.
Ingleside Park will put on a new dress
next month. The association, which is
looking out for its best interests, contem
plates making several improvements, be
sides adding new features. One of the
new features which. will catch the eye of
the sportsmen is a large blackboard,
which will be placed in the betting ring
within full view of the pool sellers and
the spectators. After each course the
names of the winner and loser and the
points they scored during the course will
appear on the board. This will give those
who may differ from the judge in opinion
a chance to see what each dog has done.
The entering of dogs for the drawings
under the names of So-and-so's kennel
will in future be done away with by the
managers of Ingleside Park, as there is
too large an opportunity for trickery to
be practiced under this new but danger
ous system of entry. The owners of dogs
will be compelled to enter their charges
in their own -names so that the betting
public can form some Idea as to who the
rightful owner of the dog or dogs may be.
The next meeting at Ingleside Park will
be held on Saturday week, and the draw
ing for the same will take place next
Thursday evening at Pythian Castle,
NEW YEAR'S FEAST FOR
CORINTHIAN YACHTSMEN
The most notable event among bay
yachtsmen during the winter is the an
nual dinner of the Corinthian Yacht Club.
This takes place in the clubhouse at Tib
uron on New Year's day, and will begin
promptly at 1 p. m. It will be under the
general supervision of Port Captain J.
H. Keefe, who will be assisted by L. B.
Chapman, H. A. Denhard, H. H.Gorter,
T. W. Ransom, F. M. Thornton, J. Short,
R. S. Buck, W. C. Howe, F. E. Schober,
H. D. Hawks and Carl Westerfeld. The
limited accommodations of the clubhouse
will not permit of the invitation of any
but members.
The Corinthian Club has suffered a se
vere loss in the death of its secretary,
Edward B. Lathrop, on Thursday morn
ing, from congestion of the brain. After
leaving school Lathrop made two voyages
to the Hawaiian Islands in sailing ves
sels, and he frequently went out to sea
on one of the pilot boats, in 1593 he was
a member of the crew of the yawl Seven
Bells, and during 1594 he sailed with va
rious friends In the Corinthian Club. In
1595 he became a member of the club, and
sailed on the sloop Elia with P. F. Ames
during that and the following season.
Early in 1*97 E. B. Lathrop, with W. P.
Humphreys Jr., R. Farquharson and the
Montealegre brothers, chartered the large
sloop Pride and sailed her during tne
yachting seasons of 1897 and 18'JS. Though
the Corinthians were anxious that he
should retain the secretaryship during
the coming season, It was his intention
to refuse re-election to the office. He was
enthusiastically fond of yachting, and his
death is sincerely regretted by all inter
ested in the sport.
The election of officers of the California
Yacht Club for the coming year will take
place at the clubhouse on San Antonio
estuary next Thursday evening, De
cember 29. The following members have
received nominations for the various of
fices: For commodore, Allen M. Clay; for
vice commodore, Harry W. Brydges; for
treasurer, E. N. Walter, incumbent; for
secretary, R. L. Eames; for measurer, J.
J. Sherry: for port captain, Eugene Flan
ders; for directors — L. F. Gale, G. B.
Edgar, George Miller, L, S. Sherman and
C. J. Lancaster. The nominees for the
regatta committee are Eugene Flanders,
C. J. Lancaster and R. R~ l'Hommedleu;
and the nominees for delegates to the Pa
cific Interclub Yacht Association are E.
N. Walter, L. S. Sherman and ■ R. R.
l'Hommedleu.
Almost every one of these nominees Is
not only an active yachtsman, but also
an owner. Allen M. Clay, formerly owner
of the sloop Sea Fox, now owns the large
sloop Pactolus, which he purchased at
the close of the season of 189S, and has
had refitted; Harry W. Brydges owns
the yawl Hope: E. N. Walter the sloop
Embla, which last season carried Com
modore C. J. Lancaster's flag; R. L.
Eames' yacht is the sloop Surf; J. J. Sher
ry is owner of the yawl Gypsie, and Eu
gene Flanders of the launch Ariel. L. F.
Gale last season owned the sloop Mist,
but recently purchased the sloop Secret
from T. F. Tracy, ex-commodOre of the
Corinthian Yacht Club; G. F. Edgar is
of the sloop Sappho, George Miller of the
sloop Occident, L. S. Sherman of the sloop
Royal, and C. J. Lancaster was formerly
owner of the sloop Edna. R. R. l'Homme
dieu was part owner of the sloop Phoe
nicia, and Is secretary of the Pacific In
terclub Yacht Association. The club can
hardly fail to be active, if its interests
are placed in the hands of so many ac
tive lovers of yachting.
MICHAEL IS* COMING.
Crack Wheelman to Visit California
in February.
NEW TORK, Dec. 23.— "Jimmle" Mich
ael, who has been sojourning in this city
for several weeks, announced to-day that
he would leave to-morrow for Nashville,
Term., to look after his horse stabled
there. He thought that early in Febru
ary he would go to California for the In
door racing season there.
San Rafael's Football Team.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 23.— At the annual
election of officers of the San Rafael Foot
ball Club, held last evening in the rooms
of the San Rafael Athletic and Cycling
Club, S. Dollar was elected captain, H.
Hansen manager, and District Attorney
elect Hugh J. Mclsaacs treasurer for the
ensuing year. This team is deemed one
of the best amateur organizations of the
kind on the coast, every member holding
a good record as a sprinter. The team is
matched to play the Pastime Club of San
Francisco next Monday on the San Rafael
baseball grounds.
MARK LANE'S INJUNCTION.
Argument on Motion to Dissolve It
Heard by Judge Belcher.
Argument on ihe motion to dissolve the
Injunction heretofore issued in tne suit of
Mark Lane against the Board of Edu
cation was heard by Judge Belcher yes
terday morning. Lane in his petition for
an injunction alleged that the board was
about to appoint many new teachers and
was about to illegally close the Business
Evening School. A temporary injunction
was issued by Judge Belcher and the mo
tion to dissolve this injunction was heard
yesterday.
Judge Van R. Paterson, who represented
Lane, maintained the position that the in
junction should be made permanent by
reason that the schools are now abund
antly supplied with teachers and '■hat ad
ditional appointments would involve a
waste of public funds. Attorney Jacob
Samuels, on behalf of the board, contend
ed that the court had no power to issue
the injunction In the premises and asked
that the petition be dismissed. Judge
Belcher took the matter under advise
ment.
REFEREES WHO
WILL
KILL BOXING
If those who mana^ boxing affairs in
this city would instruct their master of.
ceremonies to announce before the con
testants of a prize fight enter the ring
that Queensberry rules are no longer ob
served in this city they would be favor
ing many patrons of the game who are
still of the opinion that the Queensberry
rules govern all boxing contests.
The recent twenty-round bout between
Lavigne and Tracey was given to the
Saginaw "Kid" because he slugged the
hardest and scored the greater number of
misses. Lavigne was the aggressor, and
on that account alone he was awarded
the decision. Tracey outclassed him in
every other particular, but the referee
understood the game only from a slog
ger's point of view, and that gave Lavigne
the match.
On Thursday night Jack Stelzner ref
eretd a contest, and when he decided in
favor of Maxwell he knew only too well
that he he;it<Kl Denny out of a game
which h> won beyond all possible doubt.
Stelzntr w.iderstands the rules, but when
certain I .ducements were offered to him
to doM his eyes on Queensberry he evl
• forgot what straight hitting, neat
defensive work, clever ducking and beau
tiful side-stepping meant.
Maxwell, who is purely a slogger of the
25-cent boxing club school, demonstrated
by wild swings and exceedingly poor
judgment that he has yyety e t much to learn
about listicuffs.
It is certain that professional boxing in
this city will soon see its end unless the
clubs will select their own referees, who
must be instructed to read the Queens
berry rules carefully and decide contests
according to them. Referees selected by
the lighters are guided solely by the ad
vice they receive from some gambler who
"works" the pool boxes in his own inter
ests, and as long as the fighters will have
any voice in the selection of referees the
sport must suffer the consequences.
Have the owners of race horses a say
as to who must judge any particular race
at Ingleslde or Oakland track?
"What would the directors of the Cali
fornia Jockey Club think if they were
approached by a brace of horsemen and
asked to appoint certain judges for some
race that they, the tricksters, were in
terested in?
Yet, while the pugs can select referees
who are to their fancy the sporting fra
ternity can expect to witness only hip
podromes of the worst kind imaginable.
The National Club is really the only
club in this city that has a record for
holding clean fistic entertainments. It
has given good shows in the past and
doubtless its next entertainment on the
30th inst. will be well worth seeing.
George Green always puts up a stiff ar
gument, and if Creedon is the Creedon
of a few years ago the sports who will
attend "the mill" may expect to see a
good fight.
CHEATED THE NOOSE AGAIN.
Kellini Guilty, but the Penalty Fixed
at Life Imprisonment.
Tomasso Kellini, the Italian fisherman,
•who shot and killed his mistress, Louisa
Spain, will not hang for his crime, but
will spend the rest of his days in prison.
The jury in his case, after being out all
night, came into court yesterday morning
and returned a verdict finding the defend
ant guilty of murder in the first degree,
but fixed the punishment at imprisonment
for life. It is understood that seven of the
jurors voted for a hanging verdict up to
the last minute, but finally, when court
was about to convene, gave in and voted
for life imprisonment.
Kellini's crime was a cold-blooded one
and he, as well as the District Attorney's
office, expected that the death penalty
would be inflicted.
Bacon Place Cases.
When the cases of the women arrested
in Bacon place for vagrancy were called
before Justice of the Peace Barry in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday Attorney
Lennon, for the prosecution, asked that
the case of Emma Wardell be first set for
trial. Attorney Ach preferred the case of
Emma de Loudre. The acting Judge
adopted Ach's suggestion, and set tne
case for trial on January 9. This led to
an angTy exchange of words between Len
non and the acting Judge, but the latter
was not to be moved from the position he
ha 4 taken.
The World's Supply of Wheat
An English expert prophesies a universal
dearth in the wheat supply. He claims that
the wht-at producing soil is unequal to the
strain thai will be put upon it. Even now
when the food supply of the world Is ample,
thousands die because their disordered stom
achs fall to properly assimilate the food they
take. Hogtetter's Stomach Bitters strengthen
and tone up the stomach and digestive organs,
and enable them to perform their proper func
tions. This great remedy cures dyspepsia, tor
ptd liver, nervousness and fever and ague.
000 00 000 OO OOOOOOOC
SWS W PALACE -wj
IGRAND hotels*
0 i BAH FRANCISCO. jZ
** Connected by a covered passageway. "
Pl4OOP 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 0
0 • All Under One Management. 0
0 v- -KOTB THE PRICES: , Q
_. European Plan. « l.oo per day and upward _
V American Plan. s3.oo per day. and upward Q
T\ Correspondence Solicited, n
0 JOSS 0. EIBKTATRIOS, Mutgaf. Q
ooooooooooaooooooj
PGUc&eater's Engllih Diamond Brand, '--
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<2l*^w Original and Only Geaoine. A
s«rc, »;w»t« relUbU. ladies >ik AX
A^7lJ>*iiia Dniggtrt for CMchetter t BngluS Dig.JSi\.
tf**^B^ft^m,>n i Brand la Red and Oold meUlllo\\jV
X\ — OCsHboisa, ir&ltd with bine ribbon. Take YSr
"ni ifc'.Jno other. K',f\;ie. dangtroui mlttitu- V
I / ~ AftionM and imitation*. AtDnaggliu, or mi 4a.
I W JM In lUimps for partloaUrf, tatlmoaUli and
\V* |5 " Relief for I,ndle«," in letter, tor rrtnra
-\ If Mall. 10.000 TenlmonUli.' Kmm.t Pmptr.
_ >a « 9 /^OU«ii«*terCa«BlealOo.,MndltaaB«aartb
••!* by all Loral DruggiiU. PMi »A.. vS
. v^Rß^h!*''l> BI * *» '■.» non-r^fsrnoi»
C^^^^%2| remedy for Gonorrhoea,
>fl^r « I l<E^r^B| Gleet. S pc rmato
J9F in lto <it;i. Whites, unnatural dii-
{£§•& Ocartnteed ■ charges, or any inflamma-
Ivl not to au-ietaro. tion, irritation or ulcera-
£— *P«Tcnt« cont»slon. tion of mucous mem-
KSlthfEvansChem^hCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
VM^CINCINNtTI.a MB Sold by Draßlit*,
c. a. x 29H or Bent ' n P' ftin wrapper,
w^iarw*^ '^KF^k by express, prepaid, fot
- 'vUHkT^I {1.00, or 3 bottle*, »i.75.
. ■ Ciicuiar Mat oa nqoecb
sem^Bk RUPTURE.
m^rC?^ j&B USE NO MORE IRON
TSf3&£S&t<&mSr Hoops or Steel ■ Springs.
Hp^^ Rupture retained with ease
■.-***jW^^ and comfort, and thousands radl-
■ /Mkr call >' CURED by DR. PIERCES
/jß^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. &y. Call at
. write for New Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ALyfaJfa 625 Ki:AItXY ST. V Established
Br^WmMi in 1894 for the treatment of Private
HHlk JHS Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
uRkEEtItMB disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
VW b»Mh9 skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswben
JKL'vl »S others fall. Try him. Charges low
v^OHLsShH Cure* guaranteed. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. V. uIBBOJi. Box. 1957. 5 an Francisco.
AS% 8 I IBM nnd Morphine Habits
1 U lf; flllll cured at home. Write
* Mi I ' IBbI for fuil particulars and
Wl I Will book free
'INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D. KIM MIS.
201 Turk St. , San Francisco.
IllllllTl II I I 111 l - . "" ,
RILEY GRANNAN
REINSTATED BY
JOCKEY CLUB
Ban Against Plunger
Removed.
VOLUNTARY ACT OFCLEMENCY
XENTTJCXIAN HAD LOST IN THJB
COURTS.
Was Ruled Off Two Years Ago Be
cause He Violated the Rule
Against Giving Presents
to Jockeys.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 23.— Riley Gran
nan was reinstated by the stewards ol
the Jockey Club at a meeting held to
day. "Doc" Street, who has been un
der the ban since the meeting at St.
Asaph in 1896, also was reinstated.
Grannan had been beaten in the
courts and on the turf, and his pardon
Is a voluntary act of clemency on the
part of the Jockey Club.
"Grannan was ruled off in 1896 on thq
charge of having violated that rula
which prohibits giving presents to
Jockeys by others than the owner of
the horse.
August Belmont, chairman of the
State racing commission, which had in
tervened in the suit, had an appeal
taken and the case went to the Court
of Appeals. Grannan was defeated on
all points, and the right of the racing
authorities to make such rules as they
saw fit, providing these rules were ap~
proved by the State Racing Associa
tion, was established.
Rlley Grannan, who is booking at the
local race tracks, was first apprised ot
his reinstatement by a telegram from a
friend in New York. He said last night:
"Although I had hoped to be rein
stated by the Jockey Club, the newa
came as a complete surprise. Since th«
first telegram announcing my reinstate
ment I have received a number of con
gratulatory telegTams from friends in
the East."
CLEVER DICK O'BRIEN
DEFEATED BY RYAN
Police Interfere in the Fourteenth
Round to Save Him From a
Knockout.
HARTFORD, Conn., Dec. 23.— Tommy
Ryan of Syracuse, N. V., proved too
much for Dick O'Brien of Boston at the
Coliseum to-night. The police interfered
in the fourteenth round and saved
O'Brien from an actual knockout; but aa
far as practicable purposes were con
cerned he was out. Ryan had floored him.
a few seconds before with a right-hand
swing on the jaw, and Dick got to his feet
again just aa Referee Roche counted
seven. The fight had all been knocked out
of him. He was helpless and Ryan again
floored him with a vicious right-hand
swing. Dick came to time once more,
only to fall a. victim to a hard uppercut.
Then Chief of Police Bull jumped into the
ring and stopped the bout, and Roche
awarded the fight to Ryan.
The action of the police was generally
approved as preventing unnecessary bru
tality. It was Ryan's fight all the way
through. He wore O'Brien down by
inches with jabs, and had him bleeding
at the nose and eye early in the flght.
Several times Ryan had his man going,
but although he made dozens of passes
he could not land that right swing till
the> fourteenth round. Ryan was too
quick on his feet and too scientific for his
opponent, who could simply stand still
and punch and be punched.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
bt Steamers leave Broadway
ro>., wharf, San Francisco:
SH^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
\ 10fSfe^ I>ec. 2, 7. 12 17. 22, 27. Jan. 1.
Sim iiG^Ea change at Seattle.
BK&3H For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
JJBBfc-^affßal C), Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoma, Everett. Anacortei
"^fd^Hl and New Whatcom (Wash.),
10 a. m.. Dec. 1, 7, IS, 17, 21,
n Jan 1. and every fifth day thereafter,
ih.nVir at Seattle to this company's steamers
Mask! and G. N. Ry.^at Tacoma to N. P.
R For*Eu^° U (Hu^boFdt Bay),' > p. m.. Dm.
I. 10. W. M. K. 10. Jan. 4. and every flftb day,
FoV^Santa Cmi, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Lot. Oblspo).
GaVlota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Pedro. East San Pedrc Angeles) and
NeWDort. 9 a. m.. Dec. 8, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 17, Ji.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For "San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
I Lcs Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
lin Dec. 1. 5. 9. 18. 17. 21, 25, 29. Jan. J. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Dec. 17, Jan.
. For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
ar .«1 hriir<i of Filing.
ffIOKET OrriOE-< New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel). -
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agta.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STBAMETRS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Bertha
lAnr. $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails ......... ..... _-. Dec. 14, 14
STATE OF CAL. sails..... Dec. 9, 19, »
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tiokets to all points East.-
• E. C. WARD, General Agent,
no Market street.
GOODALL. ■ PERKINS ft CO.,
..... . Superintendents.
Compapie Generate Transatlantic^,
" (French Line) '."
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE- j«.
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. North •XatfiMi
River, foot of Morton street..
LA NORMANDIE Dec 31
LA GASCOGNE ......Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE :. Jan. 14
LA BRETAGNE .......Jan. 21
LA NORMANDIE...... ..:... ....Jan. 28
First-class to Havre, J9O and upward, -5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45, 10 per ecnt reduction round trip.
• GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
1 AND CANADA. S Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. S
Montgomery avenue. Ban Francisco. : ,
fNMftllft The S. S. ALAMEDA
|JB|HmLsaiis via Honolulu and
£«»»■■« Auckland for Sydney
■ . . J> —^/'v Wednesday. . December
(V/ I • A 28. at 10 p. m.
>J?jimSll S - S - AUSTRALIA
CyiKHIIJIIiy ga 8 for Honolulu
(OfI)B3R«* w * dnel!day - January
*i?"F ylM Vii. 1599, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. ' ' -.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
.114 Montgomery at.
; s Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.'
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEB&
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello.'*,
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at....'.....;....
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Fridays M ........—....l P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays..... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and of flees— Dock, Pier 1.
•TTT. Telephone Main 1508. >. ■
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
A CEMETERY
FENCE CAUSES
CONSTERNATION
An Eyesore Located at
Mountain View.
OBNOXIOUS HIGH BOARDS
AN ACTION SUGGESTIVE OF A
JOKER,
Th« Laugh on the Catholic Cemetery
Turned by the Hebrews on
the Mountain View
People.
Oakland Office San Francisco Tall,
008 Broadway, Dec. 23.
A high hnnrri fence now being erected
on the south side of the Jewish Cemetery
Is causing much consternation to the
cemetery a?s< ciations. The Mountain
View Association Is anxious to purchase
the plat owned by the Jewish Associa
tion, and t ho erecting of the fence in its
present position is a big blot to the
beauty of Mountain View Cemetery and
an eyesore to the thousands of visitors
•who go to the cemetery largely to wit
ness its scenic beauty.
Some years ago the father of D. Ed
ward Collins iMiisiimmated a deal by
•which a large slice of Mountain View
Cemetery was sold to the Jewish Asso
ciation. At that time the Jews erected
a high fence on the north side of their
property, to protect their people during
a Jewish funeral ceremony from being
gazed at hy the crowds who go to the
cemetery on the electric oars. This hi«h
fence was a source of amusement to the
Mountain View people, as it prevented
any one in the Catholic Cemetery, which
adjoins the Hebrew burying ground, from
seeing the Mountain View Cemetery.
This condition existed lor some years,
but recently that branch of the electric
road has been taken up and the Jewish
people are now moving the horrible fence
down to their southern boundary, much
to the chagTin of the Mountain View
people. The board fence baa been car
ried even across a road leading through
the Jewish property into the Mountain
\ lew property, and this will necessitate
the makiiiK of a new piece of road In
order to secure a thoroughfare for the
Mountain View people from Charles
street to the eastern portion of their
burying ground. The Mountain view As
sociation Is anxious to purchase from the
Jewish Association thr beautiful plat it
Fold to them years ago. when Mountain
\iew Cemetery plats were not so much
in demand as they are now. It is now the
turn of the Catholic Association to smile
at the chagrin of the Mountain View As
sociation, as the board fence is moved
from their boundary on to the boundary
of the Mou «tain View people.
rhe high fence has for years been a blot
on the pretty scenery where the ceme
teries are located, and no one seems to
j , v . st ,, wh> \ !t • sh " uM 1)( - removed from
JS »h mollcm ollc sule of the Jt - Wi *h Cemetery
to the Mountain View border.
THE YELLOW MONSTER
AT THE EXPOSITION
DE GARMO GRAY DELIVERS ONE
PARTING SHOT.
No One Dreamed That He Had a Wife
Being Driven to Suicide in
Southern California,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 23.
There waa evidently a little Jealousy
over the management of the Oakland
Exposition. Charles (sometimes Count*
de Garmo Gray says so in a letter he has
written to the directors of the exposi
tion. It is all contained in one sentence,
but it suggests a volume. The last sen
tence in the letter reads as follows: "But
surely the eleven directors should not be
led by the 'Jealous mouthlngs' of one of
their number.'
The "jealous mouthings" are referred to
In the letter as being an article contrib
uted to a local paper, the author of
which Count* de (Jarmo tiray believes
is Director Craigie Sharp.
Craigie Sharp is secretary of the Board
of Trade. He is a man of great hustling
ability, and has managed the last two ex
positions. Prior to the opening of the
exposition this year there was a, feeling
that Craigie Sharp was not the man for
the place. Jt was thought tie did not hay«
sufficiently advanced and original ideas,
and so a new man was sought. He did
not require much seeking, however, for
De Garmo <ir;iy. armed with a volume of
testimonials, appeared, ana very soon the
directors, or some of them, were infat
unted with him. D» (iarnio soon wanted
to control the directors, and on one or
two occasions what is commonly known
as the riot act w;is read to him. One "f
the directors is Craigie Sharp, and Mr.
Gray always avoided Mr. Sharp, wbiie
Sharp never went out of his way to
avoid Mr. <iray.
Two days after the show closed an
Item appeared in the local pai>er headed
"Sharp Says 'I Told Yon So.' " The ar
ticle then went on to state that Mr. Cray
had been » huge failur-- ;is .-< manager,
end that the exposition as compared with
the expositions managed by Craigie
Sharp w:<s :t worse failure. Although Mr.
Sharp denied writing or suggesting tue
norv, <;ra\ at once attributed it to his
rival.
Hi!-; article, which is well .«U£K
by its Title, w;is the beginning of the
had bl l between the directors and Gray
that ••n<)'.-<! in tin- threats contained in
their legal correspondence, it constitutes
ihe "jealoua mouthlngs" which Is Charles
de Garm-i's parting shot at the directors
■ who undertook to discipline him.
In his testimonials to the director! it is
stated that De (larrau Gray has s;:
fully managed "dog shows, cat shows,
pet shows, pure food shows, Irish fairs,
national shows, bazaars. Hebrew festi
vals, international expositions" and at
least twenty other kinds of shows. Oak
land directors are wondering what his
next prospectus will contain regarding
his experiment in Oakland.
While here De Gsirmo Gray lived three
romantic months. No one knew that he
had a broken-hearted wife starving in
I>os Angeles, who was ultimately brought
to suicide. He did on two occasions ob
tain an advance from the directors on
the ground that he wished to send money
to his wife, who was sick in Ix>s Angles
but according to the story of the woman'
and her friends none of the money
reached her.
But D>; Garmo Gray did not lack for
wompnly attention, although his wife
wns starving to death. Me had several
lady acquaintances in this city, some of
whom were probably not contaminated
by the acquaintanceship. But there was
"lie young lady to whom he was paying
particular attention, and to whom he
sent bouquets frequently. This young
lady was considerably attracted by the
insinuating charms of Gray, and was
much surprised when she learned <>f his
wife's suicide. Had this .'Mquaintance- i
ship developed there would probably have
been a repetition of the sensation created
!n Ran Francisco by the breaking off of
t!i- «ngagem, nt of Mr. Williams of South
Africa t<> h prominent belle of ihe
metropolis.
It is also recalled that Williams and '
Gray were acquaintances for years in
DOUtfa Africa.
The Streets of Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— Street Superin
tendent M. K. Miller has prepared his
annual report, which shows the cost of
the property represented by the streets,
sewers, bridges, wharves, etc., in this
cjty, over which the Street Department Is
required to exercise the supervision mcii
i dent to the proper maintenance thereof,
! to aggregate about $4,000,000.
The report shows, 'too, that Oakland
now has 99.7 miles of unauthorized
streets, 4.74 miles of bltuminized streets,
.7 of a mile of wooden block pavements,
65.1 miles of unimproved streets. Total.
234.84 miles, of which is accepted 5 miles
of macadamized streets and 2.98 miles of
paved streets. Need repairs, 9.44 miles of
macadamized streets and 2.52 miles of
j paved streets.
There has been no increase in the mile
| age of street railway tracks during the
past two or three years.
YARDE-BULLER DIVORCE.
Latest Step in This Sensational Suit
Is a T>emurrer by the Husband.
OAKLAND. Dec. 23.— 1n the divorce suit
of Lady (Mary Lellah) Yarde-Buller
against Walter Yarde-Buller defendant's
■ attorney, Vincent Xe.iie. to-day filed a
j demurrer, based on the ground Vhat the
j complaint does not state facts sufficient
; to constitute a cause of action In this.
: that the first supposed cause of action
; does not show whether the willful neglect
! alleged was with or without the consent
of the plaintiff: also ihat In the second
supposed cause it cannot be ascertained
win tlur the alleged separation and deser
| tion was with or without the consent of
plaintiff. Defendant asks to be dismissed
With his rusts.
The suit was commenced last September
, and Is the last of a long series of domes
tic troubles between the partlts, which
have been aired in the courts on several
occasions.
About two years ago Buller sued for a
I divorce in I^ondon on the ground of cru
i elty, but a decree was denied.
TAUSMANIC INFLUENCES
OF JUSTICE CLIFT^
OCCULT POWERS EXERTED OVER
GROOMS, SAYS BIANCHI.
Paid Five Dollars to Marry in Court,
but a Priest in Another County
Tied the Knot Again.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 23.
If the remarkable testimony of John
Bianchl. a San Francisco barber, given
In Superior Judge Ellsworth's court to
day, be true as sworn to. Justice of the
Peace Fred ('lift is possessed of talis
manle and occult powers that have been
the cause of C. E. Kinard bringing suit to
depose the Justice, almost on the eve of
his stepping out of office.
Kinard charges C'lift with malfeasance
In office, and as an Instance specifies that
the defendant charged $0 for performing
the function of tying nuptial knots when
the legal fee is but $3.
The trial was begun this afternoon, and
to establish the truth of the mentioned
allegation John Bianchi was called as a
witness. Bianchl, according to his tes
timony, had secured a license here to
make Julia Griffin his bride on June 6,
l v :^. the marriage ceremony being per
formed by Justice Clift; damages. $5.
M. C. Chapman, on behalf of defend
ant, cross-examining, drew out from wit
ness that be bad once before been mar
ried by a Justice and knew that the legal
fee was $::. "Then why did you pay Clift '
$5?" asked the attorney.
"Because of Cliffs t. : tlismanie powers," i
answered the witness, "which he exerted
over me when I asked him how much 1
ow< d for the ceremony." Witness admit
ted that he had looked up the word lalis
manlc in the dictionary for the purpose
of using it when called as a witness.
"Well, now, what d<. you understand it :
to mean?" further queried the legal man. !
"Why, it's the feeling that comes over
a man when he yets married." replied
witness, intimating at the same time that
Justice Clift' a occult powers were re- j
sponsible for thi^. "This power is exer
i is. ,i by the Justices all through the
country." continued Bianchi.
Later witness stated that for some rea- j
son or other the fair bride was not sat
isfied with the ceremony performed by <i
Justice, and so, four days later, they were
married again by the Rev. Father M.
Jloran or Moran in San Fran< Isco, and
on the strength of the license issued in
Alameda County.
Blanch! had been served with a subpena
by Kinard yesterday, and testified that he
immediately telephoned to dirt wishing
him to cross the bay for an Interview, but
that Clift referred him to his attorneys.
"But J wanted to see Clift alone," con
tinued Bianchi. "1 wanted to b« ar both
Bldi a of the question and wished to a»sk
him what was meant by malfeasance in
office. 1 supposed, too. that he might
want to say something to me that he
didn't want some one to know."
"Is not this the case." inquired Attor
ney Chapman, "that you wanted Judge
Clift to buy you off?"
Witness was about to request the court
to Instruct the attorney in his method of
questioning, but the court ordered an
answer, and Bianchi answered negatively.
The case will contiue to-morrow morn
ing and promises to be one of the most
interesting aa well as amusing trials ever
had here.
Against Garbage Crematories.
OAKLAND, Dec. 23.— The Ordinance
and Judiciary Committee has decided to
recommend to the City Council tnat the
request made some time ago for a fran
< hue to conduct a garbage crematory on
the Alameda side of the estuary be de
nied. Some of the members believe that
eventually the city would conduct a cre
matory of its own. and the granting of a
franchise to private parties would prove
v sad blow to the Italian scavengers who
are just now handling the city's garbage
in a satisfactory manner.
New Grand Jury Drawn.
OAKLAND. Dec. 23.— From the thirty
names drawn in Judge Ellsworth's court
last Tuesday the following were to-day
impaneled to serve as Grand Jurors: Wil
liam G. Heiishaw (foreman). Isaac i,. Ke
qua, William T. Hamilton, Charles Elsey,
tCdmund .Wwland, E. H. Hart, James V.
Moran, I. N. Kemillard. J. L. Hollls,
Louis D. Kahii, A. 11. Broad, Patrick Fee,
Maas Luders A. V. Lancaster, li. w.
Taylor, Daniel Luce, O. Whlpple, Henry
Meininger, E. J. Holland.
Oakland News Items.
I OAKLAND. Dec. 23.— Carrie B. Richardson
i to-day commenced suit for a divorce from
Kilter Richardson, through her attorneys, J.
li. and Mortimer Smith.
, Charles Prowse, J. .1. Rose Jr. and W. J.
Ramage to-day tiled an appraisement of the
estate of Mary Petermann. an Incompetent
person, showing a total value of (41,486, while
the estate of Uenevieve, also known as Eva,
Kohler has been appraised at $11. 09.
j Superior Judge Ellsworth handed down a
decree to-day restoring: Mary L. Wheeler, to
mental capacity on the petition of Mary K.
I Hawkins, her guardian. Mi.-s Wheeler a
i teacher and became insane after experiencing
t a series of treatment through Christian science
I or faith cure.
I A second amended complaint has been filed
in the suit of Martial Davoust against the
city of Alameda for the recovery of 150.000 for
the electrocution of plaintiff's wife on Pearl
street, Alameda, last September. The city Is
: made sole defendant and negligence in allow
ing a live wire to dangle on the ground Is at
tributed to the defendant And Its servants.
! Articles of Incorporation were filed with the
County Clerk to-day by the Stewart Tanning
Company, with principal place of business In
Uerkelej and capital stock of 120,000, or which
■:.» has been actually subscribed. The dl
rectors are Robert and If. M. Stewart, William
i Whitney, M. (i. Richardson, all of Berkeley
and £*. G. Archibald of Centervllle.
Articles of incorporation have been filed with
I the County Clerk by the Olson Company, gro
| eery; general shipping and merchandise. The
i capital stock is J25.600, all actually subscribed
i The directors are Henry Olson. Nils Peter Ol
i pen, John Magnus Olson, William P. Pri title
and William H. Russell.. • .- ( "»eie
. Sam Hawkins, the colored lad who recently
jumped his ball on a battery charge, was cau
tured to-day and will probably be sent to a
reform school.
Kelson Ladell and William Griffin, the lads I
who confessed to the GaHndo Hotel burglary
i pleaded guilty to charges of petty larceny in
the Police Court to-day. They ■ will be sen
tenced next Friday. ■ - fj > .-t
Drunk and Despondent.
Maggie "Williams, living at 110 Grant
avenue, swallowed a dose of carbolic acid
in her room early yesterday morning
while drunk, but succeeded chiefly i n
burning her face. She was taken to" the
Receiving Hospital and the usual reme
dies were applied. Her friends say that
she has been despondent' for some time
over the life she was leading-
Bret Harte has one of his old-time
Christmas stories in next Sunday's
Call. Bead it-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1898.
DETECTIVES
ARE SEEKING
FOR PARKER
His Wife Wires From
Chicago.
NO CLEW TO THE LAWYER
MORE EVIDENCE THAT HE IS A
MAN OF WEALTH.
Believed That He Is Sick in Some
Part of the State and Unable
to Send Word to His
Friends.
* 6akland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Dec. 23.
The mystery surrounding me disappear
ance of John R. Parker was not lifted to
day, but rather deepened. In answer to
the dispatch sent from Chicago last night [
SOS Broadway, Dec. 23.
'he mystery surrounding me disappear
ce of John R. Parker was not lifted to
y, but rather deepened. In answer to
s dispatch sent from Chicago last night
by Chief Fletcher, several dispatches were
received to-day. One was sent to the
proprietor of the Galindo Hotel by Mrs.
Parker, who is now in Chicago, asking
for details of her husband's whereabouts,
if any are obtainable.
This morning a detective in the employ
of the Hibernia Bank of > San Francisco
came to Oakland to search for clews of
the missing man. The bank has been
asked by a prominent attorney of Chi
cago, who knows Parker well, to try to |
locate him. Their detective could obtain
no more news than was printed In this
morning's papers, for Parker dropped
completely out of sight, and no one la
able to even guess wnere he went. dropped
npletely out of sight, and no one is
c to even guess wnere he went,
The ordinary theories of foul play have
been advanced, but It is regarded as far
more reasonable that Parker is lying sick i
in some place unknown to his friends.
When he left tne Galindo he was known
to be sick and It is proDable that he be
came seriously ill and that he will soon be
found on account of the publicity given to
his disappearance.
When Attorney Parker came to Oakland
I a month ago he called on several attor
neys in the building where he rented of
[ flees, and made himself acquainted. One
of these attorneys is Darwin C. de Golia.
"Mr. Parker called in my office a few
days after his arrival, " said Mr. de Golia
this atternoon, "and we discussed various
matters for a couple of hours. He told i
me of his Chicago connections and of his
purposes in coming to California, and he
t evidently intended to look around and if
I everything was satisfactory to bring his
family out here. I am convinced he is a
man of some means, and he impressed me i
with the fact that be is a man of excel
lent judgment and stability. I am certain
i that he is not keeping away from Oakland
of his own desire."
Nothing more has been heard of 'th
man who called at the Galindo Hotel two
days after Parker's disappearance and in
formed the proprietor that Parker was
sick and would -not be back for a few
days. He has not called again and there
is no trace of him to be found. Parker's
I after Parker's disappearance and in
ted the proprietor that Parker w;
and would not be back for a t
. ii>- lias hot ca'.l>-ci again and ther
- trace of him to be found. Parker
mail still accumulates at his office in th
Blake A: Moffltt block, but as no one has
any authority to touch it it throws no
light on his disappearance.
lc has been learned that a man named
Parker was buried here November 23, but
although well along in years he was not
the missing attorney.
A guest attorney, Galindo Hotel was
guest at the Galindo Hotel wa.
found to-night who hail a conversation
with Parker the night before he left.
Parker went to Stockton to see some real
estate and was to return in a couple of
days. Mrs. Allen, proprietor of the hotel,
recalls a conversation in which Parker
told her he was going to Stockton, and i
she says if he be sick he is in a Catholic
I hospital, as he said he was once so well
■ treated in one of those institutions that
j he would go to no other.
PREPARING FOR A HOT FIGHT.
Alameda Politicians Getting in Line
for the Spring Election.
ALAMKDA. Dec. 2;!.— Alameda politics
Is beginning to bubble. New candidates
for the municipal offices are bobbing up
every day. and it is now certain that in
no case will the office have to seek the
man. James Fowler, Deputy Coroner, is
the latest to have political ambitions. He
baa a notion that he would like to shine
as a City Trustee, and his friends are
beginning to makn plans to capture for
him the nomination of one of the con
ventions. City Clerk Lamborn and Re
corder St. Sure will be candidates for re
election. They will apparently have a
walkover at the election. There is no
well defined opposition to either of them,
and so far they have the Held all to
themselves. A. T. Burns is out for the
Aasessoranip in opposition to B. M.
Smith. Burns is backed by the younger
element, and has a big following. Smith
baa held the office for several terms. Ros
well <i. Wheeler wants to succeed himself
us City Treasurer; Elmer Johnson, Os
wald l>ubbock and Unwood Palmer are
also after the position; but Wheeler's
friends claim he has the inside track and
will be an easy winner.
Ther,- v.fll be a warm fight for the office
of City Marshal, but the action of the
City Trustees in putting Sergeant Conrad
in the position to till the unexpired term
of Oscar Rogers has mixed matters to
such an extent that it is hard to tell |usi
now who will be in the field for the Job
Alameda is getting ready ror one of the
hottest political lights it has ever experi
enced.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 23. -The Health Depart
ment reports that Alameda is entirely free from
contagious diseases.
The Exempt Firemen will hold their annual
m.-Ptlng and flection of officers January 4
The Christmas entertainment of the First M
E. Church Sunday school was held this evening
; in the church parlors.
1 Police officer Keyes, -who was shot in Oak
• land a few weeks ag-o, has sufficiently recov
ered from his In.iurlt-s to be out on the streets
; apain.
The Fir» Deportment was called out this
I evening for a chimney fire in the home of
: Frank Sch liter, Regent street. The damage
] was nominal.
Academic Senate Meets.
BERKBL.KT, Dee. 23.— The professors
! and members of the faculty of the State j
j University met this morning as an exec- i
j utivo council. Among other items of
business it was voted that the name of !
| Miss Millicent AY. Shinn bo presented to |
the Board of Repents In recommendation :
I for the depree of doctor of philosophy.
Miss Shinn took a public examination last i
Saturday afternoon before a committee i
of the faculty for the Ph. D. degree, and '
1 Ihis action of the professors shows that
they were fully satisfied with the result
Besides the name of Miss Shinn, a list'
of nil the students who are to graduate J
this Christmas was made and passed, and '
it will be presented for ratification to ihe :
I'.onrd of Repents at their meeting next
Tuesday afternoon.
"011 a Podrida" Appears.
BERKELEY. Dec. 23.— "011 a Podrida "
the weekly paper published by the stu
dents of the Berkeley High School, will !
i appear to-morrov,- for the last time this
year. An elaborate Christmas edition
Ims been prepared, which reflects groat ■
I credit on tnose connected with Its man- I
agement. The cover is of bright red. and ■
the reading matter is well Illustrated !
some of the cuts being "joshes" on promi- j
j nent students and members of the school I
: faculty. The staff of editors consists of- I
, Allan Caven, editor-in-chief; Miss Biglev
Miss Trowbridge, Thomas R. Hanna
Miss Storie, George Elliot. Donald McKee I
and W. McCleave. Lee C. Dun* is busi- I
ness manager.
A Heavy Wind in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Dec. 23.-For the last two
nights the university town has been vis
it <d by a heavy north wind, the force of
which has never been equaled here before
It was confined almost entirely to the
central part of the city, the outlying dis
tricts being: scarcely touched " at all
Within the affected region the powerful
norther exerted its energy with a terrific
force, bringing sleepless nights to many
of the citizens. Ten or twelve windmills
were completely wrecked, doors were
taken off their hinges, fences were blown
down and signboards broken. Otherwise
the destruction of property was slight.
Some of the exposed sections of the town
were rendered quite impassable for pedes
trians.
College Is Closed.
BERKELEY, Dec. 23.— The present
academic term of the University of Cali
fornia closed this afternoon. For the past
two weeks the midyear examinations have
been on. but they were finished to-day,
and all the college buildings are deserted
for the Christmas holidays. The greater
part of the 1500 students at Berkeley have
left for home, not to return until the lGth
of next month, when the second term of
the academic year will commence.
Throughout the vacation the university
library will be kept open on Monday,
Wednesday and Friday of each week.
AGAINST CALIFORNIA PRODUCT
Local Protest Against the Ecuador-
Chile Treaty.
Local merchants, manufacturers and
exporters are considerably exercised over
a reciprocity treaty recently entered Into
by the Governments of Ecuador and
Chile. The treaty relates solely to com
merce and navigation, and under its pro
visions many articles of commerce are
admitted free of duty from one country
to the other. On the free list are sugar,
tobacco, fresh and preserved fruits, table
wines, dried and preserved vegetables,
preserved fish, cement, nearly all of the
base metals, lumber, flour, etc.
As soon as a copy of the treaty fell Into
the hands of the local exporters they saw
at a glance that its provisions would
work a serious injury to the Pacific Coast
commerce of this country-
San Francisco has enjoyed a good trade
with Chile and Ecuador, and the treaty
mentioned will have the effect of killing
it, especially in the line of flour, fruits
and wines. The matter was taken up by
the officers of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, who sent to the
Secretary of State at Washington a copy
of the treaty and a long letter calling at
tention to the discrimination against the
United States. The statistics given show
that hundreds of barrels of flour and
wine have been exported to these coun
tries.
The position taken is that the United
Slates and California should have the
same privileges in these countries as any
nation, and the Secretary of State is re
quested to do all in his power to preserve
United States Interests in South America.
lesterday a meeting was held in the
rooms of the association, which was at
tended by all of the local exporters and
the letter was indorsed. It was derided
that a memorial be sent to the Secretary
of State and the Pacific Coast represent
atives urging their speedy and earnest
co-operation and action in the correction
of this injustice/to American commerce.
—;i # ,
A NEW TRIAL ORDERED.
Judgment Reversed in a Valley Road
Contract Case.
The Supreme Court has reversed the de
cision of the lower court in the case of
A. V. Scanlan against the San Francisco
I and San Joaquin Valley Railroad Com- j
; pany. < The contractor brought the action J
:to recover what he contended was the
; contract price of the construction of a
. railway embankment. There was no con
! tention as to the amount of money due
: and the defendant stood ready to pay the
; same, but the difference lay in the re- j
sults of the different measurements as j
to the number of cubic feet the embank- I
ment contained, the price being on a basis
of ,so much per cubic foot. In the lower
court the contractor was successful but
the judgment was reversed by Justice
Van Fleet, who says:
We would suggest that upon another trial
of the case each side should put in evidence
the measurements upon which any computa
tion offered by It is founded, unless such
proof is waived by the other side. If the
measurements are before the court, errors in
computation can be corrected. • • • The
judgment and order appealed from are re- i
versed and the cause remanded for ■ a iJfcv i
trial.
WHITE EXONERATED.
No Charges We»e Made Against the
Spring Valley School's Principal.
Director Drnoker of the Rules Commit
tee of the School Board called his com
mittee together yesterday afternoon to
investigate the charges made against
Principal White of the Spring Valley
School by one of his fair teachers. Both
parties to the case were subpenaed, but
the lady in the case declined to make any
charges, and Mr. White was purged of
the allegations that were made against!
him. Mr. White in his own behalf .said
that he denied absolutely any charges
made aginst him and asked his ex-teach
er to declare publicly what she had
against him. She said that she had no
charges to make, and Chairman Drueker
adjourned the meeting without further in
quiry.
CAPTAIN MESSER'S CIGARS.
Nine Hundred and Ninety Seized in
His Stateroom on the Trans
port Scandia,
Xine hundred and ninety Manila cigars
were found by customs searchers yester
day in the stateroom occupied by Captain
Nat Meeser on the Scandia. The captain
had neglected *o inform the customs au
thorities that he had the cigars, and
played the first part of the Captain James
G. Blame act to perfection. But the ci
gars have been seized and will be sold
unless the captain pays the duty on them,
which will amount to about $75!
The seizure is regarded as a joke on the
captain, for he expressed indignation a
day or two before that warriors should be
obliged to pay duty on Christmas presents
in their luggage, just as If they were
mere shopkeepers.
Koenig's Generosity.
A large number of hearts have been
made glud during the holiday season by
reason of the open-heartedness of Frank
Koenig, the shoe-dealer at 122 Kearny
street. He has distributed more than 800
pairs of shoes to the following- charitable
organisations in this city and Oakland:
Maria Kip Orphanage, Armitage Orphan
age, Old Ladles 1 Home, Children's Hos
pital, San Francisco Benevolent. Associa
tion, San FVancisco Boys' Club Associa
tion, Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, The
Needle-Work Guild, French Toadies' Be
nevolent Society. German Ladies' Benevo
lent Society. Presbyterian Mission, Ladies'
Protective and Relief Society. Ladies'
Catholic Aid Society of Oakland. Catholic
Ladles' Aid Society of San Francisco, ana
the Salvation Army Home.
Has Lost Its President.
The Labor Council met last night and
at once adjourned out of respect to the
memory of Samuel L. Robbins, who died
last Sunday. Mr. Robbins was elected
president of the council at the last elec
tion of officers, and was universally pop
ular in trades union circles. He bore tlie
reputation of a man who had the inter
est of his union at heart and would go
straight ahead and do what he thought
was right regardless of consequences.
Hi" had been a member of San Francisco
Typographical Union No. 21 ever since
he was old enough to join. The Labor
Council has appointed a committee to
draft suitable resolutions o- respect.
Dinner 25 Cents.
Icecream, chicken, wine, etc. At the
Ralston, 783 Market street. •
St. Aiban's Christmas.
St. Alban's Sunday School held Its an
nual Christmas festival at Golden Gate
Hall last night. An elaborate programme
was presented, including vocal and in
strumental solos, orchestral numbers
recitations, an address, fancy dance, coon
song, a cantata, cake walk, a song and
dance, and Santa Glaus with a handsome
Christmas-tree.
The entertainment was well attended
and the applause generous. Dancing lol
lowed the distribution of gifts.
Hardtmuth's "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil
will outlast three others. Try it. •
S. H. Friedlander Returns.
Manager S. H. Friedlander returned to
the city yesterday, after a six weeks'
trip to Portland and the Sound.
Story of the King of Counterfeit
ers in next Sunday's Call.
COMMITTEES OF
THE NEW BOARD
SUPERVISORS GETTING READY
FOR THE NEW YEAR.
They Caucus at Dr. Perrault's Office,
but Ignore Gas and Water and
Other Perplexing Questions.
The incoming Board of Supervisors cau
cused last evening at the office of Dr.
Perrault, at the corner of Sutter and
Stockton streets. It was a lively session,
but the only thing that came out of it vns
the arrangement of committees for the
next year to come. Gas and water and
other paramount subjects that will come
before the board during its term in of
fice were utterly ignored and only the
working formation of the body was con
sidered.
The committees arranged were as fol
lows:
Finance— Dr. Perrault. chairman; Attridge,
Collins.
Street Committee — Aigeltlnger, chairman: ;
Kalben, Collins, Holland, Attridge.
Fire Department— Heyer, chairman; Phelps,
Holland, Collins, Kalben.
Public Buildings— Holland, chairman; Kalben,
Attridge.
Water and Water Supply— Phelps, chairman;
Lackmann Aigeltinger. Black, Attridge.
Judiciary — Bylngton, chairman; Phelps,
Aigeltinger.
Street Lights— Kalben, chairman; Phelps,
Holland, Black.
Licenses and Orders— Lackmann, chairman,
Aigeltinger, Black.
Hospital— Attridge, chairman; Bylngton. Kal
ben.
Real Estate and Assessments — Lackmann.
chairman; Holland, Deasy.
Personal Property Assessments — Phelps,
chairman; Black, Kalben.
Outside Lands— l>easy, chairman; Byington,
Perrault, Lackmann, Black.
Printing and Salaries— Black, chairman; Kal
ben. Deasy.
Health and Police— Collins, chairman; At
tridge, Phelps, Heyer, Larkmann.
UNPROVOKED ASSAULT.
W. W. Wells, a Son of the Auditor-
Elect, Struck With an Iron
Hook.
Henry Saxon, a teamster, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Detective Egan
and was booked at the City Prison on a
charge of assault to murder. The com
plaining witness Is W. W. Wells, a son
of the Auditor-elect.
Wella was standing on Market street, op
posite Powell, waiting for a car, when
Saxon drove along at a rapid pace. The
yoke of his wagon struck Wells, who
wheeled around and remonstrated with
Saxon. Saxon pulled out an Iron hook
used in handling freight and struck Wells
a blow on the head with it, cutting open
his scalp. Wells jumped into the dray
and grabbed hold of Saxon's coat. Sax
on seized his whip and aimed a blow at
Wells, who took it from nim and broke
it in pieces.
Detective Egan witnessed the assault,
and placed Saxon under arrest. He
claimed that Wells would not get out of
the way and called him names. He Is a tall,
powerful man, and it is a wonder that
Wells' skull 'was not fractured. v> ells
was taken t£ the Receiving Hospital, and
Dr. Hartley stitched and dressed the
wound in his scalp. He lost considerable
blood.
Election of "Officers.
The Austrian Benevolent Society has elected
the following named as its officers for the en
suing term: .T. L. Radovich, president; R. C.
Milloglav, vice president; F. Roux, treasurer;
A. Connich, recording secretary; George Copri
viza, financial secretary; Ij. Vicevich, con
ductor; C. Schussler. sergeant at arms; J. W.
Stoweart, M. Scanatlch. N. P. MiUnglav, A.
Kullcich." J. Matkovich. M. Tomusich. A.
Francovich, P. Ivancovich and J. Hoglilslch,
trustees; I>r. Joseph Pnjria, physician.
Yerba Buena I-od^e, Knights of Honor, has
elected the following officers for the ensuing
term: .T. K. Erlcson, dictator; L. J. Marks,
vice dictator: "William H. Howard, assistant
dictator: R. 11. Noble, reporter; C. G. Noble,
financial reporter; A. J. Fairweather, treas
urer; John O. Brown, chaplain: Frank 1,.
Wedeklnd, guide; Frank O. Johnstone. guard
lan: AViiliam Wallace, sentinel; A. M. Mac
pherson, Arthur L.oe-an and W. J. Thompson,
trustees. Joseph Baker becomes past dictator.
Court Twin Peaks, Ancient Order of For
esters, has chosen the following- named
as Its officers for the ensuing term: W.
K. Carpenter, chief ranger: A. Cairns, sub
chief ranger; A. Smith, financial secretary: W.
T. Pelvin, recording secretary; W. T. Ham
mond, treasurer; \V. J. Clinton, senior wood
ward: P. A. Irvine, junior woodward; W. M
Tench, senior beadle; L. Fletcher, junior
beadle; P. Koppen, F. "W. Puffier, W. L
Marden. 1). 11. Wulzen and F. Hlegel, trus
tees; Dr. J. H. Soper. physician.
Two Contests Filed.
Judge Charles A. Low has filed a con
test to the election of A. B. Treadwell
and Michael Meagher asks to be placed
in the position of Albert Berthier, Re
corder-elect. Both contestants claim that
they were counted out and that malcon
duct on the part of election officers was
responsible.
Christmas Magic, by Professor
Hoffman, in next Sunday's Call.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were quiet as usual and not
materially changed.
Local securities were lively and Irregular.
Hawaiian Commercial was the active stock
and ran up to $5^124 on the morning session,
but fell back somewhat. Gas and Electric was
lower at $84 62M.555.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending- December 17, the usual
prospecting work was done. The north drift
in No. 10. ledge on the 150 foot level shows IS
inches of good ore. The north drift in the
gold ledge in the H tunnel has a streak of
good ore three inches wide. In the stopes they
have a small streak of rich ore on the 270 foot
level. The ore on the 370 foot level Is not as
good as it has been. The ore on the 470 level
Is mixed but averages well. At the new mril
the outside work is completed with a few excep
tions. The machine shop is running. The
foundation for the power plant at Green Creek
will be finished this week. By this time the
first shipment of machinery should be on 'the
ground., Tailings plant No. 1 treated 342 tons
of tailings for the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Dec. 23...
_ _ r, * Bid. Ask. „ Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— . Pac L Co.. — 60
is quar coup.. — — SF G & E... 84% —
Is quar reg.. — — San Fran...... 3* —
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas. IQU 14
3s quar c0up. .107 .* — . Insurance-
Miscellaneous— Flrpm's Fund. 2lo ' — ■
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 117 Water Stocks-
Car El 65../...125 — Contra Costa.. 50 65
C C Wat 65... 101 — Marin Co ...; 50 —
Dup-st ex c... — 9Si£ Spring Valley.lOl^lOlW
r. I, & P 65...130 — Bank StocKs—
F&CI Ry 63.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 64H 654
Geary-st-R 6s. — 100 Bank of Ca1...25T»v, —
HC & S 5V4s. — 103 Cal SD«T.. S>7>&loo
L. A L. Co 65.. 99 — First NRtionl. 223 —
Do gntd 65. .100 — I^on P & A.... 133 —
Market-st G5..128 7 6— Mer Exchange — 1C
Do Ist M ss. — 116 Nev Nat 8... .176 — '
NCN G R 7s.l0!) — Savings Banks—
NBy Cal 65..11ti 120 Ger S. & L..1625 —
N Ry Cal 65..106£ — Hum S & L..1050 1110
NPC R R 65.103 — Mutual Saw — 45
NPC R R 55.102',4102»i S F Say U. 500 —
N Cal R R 55.103 105 S& I, 50....,— 100
Oak Gas 5s — 110 — Security S B 300 JSO
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060 . —
P &CI Ry 65.107 — Street Railroads—
P* O 65. ..'..'.112 — ' California 109% —
Powell-st 65. ..118 123 Geary ........ 45 —
San El Ry r.s.. — — |Market-3t .:... 58% 6S»i
S F & X P 55.110t4 — I Oak S L, & H _7*7 * _
SierraßCal 6s. UK '-105'$ Presidio »U —
S P of Ar Gs.lll»i — Powder— ...
5 P C65(1305-6)112 11214 California ■....150 151
6 PC 68.(1912)118.. - |X Dynamite... 85 35
SPCIs eg ss. 103 — Giant Con Co. 59% 60
SPBr 6s 119 — Vlgorit 3H ZV,
S V Water Cri.lliHi — Miscellaneous-
S V Water 4s. 102%103 Al Pac Assn.. lo6 105%
S V W4s(3dm).lol!*lol>4 Ger U\ Wks 160 _
Stktn Gas 65.. — 105 Hana PI C 0... 17&4 177-
Gas & Electric— HC& SCo oS«4 isii
Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 64*1 to%
Cent Gaslight. l Of. — Mer Ex Assn. »v • - S
Cent I> & P... 16% 17 Oceanic SCo 61% 6'«
Mutual El Co. 11 im Pac A F A... lC 1*
Oakland Gas.. — :>2V, Pac C Bor Co.lol —
Pac Gas Imp. 84% 85H Par Paint Co. 714 —
Morning Session]
. Board— ." ■
20 Alaska Packers' Association...... ion "iO
■10 Anglo-Cal Bank :....; r , es m
80 Giant Powder Con... ....'."" 60 ■•".
25 Giant Powder Con .][[ '60 oil
60 Hana Plantation C 0...:.... .'.'.'." '17 Sit
6 S V Water. ]'[ : ""''ini 2S*
J4OOO S V 4 per cent bonds 102 ?"\
$1000 SPof A b0nd5..*......'...... | jj^ --'*
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar "'" 58 00
Ed Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar "m «
75 Hawaiian Commercial &- Sugar "ks ?n
lF.n Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. """■>£ 7^
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar/ iTi! 59 00
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar no
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 59 1214.
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. "" a m 2
2 Murket-st Railway B sn nn
•25 Ma,rket-stnailwav... .....■■■••"•• ro ■£
200 Market-st Rai1way........ M r-u.
100 Market-st; Rail way......... :•••••■•••; ?), p*
I ! mm > r V l Ry ° f FF aya v 5 P er cent' bonds!!! 106 50
JjOO C S 3 per cent b0nd5. :."......:....... ; [187 00'
' 60 8 # vrAvater............................v r Avater................ ............ 101 g.
Afternoon Session.
Board—
60 Alaska Packers' Association 105 00
50 Central Light & Power I 6 5 °
110 Giant Powder Con 60 °°
$1000 S F <•- N P Ry bonds, s 90 110 «2Vi
300 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 5S 7o
225 Hawaiian Commercial &. Sugar 5S 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, b 3. 58 50
CO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar ">S 62 !4
18 Hutchinson S P Co 04 75
100 Market-st Railway 58 75
50 Pacific Gas Imp 85 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 75
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 62^
55 S V Water 101 25
Street—
30 Alaska Packers' Association 105 50
$1000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent b0nd5. ..106 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gaslight 9 00
40 Market-st 59 50
50 Giant 60 00
Street—
60 Equitable Gaslight 9 00
25 Central Light & P 16 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1." P V Water 10125
IGO Hawaiian 59 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 07 |300 Mexican , 29
200 Belcher 19 1300 Ophlr .. 49
KOO Best & Belcher. 34:100 Potosl . " ' 14
<00 Best & Belcher. 35 200 Sierra Nevada SO
100 Chollar 15 300 Sierra Nevada." 81
100 Con Cal & Va...l 05 200 Union Con 14
NX) Gould & Curry.. 231300 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 32 fm Justice 15
100 Caledonia 22,)00 Ophir 47
?00 Con Cal & Va...l 061800 Yellow Jacket.! 23
COO Con Cal & Va...l 00|
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
roo Belcher 18 1 r.O Occidental 85
(00 lipst & Belcher./ 34;r00 Ophlr 49
rOO CholJar j 14400 Savage 09
!100 Con <"al & Va..l OS 300 Sierra Nevada.. SO
£00 Confidence CO 1000 Union Con 13
!!00 Crown Point.... 1G 1 500 Union Con 14
F«) Gould & Curry.. 23 ! 000 V tan 09
400 Gould & Curry.. 22 j300 Yellow Jacket.. 22
1200 Mexican 2S UOO Yellow Jacket.. 23
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 17 •■ 100 Occidental 87
200 Belcher 18 1200 Occidental 85
700 Best & Belcher. 32 1 100 Occidental 82
tOO Con Cal & Va.l 02'^ 200 Savage 10
300 Could & Curry.. 22 200 Sierra Nevada.. 79
000 Hale & Norc-rs.. 08 200 Union Con 14
250 Justice 15 600 Yellow Jacket.. 23
4i)o Mexican 28 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Dec. 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia — 01
Alta 07 08 Justice 14 16
Andes 04 05 Kentuck 08 10
Belcher 17 18 Lady Wash.... — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 27 28
Best & Belcher 32 33 Occidental S5 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 46 48
<';ti.,ionla 21 23 Overman 07 08
Chollar 14 IS Potosl 14 35
Challenge Con. 15 17 Ravage 08 10
Confidence 61 62 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 00 105 Beg Belcher.... 03 04
Con Imperial... — 01' Sierra Nevada. 78 79
Crown Point... 15 161 Sliver Hill — 04
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 10
Eureka Con 30 — Istandard 230 —
Exchequer — 02 Cnion Con 32 14
Gould & Curry- 21 23 Utah 09 11
Hale & Norcrs. OS 0.» Yellow Jacket. 22 24
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Olgu A. and Ernest F. Tamm to Harry Block,
lot on N line of Clay street, 56:3 E of Baker,
E 25 by N 105; $10.
Edward and Louis Metzger to Fannie S.
Downing, lot on SE • corner of Twenty-fourth
and Castro streets, S CO by E < 80, quitclaim
deed; $1000.
Henry and Eliza Stern and Fannie S. Down
ing to Stephen A. Born, same; $47u0. .
Joseph and Mary Cuneo to Gianbatlsta Ca
prile, lot on VV line of Dupont street 77:6 N
of Pacific, N 20 by W 72; Sl't.
Glanbatista and Margaretha Caprile to Joseph
Cuneo, lot on N line of Jackson street 105:6 W
of Stockton, N 62:6, E 28, N 57:6. E 36:6. S 120.
W 64:6; *10. .
John and Maria V. Ballard, William H. and
Rebecca E. Martin to A. H. Payson (trustee),
'v lot on SE line of Harrison street, 275 NE of
Spear, NE 82:6 by SE 45:10, quitclaim deed
sfcooo.
Same to same, lot on 8 corner of Harrison
and Spear streets, SW 275 by SE 550: also V» lot
on SH line of Harrison street, 45:10 XE of
Spear, NE 229:2 by SE 137:6; $360,750.
Ferdinand E. Hesthal to John D. Spreckels
tot cm SW line of Third street, 145 SE of Mar
ket, SE 25 by SW 75; $10.
John D. Spreckels to Claus Spreckels, same;
Antolne and Grade Borel to Georglna Den
ahama, lot on E line of Thirty-first avenue. 100
S of Clement street. S 25 by E 120; J!0.
Georgina Denahama to Antolne and Grade
Borel, lut on E line of Thirty-first avenue 2*o
S of Clement street, S 25 by "c 120; $10.
George and Johanna Seeger to Jacob Hev
man, lots 274 and 276, Gift Map 3; also lot on
\V line of Eleventh avenue, 225 N of X street.
N r,'i by \v 180: $io.
Josei>h and Mary Cuneo to Glanbatista Ca
prile. lots 5, 6 and 11, block 26, West End Map
Estate of William E. Murphy (by John Mo
ran, executor) to Emma Brode (wife of R. J.),
lots 12. _lf, and 16, block Z, Park Lane Tract
Clay and Delia Markle (by R. I. Whelan
Sheriff) to I. J. Haver. lot on NE line of Sev
enteenth avenue. .TTj SE of N street. SE 25 by
NE 100, lot 35. block 330. Case Tract; $175.
John I. Halliday or Holliday to Charl*s F.
Kapp. estate of Margaret Holliday or Halli
day, No. 15. 700, deed and assignment: $6iJO.
Board of Supervisors of City and County of |
San Francisco to San Francisco and West j
Shore Railway Company, resolution and grant
:is to route over streets, etc., commencing at
intersection of Twenty-fifth street and Potrero I
nvyiue, thence to S through private property
tn lind across Utah street, between Yolo ana
Colusa, thence from Vtah street through
private property to N line of Nebraska,
thence along and upon Nebraska and '
San Bruno road to Intersection of Army and
Vermont, thence through private property to
Barneveid avenue, thence to Its Intersection
with J>oomls avenue, thence along Loomls ave
nue crossing Waterloo and Marengo streets,
thence across Dickerson "street and< private
property to and across San Bruno road to
Paul street, thence- across Paul street and pri
vate property to Welden street rnto Case street,
thence SW along Case Into Islay to Gates
thence SW along Case Into Islay to
Gates, thence S of W along Islay
street crossing Wayne, Kosciusko. Moul
trie streets, Andover avenue, Bache and
Porter, on the N line of King, Amerherst.
Cambridge and Oxford on tne 8. through pri
vate property near and along Islay street
crossing Madison. Congden and Craut street'
Mission road, -where Cuvier street intersects
therewith, still along Islay street, crossing
Milton. Rousseau, Rotteck. Lyall, Danton, Cot
ter and Badger streets through private prop
erty tn a SW direction and through private
propeivv through and across Ocean House road
to Onelda avenue, thence across Oneida avenue
to and Into Delaware avenue, thence S of W
along and upon Delaware avenue to and across
Ottawa to Wyoming, thence W of S along
Wyoming to Regent avenue, thence across Re
gnnt avenue and private property to and across
Lubig street at Intersection and crn<-.sinir of
San Jose avenue, thence through private prop
erty to and across Rhine into Delnng. thence
alnnt,- Delong to and across Worcester avenue I
and property to terminus of road:
Son Francisco and Wost Shore Railway Com
pany to John W. Eisenhuth, same- grant
Harriet S. McElroy to Emma L. Van Duzer I
(wife of A. P.), lot commencing 68:9 from SK
corner of Gough and Union street* S °06-2 V"
137:6. N 137:6. W 45, N 137:6, W 2:6, S 65:9,' W
Alliance Building and Loan Association to
Harry W. Brant, lot on S line of Pine street
23 E of Broderick. E 21:6 by S 92° $3000 c '
Ilortense Bernler to Jules Wolf, lot on E
7n"h Of rr « e - rOßtreet> 58 S of Fourteenth, S
Antone Eberle to Julius H. Jacoby. lot on E
line nf Bryant avenue, 135 Sot Twenty-first
S 2.> by E 100: $io. emj " rst -
Peter F. Ollroy to Ira W. Coburn. lot on NF
FT"-"?]!) SP> ' and Sanchez streets, X 33 by
Ernest and Marparet Zimmermann to James
J. Rooney Jr.. undivided half of lot on \Mn
N-S" P|loP |10 Street ' 20 W ° diamond. W 40 "by
Darby Laydonto P. F. Dunflon. lot on W
line of Winthror- (Webster) street ls-10 nf
W- e 9l-s"VI0 a ' 8 ? 183:4 E ° f KeamyS^Svf by
Samnpl nn<l I^ura L,. Shortrlda-e to Charlotte
Johanna Bushman (wife of WllllßTn^ tn tj»i
thasar and Kntharina Hutn' lot on N W
N^sf m** 18T:S w of Kearn "- V» by
_ Helena G. Maison (widow) ■to Bernhard h
Luck*, lot on XE corner of Green and Powl^i
streets.. E7oby N 137:6: $11 118 ■ Powell
Golda' Alexander to A. -Aronson, lot on N line
?3-^ a «r.o! treet> 215 W ot Powell - w 0?2% by N
C. Fra«er to Mary EJ J Fra«iPr~ !nt m
Willlan! H: Kelly to Katherlne Kelly (wlfe>
TWllllamT Wllllam and Sarah A. klbbe to John A and
Sun^iae; A^ qUfSt ' lot **««* $ffi^.
S nC o S f° £™ /° Jacob Heyman, lot on
?- by% 19- ?? n t TT a X, Btr , eet - 3 " Bof Capitol. E
AssociaUon; l^ 2 - bl ° Ck D ' Ratlroad Homestead
Alameda County.
c° ce M rr P ff e ce BeB ce W iot M on S V°,i G4or 55 c*e * M.^and Charles
Si.,T' c ; r?* -° n N ' llne «' W, Tenth street,
Ih w il > P V PRS "treet. E22 by N 75. being
T^bS^dW b o Ck 539> *•«■•«•««•£
l™«l ™« s p R ts 10 Bridget Roberts, lot on
BtFeef« F mvi H We v- y ;r cond and ■■Magnolia
block «31. map of Adeline street lots: also lot
on N line of * Twenty-second street. 103:4 -W of
Adeline street. W 50 by M 101. beinjr lots 5 and
4fj.^ block 631. map of Adeline lots. , Oakland;
r^ IO lal ?i a / n l. Ella M - Boucher to Maria L.
Channell (wife of D. B.). lot on W line of
Brush street, 50 S of Eleventh, S 60 by W 60,
block 149, Oakland; $10.
George W. Humphrey to Philip M. and H.
Celestia Condit, lots 1 to 6, block C, new town
of Lynn, East Oakland; $10.
Hattie E. anrl \V. V. Holcom to W. J. Whit
ney and May A. Haley, lot on NW corner of
Virginia and Hamilton streets or McGee ave
nue, W SS, N 134.67, E 47.42, S 135, to beginning,
block B, Hamilton Tract, subject to mortgage,
Berkeley: $1000.
Laura F. Dingley (wife of C. L.. Jr.) to Fred
W. Foss. lot on S line of Lincoln street, IS4:S
W of Shattuck avenue, W 50 by S 135. being
lot 12, block B, Golden Gate Homestead, quit
claim deed, Berkeley: $10.
William C. and Mary R. Price to J. Arm
strong and L. C. Mayhew, lot on E line of;
Spring street, 367 S of Vine, S 126 by E 300.
being lots 13 and 14. block 3, Berkeley View
Homestead, warranty deed, Berkeley; $10.
American Surety Company of New York to
F. H. and Emma T. Mesow, all interest in lot
on SE corner of Maple street and College ave
nue, E 120 by S 64, being lot 8. block 1 A. Uni
versity Villa Tract, Berkeley; $10.
W W. Haley to James L. and Katty B.
Taylor, lot on NW line of Wilson avenue, 72S:0J
NE of Vernon street. NE 45, NW 145. SW 45. 53,
SE 143, to beginning, being lot IS. East Fruit
vale Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. C. Bowles to J. M. Gregory, two acres,
bounded on N by lands t>f G. G. Barker. E by
lands of H. A. Morris. S by lands of E. H.
Robinson and W by lands of Eliza Meyers,
Brooklyn Township: $I'IOO.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Pacific Coast
Dredging and Reclamation Company, lots 1.
2 12 to 17, block 754, Houghman Tract, Oak
land: $4065.
Jennie I. Bridges to P. E. Bowles, lot 49.
Mltchel Tract, Map 2, Oakland: $10.
LeJa M. ami Ole (*. Vinzent and James Stan
ley (administrator estate of Julius Fischer, by
commissioner) to Oakland Bank of Savings,
lot 4. block B. lands Oakland View Homestead
Association, being portion Walsworth 100 Tract,
Oakland; $1148.
Charles and Helena McCormlck to John H.
W. Muller, lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue.
100 NE of E Twenty-second street, NE 50. SE
150, SW 14:3. NW 48:6, SW 35:9, NW 101:6, to
beginning, block 139. Clinton, East Oakland;
$10.
Farm!» S. Springsteen to Paula Hawkins, lot
2 and E X lot 11, block 2107. Alden Tract at
Temescal, Oakland Annex: $300.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
William Ford Jr., the N % of lot 121 and S 4
lot 125 in plat 40, Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland Township; $90.
Bridget M. and P. U Bassett to Cosmopoli
tan Mutual Building and Loan Association, lot
on E line of Redwood avenue, 315 N of Tobler
street. N 45. E 114:09, S 16.90. S 32.00. W 125. to
beginning, being lot 32 and N M lot 31, Fruit
vale Park, Brooklyn Township; $1400.
Alfred T. Riley (by commissioner) to Paliie
W^ Rose, lots G4 and 65, block B. amended map
ofT'hristianla Tract, Berkeley; $611.
George S. McKenzie to Hank of Napa, l"t nn
NE corner of Cedar and Louisa streets, N
by E 101:6, block 6, Graves and Taylor Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Irena M. Rawllngrs and Harriet E. Skilton
to Frank N. Dodd, lot on S line of San Antonio
avenue 100 E of Oak street, E 50 by S l<v>,
belne the W 50 feet nf lots 5 and 6. block X,
kinds adjacent to Encinal. Alameda: $600.
J. W. and Valentine Iluml <by attorney) to
S O. Holmes, lot on E line of Louise street.
42". X of B , N 25 by E 133, being subdivision B
in lot 5, block SOO, Watts Tract, map 2, Oak
land; $240.
p. S. and Mary F. Orrick to E. A. Heron, lot
on N corner of Adams and Perkins streets. NB
90 by NW 120. block F, Oakland View Home
stead, Oakland: ?10.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Byron L.
Davenport, Fame, Oakland : $10.
J. West and Jane F. Martin to Mary E. Grif
fith, lot 10, block F. resubdlvlsion of Weston
Tract, Oakland Annex: $10.
Georpe M. and Ethel Sheldon to Robert Wan
nemacher, lot on N line of Alcatrnz avenue, 40
W irom SE corner of block 1. Central Park
Tract, N 50, W 100. S 27. E 100 to a point 25
N of point of beginning on first mentioned line
running N, being a portion of block 1, Central
Park Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Jacinto and Margarlda Sllva to Antonio S. da
Rosa, 25.72 acres beginning at NE corner of
Lone Tree Cemetery, thence SW 26.40 chain* to
center of Sulphur Creek, thence NE 21. 30
chains, NE 13.20 chairs to county road. them«
NW 3 chains, NW (.02 chains. NW 3.8S chains
to beginning. Eden Township: $l n .
LATE SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCI
SAIL,EP>.
Friday, December 23.
Etnir Sunol, Jacobs, T'.-al.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKEL.EY— SaiIed Dec 23— Ship Wa
chusett, for Sydney. »
TRANSATI, ANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW" YORK— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr St liouli,
from Southampton.
QIIEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Um
brla, from New York.
SAN FRAINCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS" OFFICE ot the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the ■••ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
v 287 Hayes street; open until 1:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; tipen until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner sixteenth: OD«n
until a o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
ftreetfi: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1, m rm
I. O. O. F., meets THIS (SATUR- #
DAY) EVENING. Royal Purple De- _/v
gree. Hefreshments. All Patriarchs X
Invited. W. I. CROSSETT, C. P.
THE California Debris Commission having; re-
ceived application to mine by the hydraulic
process from. Rocco Molinari in the Humbug
Gulch Mine, near Volcano, Amador Co., to
deposit tailings in Humbug Gulch; rrom J. ;>..
Meek, «in the Grizzly Hill Mine, near Vol-
cano, Amador Co., to deposit tailings in Mis-
ery Creek; from Lewis Emery Jr., in the
i Emery Placer Mine, near Mountain Ranch,
Calaveras Co., to deposit tailings in Murray
Creek, and from Archie Newell, in the Newell
Claim, near Oleta, Am__or Co., to deposit
tailings in Deadman Creek, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on January 9
1899, at 1:30 p. m.
STOCKHOLDERS* Meeting— The annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the California Dry-
dock Company will be held at the office of
the company. No. 302 California street, San
Francisco. California, on MONDAY, January
9, 1599. at 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction or such
other business as may properly come before
the meeting. W. F. RUSSELL, Secretary.
Office No. 302 California street, room 3
San Francisco, Cal., Dec. 24, 1898.
NOTICE of Stockholders" Meeting— Office of
the Mountain Ice Company of California 327
Market st., San Francisco, Notice Is
hereby given that in accordance with a reso-
lution of the board of directors of the Moun-
tain Ice Company of California, duly adopted
at a meeting of said board,- duly convened
and held on the 16th day of December lS9t
a. special meeting of the stockholders of th»
Mountain Ice Company of California will be
held on Friday the 24th day of February
1899, at the office of the company at HI
Market st. in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, the same be-
ing the principal place of business and of-
fice of said corporation, and the buildim?
where the board of directors usually meet
The object and purpose of said stockhold-
ers meeting is to then and there take into
consideration and act. upon a proposition
to diminish the capital stock of said com-
pany from three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000)
shares of the par value of one hundred ($100)
dollars each, to thirty thousand ($30,000)
dollars, divided into three thousand (3000)
shares of of the par value of ten ($10) dollars
each. By order of the board of directors
JOSEPH MARTIN. "
Secretary of the Mountain Ice Company of
California.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL HANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO. Cal.. will be held at its barr-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco. Cal;. on TUESDAY, January 10, 1399
at 3:16 o'clock p. m.. for the election of dl-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and tha
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Kors to serve for the year and the
leaction of such other business as may
c before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary
San Francisco, December 9. 1898. ,■
A LOAN can be had on your plane without re-
moval, or we will buy it. I UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant aye., near Market St..
.. ______________ _
pryipgwp woTicgg.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The German Saviours
and Loan Society, 526 California st —For the
half year ending December 31, IS9B, a divi-
dend has been declared at. the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum on . term deposits and
three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
on ordinary deposits, free of taxes payable
on and after Tuesday/ January 3 IS9B a divl-
een declared at the rate of four (4)
>er annum on term deposits and
me-third (3 1-3) per cent per annum
y deposits, free of taxes, payable
;r Tuesday. January 3 1899 "
GEORGE TOURNY.' Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 88 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office 37
Market St.. on and after Tuesday. January
3, 189$' ' .
Transfer books will close on Wednesday
December 28. 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m
_____ E. H.SHELDON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union. 532 Califor-
nia St., corner Webb. Dividend notice— For
the half year ending with the 31st of De
cember, 1593. a dividend has been declare.!
at the rate, per annum of four (4) per cent
on term . deposits and three and one-third
(3 1-3) per cent on ordinary, deposits free of
taxes, payable on and after Tuesday Jarm
ary 3. 1899. LOVELL WHITEJ Ca_hle"r.
DIVIDEND notice— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33, Post street. For the half
year ending December 31, IS9S, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and six-
tenths. (3.6) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday, January 3, 1899.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES^ ~~~
BAD tenants ejected for H: ' collect ions^niadV
rn y _?? .country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel: 5550.
ROOMS papered - from $3; whitened. M vd 7
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d at.SITUATION W ANTED— ALE. ]
FIRST-CLASS nurse, beat of references, desires I
a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 31i> Sut-
ter st.
MANAGING, housekeeper 4n a family of re-
finement by- a widow from the East: refer-
ence. Address till Jan. 3. Housekeeper, 1175
Eleventh aye.. East Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED we man. used to restaurant
■work for J years, to wash dishes, help with
cooking ard make herself generally useful.
Box «te. CAII. _^
REFINED Luiy with girl of 12 desires posi-
tion, as working ncusdkeeper for respectable
party; city references. Address box *J6. Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as i
bovmkeeper; no objection to country town.J
Address bex 604. Call.
WOMAN wants situation as housekeeper cr
ctamberwork in country hotel. Call or ad-
drttH room 2. 1747 Mission st.
WANTED— FamiIy sewt_g by day or we-k. i
Atiresa i 43 Howard it.
SITVATION as housekeeper : no objections to j
Igavlcg the city. MKS. S-. 220 Golden Gate ay. j
EXPERIENCED German nurse in confin-.-aer.t !
ar.d ether sickness d*si;-»* •?nga*r#rr:ents: b^st [
references: terms reasonable. Aldresa Nurse. :
li: Eighth st.
ALL the cons"i>leratlcn and respect siwwn to
ladies; whi> are tercporarily ernba:-ass«d at !
UNCLE HARRIS". 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market. I
NURSE wisies a few more enjrag^ment.*: ex- !
p-erienced: tenrj reasonable. 21J ■ 'ath st!
YOUNG wcrcan w.ahes a place ta do house- !
wr:rk and ake care of chil.iren. 1253 Broad-
way «t.. c< ir Hyd?.
_— — _ ————-——————————______,
SITVA.riO.% WANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. Au_,i. 30 Geary; teL Grant it.
CHINESE i.-.i Japanese Employment O:fic«: j
best h«ip. 414*-. O'Fa St.; tel. East 4J4.
RELIABLE man and wife want positions to j
til chamixrwork in hotel or lodging houae; |
city or coontry. Address J. G., o<jx 405. Call, i
SITUATION wanted— A gooxi gup-rlnter.Jent of i
any kind cf mechanical work; co bad habits i
aid good refers Address box Sit, Call.
YOL"NG man wants p-^siticn as belibcy or In '
stationery store. Address box TIT. Call.
TOUXG nan wants pcs'.tKn in private family; j
understands care of horses and cows: Is not
afraid of work; wages not so much an object
aa home; city cr country. Address Box (U3,
Call crSce.
ALL who intend to go to the country can stcre
their sealskins, silverware, piaxw or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return. r?ce:v- i
Ing a lean v well, from UNCLE HARRIS, U j
Grant aye.. near Market st.
EITUATION as bookkeeper desired: at present !
employed with weil-knowr: house, which can i
recemmeci me; ether city references. Bex '
C 2. Caa office. j
SINGLE Englishman wants situation as milker i
and buttermaker; understands the care of ,
fine stock ar.d rearing calves ar.d pigs. Ai- j
dress C. HEWITT. SCa Second st.. Oakland. ;
■WAITER wants situation ta hotel, restaurant
or private family; good reference. Boi iZI. ■
Call office. I
PARTIES war.tiite foreman -...- Co. i
mines can correspond with practical miner:
rood references, having held the *ame posi- !
tien for years. CHARLES KNUCKEY. 2LSO j
Broadway. OaJ_— nd.
6TEADY man wishes position as watchman; j
day cr night: twelve years; best city refer- ;
tr.ee. A. A.. ?70 First st. i
TOUNG Ei:, carpester by trade, would like to
get any other steady position in wholesale
house, where services cf a responsible and
honest man is reti-sired; can giv» bonds. Call
or a<Mr«s3 barber ( hop, 552 Mission st. ■
WINCHESTER H.use. 44 Third st. near Mar- '
ket VX rocms; 25c to II 50 night: II 50 to St ;
we*-* ccsvenient and respectable; Ires 'bus ;
and caggage to and frcm ferry.
E27 MONTGOMERY, ccr. Clay— Open u.-ti! 3.20 !
e'eiqek: branch of3ce cf The CalL Sufcscrip- j
ti Dns and want ads taken.
= i
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
MUST have 4 more waitresses for first-class j
country hotel, to hold "tatlcn cf 3 chairs; to
stirt Dec 28: 123. Call and engage to-day. !
C B. HAKSKN & CO , l'J4 Geary st. j
I waitresses, country, ICO: 2 efcjunbermaWa ;
to wait. 52 1 ); chamtermaid. first-ciaas city >
. hotel, Jl7 30: 2 hotel waitresses, ci:y, J2O; 4 j
restaurant waitresses. J5, extras for Christ- ;
niAi Jl: 2 waitresses, 113. C. R. HAN3EN _
CO., 104 Geary st.
LADY'S maM to travel to England, most have I
reference: first-ciass co>ik. 2 in family. 130; i
enc's. an«i laundress, J3O: hcuse girl. Protest- j
ant. IS): working housekeeper, small family, !
115: and a great many girls for city aod j
country. $12 to J23: 10 young ciris to work in J
f acton', a week. C. R. KANSEN 4 CO.. 134
Geary st- j
CHAMBERMAID: fir«t-cUj» city hotel. C. R. .
KA_NSE^.* *: CO.. KM G-arr rt-
GIRLS for bonswork. San Rafael. 120: Sa-
:-•>.-. 115: Berkeley, Jl5: Alame.la. SSi; Bak-
ersfleld. tK; Houiiter. tTr. and a large num- i
ber tor city. J. F. CROtSETT &. CO., 31» Sut- i
ter ■-.. j
NURSE. Infant. 123: second girl. CO: wa!tr»sa
and parlor maii. 123; 3 cocks, 125. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. TA Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID. f.75t-cl.is3 hotel; waitress. \
assist at counter. J2Q; 4 waitresses and cham- j
t>enaal£s. J2D ar.l X a we«k; ar.d others. J. F. ;
Cr.OSETT & CO.. n-i Sutter St. !
WAITRSSSES. dirfer»nt country hotels. J2O j
and JIT 50 far« pmXd: chambermaid, assist!
wait, country hotel. CO: girls for housework, i
«s3Ußtry places. MURRAY & READY, 634 ;
a.-.-i €34 Clay st. I
WANTED— MQ yo»^r.g !a J .!'s to participate in j
t>.» grani prize dar-ces at the Mechanics' Pa- ;
nu.ifi to-night. Christmas eve; first prize for ,
the best courie. CO cash- second prize. J3i ■
third prixe. J2 55. The contest will consist cf i
pclkau waltz, sctwttieche; each ccnt^ting •
couple must participate in all t dances; en- i
tr.es must be made at the Mechanics' Pa- |
viiicn'at office before. 9 p. DO. A merry time i
to all. ■
HOUSEKEEPER by widower; no children: ,
mu«t be neat and a Protestant: good home i
ar.d fair wages ta --.-. party. Box eC3. Call.
NEAT.' «— _ — -rr .ar.. assistant nurse. In- i
■tttßtioa: German or American erred. 512
Misr-a st. !
GIRI. corcpestt^r wanted for occasional work; i
*tate experience and wages. Box 610. Call.
FTRST-CLAS3 waist hand; call early. 12
Hopgtca - — race. |
WOMAN with Knail child. Apply at HI Har-
ri«cn st.
GOVERNESS wanted for three children- In-
quire Occidental Hotel. December 23 and 23.
between - and 5 p. m. .
J2 OR JIOO to loan on your watch at UN'CLS :
HARRIS. 1* Grant aye.. near Market st.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE: lessens Jl p«r week. *2S '3*ary.
LEARN dressmaking and mtll'.r.ery; poaittons
free patUrna. 25c up. McDowell' b. M Post.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for II 50 a y»ar.
____________________
HELP WANTED-MALK.
' ' I-..-.-T. i i-.n -
MAN who has worked around water w?rka and
' reservoirs: must tx able to do some black-
ts:!t*iis? and repairing and used to handling
a gar.g of men: S3 ada steady Job, C. R.
HAN SEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
M\N ab'-ut place, with references. 123; ccach-
man. city. C. R- HANSSN A CO.. 134 Geary.
WAFFLEMAN. 133: cook, snail country hot-L
VXi: cook, small h -tel. 123.
Neat hotel waiter. 133: waiter. n»ar city.
130. C. R. HANS IN 4 CO.. 134 Geary st
BARBER, city: 125 to $30 and found. C. R.
KANSEN & CO.. 10-4 Geary st.
LABORERS; mountain railroad; ship to-night;
two-thirds fare ;.-««• C. R. BLANSEN I CO..
104 G«ary »t-
SHIP i-r Fkaguay Tuesday. Dec. 27. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TIMEERMAN: gcod at framing; S2 50 ■ day:
steady job. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 1-4 Geary.
MURRAtTjc READY. Phone Main 534S
Lead. - Employment and Laoor Agents.
want to-day
3$ w •'■■-. Jl 50 and fl cord
n tietnakem Be. 9c and 12c- each
5 farmhand*, different places, 120 and 115 and
found /.■...
granite block cutter slate «pUtt*r*
metal spinner 3 choreboys
MURRAY A READY. C 4 and €15 Clay st.
COOKS waiters buthers '.
5 cooks, different place*. 135, 140 and J3£> and :
fo«nd: 5 waiters, no. 125 and J2O an.l found:;
2 shop butcn.rs. country jobs; "2 bafce-a' and :
helpers. JC3 and 133 asd found. MURRAY _
READY. «34 and O Clay st. j
WANTED—Fcremaa tat mln«, }:; day: quarts
•miner. S3 10 day: farmer ana wife, S3i: har-
ness ' maker, 133 and beard; .laborer*. ITS]
•Jay, aal others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT .
_ CO.. C 3 aacrtaer.:,-! St.
EPvR.*ND boy for store; boy la learn trade; j
waiter small place. I2i>; conk, J3 week; man ,
about private place, 120. LEON ANDRE. 313 i
Stockton st. i
WANTED— ICO rcen to participate .-. the grand .
prize dances at the Mechanics' Pavilion to- ]
nJarht. Christmas eve: first prize fi>r the best I
couple, llfl caeh: second prise, 13: third prize, i
12 W. The contest will consist cf polka,
waita. schottiache: each contesting- couple
must participate in alt 2 dances: entries I
Bust be made at the Mechanics" Pavilion at I
efflc* before S p. m. A merry Uat to all.
JIEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California ' Oranye Syrup: 12!
per day and expenses; cash every week: par- ]
tlcttl«r» for 2-ceat stamp. ' CALIFORNIA ;
CHANGE SYRUP CO.. San FTt-r-ciseo. CaL ]
HELP WANVED— Continued.
WANTED— _ good . restaurant man to take S
charge of ftrst-class restaurant In connection
with a hot«l; goo«i-pftying business: French-
man preferred. Address box 607, Call office.
GOOD fcxr^r for Saturday and Sunday. Ham- !
man Sharing Parlors, li Grant aye. ; call at '
9 a. m. .
BARBER fr-'Bi Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
ISSI4 MUaion st.
_ |
GOOD barber wanted. 62S Clay st. !
BARBER tot stea- 4 - work. 21T Fourth st.
FIR.^T-CLAS3 barber .r Saturday an-! Sun-
day. 11* Fourth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 106 i
Fourth st. i
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 131 Third it.
barber -.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday.; j
steady. 625 Union st. "'-,;, : ---
BARBER wanted frcm 12 Saturday, wages $2, |
and Sunday en commission. 8073 Sixth st- i
GOOD barbjr for Saturday and Sunday. 515 I
Hayes at.
WANTED— Barber to buy good 2-rhair shep; !
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 10« Ellis st. |
FINISHER at 22 Clay St. MyFeLL- ROLLINS j
CO.. b<3okbinders. j
DISHWASHER anted at MARTIN" S, 15
Third st.
WANTED— Honest errand t«.y a: ROGER-
SON'S. 535 Vale— da st. j
RECRUITS wanted tor the United States Ma- I
rts* Corps. United States navy; abie-codied. |
unmarried men between the ages of 21 md 33 j
years, who are citizens of the United States, j
cr those who have lesraliy declared their in- |
tenticn to become such: must be of good -?har-
a.:ter and habits and able ti speak. r»ad and
writ* English and b* between 3 feet 3 inches
*.-". « l«et la height. "For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 44 EUSa *t..
San JTraas— mm CaL
WANTED— A your-g mar. with some experience
In plumbing. Address, stati.ig age. experi-
ence and wages expected, box aVT. Call office.
TO go to-day— 3i:o pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some neariy new, from 30c to It: new
shces. slightly dan:ag»-i, ** pri^?. sis 2 Mission
st.. bet. First and Second sts. Oper. Sundays.
JIOO.CCO.OM TO Icaa on bends, stock, real estate,
sooda in warehouse and in band, or on valu-
ables cf all kinds at 13 Grant aye.. near Mar-
ket St.. UNCLE HARRIS.
MINE fcre~an wanted: mart have some capi-
tal ar.d experience. Address Mine, box 713,
Call cff.ee.
1120 — PARTNER wanted in old-established sa-
loon: rood chance for steady man. Apply to
MENZEL A CO., T Grant aye.
BOYS from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 246
Sutter St.. room 14.
BARBERS" Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 Tth: tei. Jessie 1144.
WANTED — At Montana Eouse. 7344 Mission
«t. men to take rocma; 10c, lie and 23c p*r
night: !oc. 90c and Jl per week.
MEN to tarn barber trade; ea_y terms. 1543
Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkis. Reno House proprietor, still
run* Denver Hcuse, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms. 2lc per nigl.t: II to J3 per week.
MEN and w -men to lea.ni barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. '.li's Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCKS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated; 200 r__ 15c. 23c nignt.
SINGLE rcctrs. 13<-. 20c 25c per night: T3c. It
t3 12 50 per wk. Elcho House. S63H Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. rope: HERMAN" S. 2g Steuart.
WANTED— To collect wages cue laborers and
clerks. Kr..x Collection Agency. 112 Satter st.
SAILORS and ordinary te_m*n wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine. !j.Tf. sunny and airy
room. 2Sc night. Rcse-iale : use. 321 Ellis st.
TRT Ac— House. 167 Market ■_. below Sixth.
fcr a room: 25e a night: II a week.
WINCHESTER H ■•:.«■» 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket : 210 rooms. 2Sc night: reading room: fre«
'fen« a-d bagsrajre to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Good canvassers: business trade;
big cr»mmi«sior.3. Rrem 14, VA Mer.tgomery.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— SmaII flat. 5-* rooms and bath:
would like to rcoa or board owner: b»st of
r°rer°n:es. Address H. M. T-. box *m. Call.
ROOMS WAXTED.
"WANTED — Ucfurr-isfc&i room; about VJ or H
month: tr.aa. Box 714. Call office.
medical!
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
owyer, formerly of 22S Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a rare and
• if* cure for a., femaia diseases from what-
ever cauxe; ail thc«e who are sick cr discour-
aged snould call on the doctor and state their
cases before gclng elsewhere ; they will fin!
h«r ._.--. home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR GWYER. iii) Eddy *t., betweeu
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
lnstantiy fno matter what cause}; safe and
cure a: any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay: home tn con-
finement: skillful medical attention: all those
who are lick and disccurage-I consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 2CB Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davids,
tras friends of a.! Invalids, men and women;
E3 years' prateice: &a?» and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity: rt;«grac«
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home.
etc; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self- sent; call or write; free: confi-
dent . MRS- M. DA VIES. 1223 Market st ;
pills. 11; very strong, >*•
ALL of Dr. Foalet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute core for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure no danger of after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
■ %•-■ price 11 10 per box. sent free by _ _
en receipt cf pries; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS.. O Grant
aye.. S. F. A cauticn— Befar* purchasing
tlsewhere write cs.
NEW process sent for f»im!'» f>oub!e: no mat-
ter frcm what L— M and how long sta-dins:
every woman n«r own physician; safe and
*ur«: co rrtdlcin* cr in«trurr.»r:ts used; ccn-
fdtation Pee: rills and caps-j>s. II: cur* 15.
By the wrn-lmown ladies" physician for 37
y«a Call and see me fcr a »a.re cure. DR.
FOFPER. 5t3 Kearny St.
H TREATMENT that restores Jn3tantly all
cases cf monthly lrr«gu'.ariti»s frcm whatever
cause no instruments u«»-1; (naranteed cure
at cffiCe. 15; travelers helped Ir.stantlv: hours
J a. m. to 5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Ma-- «t.. bet. Mason ar.-l Taylor.
AILMENTS— Ladies In trouble see Dr». G^cd-
wtn free: re!! able, safe and surs: cure In 14
fccurs guaranteed: any complaint*: no -■■--.-
ments; maternity h<>me: best medical at-
tendance: cure. 15. Remcved from 401 D Van
Ness to 13S2A Mitt., bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONN_LL. wo rid -re new -led sp*-
ciattst: al! monthly Irregularities restored:
whatever cause: all cases relieved -date-
ly call or write: confidential. 1023^, Market.
ALL. married la-i!<H« know "Setruro," the greatest
boon ta them. RICHARDS & CO..4OSClay St.;
$1 M. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X st.. Sacrarr.er.te. Cal.
DH. and MRS. WEGENER. IT.I Golden Gate
aye. ; private hcrre In confinement, with every
ccmf.:rt; best car» ana attenlance: terms
moderate; Infants adorted tnta good homes.
ALPEAL"S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female trcu6!»s: no <iar.g»r: safe rur«: J2 M:
#xpre»set! C. O. D. : d-;r.'t delay urtll too lat«.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Ag-nts. Oakland CaL
MRS. ACHAED. midwife: pleasant sunry home
In confiaetnest. 15« Second .- : tel. Green 52.
Eellevu* Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
r,-!nfln»tr«nt. 727 B»tl#-rn» av-.. I>« Ar.sreles.
LOST.
LOST— Gordon setter dog. 1 year old: rather
thin. A reward of 110 will be paid 1' re-
turned to 201* Pacific aye. or for Information
which wilt lead to recovery.
A— TlOfl REWARD; strayed frcm my home at
Fair OaJis. Great Dane dog: 1H years old:
tiger .-narked. A. ROY HARRISON, 41 Geary.
ON" Ml«sion rt.. a silver watch, with initials
E. _ I C Return to 28 Seventh st. : reward.
SMALL purse. Third and Market «s.. Friday
evening. Please return to 4SI Third st.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen at UNCLE
HARRIS", 15 Grant ay*.. near Market St., the
sur»ty Is given that the meet sensitive lady
will receive th* kindest treatment; private
entrajsce and private rooms.
LOST— On the Dth Inst., a 'small black and
whtt» and tan fox terrier deg about <t month*
eld: black about heart and hips: small white
tip of tail. Liberal reward for returning same
to 234 San Jos? aye.. near Twenty-fifth st.
LOST— A gold heart-shaped locket, with small
diamond In center. Finder return to this
office an-1 receive suitable reward.
LOST— FJry terrier: answers in the narae of
RA«rr I"" reward. Return to 1520 V— Ness aye.
. iiPEWRITERS.
"ALjCtype writers sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap, send (cr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER _ CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, rS: Callirraph. 113; Yost. 125:
get fansple work. SCOTT. 133 Montgomery it.
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER _3, 1898.
BrSI?TESS CHANCES.
A^H«fr^AXC>ol?r^alrfished~r'vears, with 8
rooms; rent J36; close la Call building: aver-
. age daii-.- receipts l_ owner bought hotel in
Sacramento; bargain. WILKE _ UNFTG,
3C6 ILirket sc.
A— J2s.j; SALOON ob Third at.. 1 block from
Call building; club and private rocms: a bar-
gain. WILKS _ UNFUG. *'« Market st.
A— tl2'}o; DRUG store; rent $_i; across th* bay:
no of position; well paying; a splendid open-
ing for a first-class druggist. Particulars
WILKE _ UNFUG. --M Market St.
A— llJCfl; CORNER grocery and bar: established
years; doing _ood-payl_s; bus. .-.-■-- death of
owner cause of sale; • living rocms; rent J4i
WILKE _ UNFUG. SOS Market st.
A— JTOO— DELICACY and grocery store on El-
li» et. : S living rocms; rent t25: doing a good
paving business: owner to leave tor New
York. WILKE & UNFUG. Xi Market St.
A— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; first-class paying; rent :■: partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG. •-« Market.
A— J"." EXFF.ESS business: 2 horses and large
wagon; good harness; bargain: going to the
country cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN _
CO.. 777 Market st.
$i:c— WELL stocked candy store: must sell at j
once. M.-LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777 Market st.
JWO»-Partr.er wanted in saloon; established 30
years: ret?eipts over JSCO per month.
MLAT-GHLIN _ CO.. 777 Market st.
JI2J— COFFEE and chop hou«e; a "jargain. Me-
LA CGH LIN _ CO.. 777 Market st.
J32S— GROCERY; bar.
J110O— Hotel; water front: splendid bargain.
J225— Branch bakery and" coffee parlor; Ice-
— _ _
J1?C — Branch bakery and delicatfeasen.
iIZO— Saloon; worth $3:X1; ti-day.
I JONES, £63 Market st.
|__- ERT: bar.
> JUoo— Hotel; water front; splendid bargain.
I J"JT5 — Branch bakery.
JlO0 — Branch bakery and delicatessen.
Jljti — Saloon; worth J300: to-day.
JONES, SSS Market St.
| FRUiT -• re; north of and near Market
St.: receipts $IZ day: 2 rooms furnished; rent
J25: bargain on account oi departure. See
MENZEL 4 CO.. " Grant _ye.
| NOTICE— To buy or s*U y.jur business quick
j for cash see MENZEL I CO.. T Grant aye.
i J4C<;— SALOON: clears JT3 per month: bargain.
( SCi*j — Comer grocery and bar; full value.
I XM — Restaurant: receipts {35 per day.
| J2cG — Cigar stcre: Market St.; a snap.
| To buy or seU see MENZEL. 7 Grant aye.
! Jl3o— PARTNER wanted In exclustvs business;
}:: to US a week each, WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO.. 9 Gear;- st.
i I**)— PARTNER want— in light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help: business long -stab- /
UsSed and too much for one man; no expert-
I ence re-juired: trial given; Jl3 to S_ i a week
I each. Western Investment Co.. i G«ary St.
j M. V.". MOON & CO., formerly the National
Agency a: 7 Grant aye.. are now located at
lytiSH Market st- and have buyers to invest
j in any legitimate business; jartles willing to
j sell give us a call: correspondence solicited.
I A— J2C'3; STEADY man wanted In established
I office business; will pay IT", a month to each.
MOON & CO., ICOSS Market st.. opp Fifth.
I A— KREDO _ CO 22U Geary st.
R*a! Estate and Business Chances.
JSS3 — Grocery and bar; value in stock.
IT 1 *) — Grocery and bar: Third St.: snap.
JT.73O— Saloon: -.Marl receipts JTS daily.
t2*M — ?alccn: corner; near cattle market.
J3TI) — Cigar stand; clears JICO monthly.
JlT3— C'.gar stand: JlO daily.
MILK depot and dairy produce: reasonable;
cause of selling ill health. 524 Third st.
i BARBERS. Attention!— For sale; barber busi-
ness. 2 chairs, fifteen CIS) cent shep, situ-
j ated in hotel bulldir.g in a god country t.jwn;
Fortuna. Cal. Address W. J. P.. Fortuna,
Hurr.bc':dt County. Cat
1
i PARTNER with seme means by expert wine
I man. for cper.ing neat, respectable wine
! room with family trade. Box 513, Call office.
j A-SALOON: 1 block from The Call; with S
rocma: se!l cheap on acccunt of sickness.
Call at eTT'-. Mission at.
! FINE little saloon; must sell, account at leav-
[ ing city. 3C>i Mlnr.a st.
i FOR SALE— Fine cigar stand; 24 Eddy. Call
| room 614. Call building.
j FOR SALE — Restaurant: on account cf sick-
ness: splendid location. Inquire 1212H Polk
i ENERGETIC man with J5OO can clear CCfl a
month, guaranteed: this places a new and
! necessary article upon the market. Partic-
ulars, box 904, Call offtoe. Oakland.
j COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
■ W. CASWELL _ CO. '3, 415 Sacramento St.
■ PROMOTERS war. to introduce new inven-
\ ticn. Box OS, Call office.
j OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
i cheap. Inquire at 830 Sacramento, nr. -arny.
■ COFFEE, tfa and spice solicitors headquarter* ;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. u;.;M
\ b»;<» »t • - ■- ■
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
| H. C. DECKER. Mi Market «_. cpp. Fifth.
ITJ-rocm corner house SSSuO
10-roctn house; worth |_ M SflO
12 rooms: fine corner ISSO
14-rocm heese: only «08
] 21-room hcuse; rent HI 750
9-rcom house to rent: furnished
«-room Cat; rent 125 250
14 rooms; on Sutter st 4>o
82 rocms; reduced frcm JSOCO to 2510
10 rocms; on Sutter st 250
Zi-r- house: new house and furniture. g3O
I rocms; new furniture; cost ' '■:. »)
d rooms; on Market st. : rent $40 450
_>ioo_i house: only - 153
21 rooms; corner: clears $15*3 5&)
44-room house: corner ISIO
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market «t.
A— KREDO _ CO 22-» Geary it.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
3 rooms; nice house: clears J35 J323
10 rooms; bay-window comer: transient... 500
14 rccms: all bay windows: a snap M
23 rooms: Fifth st : clears " . «M
And others. C—o a— i get Hat KREDO.
$l=«v- Lodging house: 40 rooms, bargain: part
cash If desired. M'LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777
Market st.
NOTICE — Ti biT cr sell a lodging-house fjulci
for cash m MENZEL _ CO.. 7 Grant aye.
LADIES. If you need money call en UNCLE
KARRIS. 1Z Grant aye.. r.»a.r Market st.
DENTISTS.
! A METAL plate for the same pries as rub-
ber; fall «et of teeth. tS: croons. J3; fill-
lccs. -Cc; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee fcr ten years given oa all
wcrk; no students employed: extracting tree
when plates are crdered; consultation free.
: Modern Dental Farlors. corner Market and
! Mason sts. Entrance i Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. |3: see new flexible
plates; lisrht and thia: guaranteed 10 years:
i teeth without pfafes. crnwn and brldsre work
! our specialty; fiilings. Me: erowrss, J3 50; all
wcrk painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
| tat Parlors. 14 Sixth St.; telephone Jess 1122.
| DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. *) CFarrell St.. ex-
I tracts or fills teeth painlessly by bis wonder-
ful secret method; crowns '- bridges 14: rab-
ter or flexible plates J3: received I first prises:
co students; guarastea 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental P&rlorsl full set
of teeth. IS up fillings. 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
»97 Market st. corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth. M: fillings, Be: 22k. gold
crowns. 33: gold fcridg*. IE; plates repaired.
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. W3 Mission st.
DR. LI'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work __ fillings a
specialty; at] work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny: set of teeth.
14; filling, gold. We: stiver. 23c; crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 Bth— Crown and
bridge work specialists: crowns $3; est- 15 yrs.
} SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
TOUNO, «41 Polk st.
ALL wcrk r*»«cna.bl« and warranted PR. J.
W. KEY, 1220 Market st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
[ ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. sso Market, cor. Stccktn.
j NO fee unless successful. W. P. ADAMS, rtn..
W7, Emma Spr»ckels bid*.. S2T Market st.
ADVICE free: divorce law*; private. J. B.
EVANS, li McAlli3ter. next •*rnta Bank.
! ADVICE fr»e; no charge anless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 527 Market st
i ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
i free advice : open »vgs. Atty McCabe. 102 Larkin.
_. 8. CLARK— Emma -|>l«_a-_ UUlg.. 527 Mar-
ket: cccsuttatica free: no fees Is advance.
C'.RPEI CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Worts — Cleans,
moves, lays carpet*. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
; — I and « Eighth st : telephone South 23).
j WHEN you become dlstgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'3 Pioneer Carpet-
j beating Works. ZZZ-Z7 Teharna St.: teL S. ■'«.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Ic.
Ij STRATTOVS. 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Cayet-cleanlEg Co.. ;« 14ta
St.; cleaning 3c per rard; tel. Mission 74.
I CONKLTVS Carpet-beating Works. S3 Golden
Gate aye. : teL East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. .01 Gutter St.;
: tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM. TVocrietor.
STORAGE. .
j PIERCE-RODOLPH Storags and Movt__ Co.
Office 401 Post st. ccr. Powell; teL Mala TCI
PERSONALS.
I R. PARKER— Am in San Jose. CaL:
write or come. LILL, I. O. O. F.. room 24.
WANTED— To know the whereabouts of MAG- .
GIE • and ANNIE K_NDERGE_. Addres- ■
JOHN KINDERGEN. 12 Oak Grave aye.
THE Gastronome Restaurant, formerly the '
Poodle Dcs, will remain open, at the same i
place as before, the kitchen being under th«
direction cf one of the best chefs In the city.
A. GAUD ARD. Prop., cor. Bush and Grant, i
L- JOSEPH LENOIR, have disposed of all in- S
• terest In the Pup Restaurant and will not be
responsible for any bills contracted for after
, December 21. IS3B. ' "
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; TxS inches. 10c; I x_t, lie. Hz.'.-*,,
2Qc: 14x17. 25c; Wx2o. 30c; 15x22, 33c; 2_c24. 45c;
22x25, 80c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 15c; room- molding, all i
colors, _: per foot; colored pictures, studies.
etc.. 3 for l')c. JONES, 547 Mission st. b«t.
First and Second. Open evenings.
HOW many times do you have to get up every
night on account of weakness of urinary or-
gans? Send name and address and I will
send you trial bottle of sure and safe remedy '
free of expense. W. J. HARI__N, box ■__.
Call office.
LEDERER. the hairdresser, has but one price,
25c; _U styles; LEDERER'S FO.VMO. scpa.:_-
1 age; use no other: switches, II up; open Sun-
! days and holidays. 3to 12. 123 Stockton st
: LEDERER'S Q__o__ is the one tonic that !
helps hair that _ thin or falling out: 35c bot-
Oe; try It. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
> JOSEPH GREVEN, Instructor or many now
' celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being Impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly ■■_ ensemble and sinsle treatment; only
these enlisting before Christmas accepted. !
Res. 121-122 Murphy bi'ig.. Jones and Market- ;
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
Cheat price; postal. H. Fabian. 1030 Folsocn.
STAMP Album.*, best Christmas present: stamps
bought. W. Selischcpp — Co.. Hi Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st. near Market: 200 rooms;
■c to JISO per night: SI 50 to J8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fro— i the ferry.
; CHRISTMAS Sale — Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kind* to order: wholes—Je and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. _ Sutter.
i SUITS to order on installments at each prices;
It week, ~ Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
■ HOME tn confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. MM '•"■ St., _l—
SUITS to Tie- o*l easy Installments. L.
LEV"! S 1117 '■■--=• «• b*t. ''- and _.
DRESSMAKERS.
SA^'fRANCISCO" Ladies' French. Tailoring
College. SIS Market; men and women teachers.
| LATEST style dresses made, 15 to M. dresses
trade over. ' Eddy at., rooms 14 and 13.
MUSICAL LVSTRI'MESTS.
AT*t: . .-."TH ENSTATJ.M-NTg AND
: UPWARD.
S3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
He— upright $235 00
Steinway upright 137 30
Chlckering upright 233 CO
Sohmer upright US CO
Lea be upright 275 CO
And over 20 bargains from 140 up: buy direct
; of manufacturer and save 150 on each piano.
Oface of
■ HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. T. M. C. A. building.
• AS we are selling good upright ptaaos for St
cash and ft per month, we i— you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
• same as if purchased for all cash; bargain-
In good second-hand upright- upon same easy
! payments and some good planes for 13, H— i
IB per month. SHERMAN. CLAY * CO..
! Steinway dealers, corner Keamy and 3atter
I sts., San Franeisoo, and Thirteenth and
i Broadway. Oak'.^nd. '
j A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet _ Davis piano
will be sold at once to _-■ offer. Room 12.
Flood building.
A FINE List of Bar__iEs in Gocd Uprights
Thia Week Only:
Weber $ £0
Steinway —0
Fisher (Sacrificed)
Hemm* & Long, and others very cheap.
Open evenings until 8:30.
GARDNER & OLASSELL, M Post st
I ABSOLUTELY th» oldest __ largest house
j west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
< W. 2S and 30 O'F»rr»ll St.: pianos, organs and
1 all ether musical Instruments of all grades
i and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
; thir.g possible doae ta please and satisfy the
! customer.
[ A FEW Barealns Until Christmas Only:
Sterling pla_o; rcsewcod case SIW
i Rcyal piano: oak ca.3" 137
Miller piano, rosewood case 138
1 $6 p»r menth: guaranteed 5 years.
BSN.J. CURTAZ & SON. [« O'Farren st.
! A STEINWAY. HIS; Steck. J150; Estey. $_5.
Fischer. J2SO; Weber. $200: easy payments;
pianos rented SI £0 up: -■-* allowed on pur-
ch-sc BEcena'a Pi_oe Hocu. 204 Post -•_-«..
THE best bartrains In the city can be found
at MAUVAIS'. 733 Market st. Call and see
the stock in their elegant new rooms.
MAGNIFICENT Chickertng; only short time
from factory: forced to sacrifice at once;
make offer. Room D Flood building.
I WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st, agent
I for celebrated piancs of Francis Bacon at New
Ycrk and Hall-t * Davis Gol, Boston.
i AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. IST3 Market St.
A FISCHER piano for $45. in Kood condition;
party leaving the city. ' M Tennessee st.
SOHMER pianos are the best. BYRON
! MAUZT. Sole Agent, XV Post st.
! 1133— ELEGANT upright, coat $425. for sale on
; 15 tnstaUmenta, 1115 Pest st.
POST. 313 — Fot sale: first-class upright piano;
standard make.
i A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $80. 224
j Pest st.
J A FINE Stein way and new Chickering upright
I sacrificed. KEEFFE'S. 1013 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Steinway; great bargain. SCHMITZ.
14 McAllister St.. next HTbentia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, th« Byron
Mauzy. 328 Pest st.
HAINES Bros.' and other flrst-ciass pianos at
reduced price*. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright riano cheap: brilliant,
powerful urae. HORNUNG. •■-- McAllister.
EN ABE - inos -•— scale; new styles. KOH-
LER _ CHASE. 33 CFarrell st.
| STPKRIOR violins, sithers. -;•■? and new. H.
>H*LT..HH. tc-tt. rgpafrr. I Latham place.
HORSES.
« HORSES of ever description at Emporium
Ealesyards. 220 Valencia St.. bet. Thirteenth
a- ! Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.. at your own price.
« HORSES for Mle; also wagons, bagtr I .**.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hors» Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth: aactkra sales every Wednes-
<»-■ c--rr.- vv A DOTLF!. >■■ -»;,-■„„.— |
WAGONS ____» CARRIAGES.
j EXPRESS wagon and two horses for sale.
N. W. cor." Predta aye. and Alabama st.
1 S4(V— 2-TON coal wagon: a bargain. KLEI3ER
A CO.. 13f!4 Folsora rt. «
FOR SALE— MISCELL.-NEOIS.
BOILERS engines, id-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 136-_tT Fremont st
A PAIR Lamaire pearl opera glasses and
holders: a pretty present for the holidays, for
i M; coat originally $24. VBKXM HARRIS, IS
■ Grant are.
! FOR SALE— Good paying butcher shop: cash.
business : all appll— nces for smoking and
curing: ~-"9.p. Box 24. Call Branch office.
1 FOR Sale DTrelllng house: cheap; 435 Bryant
St.: must be removed immediately. Apply
room 38. seventh Boot, Mil's building. •
WHITE Scotch fantatl plreons, $2 50 pair: rlng-
doves, SI pair. : 29 San Antonio ay., A!ameda .
: GASOLINE engine. 2 and 4 horse-power; cheap.
Box 620. Call office.
' TOOL? A machinery, every description, bought;
sold _ exchanged; send postal «43 Mi*3loa.
i BAP.. , back bar*, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
cirur* and fixtures: new and second hand J.
>:OONAN. 1017-1013-1621-1023 Mission st.
: above Sixth. - -
SECOND-HAND engine*, boilers, -amps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE. 514 Mission st
SAFES— Hermann Sate Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento et. "
j J. P. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
i building material. 1124 Mission; teL South 717.
! SAFES Bargains In new and second-hand: all
■ sixes; ___ original cost. 129-111 Market. 3. F.
BT— I horsepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cat. Belt Co.. 513 Mission: teL Br. 331.
ONE and I bowl barber washstands. cheap.
KTTfSCHMrDT. <23 Men Gate aye. . ...■
__________________ __
s_:iiT>G~iuLCHi>Es.
S3 MONTHLY, rented repaired, tight sold;
n_ch_e supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
! ALL __ bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 2SS Fourth st. -. r
FIRNITIRI FOR SALE.
: DOLORES, 3- room, cottage; cheap; call
evenings: furniture for sale.
PHTSICIAJfS. - ~~
! REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. CDoaaelL office
i and residence, 1021 _& Market, bet. «ta and It— .
HOUSES TO LET.
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FILLMORE, 1723— Seven handsomely, modern-
papered sunny rooms ; large yard and bas-rr. t.
$3-OR $30,0C<) to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS*. 13 Grant aye..
near Market st.
MODERN residence. 3415 Jackson st-: grand
vie—: 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
ft iaT.'RKE. 628 Market st.
PERRY. 212V- Bay-window house. 4 *r)onn;
rent $12 50: water free. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN ft CO., Incorporated. «
WE can rent you a house with or -without a
ttaspole. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 10 Mant-
gomery ft.
13- ROOM house for rent; sunny: modern; yard;
barn; rent $25. 352.' Nineteenth st. ■
12- ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 23 Oak
•t.. near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
pa— 4 ROOMS and bath (new): Sutra Heights:
grand marina view; near 2 car lines. 113
Forty-fifth ay».
COTTAGES TO LET.
403 LAUREL St.— Modern cottage. 6 rooms and
bath: rent reasonable. Apply MADISON 4
BURKE, 628 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
$LCOQ,OCO TO loan on diamonds, watches and ,
Jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.,
near Market at.
CASTRO. 541,- near 13th— $17 50: « rooms and
porcelain bath: sunny upper fiat.
FINE sunny flat. 4 rooms; near Mechanics'
Pavilion. s2 Ivy aye. V
MODERN lower fiat. « rxims ar.d bath; large
basement: rent reasonable; 3316 Sacramento
st. MADISON & BURKE. — -
WE can rent you a Cat with or wiOiout a .
fiagpcle. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 13 Maat-
gomery st. I
2 FLATS. 4 rooms and bath; 5078 Birch aye.,
above Octavia st.; rent $10 and ill.
$l 3 50— 2S7A SHIPLEY St.. near Sixth— Flat; 5
rooms and bath.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. j
ALVA, May, Laura and all rooBC and beauti-
ful ladies are notified that th« highest amount
is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.. near
Market at. ■ '
BELGRAVIA. 1715 Polk— Elegant rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; en. suite or single. '
ELEVENTH. 120—3 front rooms fcr house-
keeping en suite er single; no children.
ELLIS, 633, corner Larkin— Bay window al-
cove with mantel, kitchen: --- stove; $13.
FOLSOM. 632— Sunny furnished rooms foe
housekeeping; also single; private family.
GROVE. 202. corner Tan Ness aye. — Suite of i
sunny unfurnished rooms, with gas rang*.
GUY |<a<u. 12. off First, just above Folsom—
$18; 6 rooms and bath; lower part of house.
KEARNY, near Sutt»r— Three unfurnished
front rooma for offices or housekeeping; «aj
free: cheap rent. Apply '■'' Grant ay».
MARKET. — Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; call after I p. m.
MISSION, 86S — 3 convenient connecting house-
keeping rooms; also single: sunny.
O'FAE.RELL. 30, near Van Ncsa— Nice front
room and large kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; gas, gas stove; $13 month. [
SIXTH, 420— Housekeeping rooms; also- elegant
parlor suite; running water, bath, closets.
TEHAMA. «. near Second— (i. lower part of
house: first rate order.
THIRD, 303— Rma.. double or single; furnished
complete hottsekpg; sonny side; front; rentlow.
ELEVENTH. 10«— Branch office at Th« CaiL
Subscriptions and ada takan.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearay Pleasant
tunny rooms: en suite or t:ngl«; frat-cms
in every respect; terms reasonable,
BRUNSWICK— I43 Sixth St.. corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 * night;
$1 25 to $5 week; opea all nlsrht; Howard-it.
cars paas house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON. 120»S Market, ear. Golden Gate—
Niceiy furnished roona and offices.
DELAWARE. l-*33 Furnished or Tia-
■ .-- shed single and doubl* rms. ; $3. TV an.
1 PRIVATE rocm far gents and two for ladlea.
where those who wish to borrow money en
watches and Jewelry are waited on. at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye., nr. Market at.
EDDY, llS Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $S per month upward.
EDDY. Large front room on first floor, $12;
1 small sunny room. $S.
ELLIS. 41S (Grand- Carnot) — Nice saucy suites
ft sing..- $1 M. t« wk. : Kc. $1 day; tot. 81. 1384.
: GEARY. 14A — Sunny front bay-window suite:
other rooms; $6 to $13 p«r month.
' GEARY. 425, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished.
' en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath..
■ GEARY. 558— Elegant sunny suites, ' privilege
i light housekeeping; gas. range; other rooms;
reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 433— Nicely furnished
front room; gas; bath; etc
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission Pleasant sunny rooms ; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
: GROVE, 417H— 2 unfurnished rooms to let.
Hancock H-uae. TV! Misaliai nilur family
rooming house; tl ;0 :• 5i - er week.
HASKELL. The, 121 P-weil— New management;
cheap, neat. light, sunny rocms; transient.
■ MECHANICS' HOUSE. 43« Fifth— Everything
, new; rms., f ingle or suite, tl wk. up; tnas-
| ctent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bra.
; C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch. prop.
MISSION. 333 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
> nlshed rooms; transient; new house; central.
CFARRELL. 29— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PIEDMONT House, USA fith— Nicely furnished
I tunny front rooma; double, single; first class.
PINE, 51 4 A. near Keamy — Nicely fuml3hed
sunny room 3; single or en suite; moderate.
POWELL, SQ3. near — Furnished i
room for one or two; private family.
SEVENTH. New house, newly furnlsh-d;
modern, sunny, single cr suite; ii to 120 mo. |
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant aye., near Market st.
SHERMAN Apartment House. M Eighth «t..
near Market— Furnished and urfurniahed.
STOCKTON, 242 — Sunny front rooms; suite*,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
STOCKTON". Newly furnished suite: also
single rocms; bath, telephone; reasonable;
central.
TAVl'^f. Jit— Nicely furnished .-.at roc-cos ;
en suita ".r i -"'■*. bath. gas.
TURK. 12S — Slngl* furnished rooms for man
and wife: also- single room for gent-
ELEVENTH. If*— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken-
ROOMS A.YD BOARD.
FELL, 28 — 1 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST. Swedish private boarding, -with
room. $4 a week up: elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with boar i for 2. $30 a month up.
HOWARD, 2*36— Large sunny room, grate,
large closet, wit -. board for I. $33.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— sunny front ai-
j ccve rocm-
' PIANOS and trunks «torel and money loaned
en them at UNCLE HARRIS*. 15 Grant ays..
near Market st.
CFARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms : ex-
cellent board: special rates for 2 or more.
EUTTER. 112S — Elegant rocm and board ; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 513— Sunny furnished suites
and ----- — « first-class table board.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 527 Market St.—
Light." heat, 'anitnr a.- I telephone: rents $12 Zd
to $20. ASHTON ft GARDNER, room 210.
ED IC A T I O S AL.^
HEALD*3 Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; rob*
veylng. assaying, etc. 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1533; catalogue.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand. »yp£ng. book-
keeping, telegraphy. pe^rr-aaship, English
tranches, etc. ; life scholarship, *-0; law rates
tier week and month. -
LADY trachea piano and mandolin thoroughly:
EC* an hour: excellent pianist and accsispanlst
! for entertainments and vocalists. 12C9 Octavia.
1 ENGINEERING School, dvil. electrical, min-
ing, rnech. survey, assay, archlt.; day ft ere.:
est. . ISS4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Mark a.
: ELOCUTION ft oratory: F. c. QaMvraß: 15 yrs"
experience. Emma. Spreekels ' Idg. 527 Market.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet. . mando-
; lin, -tc. THE MISSE3 LANE. 3341 24th st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business CaUege. 123* Mar-
ket st. ; 400 positions secured In last 2 y»ars.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation. : practically
taught; short time. Tarr. £72 Parrott bids. |
s pnuTir axism.
ATTEXTION! '■ ', : ."""""" "
: MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, a
The celebrated medium and clairvoyant of alt '
clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all and '
instantly gives you peace and happiness. She
never asks a question, but before you utter a
»■ r i she tells you la full of all that you ar;
Interested In; business, speculation, love, i
marriage, divorce, tells of friends and ene-
mies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
air diseases oa earth, consumption, paralysts.
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart aad ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures whica
! she has made are the talk, of the whole slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and ccns-altaticn by mail alwayj
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call. MRS. DR. A. D HOWE,
1154 Market St.. S. F., The Vendorae.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychometrfst. box 113, Oakland, Cal..
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
from lock at hair; 3 2-cent stamps; rock from
mines read. J2 50; life "readings by mail. $2 30;
send for testhnoalala.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated tranc«
test medium, life reader, medical elairvayant.
cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when ethers fall: sitting* II 232. Stockton st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card mdet
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1130 Mis-
sion st- , - 1 -
JIW.GCG TO loan or. safes and articles of every
| description at UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant
a\-e., near Market st-
MRS. KATE HOSKINS. trance medium: read-
i ings dally. |1. 322 S. Spring St.. Los Angeles.
j MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Taes.-Fri.. 2 p. m. ;
11 8., ■ : Ssc; sittings Jl. 233 Valencia at.
BUSINESS medium and palmist: readings 25c
- this week: satisfaction guaranteed. 23-*H *th.
CLAJR\ UVASTS.
; A— MBS. DR. F. CLARK.
Permanently Located in San Francisco,
At 15235 i Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid aad advice which
; will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, —ais marriaga
with the one you love no failure, reraovs Influ-
e nce, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases: will give cor-
, rect inlorr cation on law suits, sickness, death.
. divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by— all.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023^ Market st.
:
: BLANCHE de Caapelle. card reading. 417
Bush st.. rooms 9 and 10.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present aad future: 25c Hi 6th, rrri. 19.
: CLAIRVOYANT card reader: i:c; ladles only.
543 Natoma. St., bet. sth and 7th-
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. UM Mission, nr. Sth.
MilE. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 23c up. IS Fourth ■'-. near Mission.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first la her pro-
fession. has removed to 21S Stockton st.
'■ MME. RAVEN A r°ads life fluently: business
advice: names giv-n; 2Sc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBTT.T.._. cradle' to grave: future hus-
band' a picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'FarreU st.
■ MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-kacwn fortune
teller, h— a opened — i ofßea at 315 ' I --"I! St.
.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow oa their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 13 Grant aye.. near Market st.
; WANTED— To buy cottage In Richmond. Ad-
i dress A. 8., branch of nee Call, ili La rkta.
i HOUSES built for $150 a room and up: repair
done: will calL GEORGE M. SALSBURY,
' builder. 521 X at, Sunset District.
: NEBRASKA st., near Nineteenth and
Lick School: 25x100; $50 cash, balance 13 per
month: corner ioiXX Inquire 132"j H.iyes st.
COUXTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Ojuntry home of F. S. Wensin-
ger; «2S acres, with profitable dairy. Apply
to owner on premises. Freestone. Sonoma. Co.
BARGAINS'— 20-acrs- tracts; Hn*L -oh val-
ley land: within 25 miles of Oakland; price
i way down. Box 731. Call office. • ■
CHEAPEST aad best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
; States, ----- for II 50 a year. •
MONEY TO LOAJf.
I .-.n.,.- nn _. ._.__ r _. j n-j-^
; LOANS on furniture or ptanos in 3. F.. Oak-
land or AlaaMda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. Kit •_• Ml Mission it., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
taia liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people; ao security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 10O3H Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 2.
OX furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $35 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
i ANY amount at i*» per cent on real estate, !d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rta. I. 1
. DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
] lowest Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant ay.
; 15000 IN sums to suit; reliable parties. 120 Ellis
st., room 4, until Jan. 1.
j BORROW from th» CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICS. 22 Mason it-, cpp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. lIS McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests la
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 835 Market st-
\ J5O TO $30, COO; lowest rates; Ist and li mcrtg.;
any proposition. 1 - lex 413 Montgomery st.
FIXAXCIAL.
C.500 WANTED— year, on good indorsed or
joint note: will pay good interest. Box
471..Ca!i office. . -..
NOTES discounted ; loans negotiated. ' SYL-
VAIN SALOMON. v - '■■- -: " --.- ----
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S3SS CASH; small monthly Installment! as rent
till paid for: a new. cozy cottage. 3 la—
rooui3; quite a little ranch; 8 fine lets; all
picket fenced: chicken houses and outhouses:
city water and fine well of spring water;
flowers and nice garden: a self-sus -
home; price $140}; 3 electric car lines and flue
echool house near by; Allendal<* settlement.
East Oakland; climate and sell th* best: grand
i view; no fegs nor cold winds here: 48 families
now own their homes; all within 2 years.
! Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St.. cor-
ner Broadway. Oakland; carriag* free. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
I 30 MINUTES from San Francisco: 3 minutes
from station; m attractive neighborhood:
new residence. 1 rooms: strictly modern;
; thoroughly constructed and finely finished; lot
42x125; small payment and monthly Install-
ments eaa be arranied. HERON _ HOL-
COMB, 10SO Broadway.
I 2 NEW elegant Cats, furnished, -good loca-
i tion: fine for young married couple. Apply
I E. E. BUNCE. '■>'■* Broadway.
OAK— FOMITIBE FOR SA— E.
FURNITURE— »nd cae»n H. - HF.Lt-
B AA~ «H tr~> IX* -v-»..w — a-, st—
; ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
,
AX AM— IDA REAL ; ESTATE.
; FOR SALE— 6O cents en the collar; one 5. one
6 and on« 7 room cottage ; also for investment,
two 2-etory cottages; pay.net 10 per cent;
best location, Apply to A. R. DENKE SR..
■Webater-st. station, narrow-gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own Trices and
en your own terms: call and »*• plans. J. H.
YOUNG, Bqilder 1243 Park «t-
BE RK_.__ Y REAL . ESTATE.
11730— HOUSE of 5 rooms; large lot; street
work all done; electric cars p&as the doors: a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
, Estate. Berkeley. ■ ■■- .■■ » • ■
; 15500— A FIRST-CLASS investment: honse of 13
rooms; rear the university ; thoroughly wen
built; all the latest - ta ipravementf ; street
work all done; leased for J&) net > monthly.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley. ____________________
FOR SALE— Fine place in Eta center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home ;
■ix acres, house, tarn, outhouses, windmill
*ad all Improvements: price J7OOO. .^
D. J. TOBIN. Real Estate Agent.
. . - 2121 Stanford place.
; PLEASANT BOOM of 7 roc— en ■ improved
strwet. for only JE3C. O. G. MAY &■ CO..
2123 Center. »_
___^_ YUKON MAII^
RELIABLE party returning to Yukon. via
Skaguay and Bennett over the ice with do«
teams, will leave Saa Fraaclaco January 19.
1839, for Dawion. Circle City and by sta- -
ticns m the Yukon River, as far as Ram-
part City: will receive and carry letters sent
in Government »ta— ip«d envctoacsi at fl per
letter; letters over 2 ounces will be charged
extra; all must be statr. ped according ta
weight; letters for Atlin City will be for-
warded from Bennett. Call or address letters
with fee Inclosed.
X I B-— Letters received will be answered
by postal., which ferms a r-ceipt, signed by
the carrier, if so desired. Address C. G.
JOHNSTONE, 331 Kearny st_ San Francisco,
Cal. -■ ..■■.■■. . ■
A WEEK'S news for I cents— The Weekly
Call.' la wrapper, for tnai llsg.-
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ~
Kr licenses have been issued as follow?:
Max Bestandi? and Sophie Jacobs 30-22
H. S. Mathewsoa and Helen W. Montn.gue.3l-21
Ensele P. Dupuy and Jeanne M. Verges 25-3)
Allen B. Chamfcerlia and Rose Mespeit 2S-22
Jchn Ram*ey and Josie Durham..... 26-»
BIRTHS— MAEBIABES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publicatloa offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published-
BORN.
HETER— In Oakland. December IS. 1338. la th«
wife of William Heyer, a son.
TILTON— this city, December 23, 132«. to
the wife of George A. Tilton. a son.
WITT— this city. December _, IS2S. to the
wife cf Clans H. Witt, a son.
KAItBIED.
SAU_S— PEEK— In this c.ty. December- 55,
IS3S, by the Rer. Frederic C. Lee. Georg*
Saver aad Cora Peek. botS at Reno. Nev.
DIED.
Anderson. Anna Marvin. Marjorie
Bartholomew. W. A. Mlnto, Hattie O.
Cane. John C. Moreati. August
Damn. Margarette Ring Mary J.
Hayward. Mrs. R. Schafer. Heary
Helneman. Mlnaa Urvalek, Adoiphas -
Jahas. Joha H. Walsh. Malaakia 8.
Kelleher. Lcretto A. Weil, Solomoa
TTI —I Frank H. Weir, Thomas
McDonald. Jane Witt. Henry
MaJioney. Mary Young. Clarence L.
ANDERSON— Ia this city, December 22. IS3B. .
Anna, reilct of the late James Anderson, and
beloved mother of Mrs. T. C. Kennedy of
Chicago, 111.. Mrs. George T. Klink and Stsw-
art M. aad J. McC. Anderson, a native of
Glasgow. Scotland.
ETFuneral services will be held this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the lite resi-
dence, 1321 Buchanan street. Interment pri-
vate.
BARTHOLOMEW— In this city. William AIII-
san. beloved son of A«sa V. and Minna Bar-
' tholomew, and brother of Lauriae, Gladys
and Hiram Bartholomew, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 3 months. j -*.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -.he funeral this day
Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the home of
his parent?. 323 Day street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
CANE— In this city. December 21. ON, Joha
C. beloved husband of Clare M*sgill Cane.
father of Bessie Caae. son of John and th«
late Elizabeth Cane, and brother of William
and Joseph Cane, a native of Saa Fraacisco.
aged 25 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mo-row
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, fro— his late resi-
dence. 1325 Steiner street. Interment L O. O.
: F. Cemetery. • ■ tittu?: ■
DARKIX— In Oakland. December 22. M Mar-
: garette Estella. beloved wife at S. K. Dar-
I rin. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. Schumann.
i si3ter of Mrs. W. J. Sharp and Annie and
••Bridie" Schumann, and granddaughter of Mr.
and Mrs. 3. L. Kill, a native of CaUfornia.
aged 21 years « months and 4 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ta attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:13 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1226 Bast Twenty-second street. East
Oakland, thence to St. Anthony's Church,
East Fifteenth street, corner Sixteenth ave-
nue, where services will be held at 2 o doc*.
Interment St.- Mary's Cemetery.
HAYWARD— Ia this city, December 19, ISM.
Mrs. Richard Hayward. mother of Joe Hay-
ward and M— . Stass. a native of Irsland.
aged 53 years aad 6 month*.
G_~The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday"), at 10 o'clock.- from St- Brijrid's
Church. Van Ness avenue and Broadway.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEINEMAN— In this city, December 23. MM.
Minna. Helneman. beloved mother cf Harry
M. Heineman and Helena SslapSa. of Paoenlx-
ville. Pa., a native of Hinover, aged 84 years
and S months.
[7 Friends and acquaintances IT* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-— lotto—
(Sunday*, at 10:23 o'clock, from the residence,
1513 Bush stre-t. Intereient Home of Pem.ce
Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock trara from Third
: and Townsend street, — —
JAHNS— In AJanieda. December 23. 1S&, John
H., beloved husband of E— lilie Jahns. a na-
tive of Osnabruck, Germany, aged 43 years
' 9 months and 14 days.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ta attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 3:13 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel at Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
San Franci«cr>.
KEIXEHER— Ia this cfty. December 22. I~S.
Loretro A., beloved daughter of Jofcn and
Johanna. Kelleher. aad sister of Katie. J^rry,
j Mary R.. Lizzie ard Theresa Keneher. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months
; and 8 days.
KRUSE— In this city. December 22. ISOS, Frank
H. . dearly beloved husband of Maria. Kruse.
! and father cf George and "--•! Krt_e. Mrs. S.
E. Cnlverwell. Frank. Kruse. Mrs. I. S. Pres-
ton and Lena Kruse. a native of Germany.
aged -12 rears 6 months and 4 days. A member
of Verein Eintracht.
B_~The funeral will take nlace this day
(Saturday!, at 10 o'clock, from his late res;-
denci*. 407 Forty-second avenue, near Point
Lobes. Inter— ent strictly private- Pleas*
' omit flowers.
M^nONALD— In this city. December 22, 133.1.
Jane, relict cf James McDonald, and beloved
mother of Jans es and Joseph McDonald. Mrs.
Charles Sweeney. Mrs. Gus Cchrimpf and the
late Mrs- At Schwartz, native of London-
derry. Ireland, aged 80 jears. (Philadelphia.
Pa., papers please copy.)
CTFriends tod acquaintances ire resp-ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 287 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
win be celebrated for the -— ose of her souK
■ commencing at 9 o'clock- Interment Mount
Calvary ' -—-:-»- ;
MAHONEY— Ia this city, December 22. 1398.
Mary, beloved wife of the late Timothy Ma-
i bone'- and mother of Mary E-. Margaret T.
and Joha F. Mahoney, a native of Bandon,
j County Cork. Ireland, aged M years.
IC^Friends and acquaintanc— i are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 5:30 o'clock, fro— i the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where «er»- ■
ices will be held for the repose of her soal.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MARVIN— In Seattle, December 1«. IS3B. Mar-
ici* beloved wife of C E. Marvin, mother
of Marjorle Marrta. daughter of i May and
the late Colin Mclntosh. and sister of Coitn
and J. F. Mclatosh and Mrs. A. W. Suther-
land, a native of Australia.
ry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fuaeral to-morrow
- -lay) at 1:30 o'clock, fram the . rest-
' dence of her mother. 9U'~» Treat avenue, near
T— -snty-secend street. Interment I O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MTNTO— In this city. December 23. 1338. Hattt*
■ O beloved wife of William E. M'.nto. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 19 years and <
! months.
' MOREAU— Ia the City and County Hospital.
December 23, . ISM. August Moreau. a native
of France, aged *8 years.
: RIXG— In this city, December 23. 1338, Mary
| Josephine, dearly beloved daughter of John
a- 1 Anale Rlnr. and sister of Alblna F .
Matthew and Gerald Ring, a native of San
Francisco, aged a years and S _onti_ ■ •- *
SCHAFER —In GUroy. December 23. MM,
H°ary. beloved husband cf Mary Schafer. *
| and father of D. H. Schafer, Dr.* A. F." Seha-
f*r and Mrs. R. M. Ryan, a native of Oer-
_aay. , ■ " •- '
Interment to-morraw (Sunday), at Saa
! Jose. . . ■
URVA.LEK— Ia the City and Cera aty Hospital.
December 23. ISM. Adolphus Urvalek. a na-
I tive of Bohemia, aged 31 years.
; WALSH- Hi this city, December 22. I*3B, Ma!-
! askia 3.. relict of Henry J. Walsh, » native of
Georgia, agsd. 54 years and I months.
■ E_r Thf* funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the parlors
I of the Henry J. Gallagher Co— ipaay. 20 Fifth
street, thence to St Mary's Cathedral, whera
a re<iuie— i high mass will be celebrated for
the rercse of her souL commencing at *
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery," by
10:40 clock train front Third and Townaead
Btreets.
< WEIL— I". Moiesto. Deconiiw— _, I«MJ Sot<i-
r- — beloved sen of Bernard and Fanale
' Weil, aad brother of Charles. Bertha, Jake.
! Julius and Mabel Weil, a native of Chicago.
i ' aged 23 years 11 month and 1 day.
S_rFrf<?nd3 and acquaintances are respect--
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sun— ty). at ■ o'clock, from the residence of
I J. Well. 151* Piae street- later— eat Home of
' Peice Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train. f rota
Third aad To— asend streets.
: WEIR— Ia the CM and County Hospital. De-
! cember 23. iSM.'.Tnomaa Weir, a native of
Ireland, aged «6 years.
WITT— In this city. December 23, IS3B. Henry.
■ dearly beloved sea of dans H. and Aagusta
P. C. Witt, and fcrwther cf Aaaie A. H. Witt,
I a native of Saa Fraacisco. aged 4 days.
' YOCNG— In. this city. December S3. 1333, ' Cla-
rence Leo. yuan? • - and beloved soa of Gea— — s
W ■r.i Annie Your:?. and brother of Gene-
rieve aad Georje Young, a native of San
F— tnclgco. aged 4 months and 14 days.;,: ,-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan ,* , CaHagaerj, - ;
TVS J— — lL DIRECTORS AND _MBAl_~~_k
JO Fifth St.. c=cc*;:» LiaooJu acaoai.
. Telesbcce South Si
1112
LEES KNOWS NOW
THAT THE TOWN
IS "WIDE OPEN"
The Chief Fearful of
Investigation.
AROUSED BY CALL EXPOSE
COMMISSIONERS SURPRISED TO
HEAR OF POLICE IGNORANCE.
Messrs. Alvord and Gunst Intimate
That They Will Inquire Into
the Gambling and Fix
Responsibility.
CHIEF OF POLICE LEES knows now
that faro, roulette and craps flourish
right here In San Francisco, and ho
Is not grateful for the knowledge.
The expose in The Call yesterday morn
ing of the faro and roulette games in the
Palace Hotel, almost directly over the
spot where the antiquated Chief nightly
pits and dreams of his forty years' serv
ice In the department, and the crap
games that flourish on Market street
without a show of police interference,
gave the old man a severe shock. How
ever, in view of the open assertions of
Joe Harvey's touts that the game was
under police protection, there are many
who believe that the shock was merely
an outward manifestation conjured for
effect, or, if it was genuine, it was due
to the exposure of his own complicity.
Later in the day the Chief regained his
composure In a measure, and, according
to on evening paper, made light of the
affair, being credited with these words:
"There may be spasmodic games start
ed here one day and close ihe next, but
there .-ire no regular ones running- Two
years ago Joe Harvey did run a game in
the Palace Hotel, but it was raided or
driven away. We maintain too careful a
watch for any game to run very long.
A faro layout may be located anywhere
for a night or two. somebody passes the
word around and these who are looking
for that form of amusement are likely
to find it. Same way with crap games.
You can find player?, set them/together
In a few minutes and find a pl*ce to play.
But there are no games running regu
larly anywhere In my district. Sergeant
Donovan has charge of this detail and
would likely find out something about it."
Chief Lees made practically the same
statement to a Call reporter Thursday
night, and at the moment he was talking
Harvey's game was in full blast in the
very place where it had been conducted
nightly for several weeks. It was no
"spasmodic game"; it was fully estab
lished, well known to almost everybody
in town except the police, and there it
would have remained unmolested indefi
nitely had not The Call exposed it. So
far as that part of it is concerned, Chief
L,ees can take his choice of one of two
opinions. Either he must acknowledge his
woful incompetence by reaffirming that
he did not know Harvey was dealing faro
every night in room 937 of the Palace or
he ran admit that he knew what every -
I else knew and by so doing substan
' '— ations that
ice for im-
asserts that
was raided
nowledge of
ilarly since
the inroads
nf rri' :i!i. decay nr willfully states what
he knows Is not true. Chief Lees knows,
unless the fact has faded from his mem
ory, that all last winter and spring up to
several weeks after the close of the racing
season, Harvey conducted his game In
the Palace regularly, and only closed ft
when an up-country capitalist lost a large
sum at faro and made an uncomfortably
loud talk about it.
The same paper that interviewed Lees
yesterday quotes Sergeant Donovan as
as follows:
"Some reporter in search of a sensation
may have run against an ephemeral
game, but I defy him to point out any
that 18 continuous. I know all the places
mentioned and many more on which we
keep a watch, where games have occa
sionally been played, but that is all there
Is tn it."
Perhaps Sergeant Donovan has his eye
on Billy Schrelber's game at 6 O'Farrell
street. If he has it would not be a .bad
Idea for him to get his hand on It as well.
Schreiber conducts poker rooms over Ca
ley & Roc-dor's at the corner of Grant
avenue and O'Farrell atreet. His rooms
are centrally located and well patronized
by poker players. Occasionally, however,
his visitors express a wish to vaxy the
monotony of poker, and all they have to
do is to express the wish and Schreiber is
ready to accommodate them. He has a
complete faro layout handy and whenever
his guests desire it a "flyer" is dealt for
their pleasure, profit— and loss. Or if
craps are preferred the little ivories are
soon rolling merrily over the table.
It may be the Chief will seek to escape
the investigation before the Commission
ers that now seems inevitable by claiming
that It was though his vigilance that the
faro game until very recently conducted
in the Royal Eagle, over the Pabst cafe,
was closed, but such a claim would be
false. The game was only run occasion
ally and was closed for want of patron
age. But there are other games Desldes
Srhriebrr's that are running right along,
seemingly without the least fear of po
lice interference, but they are all likely to
suspend for a time now.
Police Commissioners Gunst and Al
vord were greatly surprised to learn
through the disclosures made by The Call
that faro and roulette were running full
blast in the Palace Hotel and had been
for the past three or four weeks, and
other games were in full bloom elsewhere
throughout the city. Their manner indi
cated that they were more surprised tlaat
Chief T.ees should seek to protect tVie
gnmblers by denying the existence of the
game nfter the proof of their operation
had been established by incontrovertible
evidence. While they did not say so in
so many words they intimated that the
Oak Leaves
And Acorns Decorated on
Dainty China.
Spoon Trays, Salad Sets,
Ramikin and Plates.
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas. Coffees, Spices
Great America n Impprfg-Tea Co.
661 Market, «j. Powell 705 J.nrkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
2 18 Third St. .1810 Devisadero Sl.'
506 Ucurny St. 2008 Fillmore St.
146 Ninth St. 52! Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1 190 Kentucky St.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1 053 Washington**. 131 San Pablo At*.
617 Broadway. 610 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3S3 l»arlc St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St- near Fourth.
We also sell
China, Qrockery, Glassware
Cheapest Price? in Amerioct,
Writ* for o»Wogse*.
Chief Lees Can Now Find Use for His Fife and Drum Corps in Aiding Him to Ferret Out the
Faro Games He Has Just Learned Are Running.
head of the Police Department would be
called sharply to account lor the present
state of affairs as well as for his bare
faced attempt to cover up such a j^ross
violation of the law which it is his duty
to enforce.
.%Ir. Gunst was Inclined to resent the
insinuation that he might have been
aware of the operations of the gamblers,
consequently he was not in :t v>
:■■ frame of mind when called upon
bj .i «';ill reporter yesterday afternoon.
He was asked what he thoughi of Lees'
tnent that there was no crumbling'
going on in the Palace Hotel, in view
of the facts as published in The Call
terday morning, li'- said in reply:
"I have nothing to say in regard to
that at this time, i am not seeking any
newspaper controversy with Chief Lees.
1 suppose if Chief Lees knew there were
gambling games being run in the Palace
or any other place he would close them
"!'■ fie Ib old enough to know what he
to do. Th« Commissioners will
My )■!•■• t in a few days to considi i
matter, and if there are any games
rin you can r.-sr assured thej will
Commissioner Alvord discussed the mat
ter freely, but would not n posi
tive statement, further than to say the
gamblers would h<- compelled to close up
"1 do not know anything about it. ex
■■vhat I read in The Call this morn
he said. "However, ;:' there is any
gambling j.;"mc: cm it will be stopped.
i difficult matter to keep the games
1. ]f we close them up in one place
they move to some other locality and
open up again. The gamhlr-rs sit up nights
and study methods of getting the best "f
the police, but there is really very little I
gambling in San Francisco compared with
other large cities."
"What about Chief Trees' statement de
nying that there was an? game in the
Palace Hotel?" was asked.
"That appears rather queer, that is a
fact. I shall see the Chief and have a
talk with him about it. The whole mat
ter will be looked into by the Police Com
mission and whatever action is deemed
necessary will be taken."
Police Commissioner Tobin is confined
to his bed with illness and could not be !
seen, but he Is k jwu to be strongly op
posed to gambling, and if Tie is convinced
I that Chief Lees has been derelict In his
I duty he will not hestitate to act promptly
i and effectually.
FOrU BRIDE PASSENGERS.
Conductor Hunter's Troubled Run
From Santa Rosa to Tiburon
Thursday Evening 1 .
On his afternoon run from Santa Rosa
last Thursday Conductor W. J. Hunter
of the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railroad brought down four bridal
couples. They were: Mr. and Mrs. R.
Augustus, Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Ford,
Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Marshall, Mr. and
I Mrs. O. M. Winkler. all of Santa Rosa.
Conductor Hunter said there was so
! much rice thrown aboard the cars after
I the four parties that his train was drop
ping the white grains on the track all
the way from thr> Sonoma county seat to
I Tiburon. He would have enjoyed the com
i pany of his distinguished passengers, but
1 somebody at the depot threw an old shoe
j at the train, which struck him in the eye.
slightly blacking that orb and making him
not fit to appear in ladies' company. That
and a fear of having an accident, an omen
that would darken eight married lives on
the fourfold wedding day, made him, he
said. Just miserable till his precious pas
sengers were out of his hands and aboard
the ferry-boat. He had a rabbit's foot in
his breast pocket on the left side and a
turkey wishbone in his capband, which
! he is convinced kept all the rails in place
j and his train on the track.
Baldwin Fire.
To-day is the last day to buy watches
and jewelry saved from the Baldwin fire.
Balance of stock must be closed out re
gardless of value. Kimberly Gem and
watch House, 123 Kearny street. •
HE WANTED TO DIE.
A Crazy Chinaman Makes Repeated
Attempts to Kill Himself on
Clay Street.
A Chinese, who was evidently crazy,
caused much excitement on Clay street
yesterday afternoon by making repeated
attempts to kill himself.
When first observed he stood on the
corner of Clay and Stockton streets, and
as a car came up the hill he attempted
to throw himself under the wheels. The
gripman stopped the car just in time to
save him. Apparently not disconcerted
by the failure of his first effort, the Celes
tial swung himself aboard the car when
it started and followed the conductor as
he went forward to collect a fare. When
he thought no one was watching he
climbed over the front and deliberately
threw himself from the car directly in
front of the wheels. The quick action of
the gripman and the steep uphill grade
alone saved the Celestial from going to
his joss. As it was. he received a bad
shaking up, but was not seriously In
jured. A crowd collected near the corner
and watched the peculiar actions of the
man for a long time, but as no police ap
peared he was left unmolested.
UNCLE "SIMEON" WHEELEft.
Our distinguished old Confererate
friend, General Wheeler, is doing what he
can to atone for the little mistake he
made nearly forty years ago. He has
taken his entire family to the front, girls
and boys, and while in his excitement he
sometimes forgets . that he is fighting
Spaniards instead of Yankees, we • have
not learned that he is the less efficient on
that account. ; When they contemplate
this fine old rebel leading the boys in
blue, and read the fraternal and compli
mentary remarks of the British press, it
Is time for our \iged Simeons to say,
"Lord, now lettest thou thy servant de
part In peace."— Paul Globe.
.The famous &d JESSE MOORE WHISKY la
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because : It Is pure.
The Travelers' Masquerade.
The Travelers will hold their grand an
nual masquerade on New Year's eve at
Eintracht Hall, 237 Twelfth street, near
Folsom. The Travelers are a popular or
ganization, and propose "making things
hum" for their guests next Saturday
night.
Stuart Bobson teDs how to win
success on the stage in next Sunday's
Call.
the ban Francisco call, Saturday, December 24, 1898.
LIEUT,HOBSON
IS WELCOMED
BY THOUSANDS
A Public Reception at
the Palace.
THERE WAS NO KISSING
YOUNG HERO DELIVERS AN AD
DRESS FROM THE BALCONY.
The Cotillon Claimed the Young
Officer After the Affair at
at the Palace Was
Over.
The public reception extended to Lieu
tenant Richmond Pearson Hobson at the
Palace last night was a fitting- climax to
the young officer's transcontinental tri
umph. Over two thousand people were
personally introduced to him, but there
was no kissing. After receiving the pub
lic in the large parlor of the Palace for
over an hour and a half, Lieutenant Hob
son made an address to the assembled
multitude from the balcony of the first
floor. It is estimated that there were m
the hotel at least four thousand people.
While twice that number must have
passed in and out during the evening in
their efforts to get a view of the young
hero.
As early as 7 o'clock the crowd began to
assemble, and by 8 o'clock the grand court
was filled, while the crowd began to line
the first, second and third balconies. At 9
o'clock the band engaged for the evening
began to enliven the scene by popular and
patriotic airs, and the music only served
to increase the crowd.
It was shortly after 10 o'clock when
Lieutenant Hobson finally arrived at the
Palace in company with Mayor Phelan
ami Lieutenant Roberts. Mayor Phelan
took the precaution to give the crowd
the slip. He came in by the front entrance
and going down the main corridor took
the Market street elevator to the first
floor. Some one spied the distinguished
young guest, and this time there was no
mistaking the shout of welcome that
went up. The crowd on the first balcony
surped toward the elevator landing,
while the people in the court murmured
loudly at their disappointment.
Captain John Sptliane. with Sergeants
Conboy and Brophy and thirty officers,
had charge of the handling of the crowd.
There were a number of officers on the
first balcony. They kept the crowd out
of the main parlors, while Lieutenant
Hobson was taken in by Mayor Phelan
and presented to the reception committee.
The immediate members of the committee
who assisted in the reception were
Messrs. Ford. Daniels, Harrington, War
flekl. Shea, Newha.ll and Mills. Besides
these gentlemen there were many other
prominent citizens and a number of
ladies.
As soon as Lieutenant Hobson had met !
the committee he took his station in the j
center of the main parlor, with Mayor !
Phelan on his left, and the work of admit- j
ting- those who had cards, and those who
: had not, began. For over an hour and a I
I half the crowd poured in in one steady :
I and continuous stream. There were all i
sorts and all kinds of people. The ex- !
elusive wealth and fashion of Nob Hill
was right in line with the muscle and |
I brawn of the Mission and Potrero.
The people swarmed into the par
lon in such numbers that it was i
found by the committee that it could
not handle them, and the help of Ser
geant Conboy was invoked, but even the
efforts of that officer were useless. After j
shaking hands with Lieutenant Hobson
many remained in the parlor, while some
grot in line as many as thr^e times. See
ing that it was impossible to get the
i crowd to move out. Mayor Phelan eon
j ceived the idea of having Lieutenant Hob
son make ;in address. He was escorted
to the balcony, ami his appearance was
i the signal tor a mighty outburst of cheer
! ing. As soon us order had been restored |
, the young officer began to speak.
In a elnar and reson uit voice tie began
to tell of the trying days when the Amer
ican fU'ft lay before the guns of Morro.
1 First he briefly thanked those present for
, the reception which they had extended
him. and In a modest way declared that
he took it as a compliment to the Ameri
can navy and not to himself. There was
a certain earnestness in the manner in
which Lieutenant Hobson spoke that was
Irresistible.
Tm begin with, ho is a perfect specimen
of manhood — tall, straight as an arrow,
and very handsome. As he began to warm
up to his story the crowd frequently In
terrupted him with rli. its that were so
1 mighty in volume that they threatened
i to lift* t hf roof from the hotel.
HOBSON ADDRESSING THE PEOPLE FROM THE BALCONY.
He briefly alluded to President McKin
ley's recent visit through the South and
declared that the words of fraternal love
he had uttered would be the means of
the final union in spirit and love of. the
North and South forever. Next he mod
estly told of his assignment to his dan
gerous duty and how every man in the
fleet was eager and anxious to go with
him. He described his impressions of the
storming of San Juan Hill as he saw it
from the window of his cell in Morro
Castle, and he naM that the work of the
American soldier in that fight has never
been excelled. Vividly he described the
total destruction of the fleet of Admiral
Cervera, and he paid a high compliment
to the bravery and courtesy of that of
ficer, whom he called a noble cavalier.
Concerning his treatment by Admiral
Cervera, Lieutenant Hobson declared that
he and his men were shown every cour
tesy and that Admiral Cervera wanted to
entertain him as his guest in the fleet,
but General Blanco ordered that t pris
oners should be confined tn Mozm
After the reception the young officer
attended the cotillon given by the Friday
Night Club at Native Sons' Hall.
At about 10 o'clock the guests began to
arrive and general dancing was in or
der. At 11 o'clock the german was in or
der, Mr. Greenway leading alone. Those
in the cotillon were:
Mrs. Gaston M. Ashe, E. N. Bee, Mr. and
'Mrs. Samuel G. Buckbee, Misses Borel, F. G.
Bothin, J. W. Byrne, Walter D. Bliss, John
R. Baird, S. H. Itoardman, Lieutenant Philip
S. Brown, U. S. M. C. ; Miss Laura Bates, Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Crocker, Mrs. J. M. Cunning
ham, Miss Gertrude Carroll. Miss Sarah Collier,
William Northrop Cowles, Miss M. Collier. Mr.
and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs.
James B. Crockett, Miss Caro Crockett, Fran
cis J. Cfirolan, J. R. Chandler, Mr. and Mrs.
K. R. I)lmond, Henry J. Dutton, Eugene de
Conlon. Enrique de la Vega, H. S. Dutton, M.
N. Drown, Mr. and Mrs. G. de Latour, Miss
Bertha Dolbeer, Miss Bernie Drown, Miss Delia
Davidson, Robert M. Eyre, Miss Mary Eyre,
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, J. H. Follis, Mies
Lillian Follis, Charles Fernald, Fred A. Green
wood, Miss Jennie Greenwood, Mr. and Mrs.
William M. Gwin. Miss Mary Belle Gwin. Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Grant, Mr. and Mrs. E. W.
Hopkins. Misses Helen and Edna Hopkins,
Charles Holbrook, Miss Olive Holbrook. H. M.
Holbrook, Mrs. George H. Howard, Ben Holla
day, \V. R. Heath, Leonard Holmes, Mr. and
Mrs. W. G. Irwln, Mr. and Mrs. Paul R. Jar
boe, Miss Marguerite Jolliffe, Miss M. E.
Kohl, Mr. and Miss Samuel Knight. Mrs. M.
A. Kittle, Frank King, Percy L. King, John
M. Lewis. Mr. and MrH. George H. Lent, Miss
Loughborough, Miss Josephine Loughborough
George T. Marye Jr., Miss Alice Moffit, Mrs.
W. c Morgan, Miss Therese Morgan. Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Mullins,
Mlgfl Maud Mullins, Miss Sallie Maynard, Miss
<:uri>- A. Merriarn. Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Mur
phy. Georpe A. Martin, H. R. Macfarlane,
Latham McMullin, Fred W. McNear, Mr. and
Mm. Atherton-Maoondray, George A. Newhall,
Mr. and Mrs. W. Mayo Newhall, Mr. and Mrs.
J. R. K. Nuttall, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Ox
nanl, Hon. James D. Phelan, Mr. and Mrs.
George Pope, Mr. and Mrs. Ira Pierce, Harry
Poett. Mrs. Jessie F. Patton. Miss Ethel Pat
ton, Ferd Rels Jr., R. T>. Robbins, Lloyd M.
Robbins. Lieutenant T. Games Roberts, U. S.
> ..: Major Rathbone, E. H. Sheldon, Harry N.
Stetson, Harold E. Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
J. Sullivan, Miss Schneely, Augustus Taylor
W. H. Taylor Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S
Tnbln, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred S. Tubbs. Clem
Tobln, Lawronce E. Van Winkle, Miss Daisy
Van Ness, Baron yon Sohroeder. Baron Alex
ander yon Sohroeder, Hon. P. Veeder Mrs
Chauncey R. Wlnslow, M. S. Wilson Mr nnd
Mrs. R. J. Woods, Mrs. F. B. Wildes, Mrs
William T. Wallace, Miss Romie Wallace
Miss Juliet Williams, Mr. and Mrs. Fred w'
Zpllp.
While the Lieutenant was cordially -wel
comed by the club members, there was no
evidence of a warmer greeting on the part
of his fair hostesses, and amid the fairest
temptations of California's beauty the
young constructor was delighted to be al
lowed to enjoy himself merely as a fa
vored guest.
The committee has arranged to take
Lieutenant Hobson to Golden Gate Park
at 10 o'clock this morning. The band will
play at the park from 10 until 1 o'clock
Lieutenant Hobson expects to lecture at
the Y. M. C. A. dt 11:30 o'clock this morn
ing on "The Sinking of the Merrimac "
The public U Invited.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _ J
our store will remain closed from Saturday night' to Tuesday morning. ||
_ ■ Santa Claus has now mailed 3611 books to 1
A .©■ the homes of those dear little children i
■_ _■_ /\ «d _<^ y^\ who wrote him a letter in care of Hale's; 1
M"H & afi lif ,T, T -f " the title of the book is "Little Jlglets for ' I
1 H M IE i i^v^.,.. the Spriglets"; 29 pen and ink sketches *J
M. M. X^^ -X • an( contains poems by Ella Wheeler Wil- 1
cox, Eugene Field, Carl Currle,.with orig- I
inal Illustrations by our own artist, as a Christmas gift for the children; S
every mother to-day, when making her purchases, should ask the sales- I
man for one of these books, free; come early; we don't want to disappoint I
any one, but there's less than 2000 of them to give away. £|
glove orders !^^^^~ >_ir ,_fE_\ s,_■__? gentlemen can sen |1
of our seven /gf/ JM/^< ______^ 3^ the greatest pro- B
stores. *^y id^J^ n^' tL Qqoi>& g *^'^ priety. ||
we will deliver any of these to-day! I
all goods purchased after 6 p. m. will be delivered 1
by our Xmas -day express before 11 a. m. |
_0K 'i . "^^_2fv^__B____r
_HE___#i^^* -'Srßßiir
_!-______vf_L i__s_t_"_*^i
v~^^ nW_J_?T_r ii__S_Pffy Fmt
'■•:--..'■' r :';'' 'V'».b"-r
a paradise of toys s^&
937 to 947 Market St.
for your own comfort — come early!
MURDEROUS ACT
OF A DESPERATE
PICKPOCKET
Attempts to Kill De
tective Silvey.
CAUGHT ROBBING A WOMAN
"DEAFY" MORRIS, A NOTED
CROOK, ARRESTED.
After Being Disarmed He Throws a
Handful of Pepper in
the Officer's
Face.
Detected in the act of picking a woman's
pocket, in front of the Palace Hotel last
night, "Deafy" Morris, a noted Eastern
thief, attempted to kill Detective Silvey,
who placed him under arrest. As the
detective grabbed him Morris drew a long
knife and made a slash at the officer's
throat. Silvey dodged the blow and. after
a short struggle, succeeded In disarming
the infuriated crook. With an oath, Mor
ris quickly placed his hand in his coat
pocket and, taking out a quantity of red
pepper, threw it in the detective's face.
Fortunately the pepper did not reach Sil
vey's eyes. He again grabbed the des
perate thief, and, with the assistance of a
citizen, managed to get him away from
the crowd. He was then taken to the
City Prison, where his name was regis
tered on the small book.
Morris, according to the police, is one
of the most dangerous crooks that has
ever operated in this country. He haa
only one arm. the other, it is claimed
having been shot off while resisting ar
rest.
The detective first saw Morris dodging
through the crowd that stood in front of
the Palace awaiting the arrival of Lieu
tenant Hobson. Recognizing him from
his picture which adorns the rogues' gal
lery Silvey started after him. He saw
him insert his hand into a woman's pock
et, and, grabbing him by the neck, he in
formed him that he was an officer and
that he was under arrest. It was then
that Morns vainly endeavored to slash
his captor.
Morris, although a cripple, vigorously
resisted arrest, and had it not been for
the assistance of the citizen who came to
Silver's rescue he might have escaped.
When asked his name by the desk ser
geant at the Central station Morris re
plied that he was born without a cogno
men.
"You think you've got me right," he
cynically declared, "but I will foil you as
I've done other fly coppers."
Secreted in the lining of his vest was a
small knife, sharp as a razor, which he
uses in cutting open the pockets of his
victims. It is believed that he is wanted
in the East on a more serious crime, and
until the local police hear from the East
ern authorities they do not intend to for
mally charge him.
BARRICADED IN HIS OWN BARN
Billy Lock's Cowboys Amuse Them-
selves at His Expense.
"Billy" Lock, who keeps a stockyard
at Folsom and Harrison streets, had the
novel experience of being barricaded in
his own barn by his own help last night.
Connected with the stockyards are about
a dozen of all-round toughs, who have
French hat
sale now going on— half price to-
day— 4l swell hats.
calendars
Including rich Tennynonlan.
Chinese and other 1899 novelties.
gloves
ten new colors in ©or real
french pique walking glove.
silverware
trinkets, toilet seta, cutlery
manicure sets, shaving brushes',
table sets
elegant table covers In Irish
linen, hemstitched, with nap-
kins to match.
docks
dainty Dresden effects in china
clocks; sweet for her bedroom.
h'dk'fs
extra fine ladies' handkerchiefs
from 60 cents to $2 50 each, and
art work
sofa cushions, bureau sets,
gents suspenders, elegant hand-
worked and painted pieces.
neckwear
In chiffon, silk lace and ribbon;
stock collars of all silk, satin
ribbon.
made that portion of the Mission xamous
for their rowdyism. Heretofore Lock
rather enjoyed the notoriety of the pang
and laughed at complaints when made to
him regarding their antics.
Last night, however, when some of the
gang, headed by the notorious Patsy Bar
man, turned the joke on their boss and
proceeded to give him a taste of their vi
cious proclivities, he took refuge in ms
barn and barricaded the place, while the
roughs tried to break in the doors. Know
ing what was in store for him if they got
inside, he crawled through a skylight and
slid down the roof, making his way to the
Seventeenth-street police station. He met
Sergeant Griffith and Officers McHugh
and Taylor, to whom he told his troubles
They advised him to return and snow
himself to the gang, while they kept in
the background. As soon as Lock was
seen by Barman the signal was given to
go for him. This was being done when
the officers swooped in on them and ar
rested the ringleaders— Barman, William
Taite and Frederick Burns.
The trio were locked up in the station,
their companions escaping through tha
cattle sheds. Charges of disturbing tha
peace were entered against them.
Christmas Greetings.
"We extend a Merry Christmas to all
our patrons and to the public in general,
and offer for this day good creamery but
ter, squares, 35c; Petaluma ranch eggs,
strictly fresh, 35c doz. ; pure Vermont
maple syrup, %-gal. Jugs, 60c; Hermitage
whisky, full quarts, Jl; cigars in boxes,
for holiday presents, at factory prices.
Full lines of holiday supplies. Come
and see us. Levin Bros. , Inc. , leading cash
grocers, 1348 and 1352 Market street.
Phone, S. 292. •
City Front Whisky Killed Him.
"When the proprietor of the saloon at 126
Oregon street opened the doors yesterday
morning he found the dead body of an
unknown man lying on the floor. The
dead man had probably fallen asleep on
the floor the night previous and had been
locked in by mistake. He had made away
with nearly all the contents of a bottlo
of city front whisky, and his sudden death
was undoubtedly due to that cause. The
body was taken to the Morgue and an au
topsy will be held. The dead man was
about 45 years old and was dressed like a
seafaring man.
SOUSA'S
with their dash, volume
and strength are creditably played
by the
Regina
It rm interchangeable steel tune
sheets, offering thousands of pieces, all
of which are perfectly played. The
Regina makes a Christmas present
worth having.
Prices $7 to $300
SHERMAN, CLAY & COS
Piano and Music House
Keamy and Sutter Sts. San Francisco