VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 132.
CONSUL-GENERAL LEE
INSULTED WHILE
LEAVING HAVANA
United States Representatives Jeered At by the Span
ish Rabble and a Warship's Guns
Trained Upon Them.
Blanco Refuses to See the Departing Diplomat and Permits Humiliat
ing Incidents—Vice-Consul Springer Threatens the Dons
That Americans Will Soon Return, While His Chief Is
Eager to Head an Invading Army.
am ■ n»
M "• JTlghted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett. J. !. v S
KEY WEST, Fla.. April 10— "You may tell Mr. Blanco for me that the Fern is the last ship
of the American navy that will ever go out of Havana harbor while the Spanish flag flies over
Morro."
This was the message that General Lee sent back to General Blanco as he steamed out of
Havana harbor last night. Lee was indignant at the insults heaped upon his head by the Spanish
officials and populace. He had been snubbed at the palace by General Blanco and affronted by Dr. Con
gosto. As the Fern bearing our consular representative left the harbor there were cries of "Fuera !"
("Begone") from thousands of throats, and Vice-Consul Springer made a gesture in reply which meant,
"We will come again," and cried, "Esperen volvernos !" ("Await our return.")
When General Lee went
to the palace yesterday he
was accompanied by the
British Consul, Mr. Gullon,
who was to take unwilling
charge of the American con
sulate. Mr. Gullon is a
Spanish sympathizer and
refused to take charge until
peremptorily ordered to do
so from London. General
Lee sent in his compliments
to General Blanco, with the
request for an audience. He
was still Consul-General,
and desired to say that he
took leave pending his re
turn from the United States.
Instead of General Blanco
came Congosto, with a curt
message that the captain
general did not desire to see
General Lee again. General
Lee was dumfounded. Con
gosto bowed and withdrew.
leaving General Lee boiling
with indignation.
Consul Gullon, instead of
leaving with General Lee,
made an excuse that he had
to see Dr. Congosto on a per
sonal matter and remained
behind. As General Lee
passed down the crowded
staircase Spanish subalterns
and attaches made fun of
him. muttering insults and
crying "Fuera." It is the
duty of soldiers out of the
palace when a consular rep
resentative appears to stand
at attention. As General
Lee passed the soldiers re
mained lounging about. So many threats had been made and so gross had been the insults that General Lee had decided to remain no longer in
Havana, and went on board the Fern. Everything had been done to protect American interests. All the Consuls and Vice-Consuls were gathered
in Cuba. All persons desiring the protection of the United States were given passage in ships.
The steamer James H. Dudley, which came in, was advised by Lee not to unload, but to depart at once. The oil steamer Almouth of
Philadelphia had disregarded General Lee's advioe and unloaded, and was lying at the dock. Nothing could be done for her. The Olivette was
jrally loaded down with passengers, One hundred went aboard the Evelyn, a tramp steamer. There were twenty-six on the Bache, and on the
Fern were General Lee and his staff and the American newspaper correspondents. Among the refugees were several Englishmen. The English
colony had gone over the head of the British Consul and demanded the protection of General Blanco, fearing they would be taken for Amerioans
and killed.
The Dudley was the first to sail ; then the Olivette left ; then the Evelyn, Bache, and last of all, the Pern. Each boat wanted to be last.
The Baches engineers had arranged to plead a breakdown and did it, and General Lee had to peremptorily order the Baohe to proceed. The harbor
was lined from Machina wharf to Morro castle on one side and to La Pnnta on the other with thousands of spectators. Everybody- whistled, as
whistling is a mark of derision, like hissing in the United States.
As the Fern passed the Alphonso XII a gun was trained on her and the gun crew stood ready. General Lee saw it and spoke of it. The
gun was swung around after the Pern had passed. Above the whistling came cries of "Fuera!" acoompanied by insulting epithets. Back went
the reply from Vice-Consul Springer, "Esperen volvernos!" Covering the rear of the fleet of the refugees the Pern swept out to sea and headed
for Key West.
The San Francisco Call
CONSUL-GENERAL FITZHUGH LEE.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898 — TWENTY PAGES.
DEATH'S GRIM
HARVEST IN
DYEA CANYON
Search Still Goes on for the Bodies of
Miners Buried by the
Avalanche.
Sam W. Wall Pictures the Harrowing Scenes in
the White-Mantled Graveyard on
the Trail to Dawson.
CORRECTED LIST OF THE DEAD.
E. D. ATWOOD, New York
— ATKINS, Idaho.
ALBERT E. AUGLUND, Tacoma.
A. D. BISSELL, Seattle.
C. BECK, Sanford, Fla.
THOMAS B. CLARK, Idaho.
WALTER CHAPPEY, New York.
THOMAS COLLINS, Portland, Or.
THOMAS COLLENDEN, Kirkland, Or.
WILLIAM CARROLL, San Francisco.
W. H. DOHLSTROM, Lincoln, Nebr.
— DURBER,
A. DORAN, Tacoma.
GEORGE EGGERT, Portland, Or.
R. L. ESTERBROOK, Seattle.
WILL FALKE, San Francisco.
T. GLENN, Spokane, Wash.
T. GLINN, Portland, Or.
WEED GARRISON, Seattle.
CON GEPHART, Seattle.
W. GRIMES, Atkins, Idaho.
S. M. GRIMES, Tacoma.
F M. GRIMES. Sacramento, Cal.
PRESTON GRIZZELEY, Buffalo, N. Y.
C. R. HOMER, Seattle.
E. J. HUDSON, Seattle.
S. T. HUDSON, Portland, Ort
E. P. HAINES, Seattle.
C. P. HARRISON. Seattle.
HARRY HOLT. Tacoma,
RASMUS HEDEGARD, Baker City, Or.
E. R. JOHNSON, Spokane.
H. JUEGER, .
C. H. KINNEY, Prescott, Ariz.
ANDREW ANDERSON, San Francisco.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DTEA. April 6, via Tacoma, April
10.— At the time of the sailing of the
steamship Australia this morning at 6
o'clock, forty-two bodies had been re
covered from their burial in the snow
at the front of Chilcoot Pass by the
avalanche of Sunday morning.
A large force of men is at work mov
ing the snow and has been so employed
with all possible energy since the slide,
but the work has resulted only in the
opening of two short and narrow
trenches in an expanse of snow that
has changed the topography of the
canyon for a distance of an eighth of a
mile and has subi erged a little city of
tents, their inhabitants and a large
quantity of provisions. To shift this
body of snow, twenty and thirty feet
deep in places, will be impossible, and
the full extent of Saturday's casualty
will not be known until spring and
summer leave the canyon bare. From
what is known of the number of people
who were moving upon, or were located
on, the trail at the point covered by the
slide, it is estimated that the number of
deaths will reach one hundred.
Sheep Camp, a village of nearly 1000
people, has for occupation now only a
search for, and care of, the bodies of
the dead and the few who were taken
out alive after their long submersion.
There were less than a dozen of these,
and their experience was such as to
have wholly broken their nerve. To ask
them to relate it is to invite them to
weep like feeble old men.
A morgue has been established in a
tent where the bodies of the dead
brought from the heights above strap
ped to sleds are laid in a row for iden
tification. An undertaker has prepared
a lot of rough boxes from heavy rip
sawed lumber, and on being identified
the bodies are placed In these and
freighted in wagons dow*n through the
canyon to Dyea, fourteen miles dis
tant. The working force of the Chil
coot Railway and Transportation Com
WILL CONGRESS THINK
AS DOES McKINLEY ?
NEW YORK, April 10. — The following was received from
the Herald's Washington correspondent late to-night: While
the President's message, which goes to Congress to-morrow,
recommends armed intervention, the word "immediate," 1
learn to-night, has been stricken out. Not only this, the
President in his comment on the new programme of Spain will
indicate that she should be allowed an opportunity to prove
her sincerity to establish the new form of self-government
which she now contemplates. Thus it would appear that Spain
has gained at least delay by the new card which she has
played.
GKORGE LEWIS, Spokane.
G. J. MILTON, St. Paul.
J. R. MORGAN, Emporia, Kans.
MRS. ANNIE MOXON, Jefferson County, Pa.
JOHN MERCHANT,- Redding, Cal
E. F. MILLER, Vancouver. Wash.
FRANK MILLER, Butte, Mont.
C. L. McNEIL, Elk River, Minn.
SANFORD McNEIL, Portland, Or.
J. C. MURPHY. Dixon, N. D.
AUSTIN PRESTON, Redding, Cal.
J. B. PIERSE, Tacomo.
J. REESE, Wisconsin.
GEORGE RITCHIE, Chicago.
MRS. W. L. RILEY, Seattle.
C RASMUS, Colorado.
JOHN REDDY. Kansas City, Mo.
GEORGE RISER, Seattle.
MRS. RYAN, Baltimore.
MATT SCHONA, St. Paul.
JOSEPH SMALLWOOD, Portland, Or.
GUS SEABORN, Chicago.
STEVE STEVENSON, Seattle.
FRANK SPRAGUE, Seattle.
G. E. SMITH, Tacoma.
G W.' SMITH. Wooley, Wash
JEFF SOLEY. Idaho.
O. A. ULER, Wooley, Wash.
L. WEIDELEIN, Kansas City.
O. M. WARNER, San Francisco.
— WILHELM. Menlo Park, Cal.
GUS ZABARTH* Seattle.
ANDREW ANDERSON, San Francisco.
W. F. WARNER. Menlo Park, Cal
A. F. KING, Tacoma.
pany has lost nineteen men and the
power house of the company at Sheep
Camp has been turned into another
morgue as the bodies of these are re
covered and turned over to the officers.
A citizens' and miners' committee has
taken charge of the work of excavation
and of caring for the bodies and the
effects of the deceased, and all is being
done that can be in the premises expe
ditiously and well.
The avalanche occurred at about 11
o'clock on Sunday morning during a
heavy snowstorm and came from the
precipitous side of the mountain to the
east of the canyon. The storm had
been raging for five days, increasing in
severity until all traffic was stopped.
On Saturday a number of snow slides
had occurred, burying tents and indi
viduals all the way down the line from
the Scales to Sheep Camp, and men
were kept busy digging their fellows
out. In the camp at the Scales an or
ganization was effected and men were
placed on guard day and night with
shovels to respond quickly to the cry
of distress. They were kept busy all
Saturday night.
On Sunday morning the storm still
increased, the snow blowing so thick
before a driving wind that one could
not distinguish a figure ten paces dis
tant. About 9 o'clock a tent occupied
by Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Maxson was
buried under a snow slide, and it was
an hour before the force of men which
answered their cries released them.
Mrs. Maxson, Mrs. Estes and other
women in the camp became hysterical
and called upon the men tolead the
way to Sheep Camp, that •ffriy' might
all of them flee from what seemed cer
tain death.
A number of people congregated
about the restaurant tent of F. B. Hol
brook of Portland, known as No. 99,
and there the expedition down the can
yon was organized. A rope was found—
several ropes were knotted together —
making a line about 200 feet long, and
men and women went through the
camp calling upon all to "come and get
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
on the line and make a run for Sheep
Camp." In this work Mrs. Maxson, who
had had the experience of the morn
ing, was particularly active, passing
from tent to tent in the blinding
storm and crying, "Come out and flee
for your life."
When the line started, it is estimat
ed, there were from eighty to one hun
dred men and women clinging to it,
for the space was entirely full the in
dividuals being: about two feet apart.
In single file the long, dark line like a
serpent followed the windings r>* the
trail down the mountain, its progress
retarded by the stumbling of individ
uals over the caches and through the
snow drifts. At each tent as they
came to it the leader would stop and
some of the number would run to it
and call upon the occupants, if any
there were, to come out and get on
the line for Sheep Camp, "and to be
ware the avalanche."
In this way the number was still
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
/-XX THE old man who
f_.crA j^ looks out at the .
world . with clear
%BBi(iff^*-',§ and healthy eyes
<A\*^c<l cannot help feeling
Jk^&L great gratification at
-ddflewTTCT-. - tne thought that his
/^Bw^\ iK\ children and his
f'\ Kfiik^ fi«\ children's children
I V Bp&\\ U V have inherited from
/ » fffeft^Kj^l l\ ' m no weakness nor
/ kBKESFS! I tendency to disease.
/ */BS9Bi^<! The health y oui man
if Tra™fjj?ltea3 ' ' is the man who has
V 'y£^f%%&?{ throughout his life
'^ ■L/y^^m&rY kept his digestion
( . good and his blood
' I pure. Once in
,- -■ ,:. / / a while you find such
/ : I/ a man who has nevei
/ taken any medicine
js That man has lived
/ #1/ a perfectly natural
■ir> /II life. Not one in a
JAt I 1 thousand .does .do it.
* /"I - Sometimes very
l"\ I slight indiscretions
.. a II or carelessness pave
V i >■[ I the way for serious
ViV fly.' 1 sickness. The germ
* / 11 (l *k \ \ theory of disease 'is
/S» M« \XS well authenticated,
dn? */ J/ l^w >. an<^ g erms are every-
% /*^ where. This need
"• %gy j **'*<' make no difference
;•:■;•.;- . i to the perfectly
healthy man. ' Germs go through the
healthy body without effect. They are
hurried along, rapidly and thrown off before
they have time to develop or increase. Lei
them once find lodgment or let them find a
weak spot, they will develop by the million
and the blood will be full of them. Instead
of rich, life-giving properties, the blood will
be a sluggish, putnd tide of impurity. . In-
stead of giving strength to the tissues, it
will force upon; them unwholesome and
innutritious matter, ' and the man will
lose flesh. ' The more flesh he loses and the
weaker he becomes, the more ; susceptible
he is to disease. His trouble will become
complicated and serious consequences will
follow. Dr. Pierce' 6, Golden Medical : Dis-
covery is the only medicine , that absolutely -
and infallibly cur«;s all blood diseases, and
almost all diseases are; blood diseases. It
isn't a medicine for some one >■ particular
so-called: disease. "It is a medicine for the
whole body. It forces out all the germs of
disease, replaces impurities with rich, red
blood, feeds the *'£sues and makes strong,
healthy flesh.2
further recruited. On the side of the
hill near the first descent from the
Scales stood a tent that was partially
buried by snow. When the men came
to it, erring "Come out! Come out!
Run from the avalanche!" there was
no answer, and they hastily tore open
the flies of the tent. Three men lay
Inside, crushed to death under a
weight of heavy boxes and timber that
have boon thrown upon them by a
snowslide. The bodies were taken out
ami there was some considerable delay
before it was fully determined that
they were dead and that the wisest
thing to be done at the time was to
leave them. This delay no doubt cost
many lives. The men returned to their
places on the line and it moved on.
Down near tin* power house of the
Chilcoot Railway and Transportation
Company the trail divides, a path
down a deeper cut being reserved for
Individuals ai d handsled men as apart
from the borsea and regular packmen.
A rope had been stretched along one
side of the trail which is, or was, a
deep gully, b which those going up
could assist themselves. T'-s leader of
the line had given out exhausted and
taken a place further back, and a new
man was in his place. He swerved
over and made down the side trail, In
tending to use the rope as a guide, for
the ■ -'il was now obliterated by the
downfall of snow. They had scarcely
red the lower level of the side
trail when a man ran down the line
crying:
•The power house is falling, boys!
Look oui ! Look out!"
There was a low, hissing sound; the
. arth, or the great snowdrift, seemed
to rise up; those on the rear end of the
rope saw the dark line in front of them
lean to one side for an instant, rise
and fall back, and there was only the
.whiteness of the snow where the black
line had been.
•■lt was as though you scattered a
handful of ten-penny nails in the
snow, so completely and silently did
they disappear." according to one of
those in the rear who saw it.
Men with shovels have been placed at
the forward and rear end of the line.
The forward man was lost. Only one
shovel was at hand. About twenty on
the rear end of the line were only part
ly submerged, and these worked them-
Belves clear. Among them was Hol
brook, and he took the shovel and be
gan to work down the line. Messengers
were Bent to Sheep Tamp calling for as-
Bistance, and a lone came down from
the power-house. The power-house had
not moved; it was merely the illusion
in tho eye of tho excited man who saw
the snow rushing down upon it.
The work of the afternoon and night
recovered six nun living and the bodies
of twenty-one dead. The dead and liv
ing were carried to the power-house
■ near by, where all that could be done
was done for them. There are a num
ber (if physicians at Sheep Camp, and
they, with a corps of assistants, labor
ed for the resuscitation of all who were
brought in. The people at Sheep Camp
were slow to believe the first excited
9 mgers from the disaster, but. as-
Bured of the terrible truth, they turned
out in numbers and worked tirelessly.
The loss of the men in the employ of
the Chilcoot Railway and Transporta
tion Company was not realized until
Monday morning, for the nineteen
who were out were all buried under the
snow, leaving not one to tell of their
fat.-. There had been almost no out
side work done on the line for several
days because of the storm. The men
had become restless, aid when one of
the bosses proposed that a certain wire
that bad gotten out of place on one
<>f the towers be fixed he found ready
volunteers, even to the chief^ engineer
and head bookkeeper. .The party oj
nineteen started up the trail and reach
ed the vicinity of the power-house
about a half hour before the men on the
rope <ame down from the Scales. Some
men in the power-house saw them pass
and declare that there were thirty-fTve
if them by actual count. This, how-
BVI r, must be an error, as only nineteen
»f tho employees are missing.
A few moments after they passed
those men in the power-house felt a
tush of snow but paid no attention to
It, believing it to have been nothing
more than a slide from the roof. It
was half an hour later when a man ran
in and gave notice of the slide that
buried the people coming down from
the Scales. So it is clear there were
two avalanches, occurring a half hour
apart, at the same place, and both, by
a strange circumstance, falling at the
moment when large parties of men
were passing. The employes of the
transportation company were stationed '
at Sheep Camp, and there they would!
have been missed that evening but '
that a messenger called upon Nelson |
Bennett, the general manager, at his I
office there, from J. B. Pierce, the book- !
keeper, saying that he was all right, !
but would not return that night— he j
would remain <m tho summit. The mes- j
senger was a stranger to Mr. Bennett, j
and he does not know where Pierce was !
when he dispatched him or what time
he did so, but the message caused Ben~
nett to rest easy that night with re- j
gard to the party. Not until, morning !
did ho discover that they were all lost. !
The party was composed of Clarence
McNeil r,f San Francisco, chief en
gineer, formerly first assistant chief en- I
gineer of the sea wall improvement of '
the Fair estate at San Francisco. He
IS married and has a family. • George \
Lewis, foreman of the Stone House '
camp; I. B. Pierce of Portland, head :
bookkeeper, married; Tim Glinn, fore- \
man of the camp at Sheep Camp; A.
M. Holt of the engineer corps, resi
dence Tacoma: A. F. King. Tacoma.
married; Ed Doran, Tacoma. single; !
John Merchant; Austin Preston; \
Charles Kinnoy; John Reddy; E. r'.'l
Johnson; Albert Englund, Tacoma; Os
car Anderson; Tom Wall; G. W. Smith.
Bedro, Wash., married and family; H i
Yeager, O. A. Ulin; Jeff Sailing, Weiser, !
Idaho.
Living and dead were recovered at :
a depth of from eight to fourteen feet. |
They were found in every variety of j
positions as they were caught and i
pinioned or thrown by the snow. One !
was found entirely reversed, head
down; another upright with hand up- I
raised, but most of them were lying on
their faces. The dead bodies were '
fixed and immovable in the positions ■
they had been held by the snow. The
expression on many indicated an agony
Of Buffering before death came. In '
nearly every case death resulted from \
suffocation, a /lough those who were i
taken out alive after having been un- j
der the snow for several hours reported i
having had but little difficulty in
breathing. The limbs of some of the
dead were broken.
The first avalanche at the power
house left no living witness, and what j
it buried and destroyed cannot be
known. The peeond left some twenty i
or thirty people floundering in the j
snow, dazed and frightened. The wind
**-4s blowing a gale and the snow was
so thick in the air that they could not
see. They staggered against each other
as they worked. Holbrook of No. 99 as-
sumed the leadership and urged every
body to do his utmost. Dazed and ex-
hausted, some one after some hours
suggested that they could work better
if they had some stimulant. Holbrook
climbed the hill back to his tent,
whence they had started, to get a bot
tle of whisky, but found that his tent
had in the meantime been buried under
a snow slide and two men were under
it. He had to remain and alone labor to
get them out.
Great confusion prevailed all along
the trail. Men were hunting for and
calling upon their partners, fearful that
they were under the snow. The con
fusion and panic spread to the settle
ment at Sheep Camp, and with every
one who had friend who was not at
hand great anxiety and alarm was felt.
As the hours ran into days, however,
many of the missing were found, and
th> friends of those who were not gave
them up for lost.
The character of the situation— that
of a strapping army without organiza
tion or roster, few being acquainted
with their next neighbor, all shifting
position from day to day as they moved
forward along the trail — makes it prac
tically impossible to gain any idea of
the number of the missing. Among
those who were on the trail and who
were searched for by their friends
without success until the time of my
leaving the scene at noon on Monday
were :
C. C. Turner of Omha. Neb. He was
a civil engineer and was taking a boat
over to Crater Lake.
William Folker. who had come out
from Dawson last fall, and was return
ing.
Among those who were buried under
the snow, but taken out alive were the
following: C. L. Burge, Emporia,
Kans. ; Leo Brock, Buffalo, N. V.; J. A.
Rimes, Lockport, Me. and Kansas;
Hubbard G. Hancock. Klowa, 1. T. ;
Frank Bearss, Emporia. Kans.;
Bowles, Seattle; Adam Muller, Vancou
ver; Tom Hanna, Michigan; E. W. Dal
ton, Iowa; Charles Chriscaden. Seattle;
J. A. Revencroft, Seattle; John Lally.
Missouri; W. H. Maxson. Punxa
tawny. Pa.
The above were all on the rope com
ing from the Scales to Sheep Camp.
Tom Callaban of San Francisco and
J. Wilkinson of McKeesport left the
Scales ahead of the party with the
rope, but were caught in the slide. They
dug themselves out. The following
were buried further down near the
Stone House:
J. G. Holmes. Mark White, Frank
Stedman, W. J. Wallace, Orleans, Neb.;
W. J. Jennings, H. S. McGowan and
another of the same party, whose
name could not he learned, all of Ne
braska; John A. Murphy, Dixon, N. D. ;
Arthur L. Chappy, New York.
There were three women tied to the
rope line that came down from the
Scales— Mrs. W. H. Maxson, Mrs. E.
?]stes and Mrs, Ryan. Mrs. Maxson.
the woman who was buried in her tent
earlier in the day and who urged the
men to lead the way to Sheep Camp,
was lost. Her husband escaped. The
other two women were on the rear end
of the rope and were not.submerged.
Cliff L. Burge of Emporia, Kan., was
eight feet under the snow for an hour
and was taken out unconscious. His
account of the catastrophe as given to
me is as follows:
"It had been storming for several
days and the snow lay five feet deep
on the level at the Scales. Slides from
the mountain had become frequent.
At 1 o'clock Sunday morning I was
awakened by the stove in my tent up
setting. I got out and found that a
number of tents were entirely buried,
and with others I began shoveling. We
could hear the cries of the people un
der the snow. In a few hours we had
rescued twenty-five persons. At 9
o'clock another slide buried part of the
tent, and that of Mr. and Mrs. Maxson
and others. We dug them out and
then this plan of the rope line was
agitated and carried out. Mrs. Maxson
was active in this and kept urging the
men: "Come, get hold of the rope,
boys, and save your lives!" 1 As we ran
down the hill in the blinding storm we
lost the trail frequently and got
tangled up with the caches that were
strewn along the way. I saw and
heard the slide coming and I yelled a
warning, 'There she comes! 1 An in
stant later I felt myself lifted; then
all was dark and silent, and I was
pinioned as in a vice and lost con
sciousness. They say it was an hour
afterward that I was taken out."
Leo Brock of Buffalo, a newspaper
1 man representing the Buffalo Sunday
Times, was burled for nearly four
hours. He was taken out unconscious,
' but is almost recovered. He was at
Holbrook's tent No. 99 when the slide
j came at 9 o'clock, and he helped to
' dig the people out and afterward
: helped to organize the rope line party.
"It started from a point about 150 feet
from the base of the summit," said he.
"From the foot of the first pitch be
j low the Scales it turned to the left for
! about 1000 Teet, to where a cable util
j ized for hauling up sleds Is stretched.
On reaching the cable we were about
200 feet below and 600 feet to the
left of the tramway power - house
located at the foot of the long
hill. A small tene was observed
here almost completely covered with
snow. As smoke was seen to issue
from it a halt was made to induce the
occupants to join us. Two or three of
us reached it with difficulty, and found
that the rear end had been crushed in.
We opened the flies and saw three
men there half buried under boxes and
bales. We took them out, and upon ex
amining them found that life was ex
tinct. We returned to the line, and had
hardly moved fifty feet when Borne one
running along the line cried: 'The pow
er-house Is sliding down. At the same
instant I felt myself gently pushed for
ward by the snow — forward and down
word until I lay on my face. Then a
weight came upon me that grew heav
ier and heavier, and I felt that the
power-house was over me. I was not
frightened. I could not move hand or
foot, and although there was a tremen
dous pressure all about me I had no
great difficulty in breathing. I blew
the snow out of my mouth and nostrils.
Some one had taken my mils in the
confusion before leaving the tent, and
some one else had slipped a pair of
stockings on my hands and arms. I
had great difficulty in holding the rope
; with these, and so twisted it around
; my arm. I still held to It that way. •
"I did a heap of thinking as I lay
there, of course. No other idea oc
curred to me than that I was under
the power-house. Still I felt reasonably
sure that I would be dug out; that
j they would follow the rope and rescue
j me. The thought worried me, however,
j that If they did not, my wife ami
j friends would never know what had be
come of me, for I am supposed to be
over on the lakes and have got my out
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
HOW INSURGENTS
WON RECOGNITION
Review of the Establishment of the
Cuban Republic and the Battle of
Patriots for Independence.
Call Office, Riggrs House,
Washington, April 10.
Senor Gonzales de Quesada, the dip
lomatic representative of the Cuban
Junta, to-day issued the following
signed statement to show that the in
surgents have a regularly organized
civil government whose independence
can be recognized:
It is circulated by the enemies of the
cause of the independence of Cuba that
they have no government or civil or
ganization to recognize. It is .admitted
by all that there is a Cuban army which
has forced Spain to confess her inability
to re-establish her control of the island,
the triumphs and hardships of the Cuban
soldiers are written up every day, but
the more admirable example of the vir
tue and capacity of the people of Cuba,
the craatiop and working of a civil or
ganization, is lost; and yet there is no
writer who has visited the Island, ii:ig
lish or American, who has not told the
world of the government of the republic
of Cuba. At this moment a short sketch
of the laws and ofricers of the republic
cannot fail to interest the American peo
ple and serve to dispel any doubt in the
minds of Senators and Congressmen who
will be called to vote for a resolution rec
ognizing the republic
From the very inception of tho revolu
tion the Cubans provided for a civil
power. The Cuban revolutionary party,
which prepared and directed the . move
ment, was a civil organization, headed
by Jose Marti, who zealously aided in es
tablishing the paramount influence of the
law over the Bword. General Gomez then
and throughout all the revolution has
shown himself desirous that the civil au
thorities should have the supreme power.
When lie and Marti landed their lirst aim
was to constitute a provisional govern
ment. Gomez, as well as all the other
military leaders, recognized Marti as the
civil head. After the meeting of Gomrz.
Maceo and Marti at Mejorana on May 1,
IS'jo, a call for the selection of representa
tives of the Cuban people to form a civil
government was made, and Marti and
Gomez marched to the central provinces
lo arrange for these important details.
The decrees of that time are always
signed by both Gomez and Marti.
The death of Marti postponed for a
Uine the selection of the representatives,
but in the beginning of September, 1*95,
the call previously issued was complied
with. Representatives from each of the
provinces of Santiago. Puerto Principe,
Srnta Clara and the western part of the
island, comprising the provinces of Mct
tai.zas and Habana, making twenty in
all. were elected to the constituent as
sembly, which was to establish a civil
government, republican in form. The
constituent assembly, composed of doc
tors, lawyers and distinguished Cubans,
met at Jimaguayu, in the province of
Puerto Principe, on September 13, IS&S.
It was duly organized, it solemnly de
clared the independence of Cuba ami its
separation from the Spanish monarchy
and confirmed the existence of the re
public of Cuba among the political divis
ions of the world. The constitution, baaed
on democratic and republican principles,
was to be in force two years, unless the
freedom of Cuba was obtained previous
to the expiration of that time.
On the 18th of September the following
officials of the Government were elected
by the constituent assembly in accord
ance with the terms of the constitution:
President, Salvador Cisneros Betancourt
of Puerto Principe; Vice-President, LJar
tolomeo Maso of Manzanillo; Secretary of
War, Carlos Roloff of Santa Clara; Secre
tary of the Treasury; Severo Pinaof Santa
Spiritus; Secretary of the Interior, San
tiago Gracia Canizares of Remedios;
Secretary of Foreign Relations, Rafael M.
Portunondo of Santiago de Cuba; Sub-
Secretary of War, Mari Monocal of
Mutanzas; Sub-Secretary of the Treas
ury, Joarjuin Castillo of Santiago de
Cuba; Sub-Secretary of the Interior, Car
los Dubois of Baracoa; Sub-Secretary of
Foreign Relations, Fermin ValdezDomln
guez of Habana.
The installation of these officers duly
followed. The election of the g.-neral-in
chief and the second in command, who is
to bear the title of lieutenant-general,
was then held, and resulted in the
unanimous election of Maximo Gomez
and Antonio Maceo respectively. On th»
same day the constituent assembly elect
ed by acclamation as delegate pleni
potentiary and general agent abroud of
the Cuban republic Tomas Estrada
Palma.
During the two years of the Cisneros
administration and up to the time of
Maceo's death, the civil authorities of the
republic have exercised their functions
throughout the territory controlled by the
republic of Cuba, which is about three
fourths of the island. There is a civil
governor in every province who has his
subordinates and employes. The provinces
fit there, and have written home to
that effect. I came back to help an old
man through. I do not know, of
course, how long I was in the snow
when I lost consciousness, but it was
three hours and forty-five minutes af
ter the slide that I was taken out. It
was several hours after that when 1
regained consciousness."
Mr. Brock was still in bed at the
Woodlawn when interviewed, and
in the course of his story frequent
ly broke down, especially when refer
ring to the thought that those he loved
would not have known what had be
come of him.
J. A. Rines, an old man of 63 years,
was burled for a half-hour, and was
taken out before he lost consciousness.
He had hold of the rope at about the
middle. He could not see well in the
storm, but he heard a subdued roar
and felt the rush of the snow. He car
ried a staff and planted himself firmly
upon it when he felt the slide. Out of
of the whirl of the storm and the rush
of the avalanche there came suddenly
rest and complete silence, with a pres
sure on every side that fixed him mo
tionless. He realized what had taken
place and could see a dim light from
above, so he felt he was not burled
deeply. His hat and parky had kept
the snow away from his face so that
he had a slight breathing space. He
called continually but could not be
heard, although he could dimly hear
the voices of the rescuing party. Pres
ently came the shovels above hin\,
striking and cutting his coat, but he
was saved.
F. B. Holbroook of tent No. 99, who
took such an active part In organizing
the party with the rope, as well as in
rescuing the submerged, was about the
twentieth man from the rear' end of
the line. He had been opposed to mak
ing this run and was protesting against
it, he said, when he saw the slide cora-
I ing. He was caught only to his waist,
j immediately struggled out and began
I to work for the rescue of others. He
I described how he saw the long line
j. ahead of him "drop out of sight quick!v
I and silently like a handful of naifs
j thrown into the snow." On the line
were his partners and tent mates. Con
Gepfert, E. J. Judson, Grimes, Cullen,
I Beck and Dahlstrom, all of whom were
! lost.
"I have seen all manner of disasters
and accidents, from a steamboat explo
sion to a railroad collision," he said,
"but never anything that unnerved me
| like this swift and silent horror, the
burial alive, before my eyes, of so many
people, some of them to whom I was
strongly attached as the best and kind
est-hearted men I had ever known.
And that night In the power house,
where a half-hundred bodies, jiving and
dead, were laid, the friends of all of
are divided into prefectures, under the
supervision of the Secretary of the In
terior. The duties of the prefects are vari
ous and are subject to special laws. That
these prefectures are in working opera
tion, the official telegrams of the Spanish
press afford innumerable proofs. General
Blanco, in a communication to his Gov
ernment, under date of March 12, pub
lished in all the Madrid papers, says:
''Havana— Captain General to Minister of
War: In operations of columns in the
east, the military lines of the enemy be
tween Bayamo, Manzanillo and Canto,
were broken, also destroying the civil
organization which they had in that ter
ritory for two years."
Documents were tiled before the Senate
( oramittee on Foreign Relations last
April, which were published as Document
No. 19, Fifty-fifth Congress, lirst session,
which proved that the civil government
legislated as to commerce, good work
shops, manufactories, custom inspectors,
postofflces; that stamps have been issued,
public schools established, civil marriage
provided for; that the public treasury is
well organized, taxes being collected and
amounting to hundreds of thousands of
dollars. President Cisneros, and afterwar*
President Maso, issuing state papers as
they became opportune. The military au
thorities are subordinate to the civil gov
ernment. In many documents the gen
erals so declare it, and General Gomez,
the commander-in-chief, duly took th«»
oath to the constitution. In July, 1596, ha
published the following circular:
"Headcjuarters of the Army of Libera
tion: This headquarters being informed
of the unworthy proceedings of some
Chiefs and ollicers of the army with re
gard to the civil authorities of the re
public, and resolved, as it is not to con
sent in any case, nor by any person that
the sacred principles of discipline, subor
dination and morality of the revolution
should be disregarded, but that respect
should be rendered to the majesty of its
democratic institutions, its Commander
in-chief and its officers of the inevitable
duty which they have to respect the func
tionaries of the civil government accord
ing to their rank. The military authori
ties are obliged to give the decisive pro
tection of. their force to the civil authori
ties, for the better fulfillment of their
duties. The chiefs of the corps, divi
sions and brigades will chastise severely
ai. subordinates against whom any com
plaints may be made of their bad con
duct in-this respect, they being answer
able to this headquarters for their lenien
cy or indifference.
"P. Y. L. REMAXGANAGUXS,
"MAXIMO GOMEZ, General-in-Chief.
"July 22, 1896."
The general reports of the civil governor
of Uie east, Carlos -lanuel de Cespedes,
for tho years IS% and 1897, quoted in one
of Senator Morgan's speeches, confirm
every one of our statements and is worthy
of perusal. Five newspapers are also
publish, d in the republic: El Cubano
Libre, La Independencia, El Boletin de la
Guerra, La Sanidad and Las Villas. Books
have also been published, the first being
the primer for the public schools. Pur
suant of the mandate contained in the
t onstitution of 1895, a constituent assem
bly was convoked to meet in October,
1897, to revise the laws and to elect new
officers. T».e government council passed
an electoral law and twenty-four repre
s.-nt.Ulves vtere choseij from the six prov
inces by all the citizens of the republic
those in the army as well a« the civil
ians, the election was untrammeled by the
military. In a notable letter to General
Garcia, translations of which reached
President McKinley, he told how In San
tiago de Cuba he gave his vote the same
as the soldiers and peasants and how in
spiring it was to see the people exercise
the right of suffrage in districts con
trolled entirely by the republic.
It was a brilliant Congress that sat the
months of October and November. Dr.
Mendez Capote, ex-professor of law in.
Havana University, presided. The out
going Secretary of State submitted his
reports, which were examined and passed
upon by committees appointed for the
purpose. A new constitution was adopted
on the 29th of October, 1897, which will
be in force two years, unless independ
ence is obtained beforehand, when an
assembly shall be called to provide tem
porarily for the Government and admin
istration of the republic, until a deiinite
constituent assembly shall meet.
The preamble says: "We, the represen
tatives of the Cuban people, freely meet
ing in constituent assembly, convoked by
virtue of the mandate contained in the
constitution of September, 1595, ratify our
firm and unshakable resolve of obtain
ing the absolute and immediate independ
ence of tiie island, in order to establish
in it a democratic republic, and inspiring
ourselves in the present necessities of the
revolution, we decree the following con
stitution: The constitution determines
what is called the republic, who are citi-
them calling upon the doctors and
every passer-by to come for God's sake
and help them bring them back to
life: It was a pandemonium of distress
the like of which I hope never to be
called to witness again."
A. S. Smith of Kansas City gives it
as his opinion that there were about 125
on the rope. He was caught only to the
waist in the snow. Immediately be
hind him was a man named Herzog
who had a shovel. Smith and he did
good work with the single tool. Smith
is one of the Burge party, all of whom
were caught but none lost.
Hubbard G. Hancock was one of the
Burge party and was on the line im
mediately' in front of Smith. He was
submerged by about fourteen inches
and was completely Imprisoned, He
could see the light above and called,
but could not be heard. Smith cleared
the snow away from his head and. af
terward helped to dig him out.
Tom Hanna of Detroit, Mich., Is a
second cousin of Mark Hanna, He was
with the rope party and before it start
ed he said that if he was ever caught in
a snow slide he would throw up his
hand so that the searching party might
see it. When found Hanna's hand was
up.
Arthur L. Chappy was one of the
last taken out alive. He was buried for
four hours and did not recover con
sciousness until 10 o'clock Monday
morning. He was then taken down to
Sheep Camp. His arrival there at that
time gave rise to the story that- he had
been buried for nineteen hours. Chap
py is a young man, married and has a
family in Detroit.
T. M. Biack of Punxatawny, Pa., was
ten feet under the snow for two hours.
He says that he was at first not alarm
ed. His hands were caught up-raised
near his face. He immediately began
to work one of them around to his
mouth to clear a breathing space. It
seemed to him an hour before he had
worked his hand over to his mouth, a
distance of a few inches. Realizing the
impossibility of freeing himself under
these conditions, especially as he did
not know in which direction, up or
down, lay the outer world, he began
to despair and determined to try to
sleep with the hope that it would merge
Avithout pain into the long sleep. He
did actually go to sleep, but again
awoke. Previous to his going to sleep
he had heard despairing voices all
around him, praying, calling upon God
for help and deliverance. When he
awoke all the voices save one were si
lent and that seemed to be the voice
of an old man just above him, that
still kept up an agonizing' appeal for
God for help. Presently he heard the
voices of the rescuers, heard the stroke
of the shovel in the snow, heard the
Zens, their individual and political rights,
the officers of the Government, their pow
ers and provides for the assembling of
the representatives. The principal arti
cles are-:
Article 1> — Cubans and foreigners will be pro
tected in their religious opinions and in the
practice of their respective cults as long as
they are not opposed to public morals.
Article S— Education is free in all the terri
tory of the republic.
Article 10— The electoral right shall be regu
lated by the Government on the basis of uni
versal suffrage.
Article 17— The administration of justice in
reference to civil matters belongs to the civil
authorities, and Us procedure shall be regu
lated by law.
Article 22— Besides the. powers conferred
upon it by other articles of this constitution
the Government Council has the following:
1. To make all laws and regulations regard
ing the revolution and the military, civil and
political life of the Cuban people.
2. To resolve the petitions addressed to it,
ordering those which are not properly trans
mitted to take their due course.
3. To depose for just oause and under dta
responsibility any councilor or sub-secretary.
This resolution shall be reported to the first
assembly and can only be passed by the affirm
ative votes of four councilors.'
4. To appoint a secretary and sub-secretaries
tor the transacting.- of business in any depart
ment, when both positions shall have been va
cated for two months.
5. To appoint and remove public function
aries of all classes in the manner provided by
law, ordering that they shall lie submitted to
the courts of justice In the proper cases.
6. To determine the "olicy of the war and
the general lines of campaign, and to inter
vene when, in tHeir judgment, there be found
motive for it in the military operations, al
ways by means of the generals of the nation.
7. To raise troops, to declare reprisals and
to grant letters of marque.
S. To grant military ranks from sub-lieuten
ants to major-general In the form established
by the law of military organization.
9. To issue paper money, to coin money, fix-
Ing its kind and value.
10. To contract loans, determining when
they shall become duo. the interests, discounts,
commission and guarantees, and to make all
negotiations advised by the public weal being
strictly responsible for the use It shall make
of these faculties and of those provided in the
previous article.
11. To levy taxes, to decree the Investment
of the public funds and to ask and approve
the accounts of the same.
12. To determine the foreign policy and to
appoint and remove agents, representatives
and delegates of all classes.
13. To grant passports.
14. To issue the safe conduct necessary for
the discharge of the functions of the Govern
ment.
15. To make treaties with other powers,
choosing the commissioners who are to cele
brate them, but without being able to dele
gate In them its final approval. The one of
peace with Spain must he ratified by the
nssemblv and cannot be Initiated but oh the
basis of the absolute and Immediate lnde
ini.Vn.e n( .-it! th« Island of Cuba.
Article 31— The Secretary of War will be the
superior chief of the army of liberty.
In the additional articles, as to mili
tary organization, the following are
found :
No. 3— That the Government can name and
may freely separate the general-ln-chief. and
the lieutenant-general.
No. 4— That there shall be a chief for every
army corps, appointed by the Government, on
the Information or at the proposal of the gen
eral-ln-ehlef as to the first mentioned and by
the chief of department, through the general
in-rhlef for the second.
Pursuant of that constitution, which is
published in document 129 of the Fifty
fifth Congress, second session, the new
Government was selected as follows-
President. Bartolomo Maso; Vice-Presi
dent. Domingo Mendez Capote; Secretary
of War. Jose B. Aleman; Secretary of
Foreign Relations, Andres Mora I,atorre;
Secretary of the Treasury, Ernesto Fonts
Sterling; Secretary of the Interior Dr.
Manuel R. Silva: Sub-Secretary of "War,
Rafael da Cardenas; Sub-secretary of the
Treasury, Colonel Saturnino Lastra; Sub-
Secretary of Foreign Relations, Nicolas
Alberdl; Sub-Secretary of the Interior
Pedro Agruilora Kindelan.
The said Government Council appointed
Major-General Maxjmo Gomez as gen
eral-in-chief and Major-General Calixto
Garcia as lieutenant-general. But the
best proof of the existence of the Cuban
capital and Government is the following
official telegram published by the Spanish
Minister. Dupuy de Lome, dated the 22d
of January, IS9B. and signed by Senor
Congosto, tho secretary of the Spanish
Government in Cuba. It is as follows:
HAVANA. Jan. 21.— General Castellanos has
taken possession of the village of Esperanza,
In the Sierra de Cubitas. where the insurgent
Government has Its headquarters. During the
stubborn resistance made by the Insurgents the
Government officials escaped. The next day,
continuing his operations, the same general de
feated a body of 2500 insurgents who were
coming to the aJd of the Government, scatter
ing them* In all directions and killing flfty
nl"e - „ . CONGOSTO
The Cubans are willing to rest their
case on this testimony of the Spanish
Government.
GOXZALE DE QT'ESADA
Charge d'Affaires of the Cuban Republic
man above him released, and at last
the snow was lightened. He thrust his
hand up and was drawn into the bright
world again.
On Sunday night a meeting: of citi
zens and miners was held and an exec
utive committee was appointed to take
charge of the work of excavation and
of caring for the wounded and the
bodies of the dead and their effects
The committee is composed of J B
Cleveland, chairman; Arthur Waters
secretary; Dr. J. E. M nle. C w'
Young, C. Deichmiller, John Knee
and C. F. Wilks. It has taken charge
of the bodies, turned them over to
friends when called upon, has had an
undertaker prepare rough boxes, kept
a careful inventory of the effects found
on the bodies of the dead and forward
ed the work of recovering the bodies
from the snow as speedily as possible
A called meeting of Masons took
charge of the bodies of John A Mor
gan of Emporia and O. A. Ulin of Se
dro or Wooley, Wash., and will have
them embalmed and sent to their late
homes. The body of S. M, Grimes was
taken charge of by C. B. Haraden and
by him shipped on the Australia to
Astoria, where his widow now is
The body of I. K. Clark will be bur
ied at Dyea. His brother, J. D. Clark
who is here and was one df the party
with him going over the mountain,
did not wish to ship it back to his
former home in Ohio, although he
leaves a widow and family there.
Nelson Bennett, general manager of
the Chilkoot Railway and Transporta
tion Company, has instituted a search
for the bodies of all of its employes
killed in the avalanche, and will have
them embalmed and sent to their
friends.
The work of excavating goes on
early and late, and will continue as
long as anything may be accomplished
thereby.
This disaster, terrible as it was, has
been impotent to check the stampede
over the high white summit that
stands in the path leading toward the
Yukon and the gold fields. Monday,
the. day following the catastrophe, was
a beautiful, clear day, and as it open
ed the army of fortune hunters—that
part of it that had not been disturbed
in person or property by the avalanche
or checked by the storm at Sheep
Camp—took up its march, threaded its
way through workers with shovels on
a trail from which the bodies of their
fellows were hourly being taken, and
climbed, as they must, in single file
on up to the mountain top, where -their
bent forms stood for a Bingle instant
clear against the sky— and then on
over and beyond.
To Cure a Cold in One
Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
Kists refund the money if it fails to curs. 26c
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet
DOES THIS
MEAN SPAIN
WEAKENS?
Armistice Has Been
Granted Without
Conditions.
All Kinds of Concessions
Are Freely Promised
Poor Cuba.
Appeal by the Queen Regent
Through Spanish Minister
at Washington.
DIPLOMACY IS RENEWED.
It Would Seem That the Madrid Gov
ernment Is Not Absolutely Hope
less of Securing Peace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 10.
The Spanish Government, through
its Minister at Washington, Senor Polo
y Bernabe, to-nifM deliver d an im
portant official document to the State
i Department, stating that the armistice
| which the Queen Regent of Spain had
j commanded General Blanco to pro-
I claim was without conditions; that her
| Majesty's Government had granted
I liberal institutions to the island of
I Cuba, which the coming Cuban Par- J
liament would adopt; recalling the j
condolence and sympathy expressed by
the Queen Regent and her Government
on the disaster of the Maine and the
horror this disaster had occasioned in
Spanish hearts and appealing to the
courtesy and sense of justice of the
United States Government to enlighten
public opinion upon the attitude of
Spain.
The note also repeats the offer of the
Spanish Government to submit the
Maine question to experts designated
by the maritime powers of the world.
This document was the official noti- j
fication of the Spanish Government to |
the United States of the granting of !
an armistice and its essential terms.
"Minister Woodford's dispatch last
night had briefly stated the fact that
an armistice had been agreed upon,
but it was not communicated as com
ing from the Spanish Government. To
day's communication cleared up mis
apprehension on the most vital point i
of Spain's conditions.
The note was received by the State j
Department after the first Cabinet ,
meeting and was one of the main sub- :
jects of consideration at the second |
Cabinet meeting held to-night. Al- |
though the Spanish note was surrund
ed with the usual secrecy of official ne
gotiations, the following summary of
Its corttents was secured:
The Spanish Minister in Washington is
deeply impressed by the numerous errors
which seem to have obtained credit in
public opinion in America in regard to
the Cuban Question, and considers it his
duty to call again the attention of the
Secretary of the State of the United
States to the following points:
First— Her Majesty, the Queen Regent
of Spain, desirous of ending the troubles
which are desolating Cuba, has com
manded a suspension of hostilities. Gen
eral Blanco has been ordered to proclaim
to-day an armistice without conditions.
He will determine later the duration and
details of this armistice, so as to carry
out the generous intentions of her Majes
ty and the wishes of the friends of peace.
Second— Her Majesty has granted to the
island of Cuba institutions as liberal as
those enjoyed by Canada under the Brit
ish flag. The Cuban Chamber will meet
on the 4th of next May. It will be their
duty and privilege to put into practice
and develop these Institutions. In addi
tion to this, Cuba is represented in the
Parliament at Madrid.
Third— Public opinion in this country
appears to ignore the fact that the loss
of the Maine was immediately followed
by official and reiterated expressions of
condolence from Her Majesty the Queen
from her Government, from her charge !
d'affaires In Washington and from the
authorities in Havana; all of which tend
ed to affirm the horror which this disas
ter has caused to arise in Spanish hearts
as also the sympathy felt for the United
.States Government and navy and for the
American nation. The Spanish Minister
feels confident he can count upon the
courtesy and sense of justice of the Unit
ed States Government to enlighten the
public opinion on the subject.
Fourth— As to the cause of this lament
able disaster, it resolves itself into a
question of facts which can only be set
tled by material proofs. The Spanish
Minister reiterates the assurance that his
Government Is ready to submit the ques
tion to experts designated by the mari
time powers, whose conclusions are in
advance accepted.
Senor Polo y Bernabe delivered the
document in person to the State De
partment, and aside from the interest
in the communication itself, the call
has added interest as an evidence of re
newal of diplomatic negotiations this
being his first call at the department
in ten days. Later Senor Dubosc first
secretary of legation, made another call
at the department on the same general
subject. Besides delivering the note,
the call permitted a personal exchange
between the Secretary and State and
the Spanish officials of an agreeable
character.
WHISTLED AT
AND INSULTED
But General Lee Is Anxious to Be
turn and Make Spaniards Change
Their Tune.
Copyrighted. IS9B. by Jameß Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST. Fla.. April io.— General
Lee was so indignant at the conduct of
the crowds who watched the departure
of the refugees from Havana that he
wrote this note to be sent by the pilot
to General Blanco:
"You have broken every promise
made me. We have been whistled at
and insulted as we go. We will re
turn and your whistle will be that of
another tune."
General Lee tore this note up, how
ever, and as the pilot was leaving he
turned to him and gave him a verbal
message for Blanco. Beneath the
shadow of Morro some one brought a
bottle of champagne and glasses, and
General Lee gave this toast, "Here's
to the officers and men of thje Maine,
who were blown up by a Spanish mine."
In responding, Mr. Ackers, an Eng
lish subject, said:
"May fifty guns speak for each of
the Maine's dead, and may each gun
mean fifty Spaniards' lives."
I asked General Lee if his toast
was significant. He replied, "It is sig
nificant only as I speak from the heart,
not from the head."
"Is it true," I asked him. that yoi*,
have evidence showing Spanish impli
cation in the blowing up of the Maine?
"I have a report to make on the
Maine," he answered, "which will be in
the President's hands on Tuesday, but I
have no evidence." t
General Lee again denied in Key
West that he had any positive evidence
to add to what the court of inquiry had
reported. Speaking to me about pos
sible hostilities. General Lee said: -I
believe it is my duty that I should be al
lowed to lead the first division on Ha
vana. If I do. please say in the Her
ald for me that I know how to take a
city."
General Lee displayed a letter from
Algernon Sartoris, grandson of General
Grant, in which he said he wrote to him
as a grandson of the great commander
on the Northern side to ask one of the
leaders on the Southern side to permit
him in case he headed an invasion of
Cuba to serve on his staff. Mr. Sar
toris added that he was 21 years old and
sound* and presented the compliments
of his mother and grandmother.
OVATION TO LEE
AT KEY WEST.
Friends Hope He Will Soon Return
to Cuba at the. Head of
a Division.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 10.— Consul- I**1 **
General Lee's orders from Washington
came soon. They were that h should
take the Olivette, which was in waiting,
and proceed to Port Tampa, v-iere he
would find special transportation which
would take him to Washington. After
breakfasting on the Fern with several
naval officers, General Lee went ashore.
The whole town turned out to meet
him. He avoided a display as much as
possible, however, remaining most of
the time at the naval station with Cap
tain Forsythe, the commandant, and
Captain Cowles of the Fern.
General Lee expressed gratification
that the exodus from Cuba had been
! made without serious mishap. He also
voiced a hope that there might be no
longer a delay on the part of the United
States in settling the Cuban question.
Questions involving criticism of Presi
dent McKinley were put to the consul
general, but he declined to be en
trapped, saying he had no intention of
j discussing the political matters of his
j superior, who was doing well. Delega
| tions of Cubans met at the postofflce
j and addressed a memorial to General
I Lee, thanking him for his courage and
firmness, which hac. saved so many of
their friends from death, and compli
menting him upon the administration
of his difficult office.
In the meantime, returned Americana
and Cuban refugees were swarming
through the hotel corridors rejoicing
j that they were once again on American
j soil and beneath the stars and stripes.
| Nearly every one had friends in Key ,
i West. The landing was really a home j
■, coming. Nearly all the refugees had
j money enough for their immediate
I wants. They were all bitter against
■ Spain and expressed the intention of
i returning to Cuba as soon as Spain was
I driven out. Most of them thought Ha
y.ana would be capitulating about next
Wednesday.
General Lee went aboard the Olivette
j by launch from the naval station at
| half-past 12 o'clock, and the steamer
I sailed for Tampa, most of the refugees
j from Cuba also going to Tampa. Drs.
I Bruno and Dudley of the Marine Hos
i pital Service were ordered to Tampa to
■ await instructions. Vice-Consul Spring
:er was given leave of absence. Mem
j bers of the staff of the Havana consul
i ate were told to remain in Key West.
I The last thing said to Lee as he em
j barked was by an olc* friend, who re-
I marked: "General, I hope you will be
leading a division against Havana be
fore the week is out." To this Consul-
General Lee made no reply.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushing
of Heat, Loss of Appocito. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDEfIFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com- —
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARCEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores,
YOUR EASTER SHIRT,
collar or cuff should be as immac-
ulate in their color as Easter lilies.
We will guarantee that they will
vie with them in snowy whiteness,
anti perfection of finish, if they ar«
done up at the United States Laun-
dry. If you don't care to buy a
new set of linen, let us launder it;
you will be pleased at the result.
Office, 1004 Market street
Toienhone South 420.MARCHED FROM ARCTIC
WILDS TO GOLDEN GATE
A DARING FEAT.
Mate Tilton's Great Trip
Through Four Thousand
Miles of Storm.
Fears that Fifth Mate Walker
of the Orca and Guides
Have Perished in
a Blizzard.
One of the most marvelous trips ever '
made by any man in any age was that
Just completed by Third Mate Tilton of
the steam whaler Belvedere, who ar
rived in San Francisco yesterday morn-
Ing, after a perilous march of nearly
4"'"t miles through the forbidding wilds
df tlio Arctic. His first account of the
horrors of life at Point Barrow ap
usiv<-iy as a special dispatch
Portland in The Call of Saturday.
The journey just completed by the in
\l lorer, who was dispatched by
tii,. v officers of the Arctic
it Point Barrow, stands
In h:st. ■!•>■- No other traveler has
ever made such a tour, practically
alone, through the boreal regions where
starvation exists ami Arctic storms
rage with unabated fury.
The traveler brings the important
news that Fifth Mate Walker of the
steam whaler < 'rca started for civiliza
tion the same day that the Tilton cx
ii put f"i-th I'm- St. Michael. The
fact that Walker has not been heard
from anywhere along the line leads to
the fear that he has perished in some !
of tlie fierce storms that characterize
the entire region he sought to traverse. ,
\ ■■■■ rdlng to calculations that were
made by those familiar with the coun
try Walker ought to have reached his
nation at least three weeks sooner
than Tilton got to Portland. As there
are a great many chances of disaster,
some of which the Tilton party narrow
ly missed, it is th fear of Mate Tilton
that his comrade will never be heard of
.':;.-: I In.
The simplest scrount of the trip by
s and dotes through snow and ice
MR. TICKEY and His Good Wi'e, Kauyoana, Who Accompanied
Courier Tilton From the Regions of Polar Snow.
reads like the pages of romance. Every
foot of the lonely march was beset with
almost insurmountable obstacles, but it
was made in a little more than five
months, and the man who made it stood
in The call office yesterday and told of
th^ trip. He is as fine a specimen of
rugged manhood as one will find in a
year's voyage, a native of Marthas
Vineyard, Massachusetts.
Mate Tilton and two Indian guides
arrived from Portland on the State of
California yesterday morning, having
been accompanied a long part of the
vay by 1\ Koltchoff, the Government
guide, a trained explorer, who rendered
valuable services to the man dispatched
to civilization by the starving whalers.
"No other man ever made the trip by
land in the dead of winter," said the
mate yesterday, "and there is not
money enough in the world to indu'-e
try the awful journey again. The
• y of it is enough for a life time."
To properly i d the horrors
• f the t rip it is but noc
recall the faei that the trav
md his Indian guides often ton ■ d
way through a country never be
fore •. ted by white men, meeting
thai Bed when they saw the
strange caravan approach and try In
vain to converse with Indians whose
language was new and unknown to the
guM'-s from the desolate regions fur
ther n Mi. to remember that dark can
had to be crossed, mountains
climbed, rivers forded and rapids shot
without a thought i >f fear: and that
there were times when th^ pilgrims had
to hide behind mountains for days to
avoid death in theroaring blizzards that
filled the air with line snow, driven by
polar hurricanes that almost blew men
from their feet; that the trip was often
made by such zig-zag marches that a
day's travel brought the couriers but
four or five miles toward their destl
nation, and that over It all hovered the
dread danger of starvation and a loss
irf all bearings in a region as wild as
was ever made by forbidding land
scapes, frigid days and nights of wild
est storm.
It is a story of bravery', diplomacy,
g l generalship, skillful husbanding
of scanty resources — and good luck.
Sometimes starvation was so close that
Tilton had to kill some of his faithful
dogs and use them as food for the oth
ers. Sometimes his matches were so
wet and worthless that he had to use
flint stones to .light bunches of coal-oil
saturated "waste" that he carried in
lieu of luoifers. Often there was no
snow with which to build a humble
roof-tree, and amid such misfortune it
was a struggle to sleep in such a way
as to avoid freezing to death. Over it
all hovered the cold stars and the won
derful Aurora Borealis, nightly visitors
in the dread waste of Arctic silence and
desolation.
< >n the way down the party encoun
tered a band of natives that nursed a
bitter feeling against all whites, a tribe
in whose bosom slumbered the fires of
a fierce vendetta against Anglo-Saxons,
because some of their ancestors had
been killed by whalers nearly twenty
years ago. As the little band of mes
sengers passed this habitation they
learned the particulars of the murder
of a white prospector who was shot by
a native to avenge the killing of his
father.
At another point along the march two
members of a band of Indian "moon
shiners" who conducted illicit distil
leries in the frozen north, waylaid and
murdered a native who was trying to
make a record as a revenue agent, by
carrying out the instructions of the
commander of a revenue cutter. Such
things as these were incidents of a
marvelous trip, every part of which
was not only beset with strange diffl-
culties that were overcome, but which
was rich in events of human interest.
In some of the wild regions which
| the travelers crossed they found evi
dences of great mineral wealth, the
quartz being rich and plentiful. One
! night while digging down into the snow
I along the banks of the Yukon, Mate
i Tilton found plenty of rich coal, some
! of which he dug up and used for fuel.
j He took observations and noted the lo
j cation of this and other interesting
points on tho march for future refer
' ence, for he believes there is a vast coal
i fieM along the Yukon.
The story of this wonderful trip is
best told by the man who made it. By
frequent reference to his notebook the
traveler yesterday detailed the more
important points of the narrative as
follows:
"You should understand that T start
ed from Point Barrow on the 21st of
< (ctribr-r, having been selected at a
1 meeting of officers of the ice-bound
i whalers on the 18th. They had called
for volunteers to carry the news to civ
ilization, and I was one of the voiun
| teen* and was chosen to make the
southern trip. Fifth Mate Charles H.
; Walkor of the steam whaler Orca
■i was to go home by way of the
'■■ Mackenzie River and I started by way
i"f St. Michael. According to the esti
, mates made by those familiar with the
situation it was thought that Walker
ought tb got to New Bedford three weeks
\ before I could make it to Portland, but
lie has not yet been heard from and T
I begin to fear he may have perished
during the journey.
"Walker intended to go from Point
Barrow to Herschel Island, then to the
Mackenzie River, then up the river to
Fort McPherson, and from there over
the old trail.
"Walker intended to stop at the Wan
dorer, fast in the ice off Baxter Island.
After consulting the officers of the
Wanderer he Intended to go to H<»r
schel Island, where other vessels of the
I fleet lie. From here he intended to go
THi5 SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
THIRD MATE GEORGE R TILTON of the Steam Whaler Belvedere, When
He Arrived at St. Michael With His Native Guides.
up the Mackenzie River one hundred
miles, when his route \ ould turn to the
westward, reaching Fort McPherson,
->n the Red River. Here he would prob
ably gain the first intelligence of the
g:old strike on the Klondike. Some
twenty-five miles to the westward he
would reach La Pierre's house. At this
point his routes were open to him, one
leading down the Porcupine River to
Fort Yukon, thence along the Yu
kon River to Circle City and Dawson.
The other route would lead him in al
most a direct line toward the coast,
crossing the Yukon at Fort Cudany.
striking the headwaters of the Coffee
River and bringing him to Orca, a trad
ing post and canning establishment
controlled by the Arctic Oil Company.
By a reference to the map accompany
ing this article the two- routes will
plainly appear.
"I started witl. two Indian guides,
but they were so badly frozen that they
could not make the entire trip. I had
to drop them at Point Hope
and get others, two of whom,
Tickey and his wife Kauyoana,
are with me here. I have traveled as
long as twenty-seven days at a time
with no other company than these In
dians, and I did not know their lan
guage when we started, so I had to
draw pictures in the snow to let them
know what I meant. I have learned
their language pretty well now, how
ever, and I am explaining to them the
wonders of cities, elevators in tall
buildings, and trains of cars, which
they think are houses moving by the
aid of strange ghosts.
One of the strange features of the
Journey concerns Mrs. Tickey, the loss
of whose pipe led to the meeting with
Lieutenant Jarvls. On January 3 the
mate and his guides started early and
had traveled nearly five miles when
they missed Mrs. Tickey. She had lost
her pipe and gone back after it. Soon
after this it was noticed that two men
were running toward the party, waving
their hats and throwing their hands up
as if to ask for an interview. They were
Lieutenant Jarvis and Dr. Call, who
would have been missed but for the fact
that Mrs. Tickey loved her pipe so well
that she forsook the party to reclaim it.
Those who saw Mrs. Tickey yesterday
as she wandered through the parks of
the city, or hurried along the streets
gazing with open-mouthed wonder
upon city scenes, could not overlook the
fact that she carried her pipe in a
buckskin sack.
"Well, I should state that there was
a great deal of dissatisfaction among
the men when we left Point Barrow.
If Lieutenant Jarvis gets through all
right he will be welcomed to take
charge, as things need direction. When
I left they were hauling fuel 20 miles
with a sled, and provisions were so
short that there was already some
wrangling over their distribution."
When Mate Tilton met Lieutenant
Jarvis the latter had 2000 miles ahead
of him before he could reach Point
Barrow. It was his intention to go to
Port Clarence, which is a reindeer
station, and try to drive 300 reindeer to
the men threatened with starvation un
less relief comes by July. Lieutenant
Berthof has taken a band of Lap
landers and natives to help him drive
the reindeer to Point Barrow,
Consulting his notebook again and
again the man who achieved th* won
derful feat of making a voyage that
most men pronounced impossible, said:
"Do not ask me for dates, for I was
too busy trying to keep alive and make
the Journey to try to keep run of the
days. I tried it once and found that I
had lost two or three days, so I gave it
up. But I will stick to it that we left
Point Barrow on the 21st of October;
and that we have figured out that we
made an average of about twenty miles
a day. It Is hard to say how many
hours we traveled daily, for sometimes
we had to lay up all day and take ad
vantage of the good weather of the
night, and at other times we could run
for eight or ten hours. Sometimes the
storm raged so at our backs that we
had to rope ourselves together to keep
from being lost and separated from one
another. Blizzards raged at our backs
that we could never have faced.
"The first thing of note that occurred
after we left Point Barrow was at
Point Hope station, where there was
some serious trouble among the natives,
which resulted in the murder of one of
them who was acting as a revenue
agent for the United States.
"I was within fifty feet of the mur
der. The dead man's name was Wa
shock, and he was formerly an inter
preter on the Bear. As I passed a
point within fifty feet of the assassi
nation I saw two natives firing as fast
as they could at Washock. who fell at
once. After he fell one of his mur
derers ran up to him and shot him in
the head, although he was already
dead. I had my rifle loaded and could
have killed the murderers, but it was
not within my Jurisdiction, and it would
have been bad policy anyhow, for the
natives would probably have taken re
venge by murdering some white men.
"The man they murdered was carry
ing out some of Captain Tuttle's orders '
about breaking up illicit distillieries, i
and this was resented by the distillers i
and their friends. The murderers lay i
in wait for their victim until he and
his wife returned on a dog sled with a I
load of wood. :
"Another murder, which was without
I any direct provocation, took place on
1 one of the rivers running into Kotzebue
Sound a short time before we were
! there. A white man named Boyad, '
'■ who had been fitted out by Captain
; Nelson of the Liebes whaling station at
! Point Hope, was murdered by a mali
cious native whose father was killed in j
18S0. Boyad was on his way up the river
where he intended to prospect for gold.
' On his way up there he stopped at a
native village and hired two natives as
i guides. One of them was £rom Cape
i Prince of Wales, and it seems that his
1 father had been killed in the Captain
Gllly massacre 17 years ago, during
the progress of a riot in which the na
tives were trying to capture a whaling;
I brig. The young man's father was one
' of fourteen who were shot and thrown
overboard during the fight. Though
the murderer of Boyad was a babe
when his father was killed he has been
threatening ever since he grew up that
he would kill a white man to avenge
his father's death.
"A few weeks before the murder of
Boyad the murderer tried hard to get
a shot at a white man on a schooner.
Failing in this he hired out to Boyad.
The story of the murder was told by
the other native, who accompanied
murderer and murdered on the voyage.
From his narrative it appears that
Boyad saw the murderer loading his
rifle and asked him what he was doing
" "To shoot a seal." was the reply.
" 'There is no seal here,' taid the
tourist.
" 'Y^s, there is one,' said the native.
"So Boyad turned his head to look
in the direction indicated, whereupon
the native shot him, and threatened to ,
shoot his companion unless the latter
promised not to tell how the killing oc
curred.
"The murderer made his way to Cape
Blossom, where a mission was started
last year, told the missionary that he had
not been paid for his services because
Boyad accidentally shot himself, and
was therefore paid by the missionary
for his services. Later the other native
told the truth. I used some of Boyad's j
provisions on my way down and car- j
ried a sack of Hour stained by his j
blood. If I could have found the na
tive who committed the munler I would
have shot him. This is the way they
administer law up there. Soon after
this I found some natives «who lived at
Cape Princo of Wales. They were go
ing to kill the murderer, but I warned
them not to do so, but to turn him over
to the Bear and let the law have its
course. There are many more natives
there who have the same sort of griev
ance, and the case ought to be made an
example to deter others from similar
crimes against white men. I find that
the bitterest natives are said to be
those who have grown to manhood
since their pirate fathers were shot.
"After leaving this part of the deso
late region which we traversed we
found nothing very startling until we
got to within fifteen miles of St. Mi
chael, where we found the steamer
Alice lying in the ice. After leaving the
Alice we went up the Yukon River.
This was a very bad trip, the cold be
ing about forty degrees below zero
most of the time.
"One night we camped out under a
drilling tent, as there was no snow. On
January 25 we came upon the steamer
Mare Island, and a ball was given in
my honor. There were only two or
three ladies aboard, but some of the
men tied handkerchiefs around their
arms to designate that they were play
ing female parts, and we danced until
nearly morning. By the way, there
was nothing to drink, and nothing is
needed, for there is nothing that will
finish a man quicker in that cold re
gion than drink. A drinking man in
an Arctic climate has no chance. The
best drink is tea or a few drops of
tabasco sauce in a glass of water. It
is wonderful how warm that stuff will
keep one. Coffee is good, but tea is
"Well, as we went on our mail pouch
began to - W heavier, so that when I
arrived in Portland T had a hundred
pounds. I started with about twenty
pounds from Point Barrow, but picked
up letters here and there through all
the Alaska country.
"At various points on the march I had
to rob the native caches of their food,
hut I always left some ammunition to
pay for the grub I took, which is a
custom of the country. Well, after we
left the Mare Island we began the peril
ous trip southward. We had a hard
trip of 320 miles to the town of An
droska. We h. 1 orders on the Alaska
Commercial Company's stores there to
refit us for .the trip. They furnished us
fresh dogs and -ortage to the Kusku
cuim River, 180 miles away. We had
an awful Journey over the mountains.
The snow and ice cut the dogs' feet
terribly so that they froze, and many
nf them had to be shot and fed to the
others.
"At Kuskucuim we found a merchant
named Lind, on whom we had orders
from the Alaska Commercial Company.
He did not belong to the company, as
we soon found, for he wanted the ex
tortionate Bum of $1000 for a dog team,
seeing that mine were nearly gone. I
:ould not give such a sum, so I reported
to Rev. Kilbuck at the mission. He
was a fine man in every way. He gave
me thirteen dogs and fitted me out so
I could get to the next mission, and
was kind enough to travel 350 miles
with me on the way. At this mission
we found ourselves Just in time to at
tend the weddin°- of Rev. Mr. Rock
and Miss King, the school teacher. This
was called the tission of Nushigac.
"When we got to the Taoack River
our Government guide, F. Koltchoff,
knew the country, we started for
Nushigac and arrrived there about the
22d of February. We went to Rev.
Schoeckart's mission, where he fitted us
out with new dogs, after which he ac
companied me as far as Katmy, 400
miles away. On this march the
weather was very bad and the labor of
getting through with our provisions and
a hundred pounds of mail was very dif
ficult. For three days we had to take
refuge behind the mountains to avoid
a blizzard, and when we came out it
was snowing severely, but we had to
press on, because food was being con
sumed pretty fast. We remained in
Katmy four days on account of the
storm, loading up pretty well with pro
visions from the Alaska Commercial
Company's stores.
"Then I think I did the most danger
ous thing that ever a man undertook
in a sane- moment. I took an old scow
shaped Alaskan dory, renailed it, and
shot across the Shelikof Straits, a dan
gerous place where many boats have
heen dashed to pieces by the fury of the
waves and the treacherous character
of the surroundings. It was the most
startling trip I ever took or ever want
to take. A thick fog came up before
we got across, and I had to steer by
studying the movement of the water.
We get across and camped by 9 o'clock
that night, well satisfied that we had
performed wonders.
"We were well on the way toward the
end of our journey now, and were glad
to see a prospect of rest. For months
we had be<rn going up canyons, away
around inlets and doubling back and
around to avoid mountains, and it
seemed glorious to be in sight of the
goal. The next day we continued down
to Kadiac, and the second day arrived
at St. Paul, on Kadiac Island. There
the Alaska Commercial Company char
tered a schooner for $1200 to take us to
the island of Orca, but we came upon
the steamer Albion to which we were
transferred, and by which we were
brought to Portland. It was a great
rest to get away from the terrors we
had been fighting so long. Night after
night we had been sleeping in snow
houses which got so warm and suffo
cating sometimes that we had to dig
through them to keep from smothering,
and now we are at leisure, so that all
our faces got well. When we arrived at
St. Michael we were bleeding from the
cold as much aR if we had been cut in
the face with knives. At Portland we
were treated elegantly by the Alaska-
Yukon Transportation Company, which
i saw to our passage. Lewis, Anderson
& Co., however, showed us no mercy
I whatever. They would not recognize
i a telegram from their own house in
i San Francisco, asking them 'to treat
us right."
One of the most Interesting souvenirs
of the entire trip is the bunch of letters
; from various vessels which Mate Tilton
! and guides met on the Yukon. Each
! boat gave him a few sheets of paper
: containing a record of the passengers
aboard, together with data concerning
I the whereabouts of the craft.
The following is a copy of the records
he brought with him, showing many
names of persons well known In San
Francisco and throughout the country:
NONAVAK OR KENNEDY RIVER,
January 25, IS9S.
This river flows Into the Yukon River
fifty milos up from the mouth.
The following is a list of the passengers
and crews of the Elizabeth Anderson,
hulk Politkofsky steamer W. R. Merwln
and schooner W. J. Bryan, bound to the
gold fields of Alaska:
G. Mulligan. Jne Baker, O. Fingley,
Fred Oberg. Peter Pederson. Astoria, Or.;
Mrs. E. Carr, Mrs. J. Higgins, A. A. Carr,
Seattle. Wash.: Judge Hiram Robbins,
Little Rock. Ark.: Dr. W. C. Bowers,
Louisville, Ky.: William Moody, William
Beerwart, Evansville, Ind.; John How
ell, M. L. Weiss, Joe Kestle, H. B. Por
i ter Denver. Colo.: Scott Hannan,
Charles Range. Con Seems. Murray,
Idaho; J. L. George. Louisville Ky.; J.
W. Snyder. Lake Tapps, Wash.: George
Mills. South Prairie, Wash.; J. W. Stew
art. A. F. Rowell. Marysville. Wash.;
Allen Tucker. Archie Heath, William H.
Esworthy, Port Blakeley, Wash.; Fred
N. Havener, Waltham, Mass.; Thomas
Edwards. Schamokin, Pa.; J. E. Service,
Lebanon Ind.; George H. Denvin, Lewis
i ter, Mass.; E. H. Hunt, Asheville. N. C. :
ARCTIC CRIMES.
Some Strange Murders
Discovered During the
Dread Journey.
A Village Where Natives Nurse
a Grudge Equal to a Ven
detta Against All
White Men.
Thomas Busman, New York City; J. S.
Patee, St. Joe, Mo.; Thomas Deverant,
Los Angeles, Cal.; William Kartell. New
York City; E. Henyan, Hotetein. Iowa;
W. E. Williams. Renton, Wash.; William
Francis, Coronado, Wash.; Captain Rob
ert Thomas, Black Diamond, Wash.; J.
E. Mclrwin, Shoshone, Idaho.
J. A. Dwyer. San Francisco, Cal.: W. 11.
Weldon, Eddy, N. M.; C. H. Schneider,
Celino, O.; Robert O'Shca, New York
City; Pat Kearns, Harry Lewis, Chris
Keenan, Butte, Mont.: W. H. Borcnard,
William Schiebert, Buffalo, N. V.; Janus
Buchanan, Asheville, N. <".; Henry
Sehumber, T. H. Simmons, Thomas Mul
lany, Isaquah, Wash.; William Clifton.
Hefena, Mont.; David La Blau. Montreal,
Canada; William Tedford, Seattle, Wash.;
J. C. Brown. Louisville, Kv. : William
Carrington, Circle City: P. Connelly, La
Crosse., Kan.; W. C. Cromwell, Jackson, ■
Mich.; R. Hansen, Seattle, Wash.; Wil
liam Jackson, Butte, Mont.; W. B. John
ston, New York City; P. F. Kenney. As
toria. Or.; Sam Kirk and wife, Seattle,
Wash.; John Lawrence. Port Blakeley,
Wash.; John "Long. Butte, Mont.; Alex
McDonaJd, Jackson, Mich.; V. F. Maid
hoff. New York City; Peter Maurin.
Butte, Mont.; J. W. Moore, Seattle,
Wash.; J. E. Phillips, New York; C. W.
Taylor, Port Blakeley, Wash.; E. M. Van
Note, New York; E. Kager and wife,
Victor, Colo.: John McGilvray, Denver,
Colo.; George Hesgin, New York; C. Car
son, A. R. Benson. Baltimore.. Md.: Mat
sell, Canada: Thomas Kennedy. Seattle;
Arthur Jordan, San Francisco, Cal.; Paul I
Stein, Chicago, 111.; Pat McCarty. Beat tie,
Wash.; Captain George Paul, Port Blake
ley, Wash.
Crew of the steamer W. K. Merwin—
D. K. Howard, manager; Thomas Lyle,
captain; Arthur Leighton, first officer;
THIRD MATE GEORCE F. TILTON of the Steam Whaler
Belvedere, Who Marched Four Thousand Miles Through
Arctic Storms.
William Boyden. chief engineer; James
R. McGovern. second engineer; Clarence
Breeding, fireman; William Rlngling, A.
Anderson, William Hinkley. William Rob
erts. A. F. Btiwen. Marshall Arm
strong, sailors: (Jharles Slaughter, stew
ard; Harry Devine, cook; Thomas Shan
ley, baker: C. A. Sherbourne. James Ho
gan, Tiesco Wiedemann, pantry boys;
Paul Roder. cook; John Trigg. porter;
Denny Howard, foreman; Mike McGulre,
waiter; Nicol Browne, cook; Frank
Patterson, waiter; Captain James New
gent, passenger. Seattle. •
Officers of the river steamer Alice Ken
nedy, Alaska— James D. Kennedy, cap
tain; Robert Peterson, mate; Rudolph
Hansson. chief engineer: Michael Dowd,
purser: Edwin Dolliver. steward.
Passenger on the Mervin— Judge Hiram
Roberts of Arkansas is one of the pas
sengers of the ill-fated and abandoned
Eliza Anderson, who endeavored to reach
the Golconda of Alaska. He sends his
regards to Senator J. K. Jones and Con
gressman W. L. Lowrv and his Darticular
friend, Daniel W. Jones, Governor of th«
State of Arkansas.
Crew and passengers of the steamer
Thomas Dwyer, Yukon River, January
23, IS9S— Robert N. Anderson, master;
John Gaven, mate; Jerome C. Woolf, pur
ser; George Way. chief engineer. Pas
sengers—William Pike, Arizona; L. Loe
wenhertz. S. Kramer, San Francisco; D.
L. Filer, B. L. Allen, San Jose; William
H. Robertson, San Francisco; Charles
Johnson, Tucson; J. F. Murphy, San
Francisco; 11. D. Bailey. Camanche, Cal.;
Max Limel, Robertson Chamberlain,
Washington; P. W. Judkins, Maine; F.
A. Wen, Pacific Grove, Cal.; W. H.
Davis. San Jose; W. B. Kirk. H. Woeb
ber, San Francisco; T. V. Marling, Ari
zona. ..::< ■-';■-..•
Winter Headquarters, Kennedys River,
Alaska— At a special meeting of the Bo
hemian Club held at the "Roost" on Jan
uary 24, 1898, it was resolved; ,/-'„';
That we. the members of the club, extend
to Mr. Tilton, who is our guest, and we
request him to kindly embody in his pri
vate log the sentiments as expressed be
low. '■;■■:?■•'-'
We view with pleasure and admire the
pluck and determination that Mr. Tilton
has shown in undertaking such a journey
as the one he is now engaged in, namely,
a mission of mercy, hoping by its accom
plishment to be able to fully enlighten tba
civilized world of the suffering and dis
aster that have befallen our countrymen
in the icy regions of the Arctic Ocean.
This journey is the first of its kind that
has been so successfully ended, starting
from Point Barrow and ending at KadlaJt.
We are all aware of the fact that heroes
have before now presented deeds of brav
ery, but we firmly believe this instance,
where one man undertakes such a long
journey accompanied only by two Indiana,
a man and wife, pales, we think, into in
significance any fiats of this kind before
undertaken, and the people of our country
should, and we hope they will, treat this
luro of the frozen north, who undertakes
such a perilous journey in the interests of
humanity, with that liberality which our
citizens are noted for the world over.
(Signed.) MRS. S. C. KIRK. Lady Preu.
ROBERT W. ANDERSON,
S. C. KIRK,
It. PETERSEN,
M. W. MOODY,
THOMAS LYLE.
Found Dead in Bed.
E. S. Jacoby, a glove manufacturer at
308 Market street, was found dead in hi 9
hod at 2734 Pine street, where he roomed
! with J. A. Salts.
The deceased was well known among
! the business people of the city. He was
i aged 2S years and unmarried. Apoplexy
is supposed to have caused his death. His
I father resides at Mill Valley.
34
DELAY IS
SPAIN'S
NEW PLAN
Now Playing Her Last Dip=
lomatic Card to Pre=
vent War.
But the President Will To=Day
Send His Message to Con=
gress Favoring Forci=
ble Intervention.
NEW YORK, April 10.— The
Herald's Washington correspon
dent sends the following: Si
multaneously with the promul
gation of the Queen's decree
granting an armistice as sug
gested in the note of the United
States on March 29 last and
urged by the powers and the
Pope, comes an appeal from the
Madrid Government for reopen
ing negotiations with a view
of a peaceful settlement of the
general Cuban question, and all
points of difference between the
United States and Spain. Mani
festly, Spain is playing her last
diplomatic card to avert war
with the United States.
It is now a desperate move through
the medium of diplomacy for peace.
Will it succeed? The verdict certainly
ought to come this week. It has been
promised often before, but it looks now
as if the real crisis was at hand. On
the verge of action by the President,
Spain has assumed a new attitude,
■which has materially complicated the
situation, and has caused great embar
rassment to the Administration.
N'u one can tell what the outcome will
be. The President has not altered his
determination to send his message to
Congress favoring forcible intervention
as the only means of ending the war
and establishing peace and order in
Cuba. The only change, I am told,
■which will be made in the message,
which has already been accurately out
lined in the Herald, is the addition of
recent developments concerning the is
suance of the Queen's decree proclaim
ing an armistice, and the new proposi
tion made by Minister de Bernabe to
day for a settlement of the trouble
some question. These additions will be
made to the message without comment.
They will be referred to as important,
but it will l>e left to Congress to decide
as to whether it will immediately adopt
the recommendation* of the President
for armed intervention or to delay ac
tion until it is seen whether or not the
Cubans accept the request of Spain for
an armistice.
The administration authorities are
not unwilling that Congress should
delay final action for a few days, until
it is seen what effect the yueen's proc
lamation may have upon the insur
gents. No statement to this effect,
however, will be made in the message.
The President makes it clear that he
wants authority to forcibly intervene;
that such intervention is solely far the
purpose of maintaining law and order
until a. satisfactory form of govern
ment can be organized and that there
la no intention of recognizing the in
dependence of a new government until
there is a stable government to recog
nize. There is little doubt that Spain's
latest proposition will complicate mat
ters in Congress, as it has embarrassed
the administration. The Indications
to-night are that it will tend to pro
voke discussion and thereby delay ac
tion.
Much will depend upon the naval
and military movements of Spain. If
her torpedo flotilla continues to move
in this direction there is likely to be
action at once in the line of the Presi
dent's recommendations. If, on the
other hand, Spain keeps her vessels
where they are now, and shows that
she is really sincere in the determina
tion to arrange terms of peace satis
factory to the United States, the con
servative element in Congress, partic
ularly the peace-at-any-price men,
may be able to stave off action for
some days. And herein lies the possi
bility of renewed negotiations ending
in a peaceful outcome.
The peace men will exert every ef
fort to secure delay. It is not likely
that Spain's new proposition will be
any more satisfactory to Congress than
to the President, but it may cause de
lay with tho legislative branch which
it did not with tho executive. But even
if <"ongress should act at once on the
President's intervention plan, the au
thorities consider that Spain may yet
be forced to yield to all our demands
without the plans being put into effect.
The resolution which the President
wants Congress to pass is to authorize
and direct the President to use the mil
itary and naval forces, if necessary, to
end the war. It is not assumed that
Congress will name a date on which
the President is to act, BO that it will
still be discretionary with him as to
the time of putting the act into force.
"With Congress and the executive
united in favor of forcible intervention,
Spain will then have the alternative of
abandoning the island or being forced
to do so.
Concerning the developments of the
day, a member of the Cabinet made
this official statement to me to-night
after the last of the two Cabinet meet
ings held to-day:
"The President invited the Cabinet to
come to the White House to-night to
read over the message in Its completed
form. There is no change in the tone
• or character of the message, and to
day's developments will have no mate
rial effect upon the policy of the ad
ministration or attitude of the country
toward Spain. There were several ver
bal amendments here and there, such
as changing an adjective or an expres
sion, but the modifications or amend
ments do not alter the general scope
of the message nor detract from its
force in the slightest particular. The
President made no change in his rec
ommendation that this Government
should intervene and end the insuffer
able conditions which prevail In Cuba,
The United States will adhere to its
original proposition that the island of
Cuba must have a defllnlte form of
government and hostilities must cease.
Nothing short of the ultimate freedom
of Cuba from Spanish domination will
be acceptable to the United States.
DEMONSTRATIONS MADE
AGAINST THE GOVERNMENT
MADRID, April 10, via Paris. 11:30
p. m. — Demonstrations continued in fa
vor of the army and against the Gov
ernment. The demonstrators have vis
ited the Military Club and the offices of
the Liberal newspapers. There have
been numerous arrests, and many of
the demonstrators have been injured.
REASON TO BELIEVE
LEE WAS IN DANGER
Rumors in Havana of a Plot Against
the Consul-General's
Life.
HAVANA, April 10 (via Key West).—
Havana is guarded more closely than
ever, the Arolas battalion being posted
around the limits of Vidano, the swell
suburbs of the city. Within the last
two days a number of Cubans have
been arrested and are now confined in
the Cabanas fortress, charged with
serious offenses. Some say the prison
ers have been engaged in a plot to as
sassinate United States Consul-General
Lee, and others assert that they have
been acting as spies for the United
States Government. There is no doubt
that the Spanish Government is
alarmed more than it has ever been
before, and is taking every precaution.
There are reasons to believe that there
was a plot to kill General Lee, and
that it was allowed to come to a head
by the Spanish detectives in order that
they might get credit for defeating it.
All sorts of rumors were in cir
culation yesterday, and there was
no trouble whatever in finding
a dozen men to swear to its truth.
The real impression among newspaper
men was that General Lee"s with
drawal was a shrewd move intended
to show Spain that the United States
means business. In the palace tele
grams were shown saying the Queen
Regent had agreed upon the interven
tion of Russia, that Spain would accept
$2:.0.000.000 for Cuba, end the war and
withdraw her flag.
PRESS ARRAIGNS THE
MADRID MINISTRY
Angered Because the Government Is
Willing to Grant an
Armistice.
Copyrighted, issr. by James Oordnn Bennett.
MADRID, April 10.— Public opinion
is excited and divided, but the Govern
ment is pursuing the -vise policy of
giving out no information. At the la
teat hour the feeling is confident that
the first Spanish indignation will be
swept away by a wave of good sense
of the responsible element, and that the
next twenty-four hours will bring the
country around to the sentiment that
the Government has acted in the best
interests of Spain. There is to-day pre
vailing a spirit of despondency which
is only natural. "We wanted peace,"
say nine out of ten people, "but not
in that way," referring to the armis
tice.
Coupled with this there Is a widely
expressed sentiment that complications
will follow should the insurgents refuse
to accept the terms.
The astonishment has been immense
in Madrid, and the same will be the
sentiment of the country, to the de
! mands of General Woodford and the
solicitations of the Pope. The Ministry
has replied ever so many times that
never would a truce be granted except
on the request of the insurgents. The
jingo Imparcial is furious. It says that
against all its strongly expressed
I opinions lately the Government grants
a truce to the insurgents which they
do not ask. Violent articles in several
papers have caused their seizure.
SPANISH RABBLE
AT MADRID PARADES
MADRID, Apri 10.— A large crowd is
still parading the Puerta del Sol crying
"Long live Spain!" and "Long live the
army!" The civil Governor of Madrid
is among them, promenading up and
down and begging them to dispei-se
peacefully.
The crowd, relying upon the kind
heartedness of the Governor, ■whom the
population of Madrid adore, refuses to
disperse and is bent on visiting tli«
military club to make a demonstration
of sympathy. The authorities prohibit
the formation of groups in front of the
military club and in the vicinity of the
American legation. General Castelvl
was offered at the military' club a ban
ner to head the demonstration, but he
refused, alleging that the crowd was
composed of the dregs of the city. Sev
eral of the ringleaders have been ar
rested, the civil Governor threatening
to call out the civic guards if the crowd
does not disperse.
WILL DIRECT 1/I'KINLEY
TO END CUBAN WAR
NEW YORK, April 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: A con
ference of leading Republican and
Democratic Senators was held to-night
at the residence of Senator Allison to
discuss the form of resolution to be
adopted. Among the Senators present
were Messrs. Aldrlch, Spooner, Gor
man, Gray and Jones of Arkansas. Af
ter the conference broke up one of the
Senators told me that it had been de
cided that the resolution should be
substantially in these words:
"Resolved by the Senate and Hmue
of Representatives of the United States
in Congress. That the President be
and he is hereby empowered and di
rected to take such action as will bring
to an immediate termination hostilities
in Cuba and to establish a stable gov
ernment by and for the people of that
island, and that he is hereby empow
ered and directed to use the land and
naval forces of the United States if
necessary, to bring about that result"
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
VICE-CONSUL JOSEPH A. SPRINGER.
ARE RESTLESS
UNDER DELAY
Members of Congress Not
in Favor of an
Armistice.
Senators Talk of Disregarding
Further Peace Measures
of McKinley.
Strong Forces at Work to Prevent
an Open Revolt of Repub
licans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 10.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Congress is inclined to regard the Span
ish proposition for an armistice in Cuba
as merely another attempt on the part
of the Spanish to gain time. Senators
and Representatives with whom I have
talked to-day are almost unanimously
of the opinion that this latest move of
the Spanish Government is an effort to
again involve the United States in the
meshes of diplomacy, with the hope
that some arrangement may yet be ee- t
fected which will leave the Spanish flag
floating over Cuba,
There is much impatience in both
houses. Many Republicans talk of dis
regarding any recommendations foT
further delay that the President may
make, and acting also in the direction
of armed intervention. Few of them
are willing to talk on this line for pub
lication. They want to wait and see
what the President will say in his mes
sage to-morrow, and learn whether
the Spanish proposition looks to the
near and linal settlement of the Cuban
question, and the Maine affair as well.
No proposition will be acceptable to
Congress that does not provide for
some adequate reparation for the blcnv
ing up of the Maine.
Representative Wheeler of Alabama,
whose view of the situation is much
more conservative than that of most of
the members with whom. I talked, said
to me:
"The action of Spain in proposing an
armistice would seem to make consid
erable change in the situation. If the
Spanish Government proposes in good
faith to feed the starving Cubans, on
whose account we had proposed to in
tervene, and offers to grant an armis
tice, it seems to me that takes some of
the wind out c-f our sails as far as the
condition of the Cubans is concerned.
The Maine affair still remains, how
ever. If our Government takes the
stand that the ship was blown up by
Spanish officials, it would seem to me
that war must result from that. Unless
Spain punishes the perpetrators of that
outrage, we must punish Spain."
While none c-f the leaders in either
house of Congress is prepared to make
any positive prediction as to the course
to be pursued, in advance of the receipt
of the President's message to-morrow,
the mc-st of them take the ground that
Spain's latest proposition will have no
effect whatever upon the action of Con
gress. I have talked with Republican
members of the House Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and find that a con
siderable majority of them are in favor
c-f immediate action, and one of them
expressed the conviction that an inter
vention resolution would pass the
House not later than Tuesday evening.
The sentiment in the Senate Commit
tee on Foreign Relations in favor of
acting in disregard of Spain's procla
mations is, if anything, stronger than
in the House committee. Senator For
aker, one of the members on this com
mittee, said he did not believe the prop
osition of Spain would have any effect
whatever. There are some Btrong forces
at work In the Senate to prevent hasty
action, and it is quite probable that
those Senators who favor immediate
action will not be able to bring it about,
for while they are undoubtedly in the
majority in the Senate, under the rules
of that body they will be unable to
force a vote.
With srrme few exceptions the Dem
ocrats of both houses are for action,
and will oppose any delay whatever on
account of Spain's proposition to grant
an armistice.
REPORTED COLLISION OF
ENGLISH AND RUSSIANS.
Unconfirmed Rumor Beaches Yoko
hama of a Clash of Forces at
Talien-Wan.
YOKOHAMA, April 10.— Reports from
Nagasaki state that a collision has taken
place between the English and Russians
at Talien Wan. These rumors are un
confirmed.
CASTORIA
For Infant* and Children.
Thtfae- /f • ;
•®r<Z&?%t&; VSSL
CONGRESS TO
ACT TUESDAY
Both Houses Expect the
President's Message
To-Day.
Will Be Referred tc the Proper
Committees Without
Debate.
Resolutions Will Bo Reported Back
Within Twen'.y-Four
Hours.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 10.
Upon the presumption that Spain's
offer of an armistice to the Cuban in
surgents will make no change in the
plans of the administration and that
the President's message will go to Con
gress to-morrow, the House this week
i will make history. In anticipation of
stirring scenes and momentous action,
every Congressman has been besieged
by hundreds of friends for tickets to
the reserved gallerioe, and the general
multitude that takes its chances in the
public galleries on the principle of "first
come, first served," are prepared to as
sault the Capitol at dawn to-morrow.
It is likely that hundreds will camp out
on the marble steps all night, so in
tense is the desire to be present when
the message is read. The public gener
ally regards the message as the pro
logue to a drama which may end in
war before the curtain goes down.
After the message is read to-morrow
it will probably be referred to the Com
mittee nn Foreign Relations without de
bate. Such is the programme to which
both sirli-s have practically assented,
with tlv tacit understanding that the
committee will report on Tuesday the
resolutions upon which the House will
be expected to act. Any individual at
tempt to frustrate this part of the pro
gramme will prove abortive.
With the rravity of the situation con
fronting them, members on both sides
have been sobered and seem impressed
with the idea that things should pro
ceed in a regular and orderly way. It
seems almost certain now that there
will be a conflict both in the committee
and the House as to the nature of the
resolutions upon which the House will
be called upon to act. Individual views
vary greatly, from those who desire a
direct declaration of war, based on the
theory that the blowing up of the
Maine was a hostile act, to the few who
are opposed to any action whatever.
But the real contest, of course, will be
between those who desire to follow
what is now generally accepted as the
President's recommendation, and those
who desire the recognition of the Cu
ban republic.
The Democrats, both of the commit
tee and the House, have taken an un
equivocal position for the recognition
of independence, although there is a
, difference of opinion as to whether in-
I tervention should follow. A majority
of the Republicans of the committee
have within a few days declared them-
I dence. Two of them— Messrs. Quigg of
| New York and Henry of Indiana—
i while they do not favor recognition of
! the existing republic, have earnestly
I advocated a declaration to the effect
that Spain's dominion over the island
I cease, leaving to the future the ques
tion of the actual government of the
Island. But in the desire of the Re
publicans of both houses to secure har
mony of action, some of the advocates
of independence have about come to
the conclusion that the difference be
tween armed intervention and recogni
tion is more technical than substan
tial, as, unless the island should be an
nexed, to which they are opposed, a
republican form of government for the
island must follow.
It seems probable that existing dif
ferences may at least to some extent
be adjusted, and, whether all the Re
publicans agree to a resolution de
claring for intervention only or not,
P-esolution will be reported. It
qually certain that a resolu
• the independence, possibly
with intervention, will be pre
y the minority.
?ek in the Senate probably will
i entirely to the Cuban ques
'he President's message is
counted upon to arrive soon after the
assembling at noon to-morrow. it
will be referred promptly to the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations and the
present understanding is that no re
port will be made by the committee
before Tuesday. The report may, in
case of the development of radical dif
ferences in the committee, be delayed
to even a later day.
There is a decidedly strong disposi
tion on the part of the many Senators
who are not members of the commit
tee to have the Senate as a body take
up the subject of the shaping of the
committee's report, contemporaneous
ly with the committee, and it is not
improbable that a secret session of the
Senate may be »>eld with this purpose
In view.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All dru»
rtßts refund the money If it falls to cunj. JBc.
The genuine has h. B. Q. on each tablet..
MEN AND
VESSELS
PREPARED
Officers of the Key West
Fleet Eager to AttaGk
the Spaniards.
They Think the Insults to General
Lee, Coupled With the Maine
Disaster, Cause
for War.
NAVAL PLAN
OF ATTACK,
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Ben
nett.
KEY WEST, April 10.—Moni
tors Terror, Puritan and Amphi
trite have been ordered to join the
battleship off Sandy Key light.
This move at this time is accept
ed here as evidence that the fleet
is making final preparations to
move without the least delay
when the order comes. The mon
itors are, of course, slower than
other vessels, but will play a
great part in the formation of
the first line of attack.
Some changes in the plan of
attack have now been decided
upon. Morro Castle will not be
shelled because of the prisoners
there, and Cabanas will escape
for the same reason in case the
trouble between Spain and the
United States aroes beyond tar
get practice. As it is known
that prisoners are still con
fined in some of the cells, it is
thought advisable to concentrate
the fire on the batteries of Santa
Clara, and the twelve-inch bat
tery near Morro Castle. The
castle itself is not formidable
unless one accepts the story that
its walls have been breeched to
the outer skin and a battery of
big guns mounted inside which
will be unmasked should hostil
ities be begun. It seems likely
that, should war come, the affair
at Havana would begin with a
brief artillery duel between the
lowa and her consorts and the
guns of Santa Clara battery and
ordnance guns and the two
twelve-inch rifles planted near
Morro a year ago.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 10.— There
was no Easter Sunday in Key West to
day. The arrival of General Lee and
the widespread curiosity to get a
glimpse of the hero of the hour
brought the entire population into the
streets and to the docks. Hundreds of
refugees mingled with the crowds ex
citedly discussing the situation. When
General Lee departed the interest was
attracted toward the preparations on
the bay ajid water front. There was
enough action there to claim their at
tention throughout the long hot after
noon.
Activity on the warships was more
noticeable than for several days. That
General Lee was safely away from
Havana seemed to put new life in na
val officers and to bring revenge for
the Maine victims into the perspective
of the present week. The cruiser Hel
ena lay at the Government dock com
pleting her coaling, necessary after
her trip across the Atlantic, while a
detail of naval mechanics from the
Brooklyn Navy Yard hastened repairs
on her tower, somewhat shaken by the
voyage. A full complement of officers
and sailors industriously worked to
clear away the woodwork and put the
ship in fighting trim by night. At an
other dock a few yards distant was
the formidable monitor Puritan, which
arrived from Hampton Roads Friday
night. The Puritan was also coaling
and was almost stripped for action.
Further along was the lighthouse
tender Mangrove. Ensign Palmer, who
was detailed from the flagship New
York to command the Mangrove, set
to work with a rush. He succeeded in
enlisting an entire crew, men showing
surprising readiness to volunteer. Two
six-pounder rifles will be mounted fore
and aft, with broadsides of four rapid
fire guns. The Mangrove is entirely
unarmored, but will be effective
against torpedo-boats on picket duty.
She will be ready to put to sea Tues
day if the fleet sails. Out in the har
bor in full view of the crowded docks
one could see gun drills on the Terror,
Detroit and Marblehead.
The few officers on shore discussed
the probability of soon getting to Ha
vana to avenge the Maine victims and
insults to General Lee. On the docks
where warships are being repaired the
marines kept spectators at a distance.
On the big bartle-ship outside the bar
was the same activity. Sunday reli
gious t rvices on fleet were sacrificed
for final preparations, being: the first
time Easter has passed without serv
ices in twenty-five years. An extra
supply of water was sent aboard all
warships.
The officers refuse to entertain the
belief of the possibility of further de
lay on the part of the President and
Congress, and they expect sailing or
ders not later than Wednesday.
The possibility that the armistice
may be accepted is not credited by the
superior officers of the fleet, who think
the insults to General Lee, added to
the Maine explosion, are enough to war
rant war. There is suppressed excite
ment about the hotel where many of
ficers are quartered. Nothing was
talked of but an approaching attack.
ALL THE SQUADRONS
READY FOR ACTION.
Commanding- Officers of Vessels Now
Await Orders to Proceed Against
Spanish Ports.
NEW YORK, April 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: If
Congress to-morrow directs forcible In
tervention In Cuba, the navy Is pre
pared to carry out Its mandate at once.
Reports received at the Navy Depart
ment from Captain Sampson, corn
mandins the North Atlantic squadron,
Commodore W. S. Schley. commanding
the flying squadron, and Commodore
George Dewey, commanding the
Asiatic squadron, state that the ves
sels under their command are ready for
action. In accordance with instruc
tions given them by the strategic
board, approved by Secretary Long,
they have advised the commanding offi
cers of the ships attached to their re
spective fleets of the part they are ex
pected to play in prospective battles,
and copies of plans are in possession of
subordinates of the fleet c ;nmanders
for their study. Captain S^.npson has
under his command at Key West a
fleet of twenty-two warships, besides
the supply ship Pern and tugs which
will act as picket boats. This fleet is
to be re-enforced by the monitor Mian
tonomah, which will sail this week
from League Island; the gunboat Ban
croft, repairing at Boston; the dispatch
boat Dolphin, the dynamite cruiser Ve
suvius, and ram Katahdin. When the
merchant steamers purchased last week
by the Rodgers board are ready for
service two will be assigned to Captain
Sampson's fleet and two to the flying
squadron.
Commo-dore Schley's command is at
present composed of five vessels, and j
should war be deferred for another j
week the San Francisco and New Or- |
leans will be added to it, besides sev- !
eral steam colliers. In the event of
war being declared this force will be
joined at Porto Rico or some other con- j
venient point by the New York, In- i
diana and lowa and the protected
cruisers of Captain Sampson's com- |
mand, and this combination will be one
which Spain's navy will meet only to i
invite destruction.
When this is accomplished the Amer
ican men-of-war under Captain Samp
son can proceed leisurely with the work
of blockading Porto Rican and Cuban
ports, leaving Commodore Schley's
fleet to harass the Spanish coast. So
far as the American squadron at Hong
kong is concerned, it is the belief of offi
cials that it will be able to destroy the
small Spanish gunboats in Philippine
waters and reduce the fortifications of
the ports of the islands without trouble.
The squadron now under Commodore
Dewey's command consists of the
Olympia, his flagship, the cruisers Bos
ton and Raleigh and gunboats Concord
and Petrel. This force will be -increased
within a day or so by the protected
cruiser Baltimore, which left Honolulu
for Hongkong c-n March 25. Spain's na
val forces in the Philippines consists of
six antiquated cruisers. The largest of
these is the Castila, a wooden vessel of
3400 tons, and the remaining five are be
tween'lo3o and 1500 tons. Opposed to the
American vessels in the Atlantic, Spain
has the torpedo boat flotilla, consist
ing of seven modern high-speed torpedo
boats at Cape Verde, and it is to be re
enforced by the armored cruiser Infan
ta Teresa Maria and the Cristobal Co
lon, which, as the Herald stated this
morning, are en route to St. Vincent.
The reconstructed battle-ship Vittorio
ADVERTISE74ENTS.
SINGULAR STATEMENT.
Prom Mrs. Rank to Mrs. Pinkham.
The following letter to Mrs. Pink-
ham from Mrs. M. Rank, No. 2,354
East Susquehanna Aye., Philadelphia,
Pa., is a remarkable statement of re-
lief from utter discouragement. She
says:
" I never can find words with which
to thank you for what Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
for me.
" Some years ago I had womb trouble
and doctored for a long time, not see-
ing any improvement. At times I
would feel well enough, and other
times was miserable. So it went on
until last October, I felt something
terrible creeping over me, I knew not
what, but kept getting worse. 1 can
hardly explain my feelings at that
time. I was so depressed in spirits
that I did not wish to live, although I
had everything to live for. Had hys-
teria, was very nervous; could not
sleep and was not safe to be left
alone.
" Indeed, I thought I would lose my
mind. No one knows what I endured.
" 1 continued this way until the last
of February, when I saw in a paper a
testimonial of a lady whose ease was
similar to mine, and who had been
cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
ble Compound. I determined to try it,
and felt better after the first dose. I
continued taking it, and to-day am a
well woman, and can say from my
heart, 'Thank God for such a medi-
cine.'"
Mrs. Pinkham invites all suffering-
Women to write to her at Lynn, Mass. ,
for advice. All such letters are seen
Bnd answered by women only.
Midway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruta«a.
Bore Muscles, Cramps, . Burns. Sunburns. 13a<- A -
ache. Headache. Toothache. Rheumatism. Xeu-
lalgia. Lumbairo. Internal* ---f-r. •>" " "M
rains. Colic. Diarrhoea, Dysentery. Cholera
Mortoua and Slckncaa, Numi, «««• All «ru*«
mm. - • , .:» ■■'■ :■ - - ■' -- -. --'
and protected cruiser Alfonso XIII are
nn thpir way to the Canaries, and these
wUI be reinforced by the battle-ship Pe
ayo which is a first-class ship of 10,000
tons' and the armored cru ser Carlos
V whose completion is being rushed
with aU haste. As to the present where
abouts of the armc-red cruisers Vizcaya
and Oquendo. which were last reported
fn Porto Rico the authorities are ne*>
certain but it is belieyed that they will
JoYn the force at Cape Verde or at the
Canaries. — -
The first thing weak men do
is to get downhearted. You must
not do that. Your only chance is
to ask help. You can find it. If
you are listless and timid you want
to be braced up. You want to
become a full man again— a
great man and a powerful man.
"Hudyan" is the only thing that
can make you as vigorous as you
once were. "Hudyan" can be had
only from the Hudsonian doctors.
It has been given by them to
people all over the world. It has
cured people all over the world. It
will cure you — make a man of you.
It will replace wasted vital force at
once. No more weak knees after
this treatment, and nothing but
full pleasure in life. Don't be
weak another hour. Free advice !
Free circulars ! Certain and prompt
restoration ! - Little ulcers, copper-
colored spots, loosening teeth,
mean blood taint. Beware ! "30-
day blood cure" drives that all out
of the system as surely as "Hud-
yan" makes manhood. These
circulars free, too. Don't be
WEAK.
*
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO.
LADUE-YUKON
TRANSPORTATIONCO.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.
General Freight and Passenger Agents.
609 MARKET STREET,
Will Dispatch Their Magnificent Steamer
:"MORGAN__CITY"
JUNEAU, DYEA, SKAGUAY,
COPPER RIVER, COOKS
INLET and
DUTCH HARBOR
From Folsom-Street Wharf on
SATURDAY, APRIL 16th.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE 00.,
609 Market Street and 204 Front Street.
000000000000000000
%*■-■? PALACE A -i?%
%CRAND HO TEkM°
q SAN FRANCISCO. "
Connected by a covered passageway. "
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O
; © All Under One Managesis^x. O
| O NOTE THE PRICES : q
I r\ European Plan. 91. OO per day and upward -*
; v American Plan. 3. OO per day and upward "
j O Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. q
000000000000000000
1 when " unwell," for pains, obstructions, I
I and irreguiarities peculiar to theses. tj
' 1 Recommended by the leading French
I Specialists for diseases of women : Supe-
| rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
I drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules
last 3 three months* - Sold by all druggists,
or by mail, $t. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office.
The Weekly Call.
! ©/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
L) ' . News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
o/ PAPER ON THE
"j PACIFIC COAST
~J The Best ■ \ / Mining
°J Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
oc The Coast / \& up to date
«=< — "
e^ Not a Line of it Sensational
w. ; or Faky, and Not a Line of
jj it Dry or Uninteresting.
"X
CX Bright, Clean. A Champ on of
Thoughtful. - 1 ruth.
OC ' ' ■ ' .
■ m
OC • ' - ■ '
cJ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL 1 HE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
"J HOME . MAIL, $1.5t
! «=< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
.v; :■ :..■-■ - .-: -.■■ ■■ ■ ■■,■-: -•■■■ ■■■-:• . .SAN JOSE WILL THROW
OFF HER SHACKLES TO-DAY
DEFEAT OF
REA SEEMS
ASSURED
Gratifying Result of a
House-to-House
Canvass.
Indicates a Majority for
the Entire Charter
Club Ticket
Ward Heelers Imported to Do
the Dirty Work for the
"Gang."
FRAUDS ARE EXPOSED
Illegal Registration H«» Been Discov
ered In Every Ward in the
City.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
For the Charter ticket—
1O9«.
For the People's ticket—
1014.
l>o lib ft'u l and mixrd-620.
I niiil vote canvassed.—
a:t:to.
PAN JOSE, April 10.— The figures
given herewith are the result of a
},•. — to-houße canvass made by joint
committees composed of members of
the New Charter Club, the Good Gov
ernment League and the Liberty Club.
They Include most of Jhe voters in all
of the twenty precincts of the city ex
cept the Third, Ninth and Twentieth.
In the Third, it is estimated, the vote
will be about evenly divided, while in
the Ninth and Twentieth majorities
are expected for the New Charter Club
ticket. In the list of "doubtful" are
those who would give no information
OB to how they intended to vote, those
who may still be influenced to vote the
Charter Club ticket, and, in some cases,
those who couid not be seen by the
canvassers. Under "mixed" are includ
ed those who will vote a ticket made up
partly of Charter Club candidates and
partly of the people's or "gang" ticket.
The voters who wore put down as "fur"
the charter ticket, expressed them
selves as intending to vote the Char
ter Club ticket straight from Sanford
E. Smith for Mayor to D. C. Vestal,
the last-named candidate for the ap
pointing board.
This canvass was made indiscrimi
nately and comprises more than three
fifths of the entire registered voters.
If the doubtful and mixed vote is
evenly divided, and a similar propor
tion to that here shown holds for the
entire vote cast to-morrow, the Char
ter Club ticket will win by a ma
jority of between 700 and SOO votes.
Even should all the doubtful votes
be credited to the ticket opposed to
pood government, the Charter Club
ticket will still come out the victor. In
only three of the precincts was a ma
jority shown for the "gang" ticket in
this canvass.
As the result of the campaign of edu
cation that has been going on for the
past several weeks the people are now
fully aroused to the situation. They
realize that this is a fight on the part
of the people interested In the success
of the Charter Club ticket— not for the
honors and spoils of office, but for the
emancipation of the city of San Jose
from the corrupt and destructive
rule of bossism that the city
may make that advance in the march
of progress, development and prosper
ity commensurate with its many natu
ral and exceptional advantages.
On the other hand, they realize the
desperate, determined, and in many
cases, unprincipled efforts made by the
boss and his henchmen for the election
Robinson Crusoe Rea and His Man Friday See Footprints Ahead.
FINANCIER PAUL FEEDING THE FISHES.
of the candidates on the so-called Peo
ple's Municipal ticket is a batle for
spoils and for the perpetuation of
boodling, jobbery and corruption in of
fice, with all their attendant evils of
high taxation, stagnation and hard
times.
A vote for the straight Charter Club J
ticket means a vote for political, com- j
mercial and personal liberty. A vote |
for the "'pang" ticket means continued |
bundage and tribute to the boss and hi^
henchmen.
Every candidate on the Charter Club
ticket is absolutely independent and
untrammelled, without obligations to
any person or to any clique, except to
perform his duty to the people of the
city of San Jose that they may have a
government that will make their city
a model for municipal political reform
ers.
Every candidate on the People's Mu
nicipal or "gang" ticket is dependent
upon or obligated in some way to Boss
Rea. and is, therefore, bound to con
sider Rea's wishes in the administra
tion of the city's affairs whenever h^
chooses to make them known. And
even if the boss did not control every
man on that ticket it would be an un
safe experiment to vote for them, as
it is absolutely certain that he controls
at least a majority of them. In the
absence of any disavowal, however, by
any of the candidates that they are
being supported by the boss and the
"gang," despite the repeated charges
that such is the case, it is fair to pre
sume that the boss is back of them all
and will exact his reward when the
time and circumstances suit him.
Safety lies only in a vote for the Char
ter Club ticket without a single
scratch or omission.
There was an invasion on a small
scale by political heelers from San
Francisco and as far away as Sa<-ra
m^nto to-night. Some of these came
on railroad passes sent to them by
"Johnnie" Mackenzie. In consequence
of this importation by the "gang" a
hot time is expected at the polls, where
fraud will undoubtedly be attempted
on an unprecedented scale.
Anticipating something of this kind,
owing to the forlorn outlook for the
"gang" ticket, the good government
forces have made ample provision to
protect the purity of the ballot. A thor
ough investigation has been made of all
the names on the great and supplemen
tal registers, and several hundred
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, IS9B.
names have been discovered that do not
belong thereon. A list of these has been
compiled, and at every precinct the
Charter Club and its allied organiza
tions will have a challenger, whose duty
it shall be to see that none of these
would-be ballot stuffers are allowed to
V"t.i. Should any one who is not en
titled to vote swear in his vote, he will
be promptly arrested.
A reward of $50 has been offered by
the Charter Club for the conviction of
each offender.
In the First Precinct it has been
found that forty-one men are regis
tered from the New York Exchange
Hotel, and that but sixteen living there
are entitled to vote. There are only
twenty-six guests there at the present
time.
In the Second Precinct the name of.
one dead man !s on the register. There
are eleven names of non-residents, and
three are registered from vacant houses.
In the Third ten are registered from
vacant houses.
In the Fourth three are on the regis
ter as residing in vacant houses.
In the Fifth six are registered from
vacant houses and three in St. James
square, in which there are no buildings.
In the Sixth, two are registered who
were never heard of at the places they
gave as their residences, and six are
registered from vacant houses.
In the Seventh, two were found reg
istered from vacant houses.
• In the Eighth, no less than eighty
registered from vacant houses, five
from vacant lots, and several from
houses the numbers of which could not
be found.
In the Tenth, twenty-two non-resi
dents were found.
In the Eleventh, one registered from
a vacant house.
In the Twelfth, twelve registered
from the ■ Normal School square, in
which there are no private buildings,
two from vacant houses, and one from
a Chinese wash house.
In the Thirteenth, ten registered from
vacant houses.
In the Fourteenth, five are registered
from vacant houses.
In the Fifteenth four are registered
I from the lot on which. stands the Reed
street schoolhouse.
In the Sixteenth are two non-resi
dents and one from a vacant house.
In the Seventeenth are three from
vacant houses.
Puff Scarfs for Ladies.
Some of the sweetest and prettiest
ideas in Ladies' Puffs arrived late Sat-
urday afternoon, in Roman stripes and
other pretty colorings. They're lovely,
light and summery.- Double the money
won't buy prettier scarfs in any other
house in town. These at
25c.
r^gp Nothing so sweet
\V^\ No costume for Ht-
s^v!^ tie men makes him
( ?^W_ look as smart and
">-_r~ cute as a Sailor
J|£*7\- ' Suit. Some 300
[M^oor\ pretty Blue Sail-
rW4^\\\ ors % some "trimmed
I ifSf/^—\ 1 I with red and white
\\W J\. iV I soutache, others
\ iol^ -^f / braided with wide
\[c\ IS-*// black Hercules
>«* — -V ■ / braid. Not a suit
V \ y/ - among the 300
• \ \ \ worth less than $3.
M \ ■ I For these we say
Of * 1 -**-
Children's Sailor j) *
Straws — about 300 V* 'Tv n
dozen of the 50c grade. J\. . .^\
Handsome color com- TOy / "1/fIK
binations. high-class W^ W//
straws, all nice dress ■ '.'-,■'■
goods with full, wide brims; perfect sun
protectors. These, beginning Monday, at
25c.
]0t f|| ,H'
■■ ;.>.- \M N^ >
0. 1 1 , 13. 1 51 KFARIVr ST.
~~THE:FRISOO SOTS. '"['■ "TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS. ■ EIGHT FLOORS,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
000000000000000000
q The restless energy of our Q
q house for greater achieve- q
© merits spurs the manage- q
O ment on to greater efforts, q
O These greater efforts re- q
O dounci to your benefit. o
O O
000000000000000000
THE ''ENTHUSIASn
As this is the third week, one would naturally imagine that the interest
had somewhat abated, but quite the contrary. Notwithstanding the enthusi-
astic reception- of last Saturday, when at certain stages of the day it looked as
though the whole town was in our house, notwithstanding all this, we are
asked to give the third week of this classic sale of Spring Suits and Spring
Top 'Overcoats at >v >•" '; *^: ; ' V :
;?;;%:; '■•■'■ r •.■:■;■'.-■■ -- : ■■• . ' . . _____ ■/"••'
What's prettier than a Blue Serge? What's more dressy? What's more
Spring-like? And these have received such a world of careful tailoring. A
real good Serge Suit should sell at $15. The ownership of one of ours will
cost you
$8.80.
What's prettier than those fine Velour Cassimer.es? The world over.
they're $15, and the brightness and prettiness of the colorings, the harmo-
nious blendings of the linings and trimmings, the general make-up and ap-
pearance of these garments are characteristic of the swell tailor that made
them. Some of 'em are silk lined. The ownership of a suit like these costs
you ;'■-': •■^•-v" • ' ■
$8.88.
The finishing touches of . a man's Spring dress is a Top Coat. Now, then
you will slide into these Top Coats of ours through sleeves of satin and en-,
joy the luxury of wearing about as swell a Top Coat as money can buy and
put to blush the man that pays $35 for his Top Coat. ,
We have hesitated quite a while before we'd put these on salt at $8 88,
but for the third and final week of the sale we have added these Top Coats
as fuel to feed the flames at 0 • • •
$Oio3<
Ladies' Dude Sailor Straws, f
— I=^& Last Monday we
| ■ .v 4 were compelled to
MgPß3!^ . ; call the' sale of. la- j
.Tr^^^^jy^S^^g^fs dies' dude sailors off
%' : :^*£pif^r T^W before noun! The la-
*"**S«Kji> \.V \f ' P**' dies evidently appre- 1
*<$h . .^. /««^^. ' ciated getting .exclu-j
, 3jtjs ' <tjr> sive hatters' v and mil- j
ft . ■ ; "; '' liners' } $3',, hats ». at i
/^^P^x '/ ' $1 50:"" ' J
«a. / For this Monday
'///■•*/ m■ / we nave prepared
WO/WA \r-/ . three times the , as-
iju^\. . IvL >?a^&s^ sortment over that of
*J last Monda >'- Wi -
Mf\> I ,!yrwiSs^^ trust that those who
&r \ik ils I \\\^^-" could not get them
JRi™ W ; I \\ \ last : time will come
jffUl lo * nis Monday.
v I . $1.50. •
The : prettiest ideas In spring < Young men. with fastidious
neckwear. . tastes' will appreciate the suits
■We're going to sell 500 dozen that we're going to put on spe-
string ties; they're done up in cial sale to-day; they're the . :
dozen packages, and made from (prettiest specimens of high l
stylish, summery Madras cloths; class tailoring that we have j
they're the : swell goods of the ■ shown this season. The fabrics
season, and will cost you by the are all new, the coloring j
dozen, 12 of 'em will cost you ■ ( choice. For these swell suits
■ for young men between the ages .
9c of 14 and 19, we say.
The Dozen. $5,48.
Another lot of real smart and You'll find a sweet lot of lit- '
cute-looking sweaters for little tie blue Suits, as you ' see In
folks with sailor collar,- hand- 1 Picture opposite, for little lads
some color combinations: Blue between the ages of 3 and S. In ;
and gold ■ myrtle ' and ' white, blue, with red . soutache braid- i
navy and white, biack and Ing. They have their little vest • !
orange and many other • hand- with, 'em, and. taken as -a: :'•
some combinations; made from whole, they're very swell spring
fine worsted yarn; no sweater In suits. V Double, the- price, won't
town at $1 50 is any better; all buy prettier suits elsewhere,
ages, all sizes. Monday at r Beginning to-day these will be ,
offered to you at
"' ■ - - 98c ■-.; ;'; '- ,si:s»B. :. -,v, v '
■— : :—: — - — — — ■ : j
In our Men's Hat Department Mon- f* \ \
day we ! will show up some real clever .;"...:■'• L-i^—^^j '
Alpines in: pearls with black bands — the /"""fH SB"»» !
kind you'd pay double the money. for in VaaHi^^L^^ I
hat stores. Some Derbys among 'em; j3>^Cr^fißr > f
all new spring blocks and came too late. yV • '^1 I
for our Saturday.; hat rush. Monday's JStL '< '•».
purchasers will have the .benefit of get- s^^/ I ■: ,
ting some real swell hats at > . V. . -A. " '
95c. , ■ -'^W v
000000000000000000
o„ ' o
q Constant arrivals from the fashion- q
q; • alle marts of the world are now - -*
_ things of . daily occurrence with us. 5?
It' one of those characteristic features *?
"0/ the ' big Kearny-strtet store that °
Jr causes the arrest of the public eye and ..
** public attention every day in the year. ®
O 0 0 0000000 00
l(^^r^^ :
f/i H*^
li II 4 *
000000000000000000
O o
O Each day finds us mah- o
O ing new additions to our O
O spring fashions and causes O
O us to think the new arrl- Ovals
© vals ar,° even handsomer O
° than their predecessors. O
O o
000000000000000000
New spring fashions of bike suits for
men; a world of new and pretty fash-
ionable spring wheeling costumes for
men, in high-class Scotches, made and
tailored as only fine garments are.
"We have taken a big line of these
goods; they were to be sold regularly
at $6; they're pure woolen garments,
and we have taken a cap, and we say
for the suit and cap, in our Men's Bi-
cycle Suit Department,
$3t9B*
THE TOP COAT AT $8.88,
56
MONDAY APRIL n, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKEJManager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montl)
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfcfis House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquettc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251S
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranper In New York."
Columbia— "Shore Acres "
CaJlfortila — "Old Lavender."
Alcazar— "The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown "
Morocco's— •■Pavements of New York."
llvoli-'Sinbad the Sailor.' 1
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Y. M. C. A. Uall-'The Passion Play."
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy 6treein— Specialties.
Sherman A Clay's Hall— Paloma Schramin, Wednesday after-
noon. April 13.
California Jockey OluD, Oakland— Races to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By Kllllpi Co.— Tuesday, April 12, Horses, at corner Van Ncsa
averr.-.e and Mantel ttreeta. at 10 o'clock.
THE COMMERCIAL SITUATION.
THE feature of last week was a sensible diminu
tion in the demand for staple goods throughout
the country. This decrease was due, as' far as
could be seen, to unseasonable cold weather and to
the discouragement of new business by the. general
expectation of war. The West, which for some weeks
has been the center of mercantile activity, reported
that the heavy rush of spring business was about over
and that current orders for goods are to complete
broken assortments. The South reported a good
enough trade, though the export of staples was ex
hibiting a check on account of the raising of marine
insurance rates consequent upon the disturbed for
eign outlook. There has also been a great frost
throughout the East and South which has played
havoc with the fruit crop of both sections and like
wise damaged the tobacco crop of the latter. The
Northwest continued to report a good business, and
there was no failing off on the Pacific Coast as far as
could be sti-n.
Still the country is considerably ahead of last year,
according to the bank clearings, which showed a
gain last week of 26.3 per cent over the corresponding
week in 1897. The commercial failures were 220,
against 232 for the same week last year. These fig
ures do not show any ialling off in business, but, on
the contrary, an increase. The diminution in the
volume of trade, therefore, is simply a slackening in
the extraordinary movement of merchandise which
has characterized the past few months and which has
been greater than ever before known in the United
States. As for Wall street, that interesting mart, we
are told, has undergone about all the liquidation it is
likely to see for the present, war or no war. It has
discounted the Spanish trouble, the public have gen
erally drawn out, and it is said that stocks are now in
strong hands and closely held, so that the floating
supply is small. This means that somebody is going
to make money in Wall street before long, and that
somebody is not the public.
The leading staples are about the same as last week.
The iron trade is still doing a rushing business, but
it is becoming evident that it is on previous orders,
and that new business is small. Dry goods are dull,
as buyers are wary about taking hold until they know
better how the affair with Spain is going to turn out.
Wool, hides, leather and the other important staples
are equally quiet, and for the same reason. The grain
trade keeps up well, the exports from Atlantic ports
last week being 50 per cent larger than for the same
week in 1897.
The feature of trade in San Francisco last week
was the sensational advance in cereals at the close
owing to the dry weather. Nobody in the trade now
expects large crops of anything. It is too late. There
will be plenty for the usual local consumption and a
surplus for export, but that surplus will be small
compared with the ordinary year. High prices
will probably rule the balance of the year in conse
quence, and that farmer who gets a crop will make
money. Wheat went up to $i 55®! 60 for the com
mon shipping descriptions and $1 65 for extra choice.
Flour advanced 25 cents per barrel. Barley soared
to $1 .15. with lively trading on call, where the longs,
seizing their opportunity, gave the shorts an unmer
ciful squeezing. Oats, corn and rye went up with the
two leaders, and there was a general advance in mill
stuff?. Hay continued its upward course, with ex
cellent prospects for a further rise. This stnple will
be an article of luxury this year unless all current
signs fail. The prosaic bean, too. caught the fever,
and on Saturday there was a general advance, par
ticularly in Limas, which were affected by the de
creased acreage and the dry weather. The reported
partial destruction of the Eastern crop by frost cre
ated another factor in favor of better quotations for
canned and dried fruit later on in the season, but thus
far the market has made little or no response to the
bullish conditions which have recently risen in the
fruit trade. It will probably respond further along in
the season, however.
The present year is bound to be an interesting one
to the farmer. He who gets a crop will be in clover,
and he who does not will have to accept tb> situation
with the best grace possible. The State will doubt
less average up well enoiißli. thanks to its wonder
fully diversified climate. It is one of the beauties of
California that the very conditions which damage one
section of the State produce successful results in sev
eral others.
Merchandise is meeting with the usual demand on
local and export account, and fluctuations are about
average. Sugar has advanced, coal has declined and
several other staples have moved about somewhat.
The money market remains undisturbed, funds being
in abundant supply at the usual rates of interest.
There is no probability that the report of McKin
ley's intention to dismiss his private secretary has a
word of truth in it. Mr. Porter has evidently pone so
far as to offend a yellow correspondent by declining
*o the personal letters of the executive,
THE MESSAGE.
BY the great mass of the American people the
President's message to Congress on the con
troversy with Spain is awaited this morning
with an eagerness in which there is no feeling of
anxiety. On all sides there is confidence that the
President will uphold the honor of the nation in all
its just demands, and that whether the issue is peace
or war the course of our Government will have the
approval of civilization and humanity.
It is everywhere that we are on the
verge of war. Some hopes may still exist that Spain
by yielding to the rightful claims of the United States
on terms that we can accept may open a way for the
continuance of peace, but such hopes are not founded
on any substantial basis. They are the offspring ot
sentiment rather than of reason. Even those who
cherish them because of an innate abhorrence of war
hardly expect to see them realized. Throughout the
country the impression prevails that the argument has
been exhausted by diplomacy and that the issue now
must be Jeft to the dread arbitrament of the sword.
Moreover, if war is to come at all it will in all like
lihood come immediately. Congress will probably
act upon the message as soon as it is received. The
majority in the Senate and in the House have long
since made up their minds upon the controversy and
upon the course the nation should pursue. There
will be of course some speech-making, but not much.
The chances are that if the President's message shows
that Spain is still resolved to deny the justice which
we demand action may be at once taken in both
houses. Before this day closes, therefore, war may
be declared and the battle begun.
The cause of the United States is one which we can
willingly submit to the judgment of any tribunal the
conscience of man recognizes. Our right to demand
redress for the wreck of the Maine and for the ter
mination of the horrors of war in Cuba is justifiable
by the law of nations, the dictates of civilization and
the instincts ©f humanity. Whether we have the sym
pathies of other countries or not in the contest counts
for nothing. The right and the might of the quarrel
are under the flag of the Union, and we can go for
ward careless of what may be thought or said in
other lands. There may be hostility in some quarters
of civilized Europe to-day, but as sure as that truth
and justice are honored in the long run, our course
will eventually receive the commendation of his
torians and good men in all countries.
How long the threatened war is likely to last is a
question few Americans have thought it worth while
to seriously discuss. It is significant that with the
exception of the stock markets in Wall street hardly
any American industry has been affected by the men
ace of the war. The general trade and business of
the people have gone along as undisturbed as if a
wat with Spain were a matter of no moment.
This sanguine feeling may be one of over-confi
dence, but it shows at any rate the attitude of the
nation. We are confident not only of our cause, but
of our strength, and the President's message, even if
it leads to immediate war, will still be welcome to the
country. It is in that mood that Congress and the
people wait this morning. Whatever duty the issue
imposes will be met with courage, patriotism and
confidence.
WAR f?ND FINANCE.
WAR will speedily disclose the vexatious con
dition of our financial system and call the
country's attention sharply to the need of re
form.
Experience proves that no nation can carry on war
and civil administration concurrently out of current
revenues. The Morrill tariff of 1862 was pressed and
passed as a war measure to approximate revenue to
expenditure, but in that respect was a failure.
As in the war of 181 2 and that with Mexico, the
treasury was compelled to issue evidences of debt and
to borrow on bonds.
The Senate having recently affirmed by resolution
that our bonds now outstanding may be paid in sil
ver at the option of the Government, and that de
claration being based on the existing law authorizing
the issue of bonds, it will be seen that a Government
call for a loan, under such law, is adumbrated by the
Senate's action. As a borrower the Government is
no more than an individual. Its ability, to raise
money by loans is limited by the same conditions.
Among these is the ability to contract for the pay
ment of the loan in the same value as that which it
receives.
If war continue for a period which makes a bond
issue necessary, the whole financial issue will be pre
cipitated. It is probable that the Government will
not be able to borrow on a gold basis without prom
ising to pay on the same basis. Then Congress, if not
in session, will be convened to effect the needed
change in the law and provide for gold payment if
gold is borrowed.
This will test the patriotism of the silver members.
War cannot be waged without money. With the
country's honor at stake, with our navy at sea and
our land forces in action and revenues all devoted to
the civil administration which must be maintained at
home, we will see what the advocates of the silver
standard will do.
They will probably attempt to compel recourse to
an issue similar to the greenback emission. Such
issue, however, w ? ould be affected by the ability of the
Government to redeem it in the par money of the
world, and as its volume increases so w-ould its dis
count, and we will go back to the foot of the
ladder, where we stood in 1868, when resumption was
undertaken by the funding of the greenbacks and
liquidation of the floating debt left by the Civil War.
Out of it all the country may learn that prosperity
in peace and power in war are alike dependent upon
sound finance.
If this probable issue arise within the next few
months we will see who will be found standing by
the administration and who will be against it by put
ting upon it the most serious embarrassment that can
come to a nation engaged in a military struggle.
The taxpayer is the final party in interest. He
must provide out of his substance the money that
pays armies and navies and fights battles. An issue
of credit notes, like the greenbacks, which fall below
par, increases the cost of war in exact proportion to
its discount. If it be 50 per cent below par it means
that, purchasing in that medium, the Government has
to pay a double price for every shot fired and every
ration issued, for it is bound to redeem its credit at
par. as it did the greenbacks when they were funded.
These details may be outside the daily knowledge
of the busy taxpayer, but he gets knowledge of them
in the form of increased taxation, which always fol
lows an unsound system of national finance.
Terms mentioned by Spain as the only ones upon
which she will consent to put in^o operation the
justly celebrated armistice seem only to embody fresh
in«ult to this country. There can be no ground for
making an arrangement which for its integrity must
in any measure depend upon the honor of Spain.
THE SAX FRAJS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
"ESPEREN VOLVERNOS."
THE departure of Consul-General Lee and Vice-
Consul Springer from Havana was made the
occasion of an exhibition of studied insolence on
the part of General Blanco and of open insults on the
part of his subordinate officers and the Spanish popu
lace. Every indignity short of actual violence which
rage could prompt mean and cowardly natures to
commit was thrown in the face of the representatives
of the United States. The general refused to see
them, the lesser officers of the Palace sneered at them,
the mob howled and hooted, and as a last taunt the
Alfonso XII swung round at her anchor in the har
bor and showed her menacing guns to the Fern as
the American ship started on her outward voyage.
All this array of insult, insolence and threats was
borne with dignity but not without wrath on the part
of the Americans. From the deck of the Fern they
sent back to Blanco, Havana and to Spain words of
defiance that will be echoed throughout the United
States wherever the news is read " this morning.
Brave, manly words V they were; fitting answers to the
coarse epithets and offensive insults with which the
Americans had been assailed.
"You may tell Mr. Blanco for me," said General
Lee to the pilot, "that the Fern will be the last ship of
the American navy that will ever go out of Havana
harbor while the Spanish flag flies over Morro." The
farewell of Consul Springer was more laconic still.
He sent back to the mob the phrase "Esperen
volvernos" (await our return").
The American people will take these words as if
uttered by themselves. The two phrases will furnish
the war cry of the nation. Let Blanco and Havana
await our return. It will not be long. Such insults
to the representatives of the United States, made at
the very spot where cowardly treachery sent to death
a crew of American seamen, adds the last spark
needed to explode the wrath of the people into swift
and terrible action.
American warships will return to Havana. They
will go there prepared to meet the guns of the Al
fonso XII and all her consorts of the Spanish navy.
They will go there, moreover, to stay until the Span
ish flag is hauled down from Morro. The prophecy
of Lee shall be fulfilled, and Blanco and all his black
guards shall speedily have occasion to remember the
"esperen volvernos" sent back as a farewell message
from the Fern.
ZOLA OND THE FRENCH-
IT is gratifying to note from the European press
that there is already observable in Paris something
of a reaction from the violent antagonism aroused
against Zola during his recent trial. Since the judg
ment against him has been set aside on appeal the
reaction will serve him in good stead if he should be
brought to trial again, and might possibly lead to
his acquittal and possibly to a reconsideration of the
case against Dreyfus.
The Westminster Gazette in reviewing the case
states that an evidence of the reaction is to be seen
in the comparatively large subscriptions which have
been collected to defray the cost of Zola's defense,
and also in the responses that have been made to an
appeal to the women of France to unite in a petition
to the Government to undo the wrong done to Drey
fus. It is further noted that signs of popular feeling
against the Jews are decreasing, and finally the Ga
zette says: "It may yet be possible that the prisoner
of the He dv Diable will have a chance of vindicating
himself In some way which will be in greater harmony
with uncoerced justice than the proceedings of the
Zola trial."
Whether the reaction will ever reach the extent
which the friends of Zola so confidently expect may
be questioned, but that it will go far is not inherently
improbable. The French are not an unjust nor vin
dictive people. Their rage is sudden and furious, but
it has none of the elements of lasting and ineradic
able hate. Their civil wars have beert as fierce as any
in history, but when once the passion of battle had
spent its force the members of the contending fac
tions soon fraternized again. Catholics and
Huguenots ceased to cut one another's throats
in France long before religious animosities died
out in other lands, and royalists and republicans
that raged for each other's blood during the Revolu
tion harmonized to a great extent a few years
after, and many of them served as comrades in the
legions that bore the eagles of Napoleon over all
Europe.
It is in French nature that there should be a re
action from the fury that broke out against Zola be
cause of his defense of Dreyfus, and it is to be hoped
there will be an equal reaction from the rage against
Dreyfus himself. That evidences of the changed feel
ing are so soon apparent is in itself a good sign. The
whole civilized world is interested in this remark
able controversy and will be glad of an outcome
which will not only do justice to the two victims of
Parisian wrath, but will show that Paris herself is
capable of atoning for the wrongs she commits as
soon as she has the calmness to listen to the voices of
her better nature.
Spain's Embassador to England says that war be
tween his country and the United States would last
for years and perhaps ruin both. There are reasons for
believing him in error. In the first place the diffi
culty of ruining a ruin is obvious. It is analogous to
the old and unsolved problem of spoiling an egg well
advanced in decay. Of course America might be
ruined, but so might the earth be wiped out by the
swish of a comet's tail. There is no use in worrying
about remote possibilities.
Senor Quesada of the Junta keeps on saying what
that body will and will not consent to as to the future
of Cuba. He might as well accept the existing fact
that affairs have progressed to such a point that the
Junta is no longer playing first fiddle. That dis
tinguished body must inevitably accept whatever may
be tendered after the banners of Spain shall have left
the island.
It is getting a little late in the game for seamen to
desert on the pretext that there has been nothing
done to avenge the loss of the Maine. People, view
ing the active war preparations, might ascribe ex
actly an opposite motive.
The patriots who burned the boy King of Spain in
effigy might easily have been in better business. Al
most any business short of robbing clothes lines
would come under this head.
Rev. Edwards Davis ought to return from his evan
gelistic tour long enough to convert his old flock
from the idea that while guiding them he misguided
the funds .of the church.
Perhaps it is not a violation of confidence to remark
that Steve Elkins as a Presidential adviser is not up
to the Hanna standard, and that confidence in Hanna
is less than unanimous.
The "musical wonder" is becoming so common that
soon the only child not to be regarded as a wonder
will be the one who isn't "a wonder."
MUST I GET OUT?
From the A*etr York Herald.
OUR CHANCES WITH SPAIN.
BY WILLIAM C. BOYNS.
In yesterday's Examiner Ambrose
Bierce had a sermon of "warning,"
I the text being our possible war with
' Spain. No critic is due more deference
on such matters than he, for not only
is he an able writer, but he is familiar
with his subject, having had the very
consider ble advantage of being a staff
officer in a great war. Members of the
staff of a commander in action learn
much more than others of the force
have any chance to. Yet I venture to
disagree with Mr. Bierce in his ideas as
to what it is likely will occur if we war
with Spain. To begin with he says:
"The las»t word has not been spoken in
the ship market, and it may well be that
by secret purchases Spain has reduced
the disparity; not all the purchases of
warships are bulletined."
I dissent. Spain sees as clearly as we
that war *!s imminent, and she knows,
too, that no great power will permit
any juggling in the turning over of war
vessels to either of the combatants four
hours or so before hostilities commence.
The consent of the Government for
which a warship is being, or has been,
built, is necessary before a sale is pos
sible by the constructors, for they,
much like other business men, wish to
keep customers when they once have
them.
I quote again:
"If" (the value of the torpedo is great)
"the disparity between the naval strength
of the United States and that of Spain,
as they stood before the present activity
in purchase of ships, is not nearly so
great as is complacently affirmed."
No doubt the torpedo boat question is
a serious one, but it seems to me that a
torpedo flotilla is not nearly such a
bugbear as most people imagine. These
tiny craft have no coal endurance, and
detached even a couple of hundred
miles from their port of refuge they
are much at the mercy of a skilled
naval tactician who has cruisers at his
command. I do not wish to be mis
understood; I am talking of the weak
ness of a torpedo flotilla for offensive
purposes. The value of a dozen torpedo
boats or destroyers attached to a
squadron of battleships and cruisers,
is another matter. Then they
must be carefully reckoned with in
dubitably. Alone, a "mosquito fle.et"
does not constitute a very serious men
ace, although it 'is pretty evident that
the administration has insisted on
Spain keeping hers at the other side of
the Atlantic.
In diagonal opposition to this capa
ble ■writer I am inclined to think our
superiority on the sea is much greater
than we are accustomed to say it is.
Truly it could be wished that the crews
of all our ships were two-thirds Ameri
cans, but the fact that they are splen
didly officered makes up in great meas
ure that weak point. The discipline ob
taining in our navy Is excellent; it is
not equaled in any marine branch of
national service excepting, possibly,
those of Germany and Great Britain.
It has been my fortune to see much of
navies of many countries and I know
of none except the Turkish where dis
cipline is more lax than it is in the
ships of war of Spain. And Mr. Bierce
to the contrary notwithstanding, disci
pline wins more battles than collective
courage. It breeds confidence, and that
is the prime factor in the decision of all
struggles. Spain's particular weakness,
both in the army and the navy, is in
her officers.
Where that unfortunate country got
her 100,000 troops in Cuba, "fully one
half of whom are veterans," or where
Mr. Bierce got the notion that she had
them, I am unaware. The "veterans"
Spain has in Cuba are principally raw
recruits, badly drilled and not well of
ficered. (I am not making this state
ment idly; it would be confirmed by
anyone who has seen the Spanish army
In Cuba within a year.) Mr. Bierce
further says:
"If it please 'whatever gods may be' to
raise up against us on the sea a Spanish
Nelson, denying us one of the same sort,
there will be lamentation in the land—
a lamentation that even the chin-thunder
of talking Bob Evans cannot drown."
So far as the possibility of the rising
of a great genius is concerned that sav
ors much of the "Lucky shot" of Mr.
Irving M. Scott, which |his gentleman
with whom- 1 controvert so mercilessly
satirized when war ..ith Great Britain
over affairs Venezuelan was in the air.
A writer in this paper once said, "It is
essential to face the situation as it is;
not as we dream it might be." That is
clearly true, and it is scarcely sensible
to estimate our chances of succeeding
in our war whilst counting possible
Nelsons and Napoleons. We are quite
as likely to develop them as is the en
emy; indeed, it is more reasonable to
suppose that we shall, for having had
somewhat extensive opportunities of
viewing men and things I m imbued
with the idea that the average Ameri
can brain is usually more capable than
the Spanish— it is more fertile in ideas,
and therefore the probabilities of evolv
ing a genius are greater.
This trouble is not similar to those
which bred the cries of "On to Rich
mond:" and "A Berlin!" The territo
ries of the combatants in each of these
instances were contiguous. The foes in
the former instance were nearly on
equality, but Spain's only equality in
this dispute is in the number of ships
she possesses. Incidentally the cry of
"A Berlin!" might have had its echo in
reality but for the character of the
French officers, and in that one point
alone we have an advantage which the
Spanish will find cannot be easily over
come.
In conclusion this is quoted:
"If we must make war let us make it
• • * remembering that it is a three
handed game, Chance being the third
player. He is sometimes the strongest of
the three and gives his assistance to the
weakest."
The man who goes into a fight with a
heart so weak that he imagines he may
be "knocked out" by "Chance" is half
defeated before the first blow is struck.
I see no possible "Chance" in the out
come of this war. Of military opera
tions, in all human probability there
will be scarcely any, and our advantage
on the sea is so gTeat that we may with
well-placed confidence assume that the
naval warfare will be short, with vic
tory for us as its end. The immense
advantages of docks, coal and general
supplies easily available, as well as
ships and well trained men, are ours, and
they certainly outweigh any Nelson of
the imagination — even when so great
as that of Mr. Bierce.
As a patriotic citizen I hope we may
yet avert war, and so do all sensible
people. The horrors ,of even the small
est struggle between nations are far
more dreadful than can be imagined by
those who have not seen the actuality,
but if it must come I can see no reason
for believing but that we shall conquer
quickly and easily.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Three .torpedo-boat destroyers are com
pleting at Genoa for the Italian navy.
They are of 260 tons displacement and 200
f»et in length, calculated to make S3
knots. They have been named the Ful
mlne, Peliicano and Condor.
The armored cruiser building at St.
Nazaire for the French navy Is to be com
pleted by June, 1901. The vessel is Dftfl
tons displacement, 433 feet 4 inches*lengTh
on water line and 59 feet 7 inches beaiu.
The total cost is estimated at $3,094,000, of
which hull and fittings amount to JI.jCI,
710 and the boilers $331,000.
Reports received at the British Admir
alty are rather unfavorable on the Belle
ville boilers in the Powerful. The BhiD
consumed S3OO tons of coal making the
passage from Plymouth, 49 days' actual
steaming. Her average speed was only
ll^i knots per hour, or 276 miles a day,
and she used 65 tons daily to make this
distance. In addition the auxiliary ma
chinery consumed 40 tons daily, bringing
the total up to 105 tons*. The consumption
reached the extraordinary figure of 2^
pounds per horse power per hour, abouv
doubls what it ought to be. An Atlantic
liner of like size would not use over 40
tons daily to steam at the rate of 11V>:
knots .ma the auxiliary machinery woulu
not require more than one-fourth of tna
coal used for like purposes in the Power
ful.
The keel of the Formidable. British bat
tle-ship of 15,000 tons, was laid March 21
at Portsmouth dockyard. Its dimensions
are 400 feet in length, 75 feet beam and
2S feet 9 inches me,an draught. She is to
have engines of 15,000 horse-power, caleu
'atec! to give a speed of 18 knots. Ther-3
will be expended $2,329,060 upon her con
struction during the present fiscal year,
and will probably be completed In lead
than two years.
A Japanese armored cruiser named
Asama was launched at Elswlck, March
2t! The ship is 408 feet in length, 67 teet
breadth and displaces 9750 tons on a mean
draught of 24 feet 3 inches. She has an
all -mound water-line belt of 7-lnch Har
v«»yized steel and transverse steel armor
tulkheads 6 inches thick. The batteiy
consists of four 8-inch wire-wound rifles
in two barbettes, fourteen 6-inch quick
firers, twelve 12-pounders, seven 3-pound
ers and five submerged torpedo tubes. A
speed of 21% knots is confidently expected.
Of the forty-five million dollars assigned
by t_ho Czax for tha Increase of the navy
the greater part will be applied to the
building of armored ships, cruisers, tor
pedo-boat destroyers and a torpedo-b^at
flotilla. Nearly all the new vessels are
to be built in the yards of the Neva and
only a small part of the orders will he
given to the French. The visit of Cnailea
Cramp to St. Petersburg at the present
time is somewhat mysterious, and not a
word has been said by him expla nmg
why he should be in Russia. The larga
prospective shipbuilding orders may have
some connection with Cramps trip ana a
branch yard at St. Petersburg under the
Cramp syndicate management is not im
probable. Palmers in England run t
Spanish dockyard at Bilbao, and the
Armstrong Company at Elswick have a
shipyard and armor plant in the I?a> o
Naples and a shipbuilding plant In Japan.
The Russian armed fleet in Asiatic
waters consists at the present time or
two battle-ships. Sissoi Veliky and Na
varin, of SSBO and 9746 tons respectively,
also the following armored cruisers:
Rurik, 10,923 tons: Rossia, 12,130 tons; Ad
miral Xachimoff, 7783 tons; Vladimir
Mousmach, 5796 tons, and Dimitri Dons
kol. 5893 tons. The cruisers and gunboats
number thirteen, with an aggregate dis
placement of 18,312 tons, making a total
Sett of 20 ships of 79,462 tons.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
L. M. Grant of Salinas is a guest at the
Grand.
F. Koltchoff of St. Michael, Alaska, is
a guest at the Russ.
J. A. Vandegrift and wife are at the
Palace from Pittsburgh
C. C. Merriman, a fruit man of Fresno,
is a guest at the Grand. «
C. C. Royce is one of the late overland
arrivals at the California.
Andrew Brown, a merchant of Kern
ville, is staying at the Grand.
George Miles of Boston is one of yes
terday's arrivals at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Board man Cann, of
New York, are staying at the Palace.
Armand Latigue, a traveler from Dijon,
France, is registered at the California.
H. Thorp of Sacramento and J. T. Cox
of Folsom are both registered at the
Grand.
State Senator E. C. Voorheis has come
down from Sutter Creek and is a guest at
the Palace.
E. A. Rockwood of Juuffalo, N. T., is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife and son.
Registered at the Occidental are J. B.
Morhead of Franklin, Pa,, and J. D-
Freeth of Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. C."S. Cook of New York
and R. W. James of Washington, D. C,
all arrived at the Lick yesterday.
B. W. Dodge of New York is at the
Lick House with his bride. He is mak
ing a honeymoon tour of the coast.
Norman H. ElHngworth and D. H. EU
lingworth are two young Englishmen who
arrived at the Palace last night on a tour
of the world.
George F. Tilton, the intrepid whaler
who came over the ice from Point Bar
row, is at the Russ with his Esquimaux
companions, Mr. and Mrs. Ticky.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph H. Cass and fam
ily of Tyrone, Pa. and Mr. and Mrs.
John Carlile of Napier, New Zealand, are
among the late arrivals at the Palace.
"Buck" Bailey, the best known of the
Puget Sound tugboat captains, is regis
tered at the Baldwin from Port Towns
end. "Buck" arrived yesterday with the
Corona, which he towed down to this
port from aie Sound. "Buck" commands
the Tyee and is known to every seafaring
man who has sailed into any of the Sound
ports during the last twenty years.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FORTRESS— S.. City. The largest fort
ress in the United States is Fortress Mon
roe, at Old Point Comfort, Va,
CENTRAL PARK— Mrs. H., City.
There is no hotel in Central Park, New
York, but there is a restaurant and re
freshment place that is known as the
Casino.
CANDLES— Enquirer, City. Ornamental
candles are frequently used for decorative
purposes on tables at banquets and pri
vate parries in all parts of America.
Lighted candles in candelabra are sel
dom used at this time.
TWO TALL BUILDINGS— The Claus
Spreekels building at Th^rd and Market
streets is 327 feet to the top of the bird
cage on the tower. The City Hall dome
is 319 feet six inches to the top of the
platform on which rests the wingless
angel.
ANGLO-SAXON— A. L. J., City. The
term Anglo-Saxon is applied to the Eng
lish race; to all persons in Great Britain
and Ireland, in the United States and
their dependencies, who belong, actually
or nominally, nearly or remotely, to the
Teutonic stock of England. In the widest
sense it is applied to all English-speak
ing or Englisn-appearing people.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
House and floor . paints, stains," var
nishes, gold paint, liquid glue and paste
in small cans for family use in Artists'
Material Department at Sanborn &
Vails. •
The will of the late Isaac A. Sheppard.
a stove manufacturer in Philadelphia,
contains provision for the payment of a
sum equal to two weeks' pay to each per
son w r ho had been in his employ two years
or more.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
.the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, rej
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teethin* or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlnalow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere f» perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado. $65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st..
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
Twelve million silk hats are made an
nually in the United Kingdom.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Cook
who uses
BAKING
POWDER
is sure of the
Finest FoodHE IS RISEN
THE air was full of the message of
the Easter bells. "Peace on earth,
good will toward men," welled from
every church tower and brought its
meaning home to those who heard. It
was a day of peace slipped into weeks of
talk of war, and on the verge of the crisis
people paused to listen to the choru3 of
iron tongues and brazen throats and to
rellect upon Its meaning.
It meant something to every one— a
great deal to many. It filled the churches
and lent its aid to the prayers of those
who thronged the sanctuaries; It wooed
the sunlight and chased away the clouds
and went with the people etfen as far as
the ocean, where the song of the bells
blended with the voice of the Bea.
It was a day of rejoicing and happiness
from the gray of the morning when nrst
the men of God proclaimed that Christ
had risen to the last note of the vesper
chime. There were special services in
most of the churches in the morning, and
again In the evening many were alight,
and thousands joined in the evening pray
ers.
It Feemotl as if the crowds had left the
churches only to seek the park, for it
looked as if the whole city was there. It
needed neither the smiling day nor the
bells, nor even a calendar to herald the
fact thai it was Easter— lt needed only
the rainbow hues of the millinery to tell
of the Eastertide.
They came In all sizes and shapes and
colors-, and the pJain in front of the band
stand looked likt- an artist's pallette dot
t' d with shades enough for a southern
sunset. lellov?— the poppy yellow that
Bhii.es bo. brilliantly on the Californian
hills— seems to have met the feminine
fancy for spring creations this year; it
was on nearly all the big hats" on the
main drive of the park yesterday—some
times the Sower itself, sometimes its
gorgeous hues on ribbon or lace or velvet.
It was a typical (^ alifornian day. and
after religious duties were over the peo
ple enjoyed it in typical Californian fash
ion.
At the Cathedral.
The papal benediction given to the
people by the Most Reverend Archbishop
Riordan was the most striking part in
the service yesterday at St. Man s Ca
thedral. It followed the solemn pontifical
high mass and the people received it *-;tli
all the fervor of the Christians who make
pilgrimages to Rome for this great bless
ing. The mass was particularly solemn,
it being one suns: only on great feasts in
the church. Father Prendergast preached
the sermon at the mass, choosing for his
subj< et "The Resurrection."
The decorations were most beautiful.
Ferns, fan palms, date palms and yuccas
surrounded the steps leading to the tab
ernacle and Bermuda and Bast India lil
ies were in profusion in the sanctuary.
During the mass the altar was a blaze of
light. In the sanctuary stood the Easier
randlf, which was lighted while the choir
was intoning the "Gloria." Thia candle
a not merely a decoration; it is one of
:he customs of the church to light '.h'.s
:andle on Maundy Thursday, and It burns
it every mass until Easter is over.
In the children's chapel in the basement
5f the cathedral the altar and sanctuary
i\. re bestrewn with calla lilies, ferns and
srriilax and white crosses decorated the
Side altars.
St. Ignatius Church.
At St. Ignatius Church the decoration
vas magnificent and beyond description. ]
Myriads of Hunts and white Bermuda
lilies covered the altar stops and the i
floor of the sanctuary. Draped In front
of the tabernacle and hanging- from
It was :i white satin banner symbolic
of purity. Around the bottom edge of the j
banner was a deep golden fringe, while '
i
RIFLEMEN AT
SHELL MOUND
National Guards and Ger
man Societies at the
Ranges.
Regular Monthly Shoot of the
Columbia Pistol and
Gun Club.
Utschig by Good Shooting Wins the
"White" Medal for the' Com
ing Month.
Hardly a box was unoccupied yesier
flay at the Shell Mound shooting range,
and an incessant firing was kept up from
tarly morning till the setting of the sun.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Woman's Reliance.
After Many Discouragements They
Turn to Munyon.
Mr». W. H. Harvey, 288 Grant Street,
.South Portland, Ore., says: "My hus-
band was troubled with rheumatism Zot.
f*ars. In May h» was only able to ■ret
around the house by using crutches.
Three days after he /began using Mun-
yon's Rheumatism Cure the pains had all
. left his hips and knees. In . three or
. four more days he was able ;to throw
away his crutches and go to work."
Munyon has a separate cur« for each
disease. At all druggists. Mostly 25 cents
a vial. Personal letters to Prof. Munyon
1,606 Arch St.,. Philadelphia. Pa., an-
swered with free medical advlc» tor any
41iea—.
on Xne top and surmounting the entire
draping was a heavy overdraping of crim
son velvet.
On the marble steps to the side of the
tabernacle were arranged golden candle
sticks and glistening candelabra. On the
extreme top of the altar were three rows
of candles so arranged as to form the
figure of an Inverted V. Directly behind
these candles, and forming a brilliant
background, was a mass of fiery tongues.
The decoration on the Virgin's altar wa?
equally as elaborate as that on the high
altar. Dense masses of lilies, artificial
roses and candles covered the entire sur
face of the altar with but few excep
tions, and that portion of the white slabs
that remaned uncovered glistened in the :
reflected l i? of the candles and lamps.
All day the shrine was illuminated, and ,
worshipers and pilgrims from all" parts !
of £ fl city knelt before the sacred effigy
of the Virgin and offered up their silent
From the time the church doors were i
m?tn opened at 5 o'clock in the morning '
until after the solemnization of vespers !
In the evening the edifice was crowded to i
its utmost capacity by devotees who '
crowd,,] the aisles and blocked entrance!
to the vestibules.
fl^v lo^ 30 mass people had to be turned '
away for lack of accommodation, and
the interior of the church presented the
appearance of a fluctuating sea of human- J
The ma was celebrated by the Rev. j
rather Freidon. president of the Jesuit !
["/"IPS ltv ™ "»ls coast, being assisted
b> the Rev. Father Butler as deacon Mr i
Mornsey (a scholastic) as sub-deacon!
and Mr. Carroll, also a scholastic, assisted I
as master of ceremonies. The sermon of
the day was delivered by Father D. Ma- •
honey on the subject of "The Resurrec
tion. ;
Third Congregational Church.
The Third Congregational Church was
tastefully decorated yesterday. Rev. Dr.
Rader's words at both morning and even
ing services told of the message of Eaiter
gladness and peace to men.
Several persons were welcomed to
church membership by the pastor, who,
after reading the services, emphasized
the appropriateness of the occasion in
acknowledging their belief In a risen
bavior.
Ihe lesson at the morning services was
from I (. orinthians, the fifteenth chanter
wherein St. Paul preached resurrection to
the unbelieving people of Corinth. The
pastor said the question asked "How are
the dead raised?" was clearly answered
by Paul, and in his exegeses quoted, "We
are sown a natural body and are raised
a spiritual body." Science had added to
philosophy the fact that nothing really
Of the National Guards CompaniesC.G.K
and F were on hand and their monthly
scores were registered in the year book.
Company X also shot for a gold medal,
donated by Major A. White, formerly en
gineer and major of the Second Brigade.
The German clubs were out in lar.c;.' num
bers and some very excellent shooting
marked the day's work.
Company X (National Guards) shot off
their scores for January and February.
The White medal was won by Corporal
Utschig, which he will wear for a month,
or until he is defeated in a subsequent
shoot. The scores are:
Downle, 32, 32; Hammer, X, 31'; Schmalz. 31,
, 31; Dewar, 39, ofi; lVitrnh, 40, 4o; Hinea, 21,
.'."; Warnekroa, 3S, 2\); Kurtz. U, 37; Webster.
47, 4-!; Wider, 37. 34; Culm, 20, 13; UtSChiff, *5,
46; Fegran, 3s, 34; Anderson, iJ, 02; Hoffman,
29, 41; Jacobson, 41, 43; Kelly, 27, 2H; Cunning
ham. 39. 43; Young, 40. 4»; Walls, l», IS; Kinn,
34, 36; Mundt, 31, 3S; Cassidy, 38, 44; Farless,
3st. 42.
Company F (National Guards), 200 yards—
Druiver, 35; Cook, 43; Fitzgerald. 36; Cleveland,
L'j; W. Cook, 4; Dowe, 31; Hawke, 2; Higgms,
7; Iversun. 41; O'Brien, lit; Nathan, 41; Dos
cher. 27; Brown, 43; Dufresme, 34; Varney, 35;
Hopkins. 42: Payne. 18; Willani, 24; Haine, 3;*;
Ohlsen, 15; Hubbard, 2; Neuman, 3<: Clark, 31;
Jones, 8>; Conn, 7; Turtun, 26; Miskel, 13; Paul,
H; O'Connor, 17; Easton, 3S.
Companies C and <j at 200-yard range— C. A.
Smith, 36; O. C. Nellson, 32; Musgrave, 40;
Menzell, 32; McCilvary, 40; English, 3J; Whit
ney, 37; A. B. Neilson, 3o; Ross, 4U; Unifred,
41; Kennedy, 39; Armstrong, 10; Cosbie, 12;
i Shaw, 31; Mueller, 40; llanshaker 33; Aitkens,
4ii; Switzer, 41; Martin, 39; Wetherby, 3i ; Grant,
3y; Swasey, 37; Williams, 30; Fauke, 32;
Mason, 33; Howe, 22; l>abney, 7; Newman, 4'N
! Meyer, 46; Larsen, 32; Norton, 44; Kintaid, 31;
Petty, 35; McCabe, 2S; Northrup, 43; Povejr, 42;
Butllffe, 43; Deppin, 32; Kuudick, 42; Stewart,
11; Butt, 35.
3W yards— Norton, 43; Northrap. 42; Mus
grave, 42; McGllvary, 29; Ross, 31; Shaw, 17;
Menzell. 42; Umfred, 32; Kennedy, 33.
ioo yards— Musgrave. 45; McGllvary, 31; Nor
ton. 47; Ross, 2T>; Shaw, 21; Menzell, 24; Uni
fied, 2X; Konnody, 32; Nurthrup, 41; Meyer, 45;
Newman, 3*; Puvey, 42.
Independent Rifles— Kornbeok, 3r<; Stademann.
36; H. Staude, 41; Laun. 8; 1". H. Bnnkman. 6;
| Lieutenant J. Staude, IS; J. H. WilKins, 11;
C Staude. 21; H. Gaetgen, 34; A. Mueller, 10;
Dietrich, 33; Moenning, 32.
Gcrmania Schutzen Club shoot for the
monthly medal— Champion class: J. I'tschig,
first, 44*3; H. Huber, second, 413. First class—
J Peters, 3SO. Second class— J. D. Heise, 396.
' Third class— William Goetze. 341. First best
| shot— A. L>. Helse, 24; who also was laat best
I shot with 20.
The result of the San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein shoot Is as follows: Championship
class— A. H. Pape, 441. First class -John Pe
ters, 414. Second class— F. Koch. 400. Third
class— X. Stettin, 3s<4. Fourth class— J. Lange
nar, 3KI. Best first shot— W. Lindermann. 24.
Best last shot— J. D. Heise, 25.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club scores:
Pistol, 50 yards— C. M. Dais, 39; A. B. Dor
rell, 47; J. E. Gorman, 47; M. J. White, 62; F.
•O. Young, 62.
First class— J. M. Barley. 61; F. E. Mason. fi r ..
Third class— J. P. Cosgrove, 76; B. P. Jones,
78: Mrs. <l. Mannell, 94.
Slebe modal— J. E. Gorman, 32, 44; C. M.
Dais. 40, 41, 41, 46, 47; F. O. Young, 40, 40, 45,
46, 47.
Roos medal and trophy for ladles, rifle, 50
! yards, offhaiid-A. B. Dorrell, IS, 20, 21, 22, 24.
l 2S; F. E. Mason, 22, 24; Mrs. M. J. White, 52.
Rifle, 200 yards, for all comers, rifle medal—
A. H. Pape. 44, 02, 64; F. E. Mason, 49; F. O.
Young, 51, 51, 53.
Members' rifle medal— A. B. Dorrell, 49; J.
E. Gorman, 60, 66.
Champion class— D. W. Mclaughlin, 54; F.
O. Young. 61; F. E. Mason, 68.
First clans— A. B. Dorrell. 71: C. M. Dais, 72;
J. E. Gorman, 73; O. A. Bruner, 96.
I Second class— M. White, 120; G. Banley, 128.
I Third class— B. Jonas, 114; G. Mannell, 114;
Mrs. White. 115; M. Carrllio, 177.
The monthly bull's-eye shoot of the Nord
, deutscher Schuetzen Club resulted as follows:
' J. Thode, 166; J. Woebcke, 560; J. Peters, 6.j;
■ Uy Sidling, 820; D. Salfleld, 827: C. F- Rust.
835; H. Huber. 940; William Morken. 1083; F.
! P Bchus<ter, 1097: Captain L. Siebe. 1219; J. D.
i Helse, 1354; J. Lankenau, 1463.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
The monthly medal shoot of Company
H, First Regiment, was held at Schuetzen
Park yesterday.
rollowing are the scores: Sergeant A. Eh
renpfort 49, Captain Warren t3. S<n-sr<ant
Mitchell 41. Sergeant Uroderick 41, Private
Andrews 38. Private ■\Veckerle 36. Private
Swift 38 Corporal Binet 37, Lieutenant O'Brien
33 Private A. Grimes 33. Corporal Donovan 32,
1 rivate McOee 32, Private Miller 32. Lieuten
ant Davis 30. Private Blake 27, Private «.
Grimes 21, Private Baker 20, Private Tlecleman
18, Private Burke 18 and Private Riley 7.
Tiie bullseye shoot lieid by the members
of the California Schuetzen Club resulted
in the distribution of prizes to the fol
lov inp members:
nnotain ottinser 89, A. Strecker 107, C. Lay
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
dies: it decays only to reappear in other
forms; that the dead are resurrected at
the moment of death, leaving- the ma
terial and taking on the immaterial form
without of necessity losing their own
identity. A study of nature reveals the
answer to the question, "How shall the
dead be raised again?" That it is in
perfect harmony with the scientists' as
sertion that the human soul possesses
functions not exercised during the pres
ent existence, hence they must be exer
cised in a future one."
The pastor called attention to the fact
that Christ's message, left with the dis
ciples after his resurrection, was one
of peace, and he deplored the fact that
each successive Eastertide has not found
chom 32.1, J. F. Robinson 400, F. E. Mason 4ST,,
C. Mover 608. Albert Ehrenpfort 620, F. H.
Hampel 673. A. Gchret 682. Joe Straub 6.»:;. F.
C. Hagerup 710, H. K. Enge 727, A. Utschii;
7.'>2. C. Nobmann 758, F. C. Muller 779, L. C.
I'yen S3O. O. Bremer 857. D. W. MoLaughlin
961, Charles Thlerbach 1029 and D. B. FakU>r
1071.
OLD LAVENDER
STILL FRAGRANT
Edward Ha-rrigan Appears
Once Again in a Famous
Part.
The Easter Opening of the Hyde
Comedians at the Orpheum a
Big Success.,
13d ward Harrlgan has grown much
older than when we saw him last, and
the play of "Old Lavender" has aged
even more than its author-actor, but
Harrigan is still an actor of remarkable
originality and personal spell, and last
night his characterization of Old Lav
was attended with sympathy and admira
tion by an audience that more than
comfortably filled the California Theater.
Even the oldest and staunchest admirer
of Harrigan and his art could not wit
ness a performance of "Old Lavender"
to-day and call it more than a series of
Dickinesque character studies threaded
on the slightest of melodramatic stories*
It is the best that Harrican has ever
written, and still a great wry short of
being a real play. But for all its unreal
ity of plot and reckless bursts of song
there are several characters in it which
are not soon forgot, and one. Old Lav
himself, which already has become al
most a classic among the few memorable
figures of the American stage. There i.«
something unerringly human in Harri
gan's Old Lav— his very extravagances
seem natura.l and consistent, his humor
is good humor of the rarest sort, and his
pathos is quietly and gently tru<>. The
years have not relaxed Harrigan's grip
on the part with which his best efforts
have been identified, and while his pres
ent company and scenic outfit are not
first-rate, there is enough character in
the performance to make It curiously and
genuinely attractive.
• --'"■•
The Easter matinee at the Orpheum
disclosed an entire new bill in Hyde's
Comedians, as clever a vaudeville band as
has been here since the palmy days of
the Boston Howard Atheneum show.
There are seven turns; none of a fastidi
ously high grade, but all plain, out and
out variety acts, clever, capable and just
the sort admired by the better class of
persons who patronize the Orpheum— just
the sort that have been the exception
there rather than the rule during the last
six months. The one serious fault in yes
terday's performance was the exagger
ated length of several of the acts, the
seven being stretched out to cover the
time usually devoted to nine or ten.
Mclntyre and Heath, old-time minstrel
men, have a sketch of peculiar humor
and idiosyncratic charm which needs only
condensation to be a gem; John T. Thorn
employs a very comical personality in the
skit called "The Rustic Actor," but he
lingers longer than is tactful; and Charles
R. Sweet, who, perhaps, is the only man
on any stage who can interest an au
dience with tricks on the piano
forte at this time of day, overstays him
self in a lengthy monologue.
The other turns profit by their celerity
Williams and Walker do a spirited fifteen
minutes of song and step, contrasting in
their persons the linen duster nigger and
satin-faced coon, winding the act up with
a lively cake walk, in which participate
two prancing ladies of authentic choco
late tint and a sumptuous drum major
The Great Lafayette is greatest In his
caricature of John Philip Sonsa, whose
little vanities of the baton he hits off
delleiously; and Ajax, tbe boneless gen
tleman, executes some marvelous convo
It more fully understood. He spoke with
sorrow of the present cloud of strife
lowering over the horizon; of the tur
bulence of the masses clamoring for war.
I He feelingly exhorted the exercise of the
; spiritual in man which, he said, will ren-
I der war a thing of the past.
St. Luke's Episcopal Church.
St. Lukes Church began its Easter ser
vices with early celebrations of the Holy
Communions at 7, S and 9 a. m. The rector
was celebrant at 7 o'clock, when tfao
church was thronged with worshipers.
\ Mr. Shaw, assistant priest, cele-
L "• d at 8 and 9 a.m., and the rector was
celebrant again at 11 o'clock. Great num
bers of communicants approached the
altar. It being estimated that 750 received
the Blessed Sacrament during: the day.
At 11 o'clock many scores of people had
I to turn away regretfully from the front
door, as the seats and aisles were filled
The rector, Rev. \V. H. Moreland,
, preached an Easter sermon from the text:
"Christ is risen from the dead, and is be
come the first fruits of them that slept."
He said: "We stand to-day before the
; vi*lon of a future life. We think of our
immortality. We prize every evidence
,of this great truth. We look with
: out and within us for some pledge that
we are not to perish in the grave. Nature
i tells us of a resurrection. A voice within
j each of us calls out loudly of our undy
1 ing nature nnd glorious destiny. I shall
; not be annihilated, is the language of cre
ation. Most convincing of all we see
| Jesus Christ risen from the grave, and
: clothed with immortality, thus on Easter
we stand surrounded by many and glori
| ous proofs of a future life."
Mr. Moreland urged as evidence of a
. future state the immensity of the uni
v^rsr he infinite variety of life, the im
pose • ty of annihilating matter or force,
the i \ ience of design in creation, the
! large .mortality among infant lives, and
! the infinite capacity of progress, which is
! a- quality of the mind, and when to this
! the resurrection of Jesus Christ is added
i the reason and the senses are convinved
I of the certainty of man's immortality.
Good Samaritan' Mission.
All the services at the Cathedral Mis
sion of the Good Samaritan yesterday
wore crowded with congregations of de
vout and interested worshipers. At the 11
o'clock service the ceremony of the dedi
cation of the handsome window erected to
the memory of the first bishop of Califor
nia preceded the regular morning prayer.
At a signal the window was unveiled, and
the beautiful work of art, bright with
color and of superb design, was revealed
to the congregation in all Its beauty.
In his sermon fbe Rev. TV. I. Kip Jr.,
the minister In charge, referred to the
lutions of himself. Helena Mora, whose
manly barytone first introduced "That Is
Love" to an Orpheum audience many
years a^o. sings several of the descrip
tive BOnga that are typical of the spieler
voiced fraternity with large effect, and
does really remarkable melodramatic
work in a song written in glorification of
the present unpleasantness; concluding
with "The Star Spangled Banner" to an
accompaniment of Old Glory, patriotic
scenery and applause that breaks the
Sabbath for blocks around.
ASHTON STEVENS.
OAKLAND ENTRIES.
To-day's Starters at the Race Track
Across the Bay.
Six races, with well-balanced fields,
are programmed for the Oakland track
this afternoon. The entries are as fol
lows:
First Race — Thrfe-qunrters of a mile; selling;
four-year-olds and upward.
573 Pescador 114: 873 Walter J 114
573 Miss Ruth 109 ST3 Atti.us lOg
f-73 Spt. McAllister. lH I 803 George Palmer.. 108
S3l Xaranja 106] 873 Mount Roy 11l
SIT Stentor 10S SOS Durwaid 108
Second Race — One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
S7l Glad Eyes 104! 826 Sir Dilke 108
871 Don Clarenclo...lo3| 717 The Dragon ....108
834 Twinkle Twink.lo7j 848 Little Cripple. ..llo
714 Peter II 113' 740 Rebekah 102
Third Race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds.
858 E. Come 1071 (853) Saintly 120
853 Primavera 104 ... Merops 102
... Polka l'» 2 ... Simi 102
870 Sweet Cakes 104 1 563 O'Connor 99
Fourth Rare — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
851 Daily R. Form. 101' 862 Tule 95
R6B Ockturuck 88 (86S)Charles Le 8e1. .103
86V p. A. Finnigan.los 562 Lona Maria .... 86
(S7n)Midian 110 865 Bonnie lone »6
525 Hohenlohe SB 758 Scintillate 86
576 Bonito 11l
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; four- year-olds
and upward; selling.
6F,4 Soffie 95 (R74)Sly 100
8«0 Wh. of Fortune. 90 611 Alvero )2
547 Summertime ...90 880 Olive 100
7i'B Meadow Lark .. 97 733 Roadwarmer ...102
8. r .4 Red Glenn 102 (569) Merry Boy 102
876 Double Quick. ...'o 827 Zarro 92
855 Midlight "95 874 Sea Spray 102
867 The Plutocrat.. S5 848 Mercutlo 100
Sixth Race— Five furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling.
m Lo Lo 11*! Wl Rontoh Rose ....111
h.",<; Miss Rowena...lo4j 775 Don Luis 101
(S42)G(K)d Friend 104 875 Floronso 103
835 Prompto »4 <S3S)Ahina 104
842 Valencienne ....104 746 Chihuahua 106
734 Town Topics 101 556 Al Koran 104
865 Blarney Stone ..109 752 Defiant 04
i6l Lone Princess. .lol SSO PluniL-ria 107
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Sport McAllister, Naranja, Attl
cus.
Second Race— Sir Dilke, Don Clarencio,
Peter 11.
Third Race— E. Come, Saintly, Sweet Cakes.
Fourth Race— Yule, Midlan, Ockturuck.
Fifth Race— Summertime, Wheel of Fortune,
Ml. Ulght.
Sixth Race— Scotch Rose, Valeneienne, Mia3
Rowena.
R. Pahl's $3 Shoes always on hand.
Agency W. L. Douglas* Shoes, 324Kearny*
HAD EYES BUT DID NOT SEE.
William Coleman Stole Money While
in Charge of a Police Officer.
Policeman Frank MacGrayan of the
California-street station is the butt of a
gre ( at deal of good-natured fun at the
hands of his brother officers on account
of a clever piece of stealing done under
his very eyes by a man whom he held
under arrest.
The officer saw William Coleman, a
wood peddler addicted to the use of mor
phine, walking up Kearny street with a
flower-pot about the size of a barrel con
taining a botanical specimen the large
ness of which would justify calling it a
tree. MacGrayan was acquainted with
Coleman and scented something wrong.
He accosted the peddler and by means of
much cross-questioning found that the
plant had been stolen from a restaurant
on Clay street.
Taking his man with him the officer
went to the eating-house and found the
lady In charge, who was not aware of her
loss until his arrival. She was greatly ex
deceased prelate as one who had gone
before, bearing witness and as resting
from his labors.
At the evening service the music was
the principal feature. T. C. West read
the prayers and the Rev. Edward Mor
gan, assistant, preached.
In the evening gold medals were award
ed George Tre.ssly and George Neuscholz
for creditable work, and John Long, John
Verdenal and John Parry were honorably
mentioned as deserving of credit.
Central Methodist Church.
Standing room only was to be found on
the sidewalk at the Central Methodist
Church on Mission street last night. As
early as 7 o'clock every seat in the body
and galleries of the church was occupied,
and yet the stream of anxious worshipers
kept pouring up the steps in the vain
hope of getting accommodation.
Dr. C. E. Locke gave a vivid portrait
of the crucifixion and resurrection of
Christ.
In consequence of the exhausted condi
tion of Dr. Locke by his day's labors the
choir, at his suggestion, interspersed some
choice solos to his evening discourse.
At St. Dominic's Church.
Mozart's twelfth mass was sung at the
services at St. Dominic's Roman Catho
lic Church yesterday. The soloists were:
Soprano, Mrs. Majnie P. W. McGlade;
alto, Mrs. H. Clark; tenor, Roberti Stan
tinl. and bass. D. H. Cuttrell. Those who
composed the chorus were: Misses M.
Lambert, F. Young, A. Mannins, S. J.
Duffy, Mrs. Brown, Misses M. Madden,
M. Ballinger, Eve Bowlen, C. Mc-
Fadden, L. McFadden, C. Farrel, E.
Farrel, K. Edmonds, M. Edmonds,
S. Sicklair, J. Buckley, M. Buck
ley, M. McKeon, L. Huklman, John Gil
more, M. Toby, J. Schmidt and T. Gil
more. Miss Daisy Roche was the organ
ist and the orchestra was composed of the
following: Miss C. Tinnon, Frank Sulli
van, M. Chester, A. Kelly, M. Buckley,
M. Millwood, violins, and J. Carrigan,
violoncello.
A special evening service concluded
with Mlllard's "Tantum Ereo." The
tenor solo was sung by Roberti Stantini.
First Presbyterian Church.
At the First Presbyterian Church Rev.
Robert Mackenzie delivered a serm»n,
taking for his text, "If a man- di^f shall
he live again? But now is Christ risen
and become the first fruit of them that
slept," Job xiv:l4, Cor. xv:2o. He said:
"The two greatest days in the history
of this world are the day of creation,
when God tirst said let there be light and
the morning stars sang together, and that
day when Christ rose from the dead and
filled the world with his increasing vol
ume of Easter songs.
"The resurrection of Christ settles the
question of anothex life. The grave is a
pertinent fact In every man's life. Shall
he live again? Life is sweet; we are not
willing to be done with it. The life of
others is doubly sweet; we are not will-
Ing to be done with them even at the
grave. The mother never sees the da^y
when she is willing to lose her children,
and after they are gone there are no
waters of Lethe where she may find for
getfulness.
"Would the question of immortality
ever nave become a certainty were it not
that over in the long array of graves this
one of Christ is open and empty? Life as
we know it is connected with the body,
nor can we forget the dust. But as the
almond tree blossoming in February tells
us of a power at woric that will bring all
the trees of the garden into bloom, so
the open grave of Christ tells us of a
power at work at whose voice all that are
in their graves shall come forth."
! cited when she learned of the stealing of
her flower and rushed to the back of the
place to Inform her husband. Officer
MacGrayan's eyes followed her, and
j while his eagle optics were turned to
ward the lady Coleman cast his on four
' half-dollars which were lying on the
! counter, and allowed his hands to follow
them. The lady returned, failed to see
, the money she had left and set up a wail
1 that she would not be able to pay her
: butcher, as some one had robbed her of
j her silver. A search of Coleman revealed
the cash, but as it will be held for evi
dence the butcher must wait for his .pay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0 0 0.0 0000 O O O O
I© A real °
ggood ■ S
o time — 2
o °
q Can be counted on when shop- ©
q ping in our place, with its grand- © jest
© est line of beautiful furniture in ©
O San Francisco. In parlor pieces, Q
\ O such as the one pictured above, q
® we have an entire floor devoted to; q '
® every beautiful design that is made. ©
° ' ~~~~' * . '•- : «
O Our Mission-street low prices on o
O everything in FURNITURE, as O
® well as on CARPETS, Floor O
q Coverings and Curtains. ©
o ■"''. : ',\ .' I■ — ■:-■ ': ; I■ ©
% INDIANAPOLIS 0
% FURNITURE S
2 CO. %
o 750 Mission St. °
o * ©
000000000000000000
AMUSEMENTS. .
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL
MATINEES APRIL 13th and 15th.
; -. EVENING OF APRIL 14th,
LITTLE PALOMA SCBRAMM,
. ,-•'.'-. The • Wonderful : Child • Musician. ; -. .
■ Seats on : Sale This Morning, ; 9 O'clock. Sher-
man/ Clay & Co. .Prices, $1; Children, 60c. • ■ . .,'
HI V M DI A ' '■"" Corner of . Miion «nd .
UL.xmriA — Eddy Stw#ts>
America's most beautiful •-' Music , Hall.
GRAND l ASTER ! BILL : : MANDOLA, master
of equipoise; > ELL WOOD, ."-• female ; Impersona-
tor; CARLTON SISTERS, Trilby dtfncers;
TUNISON. : operatic : star; v INEZ & ANTOIN-
ETTE : ana - others. ; House heated. - Admission
ft**'-;-..'- :•';.'.-.•■■••-■,-'■:" ■-■ - "- - -.'. -r- ■ ,: ■'■ y
ADVERTISEMENTS.
81 83 ?S SS 88 82 82828282 82 8382 52 825282 %%8282 82 82 82 82 82 52 82 52 82 82 82 82 Si SS
88 " , _- . • "<-.-.-i. '';'"<■ ",'" ' 88
PARIS :
g| DRY GOODS COHIPANY. g
1 SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT. I
88 We are now showing a most COMPLETE and Beautiful !^
28 Assortment of "NOVELTIES" in V.; «
a : . . COLORED DRESS GOODS . .I. la
82 Including the Latest and Most Exquisite Creations in . *.
| % . . COLORED GRENADINES . . ';
88 Which are all the Rage in Parir «
S? • *^
S EXTRA INDUCEMENTS FOR THIS "WEEK. «
S3 ■ 8^
8S 55 pieces Imported "Vigoreaux" . . . $4.50 full suit «
88 SS
8j 27 pieces All-Wool French Grenadine. . $9.00 per suit B
•J 35 pieces 56-inch Diagonal Suitings, all choice color-
88 ings ..... . . . . 75c a yard
88 ■ : ■- — r— v"'"- •'■""> 'S^'ss
88 DRESSMAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY. 83
§ Don't Fail to Visit Our Elegant Millinery Dep't. 5
** COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. 8?
5 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
55 SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. v «
85 UNION SQUARE. ' > '^ ' c«
?g 82 88 SS SSBSBSSBBSBSgSBSBS 88 88 ?3 SS S3S3 SS 83 88 SS SS SS ?S SS % % % gS % gS 88 gS ?2 a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT,
• HOYT'S New Comedy,
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
Presented by Hoy t & McKee's Own Company.
A Superb Organization of Clever Comedians
and Pretty Girls.
Coming— PURSLx:. ,
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
HEARTILY RECEIVED, AS OF YORE.
The Famous Author Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
And a Select Company, Presenting His Mas-
j terpiece, .
"OLD LAVENDER!"
Up to and Including next Sunday.
Prices •...-.15c, 2">c. 50c, 73c
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50c.
i EXTRA-
THREE NIGHTS— 19. . 21 and 23.
GRAND OPERA IN ITALIAN!
Walter Damrosch and Charles Ellis have the
honor to announce the premiere and only ap-
pearance of the pre-eminent "QUEEN OF
SONG," MADAME
..MELBA..
• Supported by the _ V-
DAMROSCH'ELLIS GRAND OPERA CO.
Repertoire— "Traviata," "The Barber of Se-
ville" and "Lucia." 
Prices....... $7, $8, $.", $4. $3, $2: boxes $40
Sale of boxes and seats opens THURSDAY.
COLUMBIAJTHEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK— MR. JAMES A.
. '.HERNE . • .
In His Original Creation of
NATHANIEL BERRY.
In His Beautiful Comedy Drama,
"SHORE MCRES."
Direction Henry C. Miner.
Next Monday— MAßlE JANSEN.
In "DELMONICO'S AT SIX."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mus. Ernestine Kkelisg. Proprietor Si Mauasa.-
THIS EVENING— . ]
Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque.
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
■:■ An • Arabian Nights' Dream of Loveliness.
A SUPERB CAST— BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
Appropriate Accessories. Brilliant Light Ef-
fects. «
The most perfect home . production ever of-
fered.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always ' open. No telephone.
ALCAZAR SEAT^o^
n,i-<vn^n.i\«.-. main 254.
TWO HOURS OF SOLID LAUGHTER.
TO-NIGHT.
THE STRANGE ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN !
FUNNIER THAN CHARLEY'S AUNT.
Prices ....13c, - 23c, 35c, 50c
I was riding bnWe Brooklyn elevated, said a lady, when I noticed j
two nice looking men sitting opposite me who were reading the ad-]
vertising cards over my head. '■. I heard one of them read :
. " Open your mouth and shot your eyes __
And'l ll give you something to make you <v!se."
h Whereupon the other said: "That is an advertisement of -; Ripans
— They're a good thing ! I know that from my own experience.
I used to have occasional headaches that spoiled a day for me. About
; two years ago I learned about the Tabules and they stave off the head-
ache every time. I carry them in my vest pocket regularly now." .
" I must look into that," said the other man, for I too hay«
: headaches now and then." ; : v . V ' • -
'.'Well," said his friend, "Ripans t Tabules will break them up.
Here ! take one now," added he, producing a vial from his vest pocket.
"And," says the lady, the man swallowed the Tabule then and
"■"there." .-*',"".' '•"" ' J/.'
A new style packet containing ni tjCbuuu In a paper carton (without glow) la now for tale at some draff
: ttorew-roit »m cum. Thti low-prload tort Is Intended for the poor and the economical. > One dosen of torn
a*e-oont cartons (120 tabslea) can be had by mail by sending forty-eight cent* to the BlMjni Cmiuan. Ooa> '
.'. Maxj. i>o. 10 Bbtuc* Street, Kow Tark— a tlnrto oarton (rax iabulii) will b«i tent for dTe oeata, -. - < - '
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Magnificent Spectacular . Production of the
Great French Drama,
PAVEMENTS
OF
PARIS!
GRAND TABLEAUX— OF FOR-
BACH, FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR—
BY MOONLIGHT— THE FAMOUS PONT
NEUF— RIVER SEINE — EXCITING
PLOT— PARISLVN TYPES-CLEVER COM-
EDY.
EVENING PRICES, 10c, 25p, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
— .
Extraordinary Easter Week Bill.
That Strongest of Traveling Vaudeville Com-
binations,
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS: HELEN
MORA, Renowned Barytone; McINTYRE &
HEATH. Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS
& WALKER, The Real Colored Boys; CHAS
R. SWEET, the Piano Tramp; THORNE &
CARLTON. Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE, Fantastic. Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
Marvel. ' ■, ■
Reserved : seats, ..25c; Balcony 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
THE PASSION PLAY,
Reproduced From Life at •'
Y. M. C. A. HALL,
Mason and 'Ellis streets,"
Every Afternoon and Evening, at 2:13 and 8
"{ ■'"."- o'clock.
Commencing MONDAY (TO-NIGHT), April 11.
Entire Passion Play, as enacted at Ober-
ammergau and Horitz, Austria, with lectures
and grand vocal music, under direction of R
POWELL EVANS. MISS NELLIE PART-
RIDGE, MR. C. H. LARSEN. MISS HOLDS-
WORTH and MR. EVANS,' soloists; PROFES-
SOR LUCY, organist.
Admission, 25c: childrrti, l'c; reserved seats,
50c; all seats, afternoons, ">.
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
From 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Dally at the .
.ZOO IN THE CHUTES. .
"WALLACE, the Untamable Lion," sub-
dued by Captain Cardono, and attractions
without number...
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
10c to All, including Zoo, etc.: Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY. "
April 4, to April 16 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. • .
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. .
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:*), 1:00, 1:30,-2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning — leave the tracK at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m., and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres. :
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
78
CLAIMS TO
HAVE BEEN
DRUGGED
Emma Freel, Aged 13
Years, Accuses T.
Costello.
Claims That the Latter
Enticed Her Away
From Home.
Taken to the Ingleside Coursing
Park She Is Given Poisoned
Lemonede.
FOUND ON TENTH STREET.
Har Alleged Assailant Locked Up
In the Central Pulioo
Station.
Emma Freel. aged 13 years, who lives
with her parents at Twenty-ninth and
Mission streets, claims she was induced
t • !,. r borne by a man named Tom
CostellO yesterday afternoon, who after
Caking her to [ngieside, drugged her. Last
evening they were found staggering along
Tenth street by Policeman Harry T. Day,
Who suspecting something wrong, took
them to polio* headquarters. Costello
was charged with being drunk, and the
girl subsequently restored to her parents.
Amid tears the eirl informed Captain
Bpiliane that Costello met her on the
street and asked her to accompany him
to the Inglesiue coursing track. She in
nocently accepted his invitation, and after
reaching the track he induced her to
drink a glass of lemonade, which she
claims was drugged.
"After 1 drank the stuff," she tearfully
remarked, "I felt bad and asked Tom to
take me home. He promised to do so.
and v\ -i -in incoming car. 1 im
mediately fell asleep, and did not awake
until the car reached Tenth street. We
then alighted and walked along the latter
Btreet to Howard. Juat then a policeman,
who had been following us, accosted us
and a>k.il me where I was going. 1
. j was on my way home, but evi
dently doubting my story, he placed us
under arrest.
"I know I did wrong to £O to the track
with a man," innocently remarked the
girl, "but ;*-s he was acquainted with my
mother 1 did not think he would harm
me. 1 will never go out with another man
unit my mother is with me."
A short time afterward the mother of
the girl appeared at police headquarters
to claim her offspring: As she entered
Captain Spillane's office she caught a
glimpse of her daughter, and clenching
her list approached her with the evident
purpose of severely chastising her. Cap
tain Spillane, divining her purpose, stopped
her and commanded her not to punish the
girl.
"This is awful." bemoaned the woman.
"My G.hl: what is to be done?"
A young man, who accompanied her,
announced that he was sorry that he had
not met Costello with the girl.
"He would now be occupying a slab in
the morgue," he remarked. "Shooting is
too good for such a creature."
Mrs. Freel then took her daughter's
hand and left police headquarters. She
intends to have Costello arrested to-day
on a more serious charge, providing she
can corroborate the story of her daugh
ter that she was drugged.
Lost week we received thirty-nine new
patterns of moldings for picture frames,
all of which will be on sale this week
They are very nice and very cheap. San
burn, Vail •& Co. •
GOLDEN GATE LODGE, P. B. O. E.
Albion Hall In the Alcazar building 1
was crowded last Friday night by those :
who accepted the invitation of Golden
Gate Lodge Xo. 6 of the B. P. O. E., to !
attend its stag social, which commenced j
at 10 o'clock and was kept up until 1.
Like all entertainments of this charac- i
ter. giv<-n by this wide-awake lodge, it ;
was a great success and the programme I
that was presented was made up of short
addresses, s.me and stories. The com- I
mittee on entertainment was Henry H.
Davis, W. M. Joseph! and John H. Har
ney, but the latter was not present. In
addition to the programme there was !
presented sandwiches and refreshments,
without limit, to the members and guests.
Charles Bates of the Alcazar Theater:
Company was master of ceremonies and
Jack Coefield was the able-bodied po
liceman who brought before the presid
ing dignitary- all who were selected as I
subjects for fines, some for doing what
he thought they ought not to do, anl
Others for having done what others were
fined for having done. Trustee H. H. i
Davis delivered a short address on the
lodge, its standing in the fraternal world
and the charitable work in which it is
engaged. Those who contributed to the
evening's entertainment were Ed Firmer, i
Dan Hanlon, J. Linehan, Doc Nichols A
B. Tread well. C. Bates. William lieffer
nan and Messrs. Cordell, Bernard, Clay
ton and others.
TOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
The hop that is to be given in Native
Puns' Hall next Thursday evening by the
Toung Ladies' Institute Xo. 7 promises to
be one of the most delightful affairs in
that line that this institute has ever
given.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V; ;
OmiJTLetWHISKY get the BEST
\Vi 9 of >' 011 ' GET the BEST of
Ull I WHISKY, which is the
M &zzr GENUINE
MX* 1 DISTILLERY
•v ' ■;'•- A | BOTTLING OP
t# OLD
£in PEPPEI
I jH^"£l™jY. AUJ Bottled md Distilled
fe^MSSSS"- ■ lAS p pppppn
PIPS co.,
» '/ • — <Ji»--Jr : Lexington, Ky.
' *M«J5Ci^&l?F > — --"" Under the me FOR-
• /! "t^T ' MU LA for more than 103
iT <T!*!l9'*- yi *•"*' i YEARS; is g-ja.-antood
„ ■ V~ M? 2£?? r- v - : \' ABSOLUTELY the
6 ' '"/> J<^a?ssP " I PUREST tnd BEST in
GlI ffi^ jfy/U'r-tC.C SAMPLE CASE $15
iTJi^t^^Kt^ oAMrLtUAStSIS
%L liTl l'l 'i^THrn"*^ Sent on trial; which. if
rA ' "* is< >c <or y. can be
"^^ cal S«BQ^^^^ returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL &~ CARROLL,
30<5 Market Street, *
Sole Agent* for the Pacific Coast ' . '
PEPPER COUPONS
A LIVING STATUE.
The Mysterious Case of Miss Wilber, WJ)o Was
Poisoned by Carbon Monoxide.
A MODERN GALATEA.
High up in a southwest room on the third story of the house, where every
warming, health-giving beam from the pun may enter, a beautiful woman lies.
She breathes, she sleeps, she takes nourishment, yet she lies in a trance, like
a lovely princess in an enchanted tower high up In her airy chamber, in the
world, yet not of it; a type of healthy girlish grace, yet motionless,speechless,un
conscious of the loving care that watches over her, of the tender skill of her
physician's touch, of the ideal conditions that surround her, facilitating her
wakening to youth and love and life.
It is just seven weeks since Miss Ellda Wilber spoke her last good-night to
her family. She went upstairs to her room and lay down for a moment on a
couch. The window was open, the gas half turned on, and Miss Wilber fell asleep.
The breeze extinguished the flame and the next morning her people found her
unconscious. Since that time the accomplished, lovable daughter of the house
is gone; spirited away by the deadly magic of monoxide poison, and in her place
there has been substituted a reclining Galatea, whom neither prayers nor tears
will vivify. The gentle heart has grown obdurate, the s ympathetic ear has
become deaf; the gentle hands do not feel; the beautiful eyes do not see.
It seemed to me when I saw this breathing, living statue yesterday that she
was just on the point of speaking. That is the way she impresses one. The
pretty color in her cheeks, the round, soft contour of her face, the delicate nose
and purely beautiful lips, and the great eyes, which seem to lack expressiveness
for just a moment, as a baby's do when sleep haa just left them— the whole
face, so nun-like, so serene, with the fair hair rippling back from the white fore
head, one is confident, must be immediately irradiated with consciousness, with
intelligence. But nothing disturbs the placidity of the beautiful sleeper. When
the whole city and every living creature in it shuddered at the shock of the great
earthquake two weeks ago, one child of humanity refused to acknowledge
nature's dread power. Serene, calm, unmoved, unaware of danger or terror, this
girl alone of ail San Francisco's 300,000 people did not feel it. The mightiest con
vulsion of nature, as well as the tenderest tie of humanity, is nothing to her.
Every physician of note has been called to 2228 California street in consulta
tion. All the wise men of the West have been drawn into this case by the
mystery of It and the parental care which spares nothing to solve it. One after
the other the elect of the medical world has advanced a theory to fit this unique
case and retired baffled. Of the sixteen physicians who have studied the case,
not one is ready with the solution of the enigma, which, affecting the brain
alone, has left every other organ, every function of the body, unimpaired.
A flower blooming in self-consciousness. A Diana deprived of motion, of
speech, of all her senses. No, not all of them. This girl can still feel pain, and
make known her perception of suffering by a faint, short cry that ceases when
the suffering is past.
Dr. George W. Fuller, who has watched over this c«.se with all the interest
of a physician and a friend, has not given up hope that Miss Wilber will be
restored to the world. There are signs of improvement discernible to the eyes
of those whose hourly study this strange case Is. There are gleams of con
sciousness, swiftly-passing expressions of eyes and of features that mean hope
to the watchers. Never a word has passed this girl's lips since that last good
night. At first she could take nourishment. But now. besides the peptonized
milk and beef tea administered through a tube twice a day, the patient has
learned to swallow broth from a spoon. Her temperature has fallen, and
through the long, slow days and the weary nights when this eirl who never
wakes, closes her eyes and sleeps, the nurses, the physician and the mother note
small symptoms of change, of improvement.
No one may say what effect the monoxide poison has had upon the brain
centers, while leaving the body free. There is no paralysis, nor is there hysteria,
despite the hypotheses of some of the physicians called in consultation. This is
simply an exception to all rules. The sufferer from monoxide poisoning either
dies or recovers within a few days. This particular sufferer— the day for whose
wedding to Mr. James Dunphy has passed without his fiancee's being aware of
it — does neither the one nor the other. She is half-living, half-sleeping. Whether
she dreams or not in this strange stupor, who can say? Her arms extended on
either side of her. she lies with her purely-modeled face turned upwards, the
eyes only turning now and then as if in grateful, speechless recognition of the
mother's presence or the physician's easing touch.
Below tHe head here is a model of sane, healthy organism, responsive to the
every guidance or hindrance the human machine is subject to. But In that
slumbering brain that has left the beautiful face uninformed but not in the least
vacant, the mechanism is all awry, clogged, benumbed by the poisonous gas this
girl, while sleeping, inhaled. MIKIAM MICHAELSON.
COMPASSES NOW
SHOULD BE TRUE
Magnetic Ranges Estab-
lished in the Har-
bor.
Shore Objects Defined for De
termining Needle Devi
ations.
About a year ago the suggestion was
made in the columns of The Call that
true magnetic ranges for determining the
deviation of the compasses of vessels be
established in the harbor of San Fran
cisco by the Government. The matter was
taken up by nautical men generally and a
few months later instructions were issued
to the Coast Geodetic Survey Depart
ment of the navy to undertake the work.
The result is shown in a pamphlet just
issued from the Government Printing
Office containing a chart of the harbor,
with illustrations of several of the most
prominent objects suitable for locating
ranges which can be seen by shipmasters
on entering or leaving port.
As a rule every vessel, whether of steel,
iron or wood, a sailing vessel or steamer,
bus her own individual compass errors.
They may be due to construction, the
material and method of construction in
ducing special magnetic effects, and
finally to the position given to the com
pass or compasses on ooard any vessel.
These Individual eccentricities are some
times complicated by careless stowing of
cargo or by bringing masses of iron in
too close proximity to the compass.
These peculiarities producing compass
deviations on board vessels must not be
confused with magnetic variation, which
is controlled by natural law.
The magnetic ranges for San Francisco
Buy and its entrance, now published by
tho Coast Geodetic Survey, are for the
purpose of giving the mariner and others
interested a ready means for determin
ing compass errors on board ships.
The ranges and compass bearings have
been carefully determined. It is only
necessary for the mariner or compass
adjuster to "swing ship," as It Is called,
over oue of the given ranges and compare
and carefully note the difference between
the reading of his vessel's compass and
the true bearing as given In the official
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
publication. The recorded differences
permit the making of so-called "devia
tion cards," giving a correction for each
ship's compass courses. These "devia
tion cards," if carefully made and used,
enable the mariner to correct the indi
vidual eccentricities of his ship to so
correct her compass courses as to make
them conform to nature and the geo
graphic declination of the charts.
Free, 1 month's treatment. New cure. Asthma
cured to stay cured. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine at.
IN THE HANDBALL ARENA.
In the City Courts With the Little
Worsted Ball.
With a charming day and two well
equipped handball courts there was no
lack of sport in keeping the little worsted
ball in motion yesterday.
At Phil Ryan"s San Francisco court at
85.S Howard street so great was the de
sire to get into the arena that lots had
to be drawn as to which team would get
the floor first.
• The games played were well contested
and some very spirited hitting was made
between the contending pairs. The lol
lowing are the scores made:
J. Leonard and M. Kenny defeated W. J.
Dunn and P. Gallagher. Score: 21-14, 16-21,
21-20.
P. Ryan and P. Rodgers defeated G. McDon
ald and M. McNeil. Score: 21-15, 13-21, 21-17.
P. Hutchinson and T. Foley defeated M.
Bnsch and E. White. Score: 21-16. 14-21. 21-111.
H. Shay and M. Maher defeated T. Regan
and R. Shields. Score: 21-17, 18-21. 21-15.
R. Housman and P. Duffy defeated E. Barry
and J. Hogan. Score: 21-18, 16-21, 21-ly.
j J. Collins and E. C'urley defeated it. Murphy
and M. M&KUire. Score: 21-14, 16-21, 21-20.
L. Waterman and D. J. Sheehan defeated N.
J. Prendercast and J. R. Bockman. Score:
21-16. 14-21. 21-18.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated J. C.
j Nealon and M. J. Kllgallon. Score: 21-16, 18-21.
I 21-20.
J. Rlordan and E. Toy vs. J. White and R.
! Llnehon, each side won two games. On ac
! count of darkness the final same was post
! poned until next Sunday. Score: J. Rlordan
and E. Toy. 21, 21, 13, 10. J. White and R.
j Llnehan, IS, 12, 21, 21.
Those who could not find accomrrcdfi
tion at Ryan's hied themselves to Shaw's
Occidental Court at 120 Grove street,
where a few were provided for in addi
tion to the regular patrons of this court.
The following scores were made at Ihia
place:
L. Kenny and B. Clements vs. J. Shaw and
Al Hassell, 21-17. 11-21, 21-14.
G. McGulrc ami T.'Fay vs. T. Lydon and
J. Condon, 21-IS, 18-21, 21-20.
W. Collins ami W. Craig vs. Al Collins and
F. Mulinlx. 21-lfi, 20-21, 21-19.
George Hull and F. Bauch vs. C. Duffy and
B. Bowers, 21-16. 17-21, 21-19.
"Cyclone" Hayden and C. Antron vs. George
Lovely and 1). Mahoney, 21-16, 15-21, 21-18.
F. Fletcher and J. McDonald vs. G. Tate and
T. Ward, 21-14, 17-21, 21-13.
T. Reardon and J. Romer vs. TV. Kane and
D. O'Connor, 21-20, 19-21, 21-18.
Fred Holmes and F. Briggs v«. H. Bohlman
and J. Barry, 21-19. 17-21, 21-16.
F. - Cummlngs and S. Hennesey vb. G. Alex
ander and C. Swlenfort, 21-16, 14-21, 21-8.
J. Prendergaat and C. Hayden vs. J. Condon
and E. Antron. 21-17. j»-2l_ ai-i*.
DEVOTIONS BY
THE MASONS
Templars Hold Solemn
Services in Honor
of Easter.
First Congregational Church
the Scene of the Cere
monies.
A Similar Ceremony Observed, in
Trinity Presbyterian Church
on Capp Street.
One of the most Impressive religious
demonstrations In comnv-.moration of
Easter was observed at the First Congre
gational Church last evening by^ the
Knights Templar of California Command
ery No. 1.
The Interior of the Mason-street edifice
was one blaze of light and the ceremony
for grandeur and solemnity was such as
is seldom seen outside the Masonic
Chapel. The order of services was well
defined and included, in addition to the
usual chanting of hymns and the recital
of prayer, several eloquent addresses by
prominent prelates.
At the first burst of melody from the
great organ the outer doors leading from j
the street to the interior of the church ;
were thrown wide on their hinges and the
"Knights," clad in the full insignia of
their order, filed into the church In solemn
and dignified procession, marching to j
their place of honor Immediately in front ■
of the chancel rail. At a word from the I
Eminent Commander a rustle of spangles
and the swish of cross belts were heard,
and the "Sir Knights" had assumed an i
attitude of attention and awaited partic- i
ipation in the ceremony in honor of the ;
ascension of the Redeemer. The services '
were opened by the pastor of the church, !
Rev. G. C. Adams.
From the commencement to the last
word uttered in the long devotional exer- j
clses they were most devout and inspiring.
One of the most striking features of the
■01 Vice was the oral confession of the
Knights on bended knee before the min
later. The prayer beseeching forgiveness j
in substance was as follows:
Loving: and merciful Father; we humbly con
fess our sins before Thee; we have often trans- '
gressed; we have gone astray like lost sheep !
from a tender shepherd; we have done those
things that we should not have done; we have
left undone those things that we should have !
done, but Thou art a loving Father; Thou art i
all compassion; thy tender mercies are over ■
all. Forgive us, then, our sins, O Ix>rd, and :
may we live with Thee in giad submission to
thy will.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the '
word of command was given and the I
devout knights formed In martial array.
They marched out into Post street and j
tnence to the Masonic Temple, where they i
disbanded.
The sermon of the evening was dcliv- |
ered by the Rev. George C. Adams upon i
the text of "Christ the First Fruits of
Them That Are Asleep." Rev. W. E. '
Smith, prelate for the commandery, was
also in attendance and delivered a short
address.
The music was of exceptional merit, i
being rendered by the choir of the I
church, consisting of the following sing
ers: Soprano, Mrs. B. E. Paxton; con
tralto, Mrs. A. E. Story; tenor, Samuel
D. Mayer; basso, J. F. Fleming. The or
gan accompaniment was rendered by S. !
D. Mayer, who also assisted as director j
of the choir.
The principal officers of the command
ery present were: Commander John P.
Fraser, Generalissimo Charles H. Wilson !
and Captain-General Frank Titus. The
decorations in the church were elaborate
and magnificent. In -the, center of the
great organ was an enormous cross com-
Sosed entirely of white Bermuda lilies,
urrounding the reading desk and hiding
it from view was a mass of pink roses, I
entwined In delicate streamers of smilar.
To the left of the chancel rail was tne
American Stars and Stripes, while on the
extreme right were erected the colors of j
the Masonic order.
The services at Trinity Presbyterian i
Church last night were made doubly
memorable, by the attendance, in a body, i
of Golden Gate Commandery No. 16, !
Knights T«»mplar. As the Sir Knights en- |
tered the edifice the organ burst into mcl- i
ody, playing a prelude, during which the
Sir Kniglits were seated In front of the : ,
chancel. The services of the evening |
opened with responsive exercises, fol
lowed by an invocation, during which all !
Sir Knights remained standing. It closed j
with all chanting the Lord's Prayer with '
bowed lu-ads. After responding* to the j
Easter pealm a Scripture lesson Wcis read
by Sir Knight Alexander N. Carson,
pastor nf the church, who also delivered
an Impressive sermon appropriate to the !
occasion. The music, which was rendered !
by a quartet, was especially good.
FRENCH HOSPITAL STAFF.
Appointments Made at the Last
Meeting of the Directors.
At a meeting of the directors of the
French Hospital, held Friday, the follow
ing physicians were appointed on the
medical staff of the institution:
Surgeon, Dr. H. B. de Marville; assist
ant surgeons, Dr. R. Lorini and Dr. M.
Krotoszyner; gynecologist, Dr. Oscar J.
Mayer; assistants, Dr. E. S. Howard and
Dr. V. G. VecJd; specialist on nervous
diseases, Dr. E. O. Jollineck; pathologist.
Dr. P. K. Brown; resident physician. Dr.
V. E. Putnam; visiting physician. Dr. de
Chantreau; city physician. Dr. 1,, de Cor
val; oculist. Dr. R. Plschel; dentist, Dr.
Louis E. Brun.
They will hold office for a year.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Court Yerba Buena at its meeting last
Tuesday ni^ht Initiated three candidates,
and under the head of good of the order
there were a number of addresses of great
Interest to all present in relation to the
order and the progress that it Is making.
On next Tuesday ni«;ht Ben I. Solomon,
the recording secretary of the court, will
entertain the members with select read
ings from Campbell, Shakespeare and
modern writers. Ben Is a good reader,
and it is a treat to listen to him.
THE WORKMEN.
The entertainment that had been an
nounced by Franklin Lodge for last Fri
day nipht was posponed until the 29th
inst., when a first-class programme will
he prf-sentfd and a dance will follow. In
the lodgerofim of this lodge there was a
large attendance of members of the order,
who passed a pleasant evening in listen-
Ing to an impromptu programme pre
sented under the direction of the chair
man of the committeee on entertainment,
S. Hoffman.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B^OFFICIAL EYF'IB
; W of the Japanese ) Inspectors is M
W on every pound of w
I Japan *fea 1
E oflFered for shipment. Only that i
Ek which is absolutely pure and of M
Hknigh quality is allowed to leave '
Bk that country- Am
Bkk. A " grocers sell It.
• ADVERTISEMENTS. y?
•♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦#
SHOE COy^//
: today §|
+ We begin another of our .+
■ > sensational unloading of +
i *♦■ fine, up-to-date Shoes. +
♦ Every Shoe-buyer in San ♦
i + Francisco remembers »
I-f the astounding bargains +
| + during our great sale of ♦
♦ last year. During this "*"
j + present sale: we are go-
+ ing to do as well or bet- +
♦ ter in every particular. ♦
♦ +
J. We have ..combined. ♦
\% the strck of all ♦
♦' our retail stores, t
+ Including that of our big ' ♦
\ + OAKLAND STORE, which ♦
! ♦ will be placed on sale to- +
■^ day. Carrying -this . tre- +
+ mendous stock, we' must ♦
I > sell quickly, and to sell *
' ♦ quickly we are going to +
"*" sell cheaply. -f
♦ Every pair of Shoes goes I
I at Reduced Prices.*
v We ask you to pay >
I only one-half of what ;
■■■♦. you have been paying ;
X at other stores. ? ; |
>"- '• '• —' ' ' .-'-. +
> Every pair of Shoes warran- ♦
> - ♦
♦ ted ; yoar money refunded if >
+ :■—. :. :..> ■■. ■:. .• . - f-
♦ not as represented. ♦
+ In many instances we have ~ •♦■
a reduced prices so that cer- .a.
tain lines will be sold for one-
"♦" third and one-fourth of their "♦■
+ real values. +■
♦ It will pay any family to bay *
X a year's supply of Shoes daring *
"*■ this sate. / . +
+ . +
+ Shoes and prices now shown +
» in our show windows and on our +
+ bargain counters. You are cor- +
♦ dially invited to examine, even if +
+ you do not buy. *
♦ ♦
+ TERMS OF SALE ♦
! NOLAN 8R05.,:
PHELAN BUILDING, "£
+ 812-814 MARKET ST. ♦
♦ ■:> PHONE 5527. +
: - -.'•'- * - +
B. H. PAUL'S
. NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION, ■
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH 01 10 0
PERSIAN lI UUU
With his last stock,- before his departure to
. . . Alaska, ■ ' ;
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING TUESDAY, APRIL 12. ,
: DAILY AT 2 P. M., .■.".
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goods
at your own prices. ~ i: . -.-■--.
•-.;. N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
DR.MCNULTY.
TniH V.'EU. KXOWN AND RKUABL7: OT.t.
. IVlvatP.Xervoils.'tiri.K! and Skin
Dlseiises of Men only. Miinly Power resloreil. Ovir
. 20years'»>xpprleiice". Send for Book, free. : JVlli'iit."
cured nt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to;«
: dally;6:3o tnB.3oev'frß.- fijridays, 10 to 12. Consult..
tloufree and sacredlyconfldeutla'. : Tail or address
' P. RostoE nckiiliTt; m. !»., '*.
26VC Kcnrn.r Klrrrl .S»u Franviuu. «'«l
/q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S o«*t
Kibn Museum of Anatomy
jBTCI 1051 1£1SIET ST. hit 6th * 7th, S. P. C*L
M T»Tw The L»rc*itef hi kind In Uu World.
I<B§&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Y «WB Coniu!t»tlon free. Writ« for Pool:
y\ I *? Wlotophy of Marriage.
• A MAILED mCC.
ADVERTISEMENTS. , ____^.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-H-«-"-"- B-"~"-"~7B -"~" - "~7
H
111 i Or^pg PAKIb:
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
CLOAK and SUIT I
DEPARTMENT. ■
g
Ready-made Organdie Costumes, elegance and ■
style unsurpassed, at moderate prices. . 1
Ready-to : wear Tailor-Made Gowns in exclusive |
imported designs, a variety of which was never be- ■
,fore displayed in this city. B
Imported Fancy Capes in chiffon or open work I
applique, the very choicest in the market. i
■
OUR SPECIAL LEADER THIS WEEK. D
Elegant Quality BROCADED BLACK SILK DRESS SKIRTS at $7.50, worth $10.50. j .
DRESSMAKING and TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY. |
Don't Fail to Visit Our Elegant Millinery Department. . ■
JUST EC I Y/ED-A complete assortment of the Celebrated B
REV NIERG LOVES, IN ALL SHADES. a
Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Attended To. i
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, t
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. 1
UNION SQUARE. . |
Beware of Imitations
ilfr^. In© |
i yKorcestcrshiretf)
JOHN HUNCH'S SONS, AatKTS, NFW v. BY.
#590ffFT Q
wuILL I
IS THE PROPeR DISTANCE"
at WH^H a Hormal eye should clearly
: DISTIHGUISH: LETTER^ <f AH *HCH UOHG. -
. , CALL and HAVE Y°UR EYES TESTED
' - FREE <f CHARGE. -i\r '.:".
. Opticians *| rßsl^v6l r &
642 Market St.
ONDtR C-HR.ONICLE BUIUDING.
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
. Telephone Brown 931. . ■
Residence, S2l California street, below Powell.
San Francisco. • . ■- • ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANGISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
PAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:IO, 1:00, 11:00 a. m.: IJ:*.
t:JO, 6:10, «:*> p. m. Thursdays— trla
at U:SO p. m. Saturdays— Ulna at VM
and 11:30 p. m. rT *";j-;" ;j -; ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO. »:»». 11:80 a. m.; V.U. »J*.
• :00, 6:20 p. in.
SAN RAFAEIj TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:50, 9:10. 11:11 a, m.| I
12:45, 8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:56 and 6:So p. m.
BUNDATS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:1* a. m.: I:4*. »:«•, j
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetaaa Park
same schedule as above. , ' .
Leave In *>fTivt ' Arrive
Pan Prauclsca o^t 11 San Fran cl»oa
1 Week I Sun- noßt^Mnn Sun- 1 • Weo\s "
Week I Sun- Destination flays- ' Week
I)av8. daya^ flay8 _ i
7 3Oa.m.!B:bo>a.m.| 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
BSop.m. !»::«^.m. Petal'ima. : 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
Kip. m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. ' 7 :35p.m.T (5:22 p.m..
.•  Fulton. i j --. ■
7 30a.m. Windsor, - 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
- . ■■• Ly tton.
. - Geyser vVUe, -
7:30 p.m. 3:00 a.m. Cloverdala ' T:Bsp.m. 6:23t».m.
~ , T~ • . ■■ I Hopland and I ; . ■
7 :80a.m. 1 3. 00a.m. 1 Uklah. | 7:86 p.m. 6:J»p.m.
7-.aoa.rn. •• ~- 10:26 a.m.
8:00 a.m. j Guernevllle. ! 7:85 p.m. • '■
8:80 p.m. j • ' ! 6:?2p.tn.
7 :80a.m. :00a.m. ■ . Sonoma 10:40 a.m. I 87*O»TtaT
and . • ;
6:10 p.m. s:ooT>.m. Glen Ellen. I 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. sebastcrjoL ■lW:«oa.m.|lo:2sa.rn.
Bjop.m.is:(X)p.m.| . yoastcpoL | 7:iapm | 7 . 2 3 pm _
tapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprlngs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at - Hopland for
Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe. . Soda Bay
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs;' at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno.', Potter
Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
nell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Boonvllla.
Orr> Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Brafg, Westport, Usal. ,- • -
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at i*»
duced rates. . :.- -.-.■:• -...-••
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronlala
building.
A. W. FOSTER. ...-, R. X. RYAN. "
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Alt. ;
.'I--.'' i ■ ', ■■• -'. •■■•■...
i THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will run as
tollows: ; ■■■ . ■ - . _
Southbound. I- . | Northbound.
| . Passea- Mixed L.^..^ .' Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday , Stations. ' Sunday ,r er
Dally 'Exc'p'td — — — Exc'p'ul Daily.
T3oa.m.i 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
11:10 a.m. 12:30 p.m. Merced l-':sop.in. p.m.
ID :40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3o:i.in. 2:20 p.u»
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanrord . :45 a.m. 1:15 p.ra )
J. :1 ap. in. 6:45 p.m. Visalia 6:40 a.m. 12 p. nl
Stopping at Intermediate po In tswficn requirai
! ' cuiiiit.< nuns— At&iV.chiunV.th stf-uinboati of
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at •, p. m. daily: at Merced with
. stages to and from Bnelltnirs,.Coultervilla. etc.;
also with stare for Bornltoa. Marl posa, «tci
at Lsnkersbim wit* stage to and from Madura*
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
,;■ (Via Sausalito Ferry). \
Leave ; Ban Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, 1597: ■••;■'-•:, -'-.- „ '-'
Week Days— a. m.. 1:44 p. ■"»•,, _ ■ -
Bundays-«:00. 10:00. 11:W a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11.
THOn. COOK » SON. A««nta. Ot Marks*
street, Ban Francisco. •• -- 7 " '" : " V. J
, BAILBOAP TBAYBL«
■ 1111111 I*A€I»'IV COJirASI.
(rAoirio araTJUL)
Trnlu. mare >..,.! arc <!••• *» i»rrl»» •»
SAN PIUMVIMW, :  -;■;
(Mai?. Line, Foot of Market Street) |
UATI — FBOM AFRIL 10. 1898. — ' AKRIT»
•«:O«a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... . •» : *' A
7:00 a Fi'iiicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . lO:-t»A
7:OOa. MarjsTille, OroTille Redding Tia
Woodland ,- 2 !'2 F
7iOOa VacavUle Bn>l Kumsey ....'... 8:«3P
7:30 a Martinez, San Hftmon.Vallejo. Nav>a, „ _
Calintoga and Santa Rosa £ : *i? p
8:O0a Atlantic Kxpreia, dg.lc.i and Ka«t.. »i**T
ktilWA Mies, San .limp, .stucklon, lime,
. - Sacramento, Ms»jr»»IU«» Chico,
Tehaniaaisd I(i-<l IJlull 4t \ : l r
•8:30 a Teters, Milton ami Oakdale - •«IIOP
»:«>«a New Orleans Kx|ir«mi. Merced, Ray-
mond, Kiesnci, Ilalcrsliniil. Srnit*
U.ifl)ar». I.DH Ai. k .:lfK, DfiniiiK,
•Xl l'aiio. New Orleans and Kssi. 0543«
8:00 a Vallpjo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 19:1
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers . . . ...'.. MMOOp
l:«»r Nll<-b, Sou Ji Be aril Way Station*.. •9x4»a.
ItSwl Marti;.ezaml\Vay Stations ....*... 7t4»F
*iO«p Li»ermr>re, McLdota, Hanford and
VUalia ;... 4:15F
UTeniiore, San Jose, Nilea and Way
Stations i'CM* 5
«iO«i- MKiiii.e/., Sun llanimi. Vallejn, .
Nap*, ('Hlintrign, Xl Vermin ami *
Santa. Uiwiv . »ll»*
4iOOr Benicia, VacuTille, Woodland,
Knight* Lainlint;, Maryavillr, <>,„-
Title and SiiriHiiifiito IO:4!lA
ItSOp Nilea, San Jose, TncyaudSiockton .. 7il3r
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto. Mcrcnl, Berenda,
Fresno, Alojare (for R«ii(UVjurs),
Santa Harliara ami l,<« anislrs.. 7i45a
4t3op Santa lV Kunle. Atlantic K»|.i.- «
Tor M<»Jb»o ami I'-ist 6:43p
"Suiisot Limited," I-os Angeles, T.\
Yiao, Fort Worth, Little Hock, St.
• ■ .. Louis, Chicago and East../ §I0:15a
Tfs:3op " Sunset Limited Ann'-x," El Paso.
New Orleans and JSast §1 0: 1 5 a
«:OOr Kiiropanii Mull; O£ilm> and i:>ut.... «Ji4."Sa
0:OO !• llay»v,ir.l«. Nil.-siimi Sau .10ne....:; . 7:15 a
1 tS:OOi- Vallejo.. ■..;...'.:...'...-.....:.:* 17:43p
B:H»i-ui -,„, lix]ii'i'HS, Mucixineiiln, Maryn-
<»illc. lti-i1.11i, , Portland, I'm (jet
Siimii.l »ii.V l-:nHt ..;.. 3:13 a
SAN I.KAMUUI AM* lUVWAltlls I,»MA|,.
( Foot of Market Street.)
i'*O:«Oa ") , ... . ( 7xlsa
»:OOa Melroxe. Seminary Park, »«oz4sa.
«:OOa .... .. ... . ■ i . -10:45 a
IUOOa| ritflilmra;, Klmliurnt, 11:43 a
ill:OO\ I San l,fan.lro. South Kan 12:*3p
}l2! "°. M i .. % Le»nuro, F>tudlllo, gUSj
t*3:6n*p V Lorenro. Cherry " • " »4i43p
4:(lOp , ■ «3:43p
0:00 p.. - - »'"' C:l3p
3:30p Haj'irardii. l*
7toop ■ ... ' . :, ■: '■ *:4-Tp
« : !1JJ P i Runs through to Nlles. . ,9:, 9: i 5 '
m» ; «™p;' From Nil ts - m™%
tfllilSP > rrom^" tß - ni2:Uop
COAST lIIVIsIOM (Narrow «nnge).
(Foot of JLirket Street,)
J7i4sa Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz ...
and Principal Way Stations }SsO3p
Bilsa Newark. On terrille, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Sant a Cruz and Way
Stations.. oi3op
•2:13r Newark Certervllle, San Joee, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOjSOa
4>l3pSan Joaeaud Glenwood 0:30 a,
04:15p Boulder Creek and SactaCnis j»:«*A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mKCISCO— of Siuket Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 ■ 9:00 ]1:00 a.M. 11:00 *3:0& |3:00
' •4:00 15:00 •6:00 p.m.- : .
rrtmOllUND— Foot orßrudwtj.— "fi:Cs 9:00 10:00 A.M.
112:00 *l:00 t2:00 3:00 t«:00 *S:OOr.M.
' •CO ANT 111 VISION i»road«ans;e). 5
(Third and Townsend St».) ■
•7:OOa San .lose ami Way Stitti.ms (New L
' Aliiia<l.>n Wednesdays only) l>3op
J7i:loa Sunday Excurs'ou for San Josn, j
B«tit* Cruz, Pacific Grove : and
Principal Way 5tati0n5.............. JB:S3>
9:00 a Hun .lone, Tr«i I'inos, Santa Crux,
" Tncllic drove, raso n allies. Sail
l.nls OMspn, GiutlalHpe. .Surf and
Principal Way stiUloiis 4ilOp
IO:4Oa San .lose ami Way stations.. •«:<•<>*
' I1:3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations *Si3oa
*9i4srSan'Mateo. Redwood, Mcnlo Park.
■ Santa Clara, .Sun .lose, Gllruy,
. HoilUter, . Santa Crux, Salinas, ; t
Moutervy ami I'HCilir «irnre ...... MOiSSa (
•*:» Op Banjos*, Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove
ami Way Stations...... »9:OOa
*4sl3i- San Joso ami Principal Way SUtlons 9«43a
. •5:0«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0«33a
j| 5:3«r San .lose an.l Principal Way Stations 5:30?
6i.iop San Josoaml Way Stations 7:30p
H 1:45 Sau Josrnml Way SUtlons: ?:30p
A for Morning. - I' ft>r A f ternoon.
:*Bmi'Uvsexce|iteil.,: *8mi'Uvsexce|iteil., { Sundays only. ,t Saturijnysouly
ft Monday. Thursday an.l Saturday nighu only.
% Thursdays. • a Saturdays and Sunday*.
a .' i Saturdays. -,'j Sundays and Mondays.
li__—^ isSiiSw^iifl CALIFORNIA
I^^^P! LIMITED.
P^^^gi SAN FRANCISCO
l^S^^^l CHICAGO.
. - Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries Crst-class passengers only, but with-
out ; extra ■ charge. 
DINING CAR, v • 0
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
3% : days to Chicago, *\± days to . New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4.30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct Conner- ■ -,i in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrl'-' and depart from Market-street
Ferry. '■; San Fran- isco ticket cf flee, 6.i Market
street.' Chronicle building. Telephone Main
IEJO. Oakland office. ins I3roadway Sacra-
mento ofllct. 201 J street, ban Jose! 7 . m i
Santa Clara street. » - ; »est
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
.=';■. - Via Sausalito Ferry.
From " San Francisco.^ Commencing ' Septsmbw
> VVKtIK OATS.
For Mill Valley and San Hafael— «7«. -> m
H:S9 a. m.; »1:46. »:45.' •8:15. 6:00-Vl3 b 7™
Extra ? trips for San Rafael 'on i*Mondayt
-Wednesdays and Saturdays at U: JO d m.
:/i^?' SUNDAYS. P " "•
For Mill Valley and San rßafael-«30O. n» «.
•11:30 a.-. m.: 1:15.- 3:00. -4:30. 6:15 p7nv?'-'*'
Trains marked • run to San Quentlo.
. -J ■.:■. ■■;: THROUGH^TriAINB. " --' (rt
I:» a. m week day S ror >dero and way sta-
j tions: 1:45 p. -m. Saturdays (mixed train) tat
!,' Duncan ' Mills and way stations a. £.
■uodara tor Point Reyes and way station*.COURSING AT THE TWO PARKS.
INGLESIDE.
Ono of the largest crowds of the season
saw some excellent sport at the Ingleside
Coursing lark yesterday, and the old
time favorites went down in rapid order.
Susie, Old Glory. Connemara. Log Boy
and Seminolo went under, much to the
disgust '>f the form players, who simply
poured Mioir money into the pool boxes.
It was thought by many that Log Boy
would defeat Susie in the third ties, out
the trick was left to Patria. who sold a
6 to .'! favorite. The hares were as fleot
as the hounds, and, in consequence, the
majority of the courses were long and
exritinK. Interest throughout the day
seemed to center on Susie and Old Glory,
but their defeat caused attention to be
turned to Mystic Maid and Patria, who
ran the final.
Much oxi-itpment was created over the
consolation stake and the final between
Koo Lawn ;;n<l Glen Roy was hard fought
from start to finish. Log Boy, who has
but recently graduated from the puppy
class. Is doing splendid work, and it is
ted lhat he will carry off some good
money in t!i<- near future.
A. Sellers and C. B. Wise, president and
vice-president of the Modesto Coursing
Park, witnessed the races during the af
ternoon as a guest of Harry Brennan,
the well-known sporting man. The visit
was made for the purpose of looking iwo
the methods of training, slipping and
Judging, and the visitors lert the park
well satistled with the days pleasure.
This is h.iw it all happened:
In the all-age stake T. Butler's Susie beat
Lynch ft Maker's Dakota.; James Mosconi't.
••:i E. I> Duffy's B. B.; Connell Bros.'
I^.^; Boy i>eat J. Dean's Connemara; J Kin
katd'i Nell) Conroy beat *; Smart's Silk wood;
l>omf & Thompson's I'ntria t>--at James McCor
mlck's White Winga; T. Cronin's Magnet beat
W. DalUin'a Sinalua: J. Shea's Firt-nza beat
11. Mlchalilt'l Fireball; Deekelman & Pana
rlo"s Old Glory beat M D. Hill's General; T.
Cooney s i:;klu Bower beat Dockelman & Pan
arto'i Dacorator; James Byrnes' Semlnole beat
M Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; Coonell Bros.'
Senorita beat W. Ryan's Signal; Lym-h & Ma
hirs Mystic Maid beat Larkey & Rocks Mvr-
Ue.
Second tips— Susie beat Olien: Ixig Boy beat
Nelly Conroy: Tatria beat Magnet; (lid Glory
beat Firenza; Right Bower Ivui Seminole;
Maid i^at Senorita.
Thinl t;»-, il Log Boy: Patria beat
Old Olory; Mystic Maid beat Right Bower.
F"iirth ties Patria b"at Susie; Mystic Maid
a bye.
Final— Patria beat Mystic Maid.
In t!>> consolation Btake, D. Hooper's Kno
Lawn beat \v. Ryan's Sweet Musi.-; J. Quane's
Vallum beat E. Campbell '• Daisy. James
Quane ■ Princess Marie t»*at T. M. Rogers'
<>l£;i; W. I>alt>n's l,ady Napoleon beat Con
nell Bros.' Sir Walter; J. Murnane's Flashlight
beat I>. Kaher'a Hell of Moscow; Deckelman
A Panario'a Glen Roy heat James Byrnes' Oc
tal; K. i 'amjjbell's Bentlalu:ig beat \V.
s Famous.
First t;.'s Koo Lawn beat Vigilant; Lady
at Princess Marie; Glen Koy beat
I ■ la >ng a bye.
s X >o La wn beat Lady Napoleon;
Glrn Roy i>-at Ben« 1»" •"-.
;:»;n Hoy beat Koo Lawn.
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES, April 10.— There was a
good crowd at the coursing at Agricultu
ral Park to-day. When the new manage
ment went into effect and nearly all the
favorites were entered the sport was very
1 1 1 • 1 everything went off smoothly.
Several new dogs appeared in the field
and in a good many instances they car
ried off the honors, making excellent
scores. It seemed to be an unlucky day
for the favorites all the way through.
In the run off Van Tralle (.San Pedro)
beat lieddy Mac, Oriental beat Komeo.
Sir Jasper beat Mermaid, Cyclone beat
La Tosca, Orpheum Lass beat Trip, Lady
Wallace beat Little Tycoon, Rag Baby
beat Bryant. Snooze beat Aliso. Homer
boat Buck Massie, Ormonde beat Jack
Spratt, Kitty Scott beat Blue Bird, Bright
beat C w w a bye. Tiger beat Jack I,
Ouida. beat Ebony Queen, A B C beat
Doncaster, Reliance beat Romeo.
In tho mates race between Sailor Girl
anil Si-' 1 Saw Sailor Girl won.
In the nrst ties Oriental beat Van
Tralle. Sir Jasper beat Cyclone after a
tin. Lady Wallace beat Orpheum Lass,
Snooce beat Rag Baby after a tie, Or
monda beat Homer. Kitty Scott beat
Bright. Tiger beat Ouida, Reliance beat
A B C.
In the second ties Lady Wallace beat
Oriental. Sir Jasper beat Snooze, Kitty
Scott beat Ormonde, Reliance beat Tiger.
In the third ti<>s Lady Wallace beat Sir
Jasper, Reliance beat Kitty Scott after
two i
In the finals Lady Wallace beat Reli
ance with Heliancr- second, Kitty Scott
third, the rest divided.
NATIVE SONS.
John Poniier. a director nf Mission Par
lor Hall Asso< lation, and past president
of Mission Parlor, is a candidate for
grand trustee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ssaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacsaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I I Have Found m i
| Health and Wealth, if ;
c c#"ii#*iiwiiii v ABB 1 xXi I
I TO MEN, YOUNG OR OLD. I
» SEE WHAT DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT HAS DONE. It has 8
<> made life a pleasure for over 10,000 men during the past year. It has made &
$ them strong; it has removed all the effects of wear and tear on their bod- 0 \
W ies. It has put fire into their nerves and biood. making the old men feel »
Z< young and the young men bright, energetic and full of animal vitality. '&
L*' "Electricity is life." Fill your body with it and you will get the glow of £
~ happiness in every nerve, your brain will be clear and your step firm. #
» Are You the Man You Should Be? g
n Study yourself. You can be a stronger man than you are. You should be »
■troncer You should have more confidence In yourseir. bteel jouj nerves with «
O hXtrlc current Feol its wnrminp K lnw as Dr. Sanden's lpiectrlc Belt satur-
£ ate* your body with It. Now If you can call and see it. See what it has done for . #
a others; 10.000 cures'. If you can't call, send for the book about it, free. Call or write j
$ to-day. Don't put it off. : ■'."-: ""^T- '/_ ** j
I SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * $5000 reward * »
w 632 Market Street, San FronclHCO. "vV^ll be paid for one of ££
~ NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— these Belts which fails « j
w <ao«l£a o«l£ i hsuw SBT"S 8 T " E m T to Sp. m.: Sundays. 10 to generate a current. of . „
w to 1. Hrancheij at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204 V» Electricity. '-".".: /
« fiouth Broadway; Portlaml. Or.. OS Washington ' 0
CC street; Denver Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; #- — : » .
» Dallas. Tex.. 235 Main street.,  - , .r . ■„ . . .-.-..  . ;.->-. .r:..»
UNION PARK
The long shots had all the best of It at
Union Coursing Park yesterday, and
Bookmaker Walten was kept busy cash
ing place and straight bets upon the very
rankest outsiders. The day was a beau
tiful one for the hounds and hares, and
an unusually large crowd was In attend
ance. There were a number of "no-goes,"
and the hares were not fiuite up to the
standard, but these little drawbacks were
more than offset by several of hair-rais
ing courses. The betting in the ring was
fast and furious, and it can be safely
estimated that several thousand dollars
changed hands.
W. C. Glassons Terrona. who opened at
25 to 1, managed, by brilliant work, to
land the final stake, defeating George
Whitney's Theron. In the puppy stake
Bonita was an easy winner and a ra\or
ite, and in the final course with Pastime
she showed her supporters that there was
nothing to it. . .
The talent came home happy, for they
managed to get next on the long shots
without exciting suspicion. Ihe nest
work of the day was done by Eclipse,
who, but for the long and tiring courses
that she was forced to run to reach the
linal course, would have in all probabil
ity beaten Terrona.
The following is how the dogs ran:
In the first ties In the "Reserve 'Stake, all
age greyhounds, prizes $220. $.100. $60. $30. $30.
$30. next six $15. next twelve $5 each J. J. td
mond's Forget beat S. W. Smith's Sans Souci.
A. Johnson's Tod Sloan beat B. Dougherty
Tessle Fair. Al Austin's Douglas beat R. E. de
13. Lopez's Green Valley Maid, W. C. Mas
son's Terrona beat P. J. Rush's an Needa.
R X de B. Lopez's Camilla beat R. B. Kay s
Chit-Chat J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips beat
Curtis & Son's Chartist. George Whitney's
Theron beat W. C. Glasson's Magic, W. M.
O Neils Promise Me beat F. P. Courtney's
The Turk J. J. Edmonds Move On beat Sim
mons & Donahue's Moore's Prescription. J.
Seegerson's White Chief beat Larkey & Rock's
Hercules. R. B. Kay's Eclipse beat D. J.
Healey's Rusty Gold, E. V. Sullivan's Flying
Buck beat A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty.
In the second ties Tod Sloan beat Forget,
Terrona beat Douclas, Sweet Lips beat Ca
milla Theron beat Promise Me, White Chief
beat Move On, Eclipse beat Flying Buck.
In the third ties Terrona beat Tod Sloan,
Theron beat Sweet Lips, Eclipse beat White
Chief.
In the fourth ties Terrona beat Theron,
Eclipse ran a bye.
Final— Terrona beat Theron.
In the first ties in the Puppy Stake, limited
to sixteen entries, prizes $50. $30. $15, $15. next
four $7 50 each, F. Keenan's Royal Oak beat
1! Dougherty's Palmer Hill. D. J. Healey's
Pastime beat C. Strehl's Star Pointer. D.
Ford's Bonlta beat E. V. Sullivan's Flying
Faster, Larkey & Rock's Minerva beat D.
Ford's Handy Andy.
In the second ties Pastime beat Royal Oak,
Bonlta beat Minerva.
Final — Bonlta beat Pastime.
TRIED TO HANG HERSELF.
An Insane Woman Attempts Suicide
in the Receiving Hospital.
A midihe aged woman giving her name
as Mollie Meyers created considerable
excitement in the vicinity of Turk and
Mason streets last night by loudly de
claring that a man had attempted to
murder her. Her hands were covered with
blood, and in a wild manner she begged
the passersby to save her. A policeman
was summoned, and realizing the woman
was insane, he had her removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where she was placed
in a padded cell. Shortly afterward Dr.
Fitzgibbon happened to pass the cell In
which slio was confined and discovered
tlie unfortunate woman in the act of
hanging herself with a portion of her
night dress. Summoning several attend
ants,- Dr. Fitzgihbon had them search her
to prevent her from injuring herself.
Discussed the New Charter.
A meeting was held yesterday afternoon
at the rooms of the Labor Union, 915V2
Market street, to discuss the ne^ charter.
Vice-chairman F. Crandall, of the B. T.
Council, presided, and James N. Rose
acted as secretary.
Delegates from many different unions
were present and listened to speeches
from John McCarthy, E. L. Maulsbury
and others relative to the matter under
consideration. As many of the labor or
ganizations, owing to It being Easter
Sunday, were not represented, it was de
cided to adjourn to Sunday next at 2
p. m., at which time a meeting will be
held at the same place at which repre
sentatives from every recognlied labor
organization In the city will be present.
Eilerman's New March.
There was a particularly good pro
gramme rendered by the Park Band yes
terday, and heading it was a march, "The
Golden Jubilee. " by Charles B. Eilerman,
a musician well known here and in Sac
ramento. The piece has a lively, catchy
melody, and its appearance on the spe
cial Easter programme is proof it de
served the applause it received.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, IB9S.
SHOOK HIS
FIST AT A
PASTOR
Violent Dissension in
the Central Chris
tian Church.
Rev. R. H. Sawyer Was
Threatened From the
Congregation.
Mr. Sawyer Had Denounced
the Organization as a
"Bubble."
WILL FORM A NEW BODY.
Most of the Congregation Promise
to Follow the. New
Leader.
OAKLAND, April 10. — The Central
Christian Church of this city will reor
ganize and adopt a new name as soon
as possible. An attempt Is to be made to
pay oft the Indebtedness, which amounts
to $500, before the step is taken, but this
decision was reached at a largely at
| tended meeting of the congregation this
[ morning.
Rev. R. H. Sawyer of Montana, who
! succeeded Rev. Edwards Davis, resigned
i and refused to preach to-night or any
other time for the present organization.
! The two hours' session of discussion was
• closed when Gideon Davis, brother of the
late minister, walked up to the front of
the edifice and in the midst of a crowd
i shook his clenched fist in the pastor's
I face and said: "You have failed to prove
j your remarks, and you have no right to
i say sucn things if you cannot prove them.
'. If you keep this work up you will have
; to leave the town, for the people will
! never stand it. I knew you twenty min
| utes after you came into this city, and
I'll show you up."
The pastor had made the following
' statement concerning the church:
I have found this church in a deplorable con
dition. It is reported that I said it was "a
hiss and a by-word in this city." I have not,
but I do now say It here. Anything I say of
persons or church I stand ready to prove. It
is also reported that I am indignant regarding
my call here. I am not. I believe that it was
given in good faith. The officers were totally
Ignorant of the state of affairs or dishonest. I
look upon them as Christian men and women,
and believe that they must have been ignorant.
The church was nothing but a great bubble,
which has burst. leaving nothing but people,
not even an organization.
I want to be separated from this dis
reputable state of affairs, and if there are
sufficient people to gn out from this place and
organize a church, who want me to stay and
preach to them, I am willing to sacrifice self
and do it, but I will never preach again for
the Central Christian Church.
James B. McArthur declared that Mr.
Sawyer had insulted the church and every
member and proposed that he be given an
opportunity to prove his assertions, but
his resignation was accepted and a call
tendered to Mr. Sawyer to continue his
preaching to the congregation pending
reorganization, which was decided upon
by a majority of the members present.
To-night the congregation held a
lengthy session, when Deacon and Mrs.
Tate asked for their letters of dismissal.
The deacon presented his resignation to
Central Church. The letters were
granted, the resignation rejected.
Mrs. Van Pelt, Mrs. Gracey, the Misses
Scadden, McArthur and Dodson were ap
pointed a committee to raise funds to pay
the indebtedness, after which over forty
signed a pledge to support Mr. Sawyer
financially and otherwise in the new or
ganization. The.se and others who de
sire to join them will meet soon, organ
ize and incorporate a. new Christian
Church.
"That Central Church." said Mr. Davis,
in talking of the affair to-night, "is an
aggregation of a class of people every
man cannot handle. My brother held
them well in hand, but this man Sawyer
can't do it. He sees they have got away
with him, hence this kick. The cnurch is
sure to go to pieces now as far as I can
se«."
SHOOTS THE WIFE
OF A NEIGHBOR.
Crime Committed by a Man Whose
Repulsive Attentions Were
Spurned.
PORTLAND, Ore., April 10.— Valentine
Bauer, an eccentric middle-aged German
living near Hillsboro, this morning
en. plied the contents of a double-bar~eled
shotgun into the shoulder of Mrs. Lizzie
Overroeder, a widow who lives nearby,
inflicting a wound which will probably
prove fatal. Bauer attempted to finish
his work with a butcher knife, but be
came frightened and rs«n away when the
woman swooned. He then ran to Hills
boro and procured a physician, who rode
out to the scene of the shooting.
Mrs. Overroeder's husband was at
church whfn the shooting occurred, and
she was a.one in the house with two
children. Bauer entered the back door
and without a. word of warning fired on
her. No cause is assigned for the action,
and Bauer is at present endeavoring to
play the insanity dodge, talking wildly
whenever Questioned. Once he said he
was shooting her for revenge. He has
been endeavoring to secure the woman's
good will for some time, and she has
constantly repelled him. The woman is
at present unconscious, and her recovery
is despaired of. The shot in the .charge
nearly all took effect.
JAPANESE OBDAINED.
Feature of the Last Day of the Ad-
vent Conference.
SANTA CRUZ, April 10,-This was the
last day of the Advent Christian Church
conference. At 10 o'clock there was a
praise service, led by Elder I. N. Archi
bald of Santa Cruz, and there was
preaching at 11 o'clock by Rev. H. F.
Carpenter of Santa Clara. An interest
ing and impressive part of this service
was the ordination with prayer and the
laying on of hands of George Inagoye, a
young Japanese who soon leaves for
Japan. He is the first Jap to carry the
Advent message to that country A
praise service was led by Rev. Thomas
Howell of San Francisco, followed by
preaching by Rev. W. R. Young of Oak
land, editor of the Messiah's Advocate
The church was crowded at the evening
service, Rev. H. W. Bowman of Los An
geles preaching the sermon. •
STEVE WADE CAPTURED.
: San Jose Fugitive Must Serve Time
in State's Prison.
SAN JOSE, April 10.— Steve Wade, who
was convicted of wronging Zelpha Scott
i and jumped his $5000 bail bond pending
an appeal to the Supreme Court, was
! brought back to San Jose this evening
• from San Diego by Deputy Sheriff Ten
! riant. Wade's sentence was a $3(30 line
or 750 days' imprisonment in the State
Prison. He left as soon as the Supreme
i Court affirmed the decree of the lower
! court and has been a fugitive for over
: six months. He will have to serve time
las he will be unable to pay his line.'
j Wade had just returned from a trip
; through Mexico when arrested at San
: Diego and claim* he was on his way to
San Jose to surrender.
Elections in Brazil-
Copyrighted, IS9R. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS ATRES, April 10.— ihe elec
tions of Presidential electors were held
without disorder. The election of Gen
eral Julio A. Roca as President and of
Senor Narbeto Quirno Costa as Vice-Pres
ident is assured. Their opponents gener
ally kept away from the polls.
MODESTO PRIEST FALLS
DEAD IN CHURCH.
Sudden Passing of Key. Father P.
Smith While Administer
ing Mass.
MODESTO. April 10,-Rev. Father P.
Smith, rector of St. Stanislaus Catholic
Church in this city, succumbed to heart
disease this morning while celebrating
mass in church. He sank to the altar,
and it was believed that he had fainted.
Men from the congregation went to nis
assistance and he was conveyed to the
open air, where he seemingly partially
revived, but died in fifteen minutes.
Father Smith had been ailing for the
past month, but was observing fasts and
taking confessions during the past week,
and on account of his large parish was
very busy and was weakened by his
duties. He was aged about 55 years and
a native of Ireland. He had been a priest
in the parishes of Stanislaus County lor
three years, with headquarters in Mo
desto, and was a man beloved by Protest
ants as well as Catholics. His sermon
this morning was on "Preparation for
Death," and was a forcible plea for all
to be ready.
ASSUMES TREASURER
WELLS' INDEBTEDNESS.
Bank of Commerce Amply Secured
by the Manager of Its So
nora Branch.
SONORA, April 10.— The Bank of Com
merce attorney, F. W. Street, after In
vestigating the securities given by Thos.
W. Wells, the County Treasurer, who is
short in county cash, finds them more
than ample to pay all indebtedness. The
bank will assume the shortage to-morrow.
Its affairs are in fine condition. Every
thing is quiet here.
HORRORS OF THE RECENT
MASSACRES IN ANATOLIA
Forty Thousand Children Were Made
Orphans by the Hand of the
Cruel Turk.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 10.— The Ar
menian patriarch has sent to the Turkish
relief committee a list of forty churches
wholly or nearly destroyed during the
recent massacres in Anatolia. He fixes
the number of children whose parents
were killed at 40,000.
YARDMASTER KILLED.
Casualty in the Southern Pacific
Yards at Red Bluff.
RED BLUFF, April 10.— A. H. Stark,
yardmaster at this place, caught his foot
in a spring frog while making up a train
to-night. He was run over by the yard
engine and one car and instantly killed.
He had a wife and two children.
Knights Hold Easter Services.
AUBURN, April 10.— Nevada Command
ery No. 6, Knigh.s Templar, of Nevada
City held Easter services here to-day in
the jpcra house. The building was
crowded. Rev. John Chisholm delivered
the sermon.
Death of Judge Rector.
DALLAS, Tex., April 10.— United States
Judge John B. Rector, of the Northern
District of Texas, who has been insane
fer two years and unable to occupy the
bench, died at his home in Austin last
night.
Chico Residence Destroyed.
CHICO. April 10.— The residence of J.
W. Jewell, together with its contents, was
destroyed by fire to-day. A defective flue
was the cause.
Murdered by Footpads.
SEATTLE. April 10. — Police Officer
Thomas Roberts was shot and killed
early this morning while on duty by two
footpads.
Increases Its Membership.
SACRAMENTO, April K'.-The County
Republican Central Committee to-day in
creased the membership from eleven to
Beventeen.
Mr. Gladstone's Condition.
HAWARDEN, April 10.— Mr. Gladstone
slept well last night, and is feeling quite
comfortable to-day.
COMPLAINT OF OWNERS
OF MERCHANT SHIPS.
None of the Subventioned Vessels
Have Yet Been Taken By the
Navy Department.
NEW TOI \ April 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Although thousands of dollars have
been paid by the Government as subsi
dies for merchant vessels capable of
being converted into armed cruisers,
not one of these ships has yet been
taken by the department for naval
service. As a result, considerable dis
satisfaction has been expressed by the
management of steamships whose ships
are subventioned for =orvice as armed
cruisers and there is some talk on the
subject among members of Congress.
There has been soi-.e division of opin
ion at the Navy Department, where
Chief Naval Constructor Hichborne
has advocated the purchase of subsi
dized vessels before other merchant
ships.
So far as the department itself is con
cerned, it has taken for Government
service vessels which, in its judgment,
seemed best qualified to meet the
navy's needs. Assistant Secretary
Roosevelt, who has had charge of all
negotiations relating to the purchase
of merchant ships, instructed the Rod
gers board to take only such vesssels
as were best adapted for conversion
into armed cruisers, and it has been
upon the board's recommendation that
Mr. Roosevelt has closed negotiations
for the purchase of vessels.
Up to this time but four large ships
have been bought. This number may
be increased this week, and it is prob
able that several of the subsidized
ships will be obtained. Unless war
breaks out the department will not, as
the Herald stated, buy the St. Louis,
St. Paul and Paris.
MARIETTA'S CREW NCT
PERMITTED TO LAiJD.
Kopt Aboard at Valparaiso to Pre
vent Clashes With the
Spaniards.
Copyrighted, 159". by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, April 10.— During the
stay of the United States gunboat Ma
rietta at this port none of her crew
were allowed ♦" come ashore because
of fear that they might have trouble
with the Spaniards here. It is now
stated that the battle-ship Oregon will
not come for the same reason.
To me it seems such fears are with
out foundation. The Spanish colony
here is moderate in its utterances on
the present relations of the United
States and Spain, and the likelihood of
trouble would have been romote, unless
provoked hv sailors.
The Marietta sailed for Candy Point,
Straits of Magellan, last night at 8
o'clock.
Stabbed and May Die.
P. W. Hewitt, living at 322 Seventh
street, was stabbed and probably fatal
ly wounded last night by O. P. Leavitt,
a machinist, residing at 907 Bryant street.
The quarrel was over a girl. Dr. O'Brien,
who lives near the scene of the cutting,
hurried to Hewitt's bedside ?nd made
every effort to save him.
DOKN.
SULLIVAN— In Vallejo, April 7, 1898, to the
wire of Jerre L. Sullivan, a eon.
NATIVE SONS'
CELEBRATION
No More Log-Rolling in the
Convention Wanted by
Delegates.
IT the Railroad Company Does Not
Give Fair Rates There Will
Be No Turnout.
A preliminary meeting of the delegates
to the 9th of September celebration of the
Native Sons of the Golden West was held
Saturday night in Balboa Hall, Native
Sons building, and was called to order by
D. C. Martin of Stanford Parlor, and
was subsequently chosen temporary
chairman.
D. A. Ryan of Pacific Parlor placed In
nomination W. E. McCreery of National
Parlor for permanent chairman, and W.
H. Hazell, also of Pacific Parlor, nomi
nated Charles E. Mooser of Presidio Par
lor, after which there was an animated
discussion as to whether there should be
an open or a secret ballot. Ryan was in
favor of a secret ballot, Hazell in favor
of an open ballot, so that every one nrfight
know how every member stood. Percy
V. Long of Columbia Parlor said that
there had been so much manipulating in
celebration committees that the affairs
had resolved themselves Into log rolling
conventions, and that men had come into
convention pledged to vote for each can
didate and he wanted every man to de
clare himself openly. W.J. Wynn of Yerba
Buena Parlor favored a secret ballot and
opposed innovations. Finally the open bal
lot prevailed and Mooser was elected by
a vote of 26 to 24. McCreery had 34 votes
pledg«'d to him, but some of the delegates
Sid not come in time to vote.
Eugene W. Levy of Bay City Parlor
was elected vice-chairman without oppo-
Charles E. Mooser, Chairman of
9th of Septemb.r Celebration.
sition, as was Robert W. Martland of Se
quoia Parlor for the office of secretary, a
position he has filled on previous occa
sions with great satisfaction. C. D. Stei
ger of Stanford Parlor was unanimously
elected treasurer.
The chairman was authorized to appoint
a transportation committee, that shall
ascertain what rates can be obtained
from the Southern Pacific in case the cel
ebration bo held at San Jose, and it was
suggested by W. E. McCreery that the
committee report at the next meeting, so
that the delegates to the Grand Parlor
may vote intelligently.
John F. Finn presented a letter from
the railroad company which declared the
rate to San Jose would be $1 25 for the
round trip and $1 50 to Napa. The letter
asserted that "it was conceded by the
members of the State order that in L>93,
when the celebration was in San Jose, the
Native Sons had never had such excellent
train service."
The reading at this point was inter
rupted by loud laughter and cries from all
parts of the hall of "What? What's that?
Call standing up all the way down or
sitting on the platform steps good
service?"
Then followed a. discussion on the sub
ject of transportation, which took a wide
range, many members taking part, and
it was asserted that as the company is
carrying excursionists to San Jose for
65 cents, 75 cents and $1 for the round trip
it certainly should offer like rates to the
Native Sons. Finally, on a motion by S.
J. Thiesen of Mission Parlor, amended bi
ll*. F. Byington of Niantic Parlor, who
declared that if the company will not
make hotter rates that it be the sense of
the convention that there be no celebra
tion this year, it was decided that the
transportation committee apply for a
rate not to exceed $1.
The committee will be named to-day.
The other sub-committees will be named
later.
It was decided to invite the par'ora of
Oakland and Alameda to take part in the
convention, but a motion to include the
parlors of Marin County was defeated.
The following-named were the delegates
and thf parlors they represented:
California, No. I— J. P. Dockery, W. D. Shea,
L. Dennery.
Pacific, No. 10— W. H. Hazell, D. A. Ryan,
Paul McDonald.
San Francisco, No. 49— F. V. Severance, John
Henning, H. M. Locke.
El Dorado. No. 52— D. D. Lowney, W. J.
Gulnnare. J. E. O'Brien.
Rlnron, No. 72— G. H. S. Dryden, John F.
Finn. W. J. Wynn.
Yerba Buena, No. S4— F. W. Lees, Joseph E.
OT>onnell, George B. Grant.
Niantic, No. IHS— L. F Byington, J. B. Kee
nan. Finlay Cook.
National. No. 11*— W. E. McCreery. H. F. Lln
ken.ley, F. P. Wehe.
Columbia. No. 121— P. V. Long, John Part
ridge, I. Harris.
Hesperian. No. 137— L. H. Kohn, George E.
Gallagher, W. A. \V. Monaslian.
Alcalde, No. 154— L. S. Graves, J. B. Acton.
L. J. Hurley.
Sequoia. No. 160— R. W. Martland, J. W.
Kentzel. W. L. Goodwin.
Olympus. No. IS.>— H. I. Mulcrevy, W. J.
Phelpi". Joseph C. Herold.
Presidio, No. 194— W. W. Sanderson. E. E.
Fisher. Charles E. MpOMr.
Golden Gate. No. 29— J. F. Bailey, C. H. Con
npll. n. Wilson.
Mission. Ho, 3S— F. H. Mills. S. J. Thiesen.
F. C. Corrtes.
Stanford, No. 7S— J. O. Brown, Charles
Stelger. D. C. Martin.
Bay City, No. 104— Hi. W. Levy, D. Llnder
man." 11. G. W. Dlnkelspeil.
Alcatraz, No. 145— J. L. Gallagher, S. B.
Trieat. A. K. Daggett.
South San Francisco, No. 157— Joseph Hoare,
Ed TaafTe. Louis Nonnemann.
Precita. No. 194— D. M. Hanley, J. E. Behan,
W. C. Miller.
Wolfe Tone's Birthday.
The. Knights of Tara will celebrate the
anniversary of Wolfe Tone'sbirthdaywith
a literary and musical programme at
Metropolitan Temple June 21. The com
mittee in charge of the celebration are
■working earnestly to make the affair a
great success, in fact, a grand centen
nlal celebration for the Pacific Coast.
Rev. P. C. Yorke will lecture and the best
musical talent will be secured. The pro
ceeds will be devoted to some worthy
cause or charity. The committee is con
sidering the advisability of donating the
entire proceeds to the society for the pres
ervation of the Irish language in Dublin.
The committee is composed of William
Mulvin, chairman; Judge Cooney, J. B.
Cosgrave, Dr. Mahony, M. I. Hart, C.
Deasy, C. B. Flanigan and M. Connolly.
OLD FORT HALLECK
• IN WARLIKE GARB.
Three Cannon Mounted by the Grand
Army Veterans of
Monterey.
MONTEREY, April 10.— Old Fort Hal
leck, on the summit of the hill overlook
i ing the Bay of Monterey, which com
prises the United States Government
i reservation here, is assuming a warlike
! aspect. The one small cannon which has
; stood so long as the only remaining relic
; of the fort now has three pieces of ord
; nance to keep it company. Three cannon
; that were assigned to the local Grand
! Army post by the War Department some
; months ago have arrived and were placed
j in position yesterday on top of the old
: earthworks of Fort Halleck. The can-
I non arrived from Benicia several weeks
i ago, but the Monterey post being unable
1 to settle the large freight bill they were
allowed to lie at the Southern Pacific
I depot until the money could be raised
:by subscription. The railroad company,
; hearing of this, immediately canceled the
! freight charges and presented the can
non to the veterans to be disposed of as
i they deemed most suitable. The pieces
i were therefore removed to the Govern-
I ment reservation at once and the balls
i and powder stored.
The pieces are obsolete and can be used
; only for firing salutes where blank
j charges are to be employed.
—
WEALTHY BUT
IN BAD LUCK
Margaret Warren, Laden With
$20,000 and Jewels,
Arrested.
She Surprised the Police Officials
When Invited to Produce
Bail.
Margaret Warren, a woman who ar
rived in this city a few days ago from
New York, was arrested last night and
charged with disturbing the peace. When
brought to the City Prison, Desk Sergeant
Bidwell informed her that her bail would
amount to $10. The woman astounded
him by bringing forth a $10,000 check, some'
magnificent diamonds and JlO.ikju in cur
rency. Being brought before CaptaiQ
Spillane, she told the following story:
"I arrived in this city on Friday and a
hackman took me to a hotel on Fifth
street. As the room was unsatisfactory
and as I had a large amount of wealth
on my person, I applied for a better room.
This was given me and, after staying for
a day or two. I called for my bill. I
thought there was some mistake and told
the proprietor so. In my excitement I
went to my room and opened my window I
and yelled for assistance, when an officer j
came and was told by the proprietor to |
arrest me, which he did."
After the lady had deposited her bail,
she was directed to a place where she
could deposit her valuables.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. IS9S.
We
Th.
Fr.
Moon's Phases.
10 11
8
t
I
6
tl
jao
7
14
21.
,;i |
8
| IT
IT
j JL :
La
1 23
©Full Moon.
April 0.
Last Quarter
l& April la.
I y^-L New Moon.
| si/ April JO.
First Quarter,
17 18
24 23
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth:; (luring the j aat twelve hours.
Isobars, or solkl li lies, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompnled
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
Ihe pressure Is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the const, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvnture, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer ai.d colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Apil 10. 5 p. m.
Ths following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same <late
last season and- rainfall during the past
twenty- four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.16 31.07 47.66!
Red Bluff Trace 12.30 23.88 i
Sacramento 0 5.87 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.56
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
Pan Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 5.26 16.74
San Diego 0 4.10 11.66 j
Yuma 0 , 1.65 5.35 !
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60: minimum, 4fi; mean. 53.
' WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over Northern California. Idaho I
and Western Oregon. It has fallen over Utah
1 and the Hocky Mountain region.
I The temperature has risen in Western Ore
i gon ami Western Washington. Over Southern
California, Nevada and northward to the in
ternational boundary the temperature has fal
len decidedly.
No rain has fallen in California in the past
12 hours.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Idaho Falls, 28 miles per hour from
the southwest: Eureka, 2S northwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. April 11. ISPS:
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer In
the Interior; Northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday: light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday: warmer north.
Utah — Cloudy Monday.
Arizona— Cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
northerly, changing to westerly winds.
Special from Mount Tamalnais— Clear; wind
AUCTION SALES.
KILLIP & CO.,
Live Stock and General Auctioneers,
11 MONTGOMERY ST., SAN FRANCISCO.
£fc , TUESDAY,
Tuesday ... ••• • • • April 12. 1898,
AT 10 A. M., AT
Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye, and Market St.
IMPORTANT SALE
—OF—
90 HEAD HIGH-BRED ROADSTERS
(Mares and Geldings) from three to five years
old, thoroughly broken, by the following well-
known sires: DEXTER PRINCE, CUPID,
DEXTERWOOD. WHIPS, AZMOOR, TRU-
MAN, etc. Among these are a number of well-
matched teams, very handsome and speedy.
These- horses were the property of DAN Mc-
CARTY. and are in prime condition, thorough-
ly seasoned for road work. We will also sell
twenty head of first-class Team and Work
Horses, from 1300 to ISOO pounds, young ani-
mals, thoroughly broken and well-matched.
Horses- now at yard.
. -. . KILLIP & CO.. Auctioneers.
11 Montgomery st.
WELL KEPT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
566 MISSION ST.. NEAR FIFTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD.
north. 12 miles; temperature, 56; maximum
temperature, 60.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
STEAMIiKS TO AUUIVE.
Wrens !
Chilkat
Prosreso
Empire
Pomona
Mackinaw.
Titania....
Homer
Walla Wa11a....
Samoa ......:..
Arcata
Venus
North Fora
Santa Ro*:i. ..
Burma
Oreg-on i
Coos Bay !
Umatilla... .
Crescent City..
Newport j
Orizaba
' Hnmboldt
Seattle —
Seattle
Coos Bar.,
Sin Diego
Tacoma ....'.
Xanaimo
Humboldt —
Victoria and Pug-etSound
Humboldt ;
Coos Bay
China ana Japan
mmiDoicu
Pan Dleeo
Nanatmo
i Portland
j Newport
| Victoria * Pueet Sna.
: Crescent City
Panama ....
Humooldt
Apr 11
Apr H
Apr U
Apr 11
Apr 11
Apr 1?
Apr li
AD' 13
Apr IS
Apr 12
Apr 12
Apr IS
Apr U
Apr IS
Apr l.>
Apr 15
Apr 17
Apr 17
Apr 17
lApr 13
lApr U
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steam ek. I Destixatio.vi
Sail*.
City Piiebla Vie & Pet Sna I Apr 11. 10 am Pier II
Coos Bay.. Newport lApr 11, 9 am Pier 11
i Weeott [San Diesro.... Apr 12. i» am! Pier it
! Curacao.. .. IHumbouit. ... Apr 12, 10 am ! Pier 11
I Peru I Mexico Apr 12. 1 pm;PMSS
j Clilikat... ! Chlnn&Japan Apr 12. 'jam; Pier It
I Pomona.... iHumboldt ... Apr 13. 11 ASi , Pier 11
! State of Cai j Portland Apr 13. 10 am ' Pier 21
j Arcat* [Coos liav Apr 13, 1U AM Pier It
i Orizaba.. . . Humboklt .... Apr I*. 10 Ai> Pier !»
! Homer. . IHumboldt ... Apr 15. '.» am Pier 11
Walla Wlln ; Vie A Ps-t Sncl Apr 1«. 10 am P.er I
NortnFork Humoolcit . ..;«pr 17. itAMlPier 2
Santa Rosa. San Diesro ....! Apr 17. 11 am i Pier 11
i Columbia, j Portlana I Apr 18. 10 am! Pier 24
Cityof Para 'Panama lApr IS. 12 mIPM SS
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front <Ml«ion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
APRIL-189S.
Monday, April 11.
Sunrises 5:3;»
Sun sets 3-42
Moon rises, .a. m.
I JTlme| Feet [Tlme| Feet |TlmeJ Feet JTlmet peei
«IH Wi IL W H W it Wi
1:42
2:45'
'4:04
5.6 '.i:t)y| — 0.4 i tiO
5.4 10:15| —0.8 5:55
5.1 11:24 — 11.^ 6:55
1.8 J2:2r 0.0 7:44
HW L W
3 8 6:4» 4.8 1:23
2.1 8:00 4.9 2:14
1.5 9:01 4.9| 3:02
4.4
4.5
*:51
10:17
11:44
H W
8:20
B:i6
9:30
16
17
2:UU
2:52
.•
5.2
i.i
.V*
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day In the orCer of occurrence as to time. Th»
6econd time column gives the second tide of
thi day. the third time column the third tide.
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
threw tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number Riven Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of th - lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cot 'lally invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
light?, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mars
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time ir giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlne papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 10.
Btmr Morgan City, Leech. 64 days from New
York, via Valparaiso 20 days.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson. 16 hours from
Stmristate of California, Green. 59tf hourg
from Portland, via Astoria 43H hours.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 80 hours from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen, 1? hours from Caspar,
bound south; put In to land a boiler.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 13 hours from
Greenwood.
Ship Sterling. Anderson, 11 days from r«a-
Sehr Premier, Wagner. 12 days from Everett.
Schr La Chilena. Campbell, 9 hours fm Fort
Schr Nettle Low, ix>w, 6 hours Point
Schr Arago. Stensland, 20 days from Sand
i Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, 23 hours frm
i Sc'hr r Kodlak. Melander, 14^ days from Ka-
Schr Albert Meyer, Marshall. IS days from
Schr Olga, Ipsen, 18 days from Kahului.
SAILED.
*a»day, April 10.
Stmr Jewel. Madsen.
Stmr Kadlak. Geme. Karluk.
Stmr rieveland. Hall. Seattle.
Stmr Elsie, Duerrhack. Pyramid.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund.
Brig Ponsuelo. Jacobson, Mahukons.
Schr Vine. Small
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— April 10, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind MW: velocity 20 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
I Per AraKO— On Feb 11 In Eagle Harbor Peter
j Jensen. OJan Stevens and J Jones were
i drowned by the capsizing of a small boat.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— In bay April 10— Schr Se
quoia, from San Diego for Victoria: ship Co
lumbia, hence Mar 31 for Tacoma; bark Car-
I rollton. hence Mar 31 for Nonatmo
PORT TOWNREND— Arrived April. 10— Schr
Sailor Boy. from Hueneme. , .„ _ .
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 10— Schr Se
quoia, for San Francisco. In tow of tug Vlgl-
a pEATTLE— Arrived April 10— Rtmrs Dlrlgo
and Australia and bark Highland Light, from
Pvea: bark Al<»x McNeil, henre Mar 26.
COOS RAT— Sailed April 10— Stmr Chilkat.
stmr Empire and stmr Arcata and schrs Go
tama and Daisy Roue, for Pan Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Anrll 10— Schr Jessie
Minor, for Eureka.
PC.iRT FtLAKELEY— Arrived April 9— Br ship
Champion, from Coquimbo.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 10— Stmr
Bremen, from New York for Bremen.
/'""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
>&*«sSE 625 KEAKSY ST. Established
HP'^sEß' 11 185* for the treatment of Privata
gfi ifSk, Mff Diseases, Lost Manhood. | Debility or
fSySti ifln disease wearing on body and mind and
HI Skin Diseases. I'bedoctorcureßvrbeii
HI i Hit", fall. Try him. « Charges low.
%SMQ BBf Cnrenenarantrrd. Call or write.
l>r. J. f . «IB3OI«t Box 1057, San Francisco. ;
910
OMINOUS QUIET
AT PRESIDIO
A Sunday Lull After the
Hurried Activity of
a Week.
Infantry Companies Are Fully
Equipped and Ready for
Field Service.
Changes or Officers and Men During
the Past Seven Days at
the Post-3.
A scene of quietude prevailed at the
Presidio yesterday following the activity
of the previous forty-eight hours, during
which time the companies of the First
Infantry stationed at the post were fully
equipped for field service, and put in
readiness to move immediately on the re
ceipt of orders. The inspection of the
First [nfantry in heavy marching order
on Saturday morning showed conclusively
that Colonel Miles and his able regimental
Btaff and company officers were ready 10
cope with any emergency. The privates
and non-commissioned officers were in
perfect alignment, ready to obey prompt
ly the commands of their superior offi
cers. If war comes and the First is or
dered to the front not an officer or en
listed man will perform an act that might
reflect discredit to its present reputation
for gallantry and efficient services ac-
OUR LATEST DEFENDER.
The new 12-inch breech-loading rifle, shipped here For
harbor defense, has been safely landed at Fort
Point. It will be mounted on a disappearing car
riage without delay. The gun weighs 59 tons and
the carriage 180 tons.
quired during the war. and in engage
ments against hostile Indians on the fron
tier in which it rendered valuable ser
vice.
Lieutenant Colonel Alfred E. Bates,
United States army, who was recently
relieved from duty as chief paymaster of
the Department of California and ap
pointed military attache at London, left
London March 2S, on a tour of Germany,
Austria and Belgium in an endeavor to
purchase guns for the United States.
Second Lieutenant Harry Alexander
Smith. Company X, First Infantry, Pre
sidio, absent on duty with the National
Guard of Kansas since March lit, IS9O,
has been promoted first lieutenant.
First Lieutenant Edwin B. Babbitt, ord
nance department, Benlcia arsenal, has
been conducting experiments during the
past week at Fort Point with the powder
for the big guns. It [a Btated on good au
thority that there is not only an ample
supply of powder and shot on hand at the
various points ol seacoast defenses along
the Pacific Coast, but that in case neces
sity demands it the California Dowder
companies will ship powder to Eastern
points.
The household goods of Captain William
E. Birkheimer. Battery L, Third Artil
lery, commanding Fort Baker, were trans
ferred last Thursday by the steamer Gen
eral McDowell from the Presidio to Fort
Baker.
The station of First Lieutenant Francis
E. Lacey Jr.. First Infantry, who has
been in the field for several months past
engaged in the preparation of a map for
the military authorities, has been changed
from Benicia Barracks to the Presidio,
the present station of his company.
The buildings at Fort Baker, that have
recently been occupied as quarters and
barracks for the officers and enlisted men
of Battery L, Third Artillery, belong to
the engineers, and they have been turned
over to that department for the use of
the employes DOW working on the Fort
Baker fortifications. Captain William K.
Birkheimer, commanding the post, has
moved his men into permanent camp in
tents on the site formerly occupied by
Battery I, Captain Henry C. Danes. The
troops expect before the cold weather
sets in to be comfortably housed in bar
racks built after the same plan of the
brick barracks recently erected at the
Presidio."
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace F. Ran
dolph, who succeeded Colonel Williston
as lieutenant colonel of the Third Artil
lery, has arrived from Fort Kiley, Kan
sas. He has been assigned to duty at
the Presidio, and will occupy the quar
ters vacated by Colonel Williston.
The failure of three artillery officers to
pass their physical examinations for pro
motion results in the promotion of sev
eral officers in the artillery arm. One
of the officers who will be advanced to
the grade of first lieutenant is Second
Lieutenant William S. McNair, Battery
G, Third Artillery, now or t<nvv"
duty at the Presidio in connection with
the mountiiiH of guns. J^ieuienuni ..^ -
Nair was recently ordered from Angel
Island to the Presidio to relieve First
Lieutenant Charles T. Menoher, who has
ben transferred to the new Sixth Regi
thent of artillery, of the duties as ord
nance officer of the Presidio, Fort Win-
Held Scott and Fort Baker.
During the past week the contractor
for furnishing cavalry and artillery
horses at the Presidio submitted a num
ber of animals to a board of officers for
inspection. Eleven were accepted. More
horses will be delivered at an early date
to replace those recently condemned, so
as to provide mounts for the cavalry
troops who expect to leave the Presidio
within the next ten days for patrol duty
in the Yosemite. Sequoia and General
Grant National Parks.
First Lieutenant John D. Miley, aid.
who accompanied General William R.
Shafter to rian Diego on official business
connected with th • inspection of the mil
itary post there and the fortifications of
Ballast Point, returned Saturday morn
ing. General Shafter. who stopped off
at Bakersfield. will arrive in San Fran
cisco this morning.
By direction of the President, First
Lie'.itenur.t George T. I'.nrtlett. Battery
H. Third Artillery, Presidio, has been
relieved from fluty at the Agricultural
and Mechanical College of Texas, Col
lege Station. Texas, and ordered to pro
ceed to join his battery, Lieutenant War l
lett has been absent from his regiment
or college detail since August 2S. 1894.
Orders have hern issued from depart
r-iont Viririiinrtrrs dlrectinc that Private
James Kelly. Battery H, Third Artillery,
Presidio, be sent to Hot Springs, Ark., to
enable him to enter the Army and Navy
General Hospital at that point for treat-
ment.
Pursuant to authority from the major
genural commanding the army a furlough
tor throe months has been granted Pri
vate John A. Breitfeldt. Battery X, Third
Artillery, stationed at Alcatraz Island.
Upon "the recommendation of the com
manding officer at Jefferson Barracks,
Mo., bo much of the sentence of confine
ment imposed by paragraph 2. special or
ders No. 155. Department of the Missouri,
August 27, 1897, in the case of general
prisoner Frank L.indley, late private of
Battery X, Third Artillery, as remains
unexecuted on April 29. IS9S, is remitted,
provided his conduct remains good up to
that date.
Acting Hospital Steward Gustave Knapp
and Private B. Roebel, Hospital Corps,
Presidio, who escorted Private John
Monaghan, Company C, First Infantry,
to Washington for admission to the Gov
ernment Hospital for the Insane, have
been directed by the Secretary' of War
to return-to the'Presidto. Steward Knapp
has been granted permission to delay
twenty days en route.
Following are the recent appointments
and promotions of enlisted men at the
Presidio: Company E. First Infantry—
Corporal Edward Meager, promoted ser
geant; Lance Corporal Coleman N. Alli
son, promoted corporal: Private Patrick
O'Brien appointed lance corporal. Com
pany C. First Infantry— Private Arthur
N. Wales, appointed corporal. Troop I.
Fourth Cavalry— Corporal Kolb, promoted
sergeant: Lance Corporal McGraw. pro
moted corporal; Private Craig, appointed
lance corporal. Battery A. Third Artil
lery—Privates Joseph and Lewis, ap
pointed corporals. Company H. First In
fantry, stationed at Benicia Barracks-
Corporal Nils Chalmars, promoted ser
geant; Privates Charles H. Houseman
and W. H. Hinkel appointed sergeants.
ROW IN PRISON.
Several Female Inmates Engage in
a Short but Lively Battle.
Several disreputable women confined in
the City Prison engaged in a row last
night, and for a short time hair and
portions of feminine attire were flying in
all directions. The trouble was due to
a remark made by Kate Gallagher, who
has been arrested on numerous occasions
for being drunk. She was arrested last
night while Intoxicated, and after being
placed in the women's cell, she proceeded
I to hurl epithets at another unfortunate
named Rose Cronin. The latter ordered
; her to desist, whereupon the Gallagher
woman seized her by the hair and threw
her on the floor. The other women at
this juncture took a hand in the melee
and proceeded to annihilate the combat
■ ants. Their curses reached the ears of
Turnkey Hickey. who entered the cell,
< and after a desperate struggle, succeeded
in separating them. The Gallagher woman
! was at once placed in the "dark cell,"
where she will be detained until she is
sober.
THE PYTHIANS.
The grand chancellor accompanied by
Herman Schaffner, G. K. of R. and S",
l>:>iu an official visit last Friday to the
li.dge in Petaluma. the last of the series
prior to the assemblage ef the represen
tatives to the next Grand Lodge.
NEAR TO DEATH'S DOOR.
CHARLES AULL, WARDEN OF FOLSOM PRISON
Charles Aull, warden of the State prison at Folsom, is at the point of death
at the Grand Hotel. He arrived from Folsom on Saturday, and since his arrival
a phy^cian has constantly been at his bedside. Hopes, however, are held out
for his recovery. Warden Aull has been ill for several weeks. About two months
ago he was taken sick, and his physicians advised a trip to the springs. He
remained there about three weeks and improved to some extent, and it was
thought that he was on the road to recovery. He returned to his duties, but
he was so enfeebled that his work had to be left almost entirely to his depu
ties. For a time he gained in strength, but his Illness a disease of the kidneys
was such that complete recovery was doubtful. A few days ago he began to
grow worse, and he was brought to this city where he would be nearer his
physicians.
Charles Aull has been warden of the prison at Folsom for nearly twelve
years, nnd he is looked upon by experts is the foremost of America's criminolo
gies. From the moment he took his offl 9 he instituted a system of discipline at
the prison that is unequaled at any p dal institution of Its magnitude in the
Union. Folsom prison is the dread of vil-doers in the State, and yet prisoners
are treated with the utmo|t kindness. Some of the most desperate criminals of
the Western States have been given in > his charge, but by his strong though
just rule they realized that he was thel master, and seldom were the rules of
the prison violated by them. Folsom p son, as conducted by Warden Aull, is
looked upon as a model institution of it kind, and Warden Aull is considered
by the Prison Commissioners as the mist competent man that has ever held
such a position In the State.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
DOLPHINS HAVE
RARE SPORT
Pape Defeats Patch for
the Club's Diamond
Medal.
Al Shields and Charles Farrell
Win Their Heats for the
Treadwell Medal.
Aquatic Sports, Music and Dancing
Enjoyed at the Cozy
Boathouee.
A beautiful day and an excellent pro
gramme of aquatic sports and music
drew a large number of people to the
Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club's
cozy boathouse yesterday. Great in
terest was manifested in the different
events and the winners and losers re
ceived alik"! applause.
Alex Pape is now the possessor of the
beautiful diamond medal offered by the
club, having won it a third time yes
terday by defeating W. O. Patch in the
senior skiff race. The race was wit
nessed by a large crowd and as the
tow-headed oarsman spurted over the
finishing line he was greeted with
hearty evidences of appreciation. Patch,
rowing a pretty but less powerful
stroke, crossed the line about thirty
lengths to the bad, but his plucky work
earned him a generous reception. At
the start of the event of the day
Patch had the outside course, while
Pape gained a slight advantage by
hugging the shore. The latter spurt
ed as sorm as the word was given,
and kept increasing his lead by power
ful and quick strokes. When the stake
boat was reached Pape had a few
lengths to the good, while Patch seemed
to be handicapped off by a cramp in his
arm. Notwithstanding this, however,
the latter pluckily continued the race,
and crossed a few seconds after the
winner. Time, 12:16.
Pape showed by his work yesterday
that he will be a dangerous opponent
in the coming championship regattas.
He possesses strength, youth and en
durance, and with a little more coach-
Ing will be able to give Dennis. Me-
Crossland or any of the cracks a r.ose
struggle for honors.
In the first beat for the Treadwell
medal AI Shields defeated Joe Farrell in
14 -3S Farrell made a costly error on
nearing the finish by hugging the shore.
He and ShieMs were even up to within
ten yards of the finish, when hr- tried to
take" Shields" water, but without success,
the latter crossing two lengths ahead.
The second heat brought out Charles
Farrell and Tom Hopkins. The latter h.nl
the lead on the return from the stake
boat, but swamped off Powell-street
wharf. Farrell rowed in and was de
clared winner. The final heat will be
rowed In two weeks.
Victor Cagalarie, a promising swimmer,
gave Pape a race in Indian kiacks for a
quarter of a mile. Cagalarie, when near
the finish, capsized.
Joe Earls captured the 100-yard swim
ming race in clever fashion, with Jack
Cooney second and Peter yon Hadlen
a close third.
Visiting crews from rowing clubs about
the bay were in attendance and helped to
add color to the occasion. An excellent
musical programme was rendered at the
conclusion of the races and refreshments
were serv i& to the guests of the club.
HOUSING WORKMEN.
Interesting Sermon by Rabbi Nieto
at the Second Unitarian Church.
Rabbi Nieto spoke at the Second Uni
tarian Church. His topic was "Housing
of the working classes."
The rabbi gave a graphic description
of the quarters inhabited by the poorer
classes and pictured the misery of their
surroundings. He showed the baneful
effect of these congested districts upon
the health of the city and went on to
show how disease germs were bred and
nurtured in the miasmatic atmosphere of
the quarter. All the conditions favorable
to the growth of bacteria prevailed, he
said, and the sun's rays, the only force
inimical to their disseminating were never
able to penetrate the abodes of the
toilers.
Poor men paid a larger rental than was
adequate for the premises they occupied,
because by reason of the nearness to
their places of business a demand had
been created for these hovels. This left
the workingman with less money to ex- |
pend for necessaries of life than was re- j
quired for his family, and compelled him !
to pay large prices for small quantities \
of inferior quality.
Crime, he said, was engendered in
such environment, while the temptation
to steal could hardly be resisted, and al- \
cohol in unhealthy quantities was taken
to lighten the misery-laden heart.
The rabbi suggested as remedies: 1—
That capitalists who complain of having i
no outlet for their wealth imitate the phi- j
lanthropists of Europe, who built arti- j
sans model dwellings and received 10 per i
cent per annum for their philanthropy.
2— That San Francisco follow the lead of :
some of the Eastern cities by offering the !
people small holdings of city lands at rea- j
sonable prices and on easy payments. !
3— That the workman be educated to un- ;
derstand that the disadvantages to him
in living wnere he does, paying too much
rent and purchasing necessaries of in- |
ferior quality at extortionate prices, are
Car greater than he would endure were
he to live farther out. Added to this the
benefit of a walk to and from work and
the absnece of sickness in the family
consequent on the inhaling of miasma
were points in favor of his leaving the
Infested district for one more healthy.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Teresa or Essie Flood (by James j
D. Phelan and Alice Phelan Sullivan txecu- j
tors) to Teresa Doyle Murphy, lot on fc line |
of Eighteenth street, 110 E of Dolorua. E 2S,
S 112. W 8, S 45. W 20. N 157; $4000.
Anna Angebeok to Emma C L>. Meyer, wife
of Heinrlch Meyer, undivided quarter of lot on j
NW corner of Twenty-second and Dolores
Streets, N 25:11 by W 35; also property in San
Luifl Obispo; gilt.
John A. Lyon to George F. Lyon, lot on N I
line of Twenty-seventh street, 445 E of Church,
E 25 by N 114; also lot on N line of Twenty- I
seventh street. 495 E of Church. E 25 by N ( J.".;
also olot on W line of Dolores street, 58 S of j
Army, S 50 by W 9u; also lot on \V line of Wai- :
nut street. 225 N of Sherman, N 25 by W 100, |
lot 39, block 12, City Land Association; $10.
Mary Moore to Mary A. Mathews (wife of
Fred C). lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street,
2SO W of Castro, W 4(1 by N 225 ; gltt.
Tlmothey and Catherine Galvin to Joseph I
Groelli, lot on S line of Sacramento street. 40 !
W of Stockton, W 20 by S 40; $10.
Thomas W. Rrennan to Georee D. Shad- j
burne, lot on E line of Jolce street (Prospect i
place), 115:6 S of California and 197:6 \V of :
.Stockton, S 22 by E 60; $10.
Hosita Ryder to same, same, quitclaim deed, j
16.
Elizabeth and William Kehoe to John W. ',
Wright, lot on SK line of Tehama street, 132 i
SW of First. SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Man 1 ICeyea and Mary L. HiKhette to Mamie i
Mcl>ermott, lot on NW 'inn of Clementina i
street. 255 NE of Third, NE 20 by NW 80,
quitclaim deed; $10.
William K. Hearst to Phoebe A. Hearst, out
side lands, block 1250; also lot on NE corner of
V street und Nineteenth avenue, 164:9 S of U.
S 60:3, E i4O, N 67, W to beginning, also lot on
S line of W street. 14:11 W of Ninteenth ave
nue, X 14:11. S 600, W 40:4. N 800:10; also lot on j
W line of Nineteenth avenue, 204 :S N of W :
street. S 2Ci4 :x, w 10:9, N to beginning: grant.
W. B. ESastln (trustee* to Jennie Scbonwas
ser (wife of E. G. Schunwasser). lot on E line
<■{ Van Ness avenue, 100 N of Green street, N
5 by E 125; $1.
Julius U. and Emily H. Paulsen to Charles
and .Mary A. I). .bier, lot on N line of Twenty
third strt-ft, lso E of Castro, E 25 ny N 114; $10.
Henry w. Bradley to Achllle Paladlnl, lot on
S lint- of Washington street, 177:6 W of San
some, \v 3u by s 128; 55.
Joseph H. Tiedemann to Mary Pool, all In
terest In lot on NW corner of Rausch and Fol
som str.rt*. s\V 66 by NW 100; $10.
Mauri* <* Dore, Behrend and Anna Joost to
Henry M. O. Dahler, undivided half of lots 1.
4 and 5, bI.K-k 22, Noe Garden Homestead ;
Unt< a; $10.
Alfred Stable to J. A. Miller, lot on S line ,
Of Badowa street, 150 E of Marengo, E 50 by
5 125, lots T and S. block E, Railroad Home- ;
stead Association No. 2; $1".
Harry <;. and Adam M. I>ahler to Marten B. i
Jo..st. lot on W line ot Corbett road, M4:SH S ,
of Diamond alley, S 30 deg. 35 mm., W 49: ll 1 -j,
N 62 d*K. 9 mm*., W 99. N 19 deg. 11 mm., E
52:91*, S fil dear. 22 mm.. E 109:3, lot 12, block
2Z. Market -street Homestead; $10.
Ludwig Wagner to John J. Quinn and Mil- ,
ton Schmltt. lot on NW line of Paris street,
160 BW of China. SW 60 l>y NW 100, block 13.
Excelsior Homestead; also lot on NW line of :
Madrid street, 250 RW of China, SW 50 by NW
inn. block 29, same; $5.
William F. Klckman to city and county of !
Pan Francisco. lot on SW line of West avenue
and W curved line of Holly Park (Park aye- \
nuel, NW 44:9, SW 53.fi, S 56:3. E 60:6. N MS,
lots 21 and 22. block 2. Holly Park; $10.
Alameda County
William Hirst to John W. Hearst, lot on S
line of Twenty-sixth street. 44 E of San Pablo
avenue, E 50 by S 90, being portion of Kelsey
ana Witeber Tracts, i Oakland; $10.
Augusta ami Marcus H;tpp to Hannah God
frey (trustees estate of Sarah A. Reed), lot on
NX corner of Adeline and Seventh strents, N
40 by B 90, Mock U7, Oakland; $400(1.
\V. O. ami Emily B. Brown to I'nion B. and
1.. Association, lots 168 to itb, 181 to is 6, in
bl(Kks <in subdivisions Nos. 22, 23 and 24, lots
16, 17 and 18 in block 21; lots 35 and 37 in block
20; lots 54, 55. f.6. 37 and 38 in block or sub
division lit: lots 144 to 151 in block or subdi
vision 2': lot 106 in bl<x-k or subdivision 2!<: tot
150 In block or subdivision 22: lots 147 and 151
in blocks or subdivisions 22 and 27, all being
on map of resubdivlsiun Peru.Ua I'ark Oakland
Township; grant.
Charles Grass to same, sam<\ Oakland Town
ship; grant.
J. W. Hearst to William Hirst, 274 5S aerts,
lot 2 of SW quarter and N one-half of lot 1 oi
s-'W quarter and E half of N\V quarter anJ
NW quarter of Section 30, Township 4, S. R.
4 E, Murray Township; $10.
J. A. C. Macdonald to Mary A. Macdonall,
lot on N line of Twentieth Btreet, 100 C of
Broadway, X 7.'. by N 100, Oakland; gilt.
Paine to same, lot on N line of Twentieth
street. 90 E of Broadway. N 150 by E So, S 50,
W 75. S 100, \V ut to beginning, Oakland; gift.
Francis J. Jenkins to Margaret J. Jenkins,
lot on SE corner of Thirty-fourth and Peralta
streets, S ir>4:2. E S0:8, N 100, W 61:5 to begin
ning, being lot 6, block 675, Watts Tract, Oak
land; Bift.
L. C. Hensler (by tax collector) to B. Kel
sey. lots 28 to 31. block C, Parson's Golden Gate
tract, Oakland Annex; $2.
J. A. C. Macdonald to Mary A. Macdonald,
lot on N line of Reservoir road, 1443.72 E from
W line of Plat 72, Rancho V. and D. Peralta,
thence NE 321.7. NE 645.41, SE 72, SE 174.9. SK
72. BE 108, BW GO, SW 60. SE 50. SE 60, SW 80,
NW 287.13, SW 7.92, W to beginning, Oakland
Township; gift.
W. P. and Ella F. Plummer, Carl E. and
Alice O. White to Plummer Improvement Com
pany, lots 7 and S 90 feet of lot S, all lot 9,
block 2, lots 1 to 5, 8 and 9, block 4, all of block
5, lots 3. 5, 8. 9 and S 70 feet of lot 4, block 6,
Map of Property of John Kearney, Berkeley,
quitclaim deed: $10.
M. F. and Caroline Kilkeay to Louise Wis
slng. lot on N line of Hilgard avenue, 175
Eu<lid, E 50 by N 125. being lot 9, block 15,
Daley's Scenic Park tract, Berkeley: $10.
John T. Field to Louisa Field, lot on E cor
ner of George ;ind Clay streets, SE 50, E 100,
NW 50, SW 100 to beginning, being lot 21,
block 39, Lands of Fitchburg Homestead Asso
ciation. Brooklyn Township; Rift.
Sands W. and Lucille B. Forman and A. E.
Shaw to Mrs. Richard Jones, lut 84, Elmhurst
Park, Brooklyn 'Jownshlp; $10.
L. H. and Lizzie Sly to George V. Metzger.
lot on W line of Chestnut street. 166 N of
Twelfth. N 25 by W 132. block 573, Oakland
(subject to deed of trust for $700); $10.
Israel W. and Rebecca G. Knox, the Carnall-
Hopkins Co.. Oakland Contracting Co. and
Wells. Fargo & Co. (by commissioner) to nt
bernia Savings and Loan Society, k>t on SW
corner of Knox and Telegraph avenues, \V
410.073. S 142.43, E 410, N 140 to beginning, be
ing a portion of Knox Park, Oakland; also lot
on S line of Knox avenue. 535.65 W of Tele
graph, W 196.47. S 22.32, E 54.50, S 202.*0, E
108.51, N 190.17 to beginning, being a portion of
the same; also lot on N line of Knox avenue.
325 W of Telegraph. W 58.70, N 111.16, E 55.70, S
105. 56 to beginning, being a portion of the same;
also lot on N line of Knox avenue, 41&.81 W of
Telegraph, W 55.25. N Hi. B7, E 55.26, S 111.67 to
beginning, same; also lot on N line of Knox
avenue. 509.26 W of Telegraph. W 40.15. N
112.06. E 4u. li'. S 111.95 to beginning, same; slso
lot on N line of Knox avenue. 594.61 W nj Tele
graph, W 65.54. N 112.36. S 65.5fi, S 112.17 to be
ginning same; also lot on N line of tv.iox ave
nue. 785.85 W of Telegraph, W 208.83, X 90. %2,
E 206.42, S 10834 to beginning, same: $40,453.
Flora Bauer to Christian Bauer, lot on SE
corner of Broadway and Durant street, S 84
by E 100, block O, Fountain place. Oakland;
also lots 7 and 8. block 77, Oakland; also lot on
SW corner of Second and Franklin streets. S
75 by W 100. being a portion of block 7, Oak
land; also lot on SW corner of East Fifteenth
and Fontainebleau streets, S 100, W to E line
of lands of Bernamayon. N 100, E to beginning,
portion of Fontainebleau Tract, East Oakland;
gift.
Thomas H., R. R.. P. C. and Sarah M. Stev
ens, Mary S. S. and Robert E. Bradley. Rowan
Stevens and S. Vail to Sarah J. Bailey, entire
block 3, Clinton, East Oakland, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Charles D. and Clara J. McLellan to John
Kastle lr>t on SE line of Nineteenth avenue,
100 SW of E Fifteenth street. SW 40 by SE 75,
block 21, San Antonio. East Oakland: $5. etc.
Harriet S. Hutton to J. A. D. Hutton. lot on
5 line of Francisco street, 137 W of Shattuok
avenue, W 86 by S 135, being lots 7 and 8,
block A, Jaynes Tract, Berkeley;; gift.
J. A. D. Hutton to Alameda Water Com
pany, some, subject to a mortgage for $750.
Berkeley; $1250.
John Kastle to Charles D. McLellan, lot on
SW corner of Virginia and California streets,
W 120. S ?70. E 40. N 135. E 80, E 125 to be
ginning, block "•. Teachers' State University
Homestead, Berkeley: $5.
James P. Dunn to M. M. Dunn, lot on SW
corner of Ward street and Telegraph avenue,
W 1":5, S 131:6. E 119:11. N 133:7 to beginning,
being lots 4. 5 and 6, block F, Leonard tract,
Berkeley: $1200.
Pacific Land Investment Company to First
Presbyterian Church of Newark, lot on NW
line of Rich avenue. 50 NE of Olive street. N\V
157 by NE 50, being lot 19, block 23, Newark,
Washington Township; $1.
A. Schuller to Mnbel A. Cool, wife of G. Cool,
Mary M. Maxon. wife of C. C. Maxon. Norman
and J. C. Schuller. lot 65, in Plat 16, Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $5.
Martha A. Stirling, wife of James O. Ster
ling, to Dennis McCarthy, lot on E line of
Prospect avenue, 70 NE of East Eighteenth
street, N 70 by E 110, being lots 3 and 4, block
E. Daly tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W D Coats, Fresno R D Cronk, Chicago
E R D'Astors, L Ang C H Ball. Berkeley
W J Whitney. Oakland J A Barton, N V
H A Estes. Minn E W Hale. Sacto
T V Corcoran, Vallejo Mrs E W Hale. SactO
G W Bailey, Wash C White, Del Monte
M M Young, Fa .1 X Lowe, S Jose
M Lehman, Pa Mrs J R Lowe, S Iwe
I Twellenberg, NT J M Cromhie, Detroit
Mrs B Bolls, N V M Thope. S Barbara
Mrs F Childs, NY | H H Bales. Oakland
J N He-meg, Ohio I Mrs H H Bales. Oakld
E H Lux, Cincinati I U P Barker, Cal
L M Williams, S Lucas W D Davits Goat Isld
W G Purnell, Sacto IE E Dyei, Merced
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J C Barry, Oakdale J C Jordan, Bakersfld
A Bernard & w, Cal M Schlegel, N V
G Falrley, Seattle T R Campbell, Denver
N A Calmon, Wash IR R Jones. Chicago
J Mulroy, Tacoma A D Magee. Mo
H Williams. Portland P A Farney, Neb
J R Smith & w, Cal J P Burke, Vlsalia
H Walker, Portland 1 B Broadwell, CaJ
J D Martin, S Jose O D McKay, Fresno
F Smith. Downleville M Sherwood, Chicago
J F Dixon, Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
Miss J3hnson, htanfrd (T Morehouse, Stanfrd
S L Carter, Fresno L Clark, Stanford
C D Dewe.', San Jim E Williams, Gold Hill
G Crawfordi-iv, Chlcg T Whiting. Burlingme
W H IJrrrvm, Pan J<.so:W C Robson, Sacto
J Holland &w, L Ang JW Mullaney, Sacto
G Kramer, Sacto E X Brad way, Omaha
W C Allen, Larkspur C Smith. Napa
T Moran, Oakland W C Potts&s.Jamestw
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 Mr-Allister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open v ''1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until S o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
mki;iim; .\.>tici-;s.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commendery <*-&-»
No. 16, K. T.— Special assembly THlS^isf*
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. The Order IQI
of the Temple will be conferred. Via- \y
lting fraters are courteously invited.
JONATHAN M. PEEL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. & A. M. •
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at f:3O o'clock. Fir de- jKJT
gree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /▼'
KING SOLOMON* B Lodge No. 260. F. »
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1839 Fill- _J\_
more st— Second degree THIS (MON- TS2?
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By'^r^
order of the Master. HARRY BAEHR,
Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. ■
M.— Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) JV_
KM ING, at 7:30 clock Third de- J\l\
gree. By order of f^r x
GEO. W. TURNER, W. M.
G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal «
Arch Masons, meet THIS EVENING.
M. M. degree. >£_2\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary, '^r y
THE Knights of the Red Branch will *
hold their twenty-ninth annual picnic \j%
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on
SUNDAY. May 1, IS9S. The committee '*«^
on arrangements will meet at the K. R. B.
Hall on WEDNESDAY EVENING, April i 3,
at 8 o'clock. THE PRESIDENT.
81'ECIAL, NOTICISS.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectluns made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 0; tel. UM.
MISS FAIRBANKS— Fortunes told; has re-
moved to room 6, 234 O'Farrell St.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny St., room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1. 343
Third St. and 2SOS Twenty-fourth.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcoaol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
room 5.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29. second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10, second floor front.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor at.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120>4 Geary et., room 11.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.
! . DIVIDEND NOTICES.
i COUPONS of the First Mortgage Bonds of the
! Sierra Railway Company of California will
be paid on and after April 12 at the office
1 of the company, room 238, Crocker building.
SITUATIONS A' AM T JU— V J£
> A NO.l German cook; also German nurse, de-
sire situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
THOROUGHLY competent German woman de-
sires situation where she can have her daugh-
ter with her, who is a highly educated girl;
mother fine dressmaker and cook or house-
keeper. ' MISS CULLEN. ?25 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $I<"> to $15;
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish iaundr^ss desires situa-
tion; best references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter it.
SWEDISH first-class nurse; infant or Invalid;
can take full charge; best references. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
REFINED American girl wishes situation up-
stairs work and sewing and help children
with studies. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE young woman, with child,
wishes position as housekeeper; fond of chil-
dren; no objection to country- Ai ply 218
Eddy st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, understands all
branches of cookery; references. 323 Sutter.
CAPABLE young woman wishes housework or
chamberwork; mornings only; $1 50 a week;
sleep home. Box 312H, Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker; is a first-class
fitter and designer; will work for $1 a day.
1073' ii Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation; city
or country; good cook and general house-
work. Address box 3239, Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation; is a
good cook and laundress; .city or country.
Address 315>^ Stockton st.
OMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do house-
work and cooking; $20. 513 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework
In orivate family. Tlease call 610 Capp St.,
bet. Twenty first and Twenty-second.
A WOMAN would like situation to do light
housework and sewing; reference. Address
M. L.-, 204 Turk st.
WANTED— By Scotch girl, housework and
cooking in private family. Call 10J Loaven-
worth st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation as second
girl or housework. Address ISOSVi Powell st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; is a
good seamstress or would do mending; $1 25
per day. 615 Post st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; city or coun-
try; $10 to $12 per month. 504 Howard st.
■GERMAN girl wishes a situation as cook and
laundress; private family. Box 3226, Call.
GERMAN woman with a child wants situa-
tion; a good cook; city or country. 1204
Mission st.
LADY of refinement wishes a position as
housekeeper in small family; references
given; city or country. Box 3230, Call office.
LADY of refinement wishes a position ad nurse
and companion to an Invalid; references
given. Box 3140. Call office.
REFINED, respectable Eastern woman wishes
position to sew with dreenmaker or in fami-
lies; fully competent. Address box 3229. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work by thp
day; $1 day and car fare. 332 Turk st.
WOMAN wants flannels to wnsh at her home
Address MRS. D., 1745 Hyde st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 34 Sixth St., room 6.
REFINED American woman and daughter as
working housekeeper; competent to take full
charge; city or country- 'i\~ Eddy St., room 3.
NEW YORK lady desires a position as house-
keeper for small family: a first-class house-
keeper and a good cook; no objection to
country. Box 3300. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping or plain mending; no objection to
short distance in country. Call or address
1104 Mission St., room 10.
POSITION as teacher desired ' by a lady
student during the summer; experienced;
French and German; references given and
required. Box 115, Palo Alto.
REFINED, intelligent American lady as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country- Call or
address 34^4 Turk St.. room 14.
SITUATION wanted by a working housekeeper,
good cook and sewer; country preferred. 60*
Tennessee St., Potrero.
81. I WHO? i WAX - ED— Continued.
DURING the summer vacation an engagement
desired by an experienced lady as house-
keeper in a summer boarding-house or private
family; references given and required. Box
115, Palo Alto.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. IKS Fourth St., room 10.
SITUATION- VI AKTED-MALR
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1*97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE Employmt Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISOS Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant 5P Geo. Aoki, 30 Gear- st^
PRACTICAL gardener— Reliable man: middle-
aged: can milk and tend to horses if re-
quired; is handy with tools: all-round man:
reierences city and country. M. H., box
3124, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED steady man wishes situation
in private family; understands care at horses,
driving and gardening; make himself gener-
ally useful; city or country. Box 3241, Call._
YOUNG man (German), good habits, wishes
position in meat market; butcher or driver.
J. H. R., box 1313. CaU.
BUTCHER. 25, speaks German and English,
wishes steady job; city or country; 10 years'
experience. Box 3125, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a handy boy around
house: understands care of horses. Address
box 3125, Call. |
YOUNG German who was working 2 years in a !
sausage factory, and afterward in a saloon, i
wishes situation. Address box 3147. Call.
MAN and wife want situations to take care of
bouse; city or country. Box 3148. Call office. !
ENGLISHMAN wishing t<i gam experience in
chicken ranching or vineyard offers his ser-
vices for board and lodging. Box 3159, Call.
SITUATION as gardener by steady man; city
or country; can milk, drive; handy about
houpe; references. Address box 3156, Call.
YOUNG man wants position running steam or
gasoline engine; good driver; can milK and
handy with tools; best of reference. Address
box 3228. Call office.
LANDSCAPE gardener posted In orchard grow-
ing or manager in any large place. Address
D., box 2, Call office, Oakland.
HEAD gardener wishes situation; well posted
In greenhouse work and bedding; married and
best references. Address A., box 6, Call
office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wants situation; best
of references. Address C, box 7. Call office,
Oakland.
YOUNG married man, handy with tools and, j
experienced in farming, would like position In '
counti-v good references. Address N. C. N., j
IS Clara St., S. F.
SWEDISH man and wife with 2-year-old child
would like work on private place or ranch;
man as all round man: woman as cook. Ad-
dress box 3232, Call office.
WANTED — By a young man, German, kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work: city or country. Address 11.
VIELJTZ. 136 Sixth St., room 7.
COOK for small boarding-house or cook on
board vessel. R. A. R.. 44 Third st.
ENGINEER, stationary, wants work at trade
or a?, night watchman or driver; anything at
living wages; American and married. Ad-
dress 2SOB Laguna St.
EXPERIENCED cloak and suit salesman,
with best of references, is open for engage-
ment. Address box 3203, Call office.
POSITION wanted— Drug clerk, experienced In
Eastern and Western trade. Box 3193 Call.
WELL educated businesslike young man of
pleasant address, good talker, knowing
French, English and Russian, desires posi-
tion; best of city references. Box 3222, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, understands thoroughly how
to open and close set of books; best of refer-
ences. Box 3372, Call office.
GOOD steady and reliable American cook would
like a good steady place. 654 Mission St.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third si., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $«
week; convenient _nd respectable: free 'bus
and raßgace to and from fer y.
FEMALE I* ELI* WANTED.
SECOND girl. $20, see lady here at 11 to-day;
Protestant cook, 2 in family, $30; 3 American,
German and French nurses, $20 and $25: 4
cooks, German style, $25; laundress, $25;
Scandinavian second girl. 2 in family, $25: f>
waitresses and chambermaids, $20, $5 and $6
week; dishwasher, $20: and a large number of
girls to fill situations in city and country. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES for Alaska, $20 a week each.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
5 YOUNG women, dairy work, $1 per day.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country, $10; Tuo-
lumne County; fare paid. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
COOK, ranch. $25; cook, mining town, iZo; no
objection to 1 child. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $20; 2 Gerraan or Swed-
ish second girls. $20 and $25. 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULL)L.\ T , C 2.'> Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, Menlo, $20; Ros3 Valley, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work, $10 to ?13. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country, $20; 2 waitressea, city,
$15 and $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
FRENCH girl, chamber work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN nursery governess, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 225 Sutter st.
WAITRESS. 2 in family. $25. country, see lady
here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
MOTHER and daughter or two friends or
sisters, $35, ranch. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter St.
FRENCH nursery governess, $35. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. 2 ! n family, ranch. Main-
tain View, $15; fare paid. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, country hotel, $20 and fare; 2 wait-
resses and chambermaids, same country
hotel, $20; 2 neat young waitresses, city hotel,
$15; 4 restaurant waitresses; cook, small
hotel, near city, $30, no baking: cook, small
boarding-house, country. $2i); waitress, first-
class place, city. $2C 2 lunch waitresses, $3 50;
2 restaurant waitresses. $5 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LADY'S maid, French spoken, to travel to
France, $30; mother and daughter to cook on
ranch, see party here, $30; girl, housework,
San Rafael, $15; girl, housework, Hanford, $20;
Kirl, housework, Petaluma, $15; girl for
Nairn. $20; 10 girls, housework, city, $20;
ranch cook for Hay wards. $20. see party here;
cook, small city hotel, $30. C. R. HAN'SEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl. $25; nurse. $20; 3 second girls,
$20. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
HOUSEGIRL, 2 in family, no washing $25-
American family. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter. j
GERMAN second girl. $20; German nurse, $15:
German housegirl, $25. MRS. NORTON, 323
Putter st.
HOUSEGIRL. Sausalito, $25, 2 in family;
housegirl, small ranch, $15: two housegirls.
Alameda, $20 each; middle-aged women,
country, $20 to $25; cook, $30; 4 cooks. $25
each; 25 housegirls, city, $15 to $30. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, plain country hotel, $25; women for
housework: second girl for ranch, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
SECOND girl, private family, near city, $20
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— 4 German and French cooks. $35.
$30 and $25; American cook, country, $25; i
laundresses, $30 and $25; German or French
nurse, $20; infant's nurse, $25; girls for house-
work and assist, $20, $15 and $10: second girl,
$15. LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton «t.
WAITRESS, $25; infant's nurse. $25; girl, sec-
ond work and sewing, $25: 15 girls for house-
work and assist, $15 to $25. MRS. HIRD, 631
Luritin >«t.
WIDOWER of 35, no children, wishes an In-
telligent and accommodating housekeeper a
few years younger who would appreciate a
plain, comfortable home in Alameda; wages
$15 a month. Address in own handwriting,
stating age, etc., H. J., box 3240. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats; able to
make- buttonholes and used to sewing ma-
chine. 403 Stevenson St.. near Fifth.
NEAT girl to learn dressmaking; paid while
learning. City of Paris building, room 129,
Geary and Stockton sts.
GIRL for housework and plain cooklnsr. 9
Glen Park aye., oft Twelfth St., bet. Mission
and Howard.
GIRL or woman who sleeps home; general
housework anil cooking; wages $15 per month.
517 Leaven worth st.
WANTED— Strong Kir! for k<>"<thl housework
and cooking; wages $15. 750 Castro St.. near
YOUNG girl wanted. 14 or 16, for light house-
work; wages $8. Apply forenoon, 1514 Devls-
Hdciu st., near Geary. •
GIRL general housework: light cooking, bak-
ing; small family; wages $15. 12164 Golden
Gate aye.
GIRL to be generally useful; small restaurant;
state particulars and salary. Box 3130. Call.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$15; references. 1021 Post st.
WANTED— GirI to take care of children, as-
sist upstairs, sewing; $15. 2213 Van Ness aye.
TAILORESS wanted at 724 Howard st.
HELP WABf^D— Continue*^
ScXnDINAVXAN or German girl ' for general
! housework; good cook. 311 Scott st.
i WANTED— German girl for general housework
j and cooking. Pine st.
WANTED- Young girl in store; light work.
256 Third st. ' ' - -
WANTED— Finishers on pants.. 226 Minna st.
WANTED-A young girl to do general house-
work. _APA PP ly at _r?26 Bush st. betore 12 m.
WANTED— GirI for second work and wait-
ing. 1207 Hydejst L _ -
WANTED- A young girl to do general housa-
work: wages $12. 1512 Bush st. -,:--f ,■
GIRL for general housework: small; American
family; wages $20. 719 Cole St., after 9 o clock.
ADVANCED apprentice on pants. 102 Minna.
GOOD coat finisher and experienced appren-
tice. 76 Harriet st.
OPERATORS and finishers on pants. 3114
Fillmore st. • _
WOMAN to work in kitchen who understands
cooking. 13 Polk st. ~ ■"•
FINISHERS and . apprentices on pants. 858
Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth. _
BOOK folders; also two apprentices. 605 Mont-
gomery st. ,
LADY cashier and matron able to take Inter-
est in select and profitable cash business;
references. 313 Bush st. ' ' ' ■
2 UNDER clerks, wholesale trade, assistant
office cashier and correspondent. 1023 Market.
LADIES to fell my toilet specialties. MRS
BUTLER, room 324. 806 Market St.
STRONG, honest young woman to do general
housework, washing and cooking; good home
for good girl; $15. 1905 Broadway. '
WANTED— First-class tailoress on fine coats.
411' i Kearny st.
LADIES earn $S weekly doing needlework at
home; no canvassing; inclose self-addressed
stamped envelope for reply. STANDARD
NOVELTY CO., 101 Beekman St., New York.
EXPERIENCED shirt waist cuttPr and fitter;
steady employment. M. J. KELLER COM-
PANY, 1105 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— A lady between 25 and 30 to learn
dressmaking and do light housework; good
home and fair salary to right person; apply
after 10 a. m. 116 Taylor st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted at Q.
LEDERER'S. 11l Stockton^sr
WANTED— Strong Swedish girl to help In a
kitchen; wages $10 and room. 686 Geary »t.
DR WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1020 Market
St.; consultation free; fees moderate.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position!
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'B. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1073 Market
et.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The »--- <-.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
31ALE HELP WANTED.
WANTEIV-Quartz millman. $3 day and board:
machinist, good shaper man, $3 to $4 day; J
quartz mintrs, $2 day and board; 10 tie mak-
ers 10c and lie; gravel miner. $3 day; elec-
tro plater; 10 coal miners by contract or day;
teamsters, $26; farmers, $20: and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Young stenographer and type-
writer for lawyer's office, $5 week; young
man for miners' store, $25 and found and in-
crease; cook, country hotel. $45 to $50; as-
sistant baker, waiters, kitchen men and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62J
Sacramento st. ; __
WANTED— Quartz millman, accustomed to
cyanide process, chemist preferred, $125 per
month. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st.
A— MURRAY & READY
wants hundreds of men for different positions
in city and country; from $15 to $80 per month
and found; call and see us. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. ; telephone Main 5548.
A— lo LABORERS FOB A MINE ■
$175 day; 2 good drifters, powder drifts, $2
day. MURRAY & READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 36 COAL MINERS
6 farm hands. $20. $15, $25; 3 laborers, city
work, $1 75 day. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 336_ WOODCHUPI'ERS
$1 25 and $1 r"rd, for different places in Cali-
fornia; 355 tie makers. Be. 'Jc, 10c and lie
each, for different places in California. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, C 34 and 636 Clay st.
A— FARMER and wife, without children, fare
$1; 3 chorehoys for ranches; 2 milkers, {l'iJ
and $25; butter maker, 12 cows. $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 631 and 636 Clay st.
A— l BLACKSMITH 1 Harness Maker
2 ship carpenters. MURRAY & RE^DV,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 63S
Clay st.
A— T WAITERS 7 Cooks
3 Dishwashers 2 Tailors
MURRAY <fe READY, Leading Employment
Agent?, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— LAUNDRY HELP —
Man to polish and help starch, $30 and found;
country laundry. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FRY cook. $60; German second cook, $60; cook
for a. restaurant. $12 a week and room; cook.
$9 a week: foreman bread baker, $13 a iv^<-k
and board; baker, New England style, JIJ a
week and found; third-hand baker, $25 an 1
found; waiter, $40; waiter, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ENGINEER for a sawmill, $40 and board;
barker, $35 and board; screw turner, $35 and
board; edger, $30 and board; tunnelman. $2 f0
a day: woodchoppers, $1 25 a cord, grub ad-
vanced, long job; man about place $15. C. It.
HANSEN <fe CO.. 104 Geary St.
COMPETENT baroer for a country Institution :
porter and runner, country hotel, $20- bell
boy, $10. C. R. H-«,~ISN & CO., 104 Geary »t.
WANTED— Fred Ohlander. please call; driver
for milk route in city, references required,
$35 per month and found; German cook for
hotel, near city, $65; milkers, farmers and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
THREE ship carpenters, $3 a day; house car-
pemers, $2 50 a day; cook, $25; coal miners
$2 50 a day. or by the ton. R. T. WARD &
CO., 60S-610 Clay st.
10 MEN' to work in stone quarry, $1 per day,
with board and lodging: bring blankets. Ap-
ply this morning, JOHNSTON & CO., S7l
Broadway, Oakland.
MARRIED janitor at once who can furnish
bonds, with references. 1023 Market st.
ATTENDANT for electric elevator: man and
wife; position of responsibility. 1023 Market.
BOOKKEEPER, shop timekeeper, collectors
and salesmen to call at once. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage together light profit-
able cash business. 313 Bush st.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper, stationer's
and publishing house. Particulars 313 Bush.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 501 Davis st., near Jackson, also
men for whaling and Alaska; no experience
required.
RESIDENT managing partner for cash busi-
ness, Stockton, $200: investment fully se-
cured: weekly allowance $15 at start: an ex-
cellent opening for an active young business
man. Particulars 313 Bush st.
100 MEN immediately to work on the water;
good wages. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 502 Ellis st.
WANTED— German grocery clerk; give age,
references. Address box 3127. Call office.
BUTCHER wanted. 45»2 Hayes st., near Oc-
tavia.
GERMAN grocery clerk, under 20 years; live
with parents. Vo\ McAllister St.
WANTED— Good lunch cook: German pre-
ferred; must be good man. 29 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack wanted at SO4 Larkin
st. at 7 a. m.
A THIRD hand baker wanted. 40 San Pablo
aye., Oakland.
YOUNG man wanted; must write good hand.
3 Taylor st.
WANTED— A dishwasher; call early. 312 Mont-
gomery aye.
GOOD home for old man, If sober and trust-
worthy. Mil Howard st.
WANTED— Second baker on bread. 1509 Polk
street.
GOOD finisher on custom coats; also experl-
enced apprentice; steady work. 239 Fifth st.
GOOD shoemaker on repairing at 406. McAllis-
ter st.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ
BO Market st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla. Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work: good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515, 32S Montgomery, S. F.
BRIGHT boy, about 15. for tea and crockery
store. Columbia Tea Company, 250 Sixth st.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m at the Stevenson-st. entrance to
CHARLES LYONS', 721 Market St.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764M> Mission-
men to take rooms; 10c, lf.c and 2oc Der
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
PARTNER with $25 to invest in profitable cash
business; honorable: no competition; please
investigate Mon., Tues. 106 Taylor st., room 2.
7 YOUNG men, 1 blacksmith, for voyage south'
i good wages. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart »t.HELP WANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United" State's
marine corps, United States navy; able-
Dodied. unmarried men. between the ages of
ri and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legal*/ de-
clared their Intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
epeak. read and write English, and be be-
t tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
' For further information apply at th» re-
crultlng office. 20 Ellis . San Francisco, Cal.
EXPERIENCED coat and pants maker. 225&
Montgomery St.; steady job.
FARMER In country on salary to obtain
poultry, egg shipments. Box 3299. Call office,
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
. F. Barber College, 138Vs Eighth st.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. Herman's, M Steuart st.
WANTED— men to occupy clean rooms; 1
nights 2lc or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
600 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price: half soling 35c 959 Howard st. I
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call"
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st. •
WANTED — Laborer? and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. :i" -hird tt.! 150 iargs
rooms: 25c per night: Jl to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS. Sec.. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Gran: <38.
MARKET. fSthi (Elcho House)— Single rooms.
12'-j lid to 25c per night; week. 75c. $1. $1 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- |
ment. Bernard. Secy., 102 7th: tel. South 625.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near j
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room; I
free "bus and baggage to and from he ferry. !
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Undell House. Sixth and Howard its.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and I
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Suiter. !
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth, j
for n room: Re * night: 'l a week. i
PARTNERS \va>tkd.
WANTED— Partner for dyeing and cleaning
business: must be a dyer. 929 Folsom st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. $40 Mis-
sion ft.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to IS Mont-
gomery «t. ; highest price* paid. Tel Davis 7t.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— SaiI boat for missionary purposes,
10 or 15 tons; must be cheap: give size, age,
maker, etc. Address box :Wl, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— geld, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. V. Third
LOST. ~
LOST— Red leather . tbook containing U.
S. Government certificate dated June, I^4,
and other papers: no value. Leave at saloon
corner Fourth and \ nsend sts. and receive
reward.
LOST— Lady's gun metal watch, fleur de l's pin,
V gold and pearls: reward. Return to Exam-
iner business office.
LOST— Sunday morning, ladrs purse contaln-
Ilng money, in St. Brigid's Church, or on Van
Ness aye. Return to 1231 Filbert St.; reward.
LOST— Bunch of keys. Reward 806 Hampshire
M., near Twenty-first.
BETWEEN Montgomery and Eighth streets
on Market, one account book and cigar box
containing bills. Return to 621 Mission st.
and receive {.", reward.
LOST— A small light-brown cocker spaniel; $20
reward. Return to 424 Post st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of CHARLES Hg LEARNED. No.
•191.234. The finder will please return' to bank.
BANK book, San Francisco Savings Union,
CHAR. B. LEARNED: also small black
ketbook, containing promissory note
• • drawn Nov. 20, 1833. in favor same party.
CASH Riven for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
LOlKil".- HOISTS KOJt SALE.
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers. 22-i
Geary st.
83 rooms: rent $76: clears $ISO $1200 ■
4S rooms; best in city: central 2000
40 roo.-is; sunny corner; transient 20"0 i
21 room*; big bargain; clears" $20 50 \
17 rooms; first flo.ir pays rent.. BSD
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
10 rooms; Ltrkln; corner; Knap..... '-'""' '
10 rooms; solid oak: all folding beds...'. 650
10 rooms: Ellis; new and good 3i>o '
" 7 rooms; Market: •■•flees pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— JI6OO; 20 rooms; reduced from $2500; best
transient corner; sunny corner; clears $150.
KREDO. & CO.
A— s.VM>: 9 rooms; transient: clears $100; central
and funny: snap. KREDO & CO., 22^j Geary.
60 ROOMS; rent $125; sunny corner; owner
leaves for Alaska; IS rooms clear $50 .. $700
10-room flat: sunny corner "... 22?.
25-room house; sunny corner MOO
?2-room house; fine corner ;0;>0
29-room house; clears $150: must sell ;?00
■. 29 rooms: near Palace Hotel; rent $65.... I&tC
22-riKim house: new and good 7V
■60 rooms; rent $65; clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market ii
'. BARGAIN LIST
14-room. Sutter St.. doctor's offices $ 450
IS rooms, lovely house, yard, sunny 650
20 rooms, brand new corner: payments 1200 i
2.3 rooms, corner, income $2.10. 2100'
1 •rS rooms, rent ISO, part cash 400
. 32 rooms, rent $100. offlce3 only 1000 ;
45 room?, central, worth $3000 ' 1500
WINSTON £• CO.. 646 Market st.
LODGING house of 16 rooms, well furnished
and full of roomers. 136 Sixth Ft.
ELEVENTH. m- Branch office of The Call, j
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR SALE—? rooms or complete for house-
keeping: nearly new; party leaving the city.
Box S2OZ, Call office.
127 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clny— Open until 9:*
o'clock: branch of flee of Th« Call. Subicr.p-
tlons and want ada taken. ■
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
■ RARE chance on account of departure: for sale
cheap. 1 large vault In Calvary Cemetery-
Box 3163, Call office.
■ BUTTONHOLE manufacturing machine, sec-
ond hand, $35. 624 Elizabeth St.; Castro cars.
FOR BALE— Small aviary with birds. In-
• quire 449 Fifth st.
A PRETTY, Improved plat in Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. 304 Third st. •
• COIN silver new spoons; a nice present, for
$10; worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
$300— SCHOONER yacht for sale; 44 feet long.
Box 3209. Call office. ' ■•
DOMESTIC sewing machine. E drawers; almost
new; cheap. IMS Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH &' WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st. •
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain: call at once. 654 Mission st.
B\RS. back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and j
(office furniture and fixtures; new and sec- |
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. . - ■ • ■
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large iron tank.- Apply. HAVENS &
. TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
an 3 : bowl barber washstands. cheap. HIT-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ■ . . • ■
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J.- R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand:' all
6lzes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONEB. $10: Records.' $5 per dor.;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, ale. hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. . ,
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc.,
bought and sold. 1"C Mission, near Seventh^
CARPE'. CLEANING. .
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; " cleans,
ftioves. lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
and 40 Eight i St.: telephone South 250. •
%HEN you become disgusted with poor work
stnd to BPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 553-57 Tehama st. : tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. .J.
• McQUEEN. 453 Stevenson st.; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 3:<4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, rencvat- 1
Ing, alteration- wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 221.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3a
BTRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern ■ Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT: teL Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14tn
ct.: cleaning. 3c' a yard; tel. Mission 74.; ..
CONKLIN'S Carret-Be«ting Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; teL East IM. .
BU:.INES 3 CHANCES.
$450— ELEGANTLY fltted^up and money-mak-
Ing candy store on Polk st. ; must be sacri-
ficed; owner keeping another business. Apply
WILKE. 7*3 Market St. ;- - .
13200—THE best fitted up. and guaranteed to
• clear $300 net per month, saloon close to Claus
' Spreckels building; first-class custom; no bet-
ter business offer in the market; investigate
"at once: this is a chance of a lifetime.
WILKE, 7»3 Market St.- ;
$400— SALOON: average daily receipts $10: rent
$25; 2 doors from Montgomery St.; a bargain.
WILKE. 783 Market st.
CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
- kept by present owner, for jears and doins
a good paying business; rare chance; fullest
Investigation gl\— *. WILKE. 7s>3 Market st.
$1250— OLD-ESTABLISHED sr' in, close to
banks and leading hotels; average daily re-
ceipts $22; rent $50, lease: no night work;
actual value $2000; owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WILKE. 783 Market st.
BAKER, ATTENTION— "
Bakery in Western Addition; price $l»00: 4 liv-
ing rooms: old established; a first-class bar-
galn. WILKE, 7&3 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon,; best In city; must sell;
owner leaves Tuesday; make offer. - KREDO
& CO., 22»i Geary st. ; .
A—slso;A — $150; dining room; 30 steady boarders; no
rent; don't miss it. KREDO & CO., 2! i
Geary st. . .
A— s27s; cigar stand; best corner Kearnyt fine
stock: clears $100. KREDO & CO., 22£ Geary.
A—s4so;A — $450; saloon; side entrance; Market st. ; best
bar In city. KREDO & CO., --'j Geary st.
A— $200; florist and seed business; best town
near city; clears $100. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary ft. . • ' ■
$100— GROCERY and bar: bargain this day.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st. •• "
$1500— GROCERY, French liquor store, north
Market; departure for Europe cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$.1000— CORNER 'grocery, with bar attached;
large trade: horses, wagons Included; trial
given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
EXPRESSING and transfer - business •in 4
cities; good horses, wagons, etc.; established
many years; doing an excellent, steady busi-
ness; has hauling for large wholesale houses;
offered at a low figure, as owner is engaged
In other business. -• M. LESS, 765 Market st.
STRAND & CO.. 24 Third St.. buy. sell or ex-
change business quick; partners procured.
SALOON men, attention— corner saloon
for sale at Invoice to highest bidder this
week. STRAND & CO., 24 Third st.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted in commission oum-
ness.
$450— Saloon; old-established, good location,
and other bargains in saloons. bak >ri-;s and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO.. 7"7 Market.
DELICACIES and bakepy. worth $1000 for.. $2=.n
Dry goods, stationery, bakery: cheap ....
Cigar stand, near Baldwin Hotel 42i
Saloon; worth $3500: fine corner '.... 1250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market s-t.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light .business; es-
tablished 15 years; $2." to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most I
prominent firms in the city: no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary st.,
room 2.
PLAIN delicacy store: good location: selling
on account of sickness. WICHMAN, LUT-
GEN &. CO.. 31S Clay st.
$250 — PORK and delicacy store; also furniture
of 2 rooms; good trade: rent $10, paid until
June. Address box 3243, Call office.
PARTNER wanted in saloon business; refer-
ences. 33 Third st.
CORNER "saloon* In manufacturing portion. of
city. Inquire Albany Brewery.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In very best
. town across the bay; located on corner of
two of the most prominent streets; practically
without opposition in its neighborhood; pots- '
itively clearing $20u to $250 per month; owner
there over 7 years and offers his business at
a great sacrifice on account of departure
north; no reasonable offer refused. J. C. 8.,
box 12. Call office, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted In an old established real
estate and collection business; first-class of-
fice fixtures, horse and .buggy; $3000 on books;
collecting monthly: small amount of money
required. Box 3207, Call office.
RELIABLE business man connected with larg-
est house on Market st.. offers for sale inter- .
est in his /system for playing the races " ; in
successful use every day: Immense returns;
Email capital; references given and required;
price $100. Box 3155, Call office.
GOOD Investment; $700; old-established busi- i
ness: fine location; good reasons for selling;
no agents. Box E, X, Y. Call branch office, {
106 Eleventh St. . .
FOR sale— The Argonaut saloon, corner Twelfth
and Mission st*., on account of sudden de- ]
parture. Call between 11 a. m. and 4 p. m. '
WANTED— To buy small stock -of shoes; city
or country: must be a bargain for cash; state
particulars. Box 31*!'. Call office. ,
A CHANCE— $500 buys interest in a well-estab-
lished business; $1000 yearly sure; Inquire
personally. R. BENJAMIN, 11l Ellis St.'
WOOD and coal yard; 333 Third St.; old-estab-
lished stand; large ana roomy; to rent for
$25 per month.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls: old-
established stand; rent reasonable. 2622 Mis- 1
sion st. •
$100—SALOON and 4 living rooms; rent $10.
83 Clementina st., ' near Second.
COMPLETE furniture of restaurant for sale.
Address box 3236, Call office.
$1200 buys a flourishing business; wood and '
coal; boarding and feed stable; owner going i
to Klondike; business across the bay. Ad-
dress box ,3204, Call office.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chophoilae; beet
, location; opposite the ferries. IS East st.
NOTION and cigar store; three nice rooms;
rent $12. 155 Eleventh st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale. See !
owner at 136 First st. t
$75— BRANCH bakery; 1155 Howard St.; three {
living rooms; rent $15.
DRUG store; old established; in Western Addi-
tion; suitable for physician; reasonable. Ad-
dress box 3371. Call office. ;
CORNER saloon; opposite factory; sell on
account of death. 1121 Harrson st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale; reason,
must go to the Interior to ranch; will stand
"full investigation. Apply at Call office.
WANTED— partner with a capital of $600 in
a bakery and coffee house doing $1000 busi-
ness. 82 Pacific aye., • Santa Cruz, Cal.
ON account of going to the mines, grocery and
bar for sale at a sacrifice. Southwest corner
Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts.
PALACE Bakery for sale: doing a good busi-
ness In the town of- Salinas; owner retiring
to go East. Address P. O. box 245. Salinas.
$400— Bakery: store trade $10 to $12 day; good I
outside route; owner obliged to leave city.
Apply Call Office.
COrFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
Berry St., near Third.
FOR sale — Icecream, candy and notion store.
337 Sixth St.; no agents.- -
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and .ads taken.  ; ; i
PATENTS-SMITH Si OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city.
ALASKA _ ENTERPRISES. > V ';.;_
DREDGING privileges for sale on Canadian
rivers In the Klondike by a company owning ,
the largest number of claim* of any company i
in the Northwest. C. P. .DEYOE,, Agent. Oc- j
cidental Hotel. -■• .■ •.-.: .>; *■
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, ply b*rs ' and ]
prod men at general work who are going to ■
Dawson can on the way up work out $150 ;
of their fare, via St. MicnaM. , Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran. '"
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to Join re- I
liable expedition to Alaska Address, stating !
terms, etc., box 3138, Call office.
GENUINE -arctic fur clothing: heavy woolen i
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
■ launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan StocVyards. Tenth and -Bryant sts.
, HORSE?.
JUST arrived — 50 horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard St.; auction every Tuesday.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of i
' all kinds, buggies,: carts bought. sold, ex.
, changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia St.
40 HORSES for sale: also A-agons. buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket.' 527 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN * DOYLE., Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address -. In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
-. free ■ ■:'•■■ '■■••■- • ■• .
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
NEW 3-can milk wagon; 1 light ■ delivery
wagon: light buggy. 1370 Turk st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1. hack. 828 Harrison st. -■*;:-'
SEWING MACHINES.. ■
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. . 
S3 MONTHLY— repaired, ■ bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.; phone Mint 45.
THE SAl^ FRAyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LET. / ,
Al^^v^R^Taff'N^rT'! 222inr~''~T~2r
You see house*, to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. , • ,
HYDE, 609, neir Geary — Sunny; - choice: 13
rooms; $50; appreciated if seen; investigate. '
| OAK; 17, near Market ; S rooms and bath. :
j TWENTY-THIRD, 2754. bet. York and Hamp-
! shire — House. 6 rooms, bath: large yard; $16.
1 URNISIIEI) HOUSES.
FURNISHED, house to. let for the summer: 8
large sunny rooms; - piano; hot ■ and cold
"water; ajl conveniences. Apply on premises,
\ 635 Guerrero st. ;
j GOLDEN GATE, 1517— A handsome middle flat;
I every convenience; piano; garden. 
SUTTER. 717. near Taylor— Choice: elegant:
sunny; appreciated if seen: please inv<*stl-
■ gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional. .
I , —
.COTTAGES TO , LET.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms, bath, large yard and
cellar: rent cheap. 3S Clipper st.
SUNNY cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard. 1576 Fifteenth Ft., near Dolores.
TO Rent— Modern cottage. 1813 Baker st. J. G.
JACKSON, 48 Market st.
$7 -SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. 64 Silver st, off Third.
: FLATS TO LET. "
A— s2s GEARY-ST. flits reduced to~iVB~~ r ?~~
A— sl6 Geary-st. flats reduced .to $10. ■
A— house. $32. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
CENTRAL aye., 722, near Park— Furnished flat
of 6 rooms; bath; piano; $30. • :-;:' !
HAIGHT. 1021, above Broderlck, near Park—
Sunny 5-room flat; fine view. ' - ; ■ ■
! NINETEENTH. SCS4, near Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe, corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15: 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
; 5 rooms,, modern, $15, water free. \ ;
] PAGE, . 134— Flat ■of 5 rooms: bath; basement;
j yard; , reasonable to good tenant.
| PINE. 1225, near Hyde— A sunny flat of 6
| rooms and bath; rent $20.
I SCOTT, 2038, cor. Sacramento— Upper sunny B-
room flat, with attic; reasonable.
■ SEE those beautiful flats in warm belt of
Mission; newly tinted and painted through-
out; 6 rooms, bath and latest improvements:
1002 and 1004 Dolores st.; cor. Twenty-third:
rent cheapest In city: upper reduced from £15
to $20 and lower reduced from 522 50 10 $ls;
now open for Inspection. AjJply MADISON &
BURKE. • ■■;.;*- ?■"».:
STEVENSON. 1364, near Thirteenth— bay-
window flat of 4 rooms; rent $11.
■ SUNNY flat, cheap: 6 rooms: bath; modern im-
provements. 631 Thirteenth St.. cor. Market.
TREAT aye., Sunny upper flat; 6 rooms;
bath; modern improvements; rent reduced.
$14— COZY sunny lower flat. .4 rooms, bath,
yard. 6 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
FURMSUED FLATS.
FURNITURE for flat of 6 comfortably fur-
nished sunny rooms for sale; cheap; no deal-
ers. 196 Shipley St., corner Fifth.
MISSION, Elegantly furnished sunny,
new flat; 6 rooms and bath; references.
I —
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CENTRAL House. 52 Second— housekpg.
single and double rooms, $1 25 to $3 week.
CLAY. 1026—3 large unfurnished housekeeping !
rooms; all conveniences;, good order: $9.
DEVISADERO, 1905—3 connecting rooms, bath,
furnished for houskpg; exclusive kitchen; $18.
i EDDY, — 2 or three sunny furnished rooms; ,
j complete for housekeeping. j
i EDDY, .917— Sunny, ■ nicely furnished large con- j
necting housekeeping rooms; splendid loca-
tion. . - ■ • |
EIGHTEENTH. 3595. corner Guerrero— 3 rooms,
with bath: front west; furnished.
ELEVENTH. 35— To let— 3 or 4 unfurnished
I rooms: bath.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS. 563. rear — 3 unfurnished rooms lor
housekeeping} rent ?10. - ;
, ELLIS. 1436. near Buchanan— 3 or 4 large sunny
bav-wlndow corner rooms, unfurnished, $15
i op $17; porcelain bath; range; tel.; references.
FIFTH, 323—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 50; one. $7; double parlors, • kitchen, $23.
FOLSOM, 646— Large front bay-window room:
| housekeeping; every convenience. ' ■ :
FULTON, 116— 2 large sunny side housekeeping i
rooms: cheap. ;"' - .-'y-\*' ''}:■■
HARRISON, 731—3 large . rooms furnished com- j
plete for housekeeping; large yard: rent $15. !
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— furnished
• sunny front rooms; also housekeeping.
HYDE, 1412 — Parlor floor of three rooms; newly '
furnished for housekeeping; $25; reference. j
JACKSON, 920. near Furnished sunny
rooms,' housekeeping, $8 to $9; single, $4.
JONES, 114— clean sunny, cozy furnished j
rooms; half of cottage: front. i j
KEARNY. 104— unfurnished rooms and bath; I
references exchanced.
MARKET. 2098— front' suites of two o,
three rooms on same floor; sun all day.
MINNA, 2SI, cor. Fourth— Excellently fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, double or single.
MINNA, 421— Double front sunny room, suit- i
able for light housekeeping. •
MISSION, -S32V4 — Sunny front room, furnished I
■ for housekeeping. . ...
MISSION, 1063— Sunny connecting housekeeping j
I rooms; running water; no objection to chil- '
dren.
MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
! rooms; reasonable. -
MISSION, 1241— Bay-window front on.l back '
parlor; large kitchen: well fur.; con.; sunny.
O'FARRELL. 431— Sunny • suite rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; no children.
RUSS. 116, near Sixth— Bedroom and kitchen;
furnished for housekeeping.
SAN CARLOS aye., 378—3 furnished rooms and
bath, $15.
SEVENTH, 211—2 sunny unfurnished front
rooms; running water; $8. ,
SOUTH PARK, »ft— to. 4 furnished house-
keeplng rooms, $7 '-> $12; -2 to 4 unfurnished
: $5 to $1. . ■....' .... ; . .
TENTH,' 136, corner Minna— Sunny furnished
' rooms; housekeeping; s rent reasonable.
THIRD, 304— Furnished. $2 per week up; sin-
gle rooms. $125 up; brick: building. •
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping: $12 per month.
TWELFTH. ,230 C —3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms In private family; select location.'
VAN NF.SS, 1021— Sunny front suite: .*% ' rooms
and kitchen; gas; range: all complete. j
. _ __ j
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON,' 204 McAllister— front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete fur housekeeping.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable; I
■ Com. Transfer Co., ■ 22 Stockton' st. Trunks i
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49. i
ARLINGTON ; House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant i
• sunny, rooms, en suite and single; flrst-claaa
in every respect; terms reasonable. ■ ; .;
AT 522" Polk— Furnished and unfurnished our.ny |
suites and single, complete for housekeeping.
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
■ nished rooms, suites and single, ' day or mo.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished; faml-
lies and gentlemen; references given. ...
BUSH, 1124— Elegant single rooms, bath, run-
ning water; grounds; references. '..
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo. : nice suites..
EDINBURGH. 239 Powell— New ; house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, en suite, single. / .
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington) — Rooms per night,
■* 60c to II; week. 12 to $6; families. /
EDDY, 614— Very desirable sunny - front . room;
.lower floor; bath; gas; clean and quiet; $10.
ELEVENTH. ,106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■■- •
ELLIS; 418 ■ (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
, rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to S3 week.
FILLMORE, Sunny. furnished parlor suite;
rent very reasonable. .•■*■•. -....." '•;■.■-.■'-. . .
FOLSOM, 1037%— room In private family.
FOLSOM. • 1103— Sunny • double ' bay-window cor-
■ ncr room; two gentlemen; ■■ private '. family;
bath; gas. - ..- '. J'-- - ■'.. ,''.'--■■:-_-■.■:■:•■.
FOR single business men. 'In. very quiet house,
with or without-, breakfast; California. Hyd«»
and Polk; references: Box 3220. Call office. -.;
FRANKLIN,' 1512— Large furnished front room
for gentleman. ." ;• ;.'• ; ; V : . ■
GEARY. 774— Two large: furnished sunny par-
. lors: also single:. rooms, with or without
.board,' in private family. : ; ■-
HAMPTON pi.. 3. off Folsom, bet. 2d and 3d— S
: .bay-window sunny, rooms; yard, . basement. ■■-'■'. .<,
HANCOCK HOUSE. .781 Mission; select family
rooming house: 11 50 'to $6 per week. > ■;;
HAVES. :. 788—2 or 3 ; modern V sunny ' rooms;
housekeeping If desired; select neighborhood.
HICKORY aye., : 218. bet. , Oough ' and Octavla
;;. tic. — 1 ; large . rooms; nice : yard; > {10, ■?.-.&%: : ;>- v , -.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HOWARD. 716, ST. DAVID 1 S^~2oTroon_;
suites; slngte^«unny_reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 749-Large furnished front room!
with or withaut board; suitable for man and
wife.
HOWARD. 967 A —Elegant furnished bay-win-
dow room In private family; rent reasonable.
HYDE. 511, near Geary— Nicely furnished room
In private family; reasonable.
LARKIN, 1200-Nice sunny single rooms, $4 mo.
up; good board and room; $3 50 per week.
MARKET, 1055, opposite Jones— Large front
room, furnished or unfurnished.
MCALLISTER. 324— Sunny furnished and un-
furnlshed rooms; board optional.
MCALLISTER, 70S— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms.
MCALLISTER, 1220—2 sunny furnished rooms
with or without board.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— 3 unfurnished
rooms with water and yard.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth-Select rooms. $1 60
$4 SO wk.. $6 to $15 mo.; also housekeelng.
OAK, 22-Nlcely furnished modern rooms, $6
mo. up; suit. 2; private fam., nice location.
O'FAR^ELL. 203, corner Powell— Nice suite; i
also single rooms, by day or month.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
* room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
POLK, 1133— Sunny rooms; also corner front
room furnished or partly furnished.
POST, 515— Handsome sunny suites and single
rooms; very reasonable.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
clasg in every respect.
POST. 910— Sunny room for gentleman; run-
ning water; closets; upper flat.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; investigate, j
SEVENTH, 142 (Girard House)— Sunny suites |
and single rooms at lowest rates.
SHERMAN Apartment House. & Eighth St.. !
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE, 16-18 Manon— European : ele-
gant rms: suite, single; day, week, month; I
baths: hot and cold water: transient: elev'tr. j
SIXTEENTH. 3239-2 connecting furnished
rooms with hot and cold water: reasonable.
STEVENSON, 78, next corner Second— Tallin'
workrooms to Jet.
STOCKTON. 242— NTce sunny rooms, facing j
plaza: suites, single; baths: by day or mo.
T■ . or, 10S— Nicely furnished sunny front ]
single room, $6 per month.
THIRD~2m— Large front room, well lighted,
suitable for office or workroom.
TURK, 232— Fi»rni shed rooms to let, with or I
without housekeeping.
VAN NESP aye.. 930— Beautiful sunny rooms,
newly furnished, in new flat: board If desired.
S UNFURNISHED rooms to let. NW. corner
of Fourth and T^hama sts.
DOARDING AND ROOMS.
FOLSOM. 511-Swedish private boarding, with
. room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON. 833 (The Mlzpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
sutte; exceptional table;, terms reasonable.
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board:
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON. I
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish: $36 a month up.
LELAND Hall. Palo Alto, box 115— Handsome
flat and single rooms, with or without board; !
pleasant surroundings; terms reasonable.
MARKETT~IS2O i Hotel Las Palmas)— Large
handsome suites; private bath and dining-
room connecting: board optional; also single, i
SOUTH PARK. 159-Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 1128— Sunny suite: sinele rooms: lirdi-
class board: large grounds. Mr?. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., RW— Beautiful gunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
AN elderly lady will take infant* to board: a
mother's care: references. 234 1 - Sixth et.
STORES TO LET.
BARN to let— PW. cor. Hyde and Filbert: 25x
70; suit, for coal yard. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
BUTCHER shop to let; good locality. Apply
at 125 Beale st.
COR. store. 4 rornns. $14: stable if required. 2851
Twenty-fourth st; 22d-st. cars pass.
HMALL Btore to let; rent $15. 226 Ellis st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book- !
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch- I
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering: :
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 ;
graduates placed since 18S2; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the unl-
verslty, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. : !
day and evening sessions; ref , Pres. Jordan i
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.:
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a !
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you I
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other i
instruments taught by lady teachers. 8»4l i
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. sur-ey. assay, archit.; day A eve.; ,
est. ISS4. VAN DER NAILEN. 933 Market. ]
PIANO player wants party playing; rates rea- l
sonable. 110 McAllister st.
PIANO lessons given. 25c an hour; German
method. IC34A Howard st.
WEBSTER. 2107\4— Piano teacher; studied In
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
VOICE culture, phano. Paris graduate: French. |
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
387 HATES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
medical!
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; jfills^J^
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions |
from whatever cause restored at once; safe |
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; lnrtant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement:
best car* and privacy; for guaranteed relief j
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post St.. nr. Lark in.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; wKh privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick <>r discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
DRS?~GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe. sure, reliable cure for all lrreg- '
ulurities; any cause: restores strength and !
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home: be»t nklll: low fees: pfHs. $2.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for female iroubles. no matter what j
cause; restore in 1 day: never falls: consulta- I
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
-POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A~ TREATMENT that re»tores~instantlv all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office. $6: consultation- free; hours 10 to 5. !
DR. AND MRS. KOHL, IUB Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price i
$1 60. RICHARDS _ CO., 406 Clay Bt. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAITS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROB., Coast^ Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DRsTELYTTate of Ohio. 71 Fourth St.— Ladies'
sure cure; any, alircure at office, $8; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies: 3S years' experience. 254% Fourth st. 
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children^ |
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'NKK, 141 C Sth st.. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the Ur.ited
States or Canada one year for $1 SO. postage
free
Iphysicians!
DR. C. C. O' DO. NELL, office and residence,
_0* Market; diseases of women a siwclalty.
' MATRIMONIAL. > J
ALL seeking marriage, send 10c and postage for
I March - "Wedding = Bell"; 16 pages: no : S3 . re-
qulred. ■ Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco. :
BUSINKSSjPfeRSOXALS^^^^
MASSAGE the head for a few, minutes before
- retiring: have your hair dressed here for 25c;
good switches, $1; best, < finest quality, ■■ $3 50;
extra : heavy, long. $5; open ■ Sundays from 9
Cto 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
USE, Lederer*s'Quinonia as a daily V wash, for
the hair. G. ; LEDERER, 11 Stockton st.
DR. MAUDE INMAN, electric medicated vapor
.. baths. 1056 Market st., rooms 1 and 2. T -■'.;
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced ; masseuse; elec-
■ trical : water treatment office , 10. 118 Grant
| ■ avenue. .... ■■■ ,- •■■,- !?•: -•■;_. ?;. -■..• .
■ STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
i . J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d st., Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRIC lights ,in every room: Winchester
House. .44 Third st.;- nr. Market: 200 rooms.
Isc to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to %i per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
', : N. BRUNT. 585 Clay St., S. F.
I PAINTING-, papering, . tinting, whitening at
■ lowest prices. ,F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
| CLOAKS and fine ; tailor-made suits to order
■ at wholesale • figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on -1 easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
€15 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
& Pi!l>?rrlrit;on» and »r»>nt Hds taken.
dbessm^keh:. ' • . - ; . "
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
to up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French . Tailoring
College. 918 Market st. "•' ' ' ■ - •
CLAIRVOYANTS. : ]~ ~
! MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
! . clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
! will leveal every hidden mystery in life; she
! will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the ; separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.' rooms
26 and 28, 1206 Market st. . opp. Sixth. ■
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 532 'Howard st.—
wonderful trance medium can be consulted I
on all the affairs of life; can read your I
thoughts;, tell Just what you want to know;
If in bad luck she will chance it for you;
■ letters promptly answered; enclose stamps.
Hours, 10 a. m. to Bp. m. ' •<
| MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second -sight;
.diagnoses disease: full life reading: ladies 50c.
-' gents sl; palm, and clairv.: sit. $1 50. 126. Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents.
25c. 221 Sixth st. :,'.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L.. 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
'advice; names given; 23c up. 6 Fourth st. ■'
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 1201*. Geary st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fesslon: never falls: advice; help. 929 Post.
i MME. . MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant.
• card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 L«*avnwth.
SPIRIV-ALIS_.
I M. A. POTTENGER, member of. the Brother-
hood of oriental .Mhi/-). lectures t'-nijr'it at
Washington Hall, 35 Eddy St.; subject, "Sym-
bolism"; 25c- ' • . . .
MRS. BLAIR and a*sl=tant*. f'63 Mission St.,
| room 18; massage and alcohol baths.
MAUD FOSTER, fortune teller: ladles and
gentlemen, 25c. 14 Sixth st., room 8.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st.: old No. 218. . }
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for -usiness and
.spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st., room S.-
MRS/ SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. . 123 V* Sixth- St.. room 14.
' MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia: sittings.
$1; circles Tues.,. 2: Sat. eve.. 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Hatght St. ■ : . .
.. . ' HYPNOTISM- §■ ,
CAL. Institute/ '4o6 'Geary; hypnotism : taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling , good upright pianos for $8
.cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
I : In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.. ■-•; • ,
' ABSOLUTELY . the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER 4 CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. ' Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and I
satisfy the customer. .- j * • •
NEW FIRM. . - NEW NUMBER.
NEW, GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented.' »3 per month. Repairing
> and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled In San Francisco. - - ' - •
I SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
I A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
I this 5 week at very • low prices, including
- Steinways, • Chickerlng. Hallett & Davis,
I F.merson and others. THE F. W. SPENCER
| CO., 933 Market st. ;
! ONE Newhall plane $53
' One Zeeh piano 70
! One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
.... BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
I by Zeno Mauvals Music Co., 769 Market r agta.
. for the celebrated. Decker _ Son pianos. . .
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy, Newby. Evans.
Brlggs and other planes; . see our rent plan:
no interest first year.- 308, 810. 112 Post st.
A VERY fine upright piano left for immediate
■ cash sale: great bargain: , see it this morn-
ing. , Room 12. Flood building. ■ .
$75— BARGAIN; good Fisher piano. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank. • ',
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
HORNUNG'S new ■ scale pianos; ■an unpre-
c edented success. : 216 Post st. .';•,. ..-.■■' ; .
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. 175 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE * pianos: new scale; .•: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.:
I SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old ' and i new. H.
\ MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 , Latham : place.
MONTGOMERY/ 627/ cor. Clay— until 9:39
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. ' ;." " -
:•. . .-'•";;■ ~~_ENTI_T»7~~ •---.; r C
A FULL set lof teeth. $5-; painless >. extracting :
free .we make . a specialty' of • crown .* and
. bridge: work; crowns, ; $3 60; fillings, 50c; all
work . painless and warranted 10 yeurs; our
..prices are always the lowest in town. ■= Pa-
.' cific Dental Parlor, 18 Third st. .< »..■ V'
NEW YORK dentists— extraction, 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to = $10: gold fillings, $1. up;
, silver. 50c up; . artificial , teeth - repaired. . $1
up; our crown and bridge work is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays, 9 -to 1.
' 969 Mission, . cor. Sixth ; - branch, . 371 Hayes.
A FULL set 'of ?' teeth, $5; see new flexible
-. la tee; light and thin; warranted- ten-- years;
: • teeth without plates, crown \ and bridge ■ work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; • ail
work painless and warranted. , Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie li:2. i
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr/llth::
no charge for i • extracting ( when plates 3 are
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given. :•"::
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek . dent- :
Ist. discoverer of ; painless • extraction and
'/■■■ patentee of '- improved bridge -work' or teeth
-without plate, moved from 6to 20 O'Farrell. .;
VAN VROOM Electro- Dental Parlors: full set
■ : of r teeth, . $6 i up: ' fillings, \ 25c ,■■ up: v all - work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
l- Ings. . 997 Market • St.. , corner - Sixth( .
OHIO Dental Parlors. - 819 Market :. St.. Acad-
emy of Sciences building, fifth floor; painless
dentistry. r .-'-.. ;-:..■." ■■--,'.:• ■ v --.■ ;•. ■• :;
L. A. , TEAGUE. A. CANE and : F. TEAGTTeT
removed to Call bldg.,' 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
* ALL work 'reasonable and warranted. . DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. r ; •..:.;
BET of teeth without a \ plate. ■ . DR. H. •C.
YOUNG. 1841 J Polk st. ■:■■<■:■■-- ■ : -^f
;;._-- '.- - .■• • storage! ■,■; ■.■■.. , ;- ■,*, * ■  ■-
FT^nowMrTrateT go7to r 'LOUIS 'St- NEuIIanT
■:■ mi Sixth St., open evenings../ ; : . ' ; •
'AT ■ T low ' •*■ rates— Furniture, ; carpets, , I pianos, '
' household ' goods; ' clean, light - compartments ;
advances > made, kJ. NOON AN, ? 1017 » to * 1021
Mission st. above Sixth; open evenings. -
AT. lowest i Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof- building:  F. W.
-BBTPSS, ' $40 Mission st. Tel. Mint 18tt ■
: .r^ : :V-^ _ V *' i ?y?- 1 ? lJBItS -- r • : vi : - V ii
ALL I typewriters ' sold and rented; ■ few • partly .
' used - for ' sale .. cheap ; < send ■ for samples ; and
prices. ALEXANDER A. CO.; 110 Montgomery
 •* :«ii'v-.i ■. .!-».;-. .::•-•.■■'-..' --. : . ■.■■.-*-•-:• ■■:.■■ .-.:■. ■ -'-'■ ■■':.*
. ■ CITY • REAL ; ESTATE. , •
NEW 4-room j cottage for sale; Bernal Heights;
price, $900. j Address box 3238. Call office. ■
GOOD investment; : northwest corner on
Dolores st.; 50 feet front on Dolores ; 2-story
building, flat above, store below: can be made
to pay $40 per month rent; a bargain. Ad-
dreas 767 Alice St.. Oakland. .-.--
FOR Sale— 7-room . house, barn and lot. In-
• quire 510 San Jose ■ aye. :. ... . ;
MODERN cottage cheap: price reduced: make
offer^-2670 21st st.. near Bryant, 1 to 5 daily.
COISTRI' KEAL ESTATE.
MEXlCO— L^ndT~ln^TVc^al^lexrc"oTor"~raTs^
ing = coffee, sugar," tobacco, , rubber, vanilla,
etc.; large and small tracts. ' For further in-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co. 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. - Land and
\ Col. Co. of Mexico City, s Mexico. ,
HOMESTEAD abandonment; $100; Santa Clara
■ Co-. : above frost line; timbered; stream; near
■railroad: will make nice chicken ranch.. Call
.531 California St., room I. ' . \ ■
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford /University and Mountain View; ]
. mile from May field: house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
/ 4 rooms: garden, orchard, etc; will rent low
- for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
. 8. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts.. 630 Market.
TEHAMA County. SO acres partly fenced: good
water. Apply 403 Bryant, "-'i :■ • . " »
WRITE for list: good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cotton wood, Shasta Co.. CaL |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. 1
OFFICE— . BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150. with 5
I houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month:
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will he sold in ■■ whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 . Broadway. Oakland
OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, en suite or single, furnished or
unfurnished, elegant private residence; every
•convenience; large well kept grounds, 715 Sth.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229— 3 furnished or unfurnished
_ housekeeping rooms: first class: first*- floor.'
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
FIFTEENTH. 72'}— Pleasant sunny front rooms!
with board; private; large yard.
SUNNY rooms: good home board; reasonable;
no children. IP2O Adeline. Oakland, nr. trail.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S
Eleventh St.. Oakland. '
OAKLAND MEDIUM.
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
1 cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. 875 Washington St., r. 3, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA .RE ESTATE. '" :
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
school house. .. . ■ . . „ .- , •
$1200 — Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of.
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and hlgn school. . • :
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot :
42x150 : choice ' location; •. very easy terms. '.'.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st ■ '
; FRIiITVALE . REAL ESTATE.
SEE. D. PRATT* S special- bargains for ten
days: Lot 25x122, $160; lot 25x126, $150; lot
37£x130, 100 feet from San Leandro road. $290;
3-room house, corner lot 30x106, $800; 3-room
house, lot 25x150. $300: 4-room house, lot 30x
122, modern, new, high . basement, $1150; s-
room new, modern house, high basement, all
conveniences, large lot, $1650; all of the above
. property within five minutes' walk of Fruit-
vale Station. I own all control of the above
and can give terms to suit. , . .
FOR RENT.
Neatly furnished house, 7 rooms: large lot:
best location in Ftuitvale. D.- PRATT, cor.
Putnam and Fruitvale aye.. Frultvale Station.
Ill.llhh'l.H KEAL h-STATK. ~-
... . . r■ , ', - '. r ; . . \ - 1 - iit ii| - _ -.-.
$2700— A FINE house of 8 rooms; lot 40 x 160:
street work. all done; splendid view. JOSEPH
3. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$1250 — A VERY big bargain; house of 6 rooms
; and bath, etc.: lot 40x130; improvements cost
: $1200. JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley station. -.'■. -; -.;■!-..
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots ard acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottage* for rent. ■ AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
. PKO RT V 1 0 h.\CI.AM,J.. -
TWO stores and 6-room flat: in city. ..JMC>)
House and lot in Napa City for house and ■ -
lot in city or 0ak1and.........; .TOM
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61...*........ kv>o
: H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.* opp. Fifth, S.F. !
37 rooms; business corner ~ in city: 4 lots.
Owner, 472 Eighth St., room 8,, Oakland. •,
NEW house and lot to exchange for lots." Call
329 Thirteenth st. ■■''• ...
.PROPERTY ; WANTED. -,
HOUSE or cottage, 6 or 7 rooms: installment;
state price and, terms, v Box 3129, Call office.
LEO NOTICES. : V.- . >
IN the Superior Court of the city and~c£>unty
of San Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
KILL, deceased.— Notice of sale of real es-
1 ' tate. ■■ •'-.--.. ..- :• .-'.-• - ■-■-.■.■■..■■  . ;
. Notice is hereby given that In pursuance of
t an order of the Superior Court of the city and
I ■ county of San Francisco, State of California
made on the 2l£t day of March, IS9S, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL,' deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H
TERRILL, as executrix of the last will of
said CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder in
one parcel and for cash In i the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, . 1898, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. ■F. PRESTON ESO
' 1004-1007 Claus Spreckels building, I San Fran-
cisco, all the right, ■ title, Interest ■ and estate
of .the. said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
- , time of his death, and all tne right, title and
: interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C
c' TERRILL at the time of his death, in and
to all that certain lot, piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
! Cisco, • State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit: ,
That lot, piece or. parcel of land situate as
aforesaid . which , is . bounded by a • line com-
- mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
> lencia and • Hermann streets, < being the I point
i of Intersection of the southerly line of Her-
, mann c street with the westerly line of Va-
• lencia ■ street, : and . running thence ■ southerly
• " along ■' the : said ,": westerly . side of Valencia,
street seventy"- five (75) fe«t to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, ninety (90) feet to a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
i line ; parallel . with Valencia ■ street, twenty-
.;• five (25) feet to a point; thence at a right
. angle .westerly on a line, parallel < with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (73) feet: and to a
: point In '• the > easterly - line of ? Elgin Park !
thence at a right angle northerly and alone '
. the said easterly • line -. or Elgin ■ Park one i
I hundred ' (100) feet, and to a point in the said
: southerly i. line of Hermann street: and thence
i easterly, along the said ■ southerly line of
-* Hermann, street, : one hundred • and sixty-five
(165) feet ; and. to the point of commencement
• the same being a part of Mission block num. :
■ ber twenty-two - (22) \as the ' said "i block is '-
shown and so designated on the official man
:, of -said .city *• and county, together with the i
, improvements thereon and the appurtenances ;
! . thereof. 'iH, 1 • TERRILL. ' Executrix of th»
ANNIE H, TERRILL. Executrix of the
ES D^:d? f M C a H c A h^ E rS9i- TERRILL ' "^
\ E. F. PRESTON, Attorney for Executrix.
NOTI E to creditors— Estate of MARY GOFF
deceased— Notice is hereby given by the un"
i dersigned, ?A. C. FREESE. administrator of
, the estate of MARY GOFF. deceased to the
creditors ; of and all , persons having' claims
against the said : deceased to exhibit them
: with the necessary vouchers ; within four
months after the first publication of this no
:; tice ; to the said : administrator, ,at room 35
Chronicle building, corner ■of Geary and
Kearny streets, the same being his place for
*: the I transaction - of the j business of 1 the > said
, estate In the City and County of San Fran.
~ cisco. State of California. . ■ . . an
' '"• ' A. C. FREESF
Administrator of the estate of MARY GOFF
. deceased. ■•; ;,/. . . *r'".v^i •^•* :
"J.. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administra-
tor. , .I- ■- ■ ■.;.-'■ • .■"■..-■ '■:.• .-•■..- - ..--..-:
S-. Dated at San Francisco, ; March 26, : 1898. v
CITY ■ and County '■:■ Treasury, San • Francisco
: March 16, 1898— In compliance with the provts-
• ions of section 5 of order 1598 of th» Board of
> .-. Supervisors. . approved ■ SeptembSS 15 isso
' there will be sold at public auction by E. 3 I
" Spear i& • Co., at their salesrooms.' 31 . and 33
Butter street, on -■■■■:■■-.. ..■-,. ... = - **
. • MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1898, v
At 10 o'clock a. m., (sundry. articles of stolen
lost- and unclaimed property recovered by the
- police, force of San Francisco, as detailed in
lan I inventory.-: thereof lon J file =In ' the office lof
■ ' the ; clerk ?of i the : Board iof Supervisors, ■• and
■ consisting of I jewelry, wearing apparel, ■ pis-
tols, knives, etc. : also a lot of trunks,* valises ' {
I clothing, ( etc., property iof I deceased persons I
. received I from . the j Coroner ■of this » city ; and I
' county. ' Open for Inspection -on morning of
•ale. . A. C. WIDBER.
. - > ; ; City and County Treasurer. v ; I
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY ' amount at . (■'■-. per . cent :on ■ real estate;
s 2d and 3d mortgages, . estates, real estate in
probate, : life insurance, goods ;in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo
COLGAN, .24 Montgomery st,, room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S.F., Oak-
, land or Alameda, v at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
teL South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
! elry at the 10-.est rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st: tel. Green 204. _■
i ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low. rates: no commission;. $25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI. 130 Powell st.
I QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commis. ; low Interest Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
| REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates.- Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. 1 Room 7, 60S California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery . st. .
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc MURPHY. 628 Market it.
ON pianos, furniture: . no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
.MONEY ANTED.
WANTED— On Improved property $2000; no
agents. K. Z.. box 6. Call office. Oakland.'
v FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
rates MoAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomery St.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st," bet. Market "and Eddy."
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATH
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason St.; private rooms.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS. >
Birth, ' marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must ba
handel in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the s&me'pub-
lished.
BORN.
CANNON— In lowa Hill, April" 5. I*9s, to the
wife of R. F. Cannon, a daughter.
FIELD— To the wife of J. J. Field, a daugh-
ter. • - . ,<.*
KOHLER— In Wellesley Park. April 4. 1898, to
the wife of J. J. X I -ler, a daughter. :'" .
LUCE— Colma, April 5, IS9B, to the wife of
G. C. Luce, a daughter. . . -
PRESTON— In Pine Grove, April 4. IS9B, to the
wife of George Preston, a son. ;
RUTHERFORD— In Truckee, April: 1. IS9B, to
the wife of F. M. Rutherford, a son.
WIGHT—In Colma. April 6. 1898, to . the wlf«
of Jason Wight, a daughter. ;- ;.- ■- - - '
: . MARRIED.
WAGNER— In lone, March 31. 1898,
by the Rev. George H. Bigelow. William F.
Eberle of Jackson and Mattle B. Wagner of
Modesto. • ->..;..
WILLIAMS — HAMLY —In Amador City,
AprU 6, IS9S, William Williams and Eliza-
beth Hamly, both of Amador. '■'.-' , ,
■ : '-\ '}. ':.-'. DIED.
Boards, Mrs. L. C. Hletrlns, Charles M.
Conwell, Bridget Hasse, George Jr.
Curley, Michael Halpin, C\»tha.rin-?
; Crosson. liemy Jacoby, Edward S.
- Clare. Verdi A. Lloyd, Milton. H.
T Davidson, M4.-j.-a/et Murphy, . Mrj. Mary
! Douglass, Charles Meier, Annl^ I.
Durnin, Patrick Nolan, . Cecelia B.
Fatjo Joaquin J. Riordan, Cornelius
Frerichs, Heinrirh Tilden, Hannah C.
Grundell, Mrs. C. J. Walthew, George W.
BOGGS-^-In Newcaste. April 5, IS9S. Mrs. L.
C. Boggs, a native of Maine, aged 69 years.
CONWELL— In this city. April 10, 1898. Brid-
get, beloved wife of the late Thomas Con-
weli, and mother of James. Lizzie, Thomas,
Charles, Annie and Maud Conwell. a native
of County Donegal, Ireland, . aged 54 years.
C^Tht- funeral will take .piace to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,. 139 Center street, off Brannan. be-
tween Second and Third, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
CURLEY— In Rocklln. April 7. IS9B, Michael
Curley, a native of Ireland, aged 6S years.
CROSSON— In the City and County Hospital,
; April 10, 1898, Henry Crosson, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 52 years.
CLARE— In this city. April 9, .1898, Verdi
Ardee, beloved daughter of Gpnrsre C. and
• J. C. Clare, and sister of Iris and Babie
Clare, a native of College City, Cm., a*eu •>
year 4 months and 14 days. " ,;
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from 37 , Tremont
avenue. -_ Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DAVIDSON— In Oakland, .^pril.)'. in a. Mar-
garet Ann, beloved wife of R. M. : Davidson,
and mother of Gertrude D-, Wilnert S. and
Frank M. Davidson, a native of Nova Scotia,
. aged 52 years 5 months and 1 day. .
■ IC^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), from Twenty-third Avenue Baptist
Church. . - . . '
DOUGLASS— this city. April 10, 1898. of
diphtheria. ; Charles, beloved son ot John and
Nellie Douglass, a native of .San ■ Francisco, '
. aged 8 years. :■;.-..», % ...-■
DURNIN— this city. April 10. 189 S. Patrick
Durnin, a native of Ireland, aged 87 years. .
FATJO— In Volta, Merced County, April 3, "1898,
Joaquin J. Fatjo. . • • .. •■ '--.'.-
(CTBuried in Santa Clara April 6. IS9B. A
solemn requiem 'mass will be offered up for
the repose of his soul at 10 o'clock to-morrow
(Tuesday),. at the Church of Nuestra Senora
de Guadalupe. Friends are kindly invited to
.-■ attend. .
FRERICHS— this city, April 10. 1898, Hein-
rich Frerichs, | beloved father of Henry and
Louis Frerichs and Mrs. G. Matthiesen, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 64 years.
GRUNDELL— In this city. April 9, 1898, Mrs.
". Catherine J. Grundell, beloved mother of '
'_ Charles L.. James H.. Richard M., Thomas
O. and Frederick J. Grundell. Mrs. Thomas
Corbitt, Mrs. William Swabel and Mrs. H.
Kri>»g. a native of St. John. c- New Bruns-
wick, aged 68 years 6 months and 21 days.
. - 0 The funeral will take place this day
. (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
; dence. 1213 Hampshire street,' thence to St. '
Peter's Church, '. where . a requiem mass : will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
j mencing at 9 o'clock. , Interment private at
Mount Calvary Cemetery. ..-:
HIGGINS— this city, April 10, IS9B, Charles
I M., beloved son of Maurice and the • late "
Mary Higglns, and brother of Maurice Hlg-
• ■ gfns, a native of San Francisco, aged -21
. years. . v ■ ■ -
HASSE— In this city. April 10, i 1898, - George
Hasse Jr., youngest son of George and Julia.
Hasse, a native of > San . Francisco, aged . 3
■ , years 7 months and 4 days. , ■ • . ■
HALPIN— In this city. April 9. 1898, Catharine.
beloved wife of William . P. Halpin, and .
. mother of ■ Mary and Dennis Hatpin, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 45 years. ' .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral this day
.. (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late res!-
i dence, Ingleside.'. thence to ' St. . Mary* Col-
.-. lege Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . , ,
JACOBY— ApriI 10, IS9B, Edward •' S.. son of
- Henry ■ Jacoby, and brother of Mrs. Emil
Pohli, aged 38 years. • ,•
: (C Notice of funeral hereafter. - "
LLOYD— In this city, April 10, 1898, Milton H.,
• beloved husband of Sallie H. Lloyd, and
father of Edith I. and "Milton E. Lloyd, a
native of Bath, Me. (Brooklyn, N. V., and
Bath', Me., papers please copy). .-.--. ■•■: -
C?" Remains at parlors of James McMeno-
' mey ' & Son, 1057 Mission street, near Seventh.
MURPHY— In - Napa City. Cal., April 9. > ISDB,
Mrs. Mary Murphy, relict of the late Mala-
. chl ' Murphy, and dearly beloved mother of
J. F. Murphy • and ' Mrs. . Agnes : Kearney, a
native of Clonmel, Ireland, aged 60: years. '•
MEIER— In this cit- April 9, 1898, Annie 1.,
. beloved " wife of Charles Meier,' a. native of
Inverness, Scotland, aged 32 years 11 mimins
and 23 days. (Los Angeles papers ■ {>lea>e
' copy). ■:-::' '■■■-..:■ ,: /-... ■.-.,, - ■ .--..:
ic?" Friends j and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, : April 13, 1898. at -11: o'clock, from her
late residence, 505 Mason street.  ■ ' .
NOLAN— In this city, April .«. im3, : Cecelia 8.,
beloved daughter of Patrick and Ellen Nolan.
; .and sister of Mrs. Hugh. McCafferty, % Mrs.
M. E. Tillman. Mrs. C. A. Clinton. Mrs. M.
' Arzburgur, Miss P. M. Nolan and Edward
J. and William F. Nolan, a native of, San
Francisco. • - . ' . .
(£7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
| " fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the : residence
of ■ her. brother-in-law. Walter S. . Tlllman,
2939 ; Folsom street, ; thence to : St. Charles
Church, ,• Eighteenth and ? Shotwell ' streets,
' where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her eoul, coir'iienc-
lng at 9:30 o'clock. Kindly omit flowers. -..
RIORDAN— In this city. April 9, ISSS. at his
• residence, 71."A McAllister street, Cornelius,
beloved ' husband "• of • Mary A. " Riordan, and
father of Dan P., - Con J., Lalla. Mollie and
■ ■ Kittle F. : Riordan. l native of Macroom.
County Cork. Ireland, aged M years. ' .
; . C 5 ICT'Notice .of funeral hereafter. - Interment
private. ; . , -■■• ' . •
TILDEN— this city, ; April 10. 189 S. . Hannah
.. C. >■ Tilden, . a native of . Massachusetts, aged
'75 years. -v-;-,.- ' .
WALTHEW— In this city, April 9. is S. Ge- rge
; William Walthew, a native of. Canada, age!
v- 37 years 10 months and .10 day*. ,- ' . . •
Imcavoy' & GALLAGHER," ' ' l '-.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
: VlO FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln S:-jj.. ■. ■; I \
Telephone, South aO."^- vtA -"-*:■ \'' |
In. b. mavov. Manager. _■ ■■-
McAUOY <fc CO., : ':' : '.''
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMMW, .
r-j 1286 Market St., between Bth and 9t^ ' •«. . i
Teleghong^South 247.
1112
SENOR
CASTRO HAS
LEFT US
Locality of Spanish
Consul a Matter of
Conjecture.
He Is Thought to Have
Been Called to
Washington.
"Good-By" Cards Sent Out
to Brother Con
suls.
HIS FAMILY LEFT BEHIND.
The Various Foreign Consuls Hero
Are Also Trying to Guess Where
Ho Has Gone.
"What has become of the Spanish
consul of San Francism'.'" is a question
frequent upon the lips of the small fra-
FELIPE DE CASTRO.
ternity of diplomats in this city, and it
has not been satisfactorily answered.
It is a fact that Felipe de Castro,
who represents Spain in this far west
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fH+n+n+H+H+B+H+H+n+H+H+n+H+n+B+H+n+H+H+H+n-f
R~^^fih?jx**^ '& t 'jt'il/jjj 7 "*^^^^SS^P"^^H3B3bV^hbbbV^^bl^ >^wbm Hb^^2£uhUJß9
g^c v> s''^'^^iVlbß^bl HV S9a Wf A I
jS BIE a mm flu _ u H ffCfjffejf v %%B^^^■BBlfll^BtfoDn'vl
/^ ¥ A ¥
SPBCIAL
SALE.
Your money back if your purchase doesn't suit,
and everything kept ]in repair one year free.-
718 MARKET ST., S. F-
ern city, has withdrawn from our con
fines. For three days, at least, he has
not been seen in San Francisco. In the
early part of last week brother attaches
of the various consulates of this city
were surprised by the receipt of "pour
prendre conge" cards, sent out by the
man who represents a country not now
on bowing terms with us.
Ordinarily the ethics of the consular
system imposes the distribution of
these P. P. C. favors only wher: a con
sul retires, is recalled, or departs the
country <>n a protracted or uncertain
journey. This is what has caused in the
minds "of the consular fraternity many
misgivings and stupendous conjectures.
ln.es the Spanish consul know the
proper forms thoroughly, or has he
been called to Washington by the voice
of the Spanish minister domiciled
there? The latter is the solution of the
problem suggested by many.
Opinion is strong in consular circles
that Felipe de C;istro has left San
Francisco for Washington. Why he
has deserted his post here In San Fran
cisco the gentlemen who keep a lookout
for the welfare of their countrymen
in this city are not in v position to say.
They recognize the air of mystery that
envelops the departure of Senor Fe
lipe, but are unable to account for it
with any definite or certain explana
tions. He has Just left us. For how
long or on what business they are not
prepared to answer.
The Consul has gone from us and he
has gone alone. His family are nest
ling peacefully In the bosom of their
staid and unperturbed home. With
beautiful assertive Ignorance of the lo
cality of the master of the family, chil
dren and wife are sequestered in belli
cose Pan Francisco. They have im
bibed so freely of the blessings of peace
that the fact of the patriarch's depart
ure or the possibility of an immediate
return troubles them but little. They
are all smiles, affirmations and nega
tions In a single bundle.
When will the Consul return and why
has ho left us"
SEVERELY INJURED A BOY.
An Unknown Bicyclist Vents His
Anger on Little Frank
Thompson.
L,ast evening 1 about S o'clock a boy
named Frank Thompson, who resides
with his parents at 645 Bryant street, was
badly beaten about the head and face by
an unknown man. While a crowd of boys
were at play on Folsom and Fourth
streets the man rode up on a wheel and
became almost insane at a remark passed
by one of the boys. Jumping from the
wheel he placed a heavy horse shoe ring
on his finger, and catching young Thomp
son by the shoulders inflicted severe lacer
ations of the lips and eyebrows, which
were dressed by Dr. Dillon. The matter
will be called to the attention of the
police.
Printers Praise The Call.
One of the largest meetings held by the
Typographical Union since the commence
ment of the recent strike was held yes
terday afternoon in the meeting hall of
the organization. There w<-re over two
hundred printers present, ahd all were
firm In their confirmation of the decision
which has been made regulating the hours
and pay of employes of job printing es
tablishments. A unanimous vole of thanks
was east by the members, thanking The
Call for the unprejudiced and fair treat
ment with which it dealt with the argu
ments advanced by the printers against
the methods of their employers.
Taken Back to Texas.
Sheriff Holland of Carson County, Tex.,
left the City Prison yesterday morning
with Rev. (Jeorge E. Morrison, who is
wanted In Panhandle. Tex., on the charge
of murdering his wife by poison last Oc
tober. Morrison was arrested here about
ten days ago by Constable Bernstein of
Hanford.
THE SAN FEAyCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
STARS AND STRIPES CHEERED
Temper of the People in Regard to the War Issue
Unmistakably Demonstrated at a Popular
Gathering.
THE temper of
Ran Francisco 3
•people on the
eve of an inter
national crisis was
never more dearly
displayed than dur
ing a ball game
played yesterday.
1 lie ban b'ranciscos
were playing the
/resnoa at Reerea
tion Park before a
large crowd of spec
tators. Interest in
the game was at its
strains ot' a band
were heurd and a
little procession of
musicians was seen
wending its way to
ward the high flag
staff set opposite
the grand stand.
"Yankee Doodle"
was rendered and
there was a pause
In the music, punc
tuated by the impa
tient crowd with
cries of "Go on,"
"Play ball," etc.
Suddenly the bright
new folds of the
"staxs and stripes"
ran up the lofty
staff and were flung
to the free breese,
while the band burst
into the triumphant
chords of the "Star-
Spangled Banner."
The effect was elec
trical. The game
was temporarily
unheeded as the
spectators, as one
man, rose to their
feet and cheered
and cheered again
the proud emblem of
lioeriy.
Three thousand
people cheered "Old
Glory" yesterday at
.Recreation Park
with a fervor that
would have been an
impressive object
lesson to the Span
ish Ministry could
they have witnessed
the scene and heard
the outburst.
It was during the
last half of the sec
ond inning of the
national game on
the California
League grounds, and
Fresno was in the
throes of wiping out
the lead of one run
held by San Fran
cisco, when the roll
of a drum rattled
through the grand
stand, followed by
the dear old strains
of "Yankee Doodle."
A moment later a
band, preceded by
President McPike
and Colonel T. P.
Robinson of the
league, marched
into the grounds.
Hayes was at bat
and Tawney was in
the act of delivering
the ball, but stopped
with his arm drawn
back and stood mo
tionless for a mo
ment, and then a
cheer burst forth
from players and
spectators.
The little proces
sion swung across
the big lot at a live
ly pace and halted
RELIANCE BOAD RACE.
! H. M. Platt Won First Place — Deacon
Won at Elmhurst.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen held a
: most successful road race over the San
I Leandro triangle yesterday morning. The
■ distance was ten miles and the race was
■ the first of the regular club try-outs for
; the purpose of selecting team men for the
! great relay race of next month.
The triangle course is one seldom used,
but always popular with wheeling en
i thuslasts. Inasmuch as it permits of the
1 riders being seen when but two miles
i under way and again at the all-important
i finish.
Twenty-three riders faced Starter Wil
liam Pettis at the start. H. M. Platt,
with a lead of seven minutes, plugged
away at a steady pace and finished in
first place, twenty-five yards or more In
front of a speedy bunch of three-minute
men.
W. Valentine, with a handicap of two
minutes and a half, captured first time
prize, riding the distance In 27:48.
Deacon and Wyman won second and
third time prizes, respectively.
A. Brogl, V. Ligda and F. Jurgewitz
sustained falls, tho two former being
thrown out of the race.
T. Hoag also fell, but after crossing the
tape.
The summary follows:
CONTESTANT.
1
2
3
!
; 4
- 6
6
7
8
9
.'• 10.
' 11 r
:.i2':
. is-.
■ 14
15
• It
i : 17 :
> ~-18\
* 19 '■:
20
L M. Platt |
V. Valentine
!. Frank
t, Arps
[. Ragley
'. Holni*-i.
'. Coxhead
:. J. Vogle
'. Hayztlden
!. Cramer
I. N. Mosher
t. T. Robertson
V. Bacon
i.- P. Deacon
(. A. Wyman
'. H. Kosenhetm
:. Bullock
\". W. Robson
\'. Martin
p . Jurgewlti
7:00
2:30
4:00
3: SO
3:30
4:00
3:00
2:30
3:30
3:00
2:30
4:00
1:00
I 32:16
I 27:48
I ■■' 29:19
29:00
29:17 -.
: 2S*:4S £
28:50
29:04 \
' 30:10 -
, 30:00 .
'30:13..
31:55
28:56 :
» 27:5S .
27:58 1-5
I;]
The two mile handicap race at the Elm
at the foot of a towering flagstaff that
had been erected ever the left field fence.
There was a huah of expectancy while
President McPike straightened out the
halyards, which was broken by the na
tional anthem, while a colorless bundle
shot up to the peak. Half way up the
breeze caught its folds, shaking them- out,
and the shapeless mass was transformed
into the glorious stars and stripes.
Instinctively each ball-player grabbed
his cap and stood with bowed head,
while pandemonium broke loose in the
grand stand and on the bleachers. Men,
women and children sprang to their feet
as though electrified, hats and handker
rhiefs were waved frantically, while the
cheers were almost deafening. The band
changed to the "Star-spangled Banner,"
when the flag floated at the peak, while
the crowd continued to cheer.
The incident lasted hardly five minutes,
but it was enough to give ample evi
dence of the spirit of patriotism that ani
mates every person who lives beneath
the folds of the Hag.
Both teams started the game with a
vigor that promised an exhilarating con
test, and the flag-raising episode only
Increased their pace. The game was
played in an hour and twenty-five
minutes, and while there were some
holes in it, the excitement continued until
the last man was out. ■
Fresno's Eastern battery arrived just
in time to come up with the team, and
although Towney was in the box his lack
of condition was very evident. He proved,
however, that he has great speed and
good control of the ball, and had it not
been for the sixth inning, where the
locals bunched on him, he would have
gone home with a big credit mark.
Snyder, his receiver, did not feel equal
to going behind the bat, so he played
second, while Henry, a diminutive chap
with a wonderful throwing arm, was
made receiver-general. The others were
lively on their feet and swatted the ball
hard, but were unfortunate in placing it
out of reach of their opponents.
The local men were aided and abetted
by chance to a considerable extent, and
gave proof that they have something to
learn yet about team work, but Manager
Bunker is going to give them large doses
of practice from now on, and will soon
have them in shape.
Hughy Smith, he of the famous old
Pioneers, made his debut as an umpire,
having just been appointed to the staff,
and gave general satisfaction. He was
called upon to render several difficult
decisions, which he did with excellent
judgment and Impartiality. He is giving
every promise of ranking with McDonald
and Sheridan when he becomes thor
oughly familiar with his position.
Fresno was first up and started right
to work. Brittan fanned, but Ferguson
made the circuit on a missed third strike,
the ball rolling through a knothole in th«
backstop. Snyder was given his base
and Held (nut Anna) laced out a single
to left. Snyder tried to reach third, but
was headed off and retired in trying to
get back to second. Courtney drove out
a double, sending Held home, bui Mc-
Laughlin struck out.
Frisco scored one in the second. With
one out and Lee on first, Stroecker plant
ed a single in left and Lee was caught at
third. Stroecker stole second and scored
on a high throw to nail him at third.
The score was evened up in the third,
when Murphy reached first on a fumble
by Snyder. Krug bunted the ball to
third and was retired at first. Murphy
was headed for third by that time, and
Held threw high to cut him off, allowing
him to score.
The Tigers took the lead again in the
fourth, Held being hit by a pitched hall,
foing to third on Courtney's second
ouble and making a daring steal home
on a short passed ball.
Then came the disastrous sixth, when
Frisco won out. K. Krug started the
trouble with a single to left. Hearty hit
to McLaughlin, and went to second on
the latter's low throw to first, both run
ners scoring on Kelly's long single to
center. Lee's questionable double to
center, which looked to some as though
Donahue misjudged the ball, sent Kelly
home, and Lee followed him a moment
later on Stroecker's two-cushion shot.
Tawney steadied down then and further
disaster was averted.
The Tigers took another turn in the
hurst Velodrome yesterday was run in
two heats and final. _,
The entries were as follows: First
heat— Rosenhoim 40 yards, Smith n yards,
Farris 100 yards. Holmes I'D yards, (ox
head 225 yards; Ligda 250 yards.
Second heat— Deacon aerates, Bacon 50
yards, Burke 80 yards, Hurley 100 yards
Morehouse 125 yards, HoUnea yards.
Vogel 250 yards. .
The first heat was won by A. 1. h 1 "'" 1 -
In 5:00 4-5. P. A. Deacon captured the
final, with A. T. Smith second. Time,
4 T»3
"Chairman C. S. Myrick of the Head
Racing Committee of the <•• A. U £~
completed yesterday the survey or tne
new relay race course ond located tne
finish at a point on Central avenue, be
tween Broadway and Resent street, In
Alameda.
Match races were arranged yesterday
as follows: Five mile pursuit race be
tween F. Jurgelvitz of the Encinal Cy
clers and 11. Ross, to be ridden on the
Elmhurst Velodrome on Sunday, April 17.
Five mile paced race between P. Dea
con of the Reliance Wheelmen and speedy
J. A. Wing of the Olympic Club Wheel
men, to be r.^den at Elmhurst on Sun
day, April 24. . a
In the latter race each rider will fur
nish his own race, nearly twenty tandem
teams in all to be employed.
Pacific States League.
Santa Cruz has a cl«an score with three
games won, while Sacramento has two out of
three to its credit. San Jose has broken even
on four games played: Oakland has lost three
out of five: San Francisco two out of three, and
the Olympics three out of four. Following is
their percentages.
CLUBS.
3
B
N
3
gg
n
I
gp
I
an"
8
c
a
g
■ a
T.
i |
j ?
£
Cruz....j
• o I
o !
o
....
0
1
1 1
1
1
V
1
0
"6'
1
1
0
1
0
aento ..
rse ;..v..
id
0
o
o
o
0
0
1
0
uiynijucn
Let ........
l
I 8
2
%
eighth, and it looked for a time as though
the score was going to be evened up
again. Ferguson was given his base on
balls, but was forced « at second by
bnyder, who in turn : shared . the same
fate on Held s grounder to Krug. , Court
ney was given his base on balls and Me-
Laughlin drove them both home with a
beautiful double to right. Tawney, after
a half dozen long fouls, struck out, retir
ing the side. The score:
San Francisco— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Monahan, 3 b.. ...... 3 0 0 0 18 1
Murphy. 1 b 4 1 0 1 11 0 0
K. Km*. 2 b 4 110 6 0 1
Hearty. 1. t.. ........ 4 110 110
Kelly, s. s.. 4 110 12 0
.Lee. ■ r. f....... 4 % 1 0 0 0 0
Stroecker. c. 4 12 14 4 1
Hayes, c. f.. 3 0 10 10 0
Whalen, p 3 0 10 3 4 0
• Total • 33 ~6 1"2 27 14 1
Fresno- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brittan, r. f ..4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Ferguson. I. t. ...... 3 100 1 2 0
M i 2 b........... I 0 0 0 5 12
Held. 1 b..... 3 2 10 7■ 0 , 1
Courtney, s. 8 8 2 20130
McLaughlin, 3 b 4 0 10 12 2
Tawney, p 4 0 10 0 10
Henry, c... ..;.. 4 0 0 0 3* 2 0
Donahue, c. f.. ...... 4 0-00300
Total ......82 5 1 "0 24 11 1
Runs by Innings.
San Franci5c0... i....".:..0 110 0 4 0 0 •— <>
Base hits .....021 0 4*o •— 8
Fresno ...2 0 0 10 0 0 2 o—s
Base hits .V 2.0 0 2 0 0 0 1 o—s
Summary: Two-base hits— Courtney, 2- Lee
Stroecker, McLaughlin. Sacrifice hits— Km*'
Base on errors— San Francisco, 5; Fresno 3
Bases on balls— Francisco, 2; Fresno, 4
Left on bases— San Francisco, -5; Fresno 4
Struck out— Whalen. 7; by .Tawney, 2 Hit
by pitcher— Held. Passed balls— Stroecker, 1
Time of game— Umpire— H. Smith.
CENTRAL PARK.
In Harvey Sacramento has a worthy
substitute for Hughes, who is now pitch
ing in an Eastern league. The auburn
haired left-handed twirler from the cit
rus belt gave an exhibition of his ability
yesterday that will long be remembered
by the crowd that attended Central Park.
His curves seemed a veritable Chinese
puzzle to the OaKlands. Time and again
a batter would step to the plate only to
return to his Beat crestfallen at the ludi
crous figure he cut while trying to con
nect with those wonderful shoots. Twelve
men were retired on strikes and but five
Athenians were able to connect safely.
Sacramento might have won, however,
with any other pitcher fn the box, as the
Oakland team played like so many school
boys. Nearly every man on the team was
guilty of yellow fielding, ten large and
rotuiid errors being the main cause of
their defeat.
How "Smiling" Mike Steffanl can pitch
for two nines without being released was
a matter that puzzled many yesterday.
Mike has, since the opening of the season,
cast his fortunes with the San Jose con
tingent, but in yesterday's game he
twirled for Oakland as if his life depended
on victory. Sad to relate his smile dis
appeared when the hard hitting crowd
that composes the Capital City team got
to work. Aided by three bases on ba..s,
twelve hits and ten errors they landed
nine runs. Home runs, three baggers, two
cushions and singles were tapped off at
will, but Steffani stayed it out, gaining
some consoi«.^on by hitting Dennei an<^
Hughes.
Stanley is a prize for any nine and the
Sacramentos are fortunate in possessing
him. His work behind the bat is worth
watching. The support he gave Harvey
enabled the latter to toy with the Oak
landers.
Following is the score:
Oakland- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
O'Kane. 1b & 2 b.. 4 0 0 0 8 0 2
Hammond, c 4 12 15 5 1
Krug. s. a. &r. t... 4 0 10 2 12
PyneV c. f 4 0 0 0 2 10
Eagan. 2b& 8. 5... 4 0 0 0 3 4 1
Croll. L f 4 0 10 111
Dunleavy, r.f. & lb. 4 0 1 2 4 0 1
Steffani, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 2
Brockhoff, 3 b 3 0 0 0 2 4 0
Total 34 1 6 3 27 17 10
California League.
The third week of the California League sea
son finds the San Francisco team In the lead
by one tame more to Its credit than Stockton
and Sacramento. Oakland has lost three bit
terly fought contests, and Is In the second
division with San Jose and Fresno, but It will
be at home now for a time while San Fran
cisco will do the visiting. San Jose has been
even worse oft, In having played all Its games
abroad and it will not open its home grounds
until May 1. It can then be counted on to take
its place among the leaders. The Tigers, too,
will soon have their delivery department In
working order and will give a good account of
themselves. The standing of the teams Is as
follows:
CLUBS.
I
i
3
n
%
9
•r.
\
b
■
3
O
I
•i
y
3
O
i
a
1
:
IMOCKIOn
Sacramento ...
Oakland |
0
0
n
1
o
....
0
0
0
l
0
0
I
0
1
San Jobs
Fresno
i
"6'
o
'Lost V.. „.....'
ELEVEN INNINGS.
San Jose Takes a Hard-Fought
Contest From San
Francisco.
SAN JOSE, April 10.— The ball same In the
championship series of the Pacific Stated
I-#eague to-day was one of the best ever played
here, eleven innings being played. The local
team won by a score of 3 to 2, but had a hard
flicht. The few runs made in the game were
scattered. Iberg pitched a strong game for
San Joee^ as did Johnson for the San Fran
clscos. The latter struck out eight men and
Iberg four. Huns by innings:
San Jose 0 000020000 I—3
San Francisco 0 000010010 o—2
Base hits— San Joee, 6; San Francisco, 9.
Errors— San Jose, 2; San Francisco, 3.
Fine writing papers in all the new
shapes, sizes and tints, "Waterman" and
"Swan" fountain pens, Koh-i-noor pen
cils and all kinds of stationery for either
office or home use. Sanborn, "Vail & Co. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SUMMER
DRESSFABRICS !
We have now received the balance of our
importations of WASH DRESS FABRICS for
the present season, and will exhibit this week
all the choice and seasonable novelties in the
following fabrics,
PRINTED FRENCH CHALLIES, STRIPED
WASH SURAHS, PRINTED FOULARD SILKS,
PRINTED FRENCH SATIN STRIPE CHALLIES,
WOVEN EGYPTIAN TISSUES, PRINTED FRENCH
ORGANDIES, WOVEN SCOTCH CHEVIOTS,
PRINTED FRENCH GRENADINES, WOVEN
SCOTCH MADRAS, PRINTED IRISH DIMITIES,
WOVEN SCOTCH GINGHAMS and PRINTED
LAPPET MULLS.
5 cases 32-incl} Printed Organdies, ele-
gant designs 15c yard
150 pieces extra quality Cotton Covert
Suiting, new mixtures 12* c yard
4 cases 32-incF) Scotch Madras, roediun),
darK and light colorings 15c yard
300 pieces fine Printed Percales, 36 inches
wide, white, indigo and Cochineal
grounds 12ic yard
3 cases new Scotch Tennis Flannel, new-
est patterns 3Oc yard
200 pieces Printed Tennis Flannel, fifty
different designs Bic yard
111. 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
Sacramento— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
Dennel. r. f 4XOOOOO
Hughes. 2 b 4 2 1 0 S 5 0
Stanley c 3 1 0 0 13 2 0
Peoples, 3 b 4 0 110 3 1
Dpyle, c. f 4 12 10 0 0
LbcWad. s. s 5 1 3 1 0 2 3
Shanahan, 1 b 5 2 4 0 9 2
Borland. 1. f 5 11110 0
Harvey, p 3 0 1 0 J j? J)
Total 37 9 12 4 27 17 4
Runs by Innings.
Oakland 0 00100 000-1
Base hits 0 0 110 1110-5
Sacramento 1 20100500-9
Base hits 1 2 110 13 1 2-12
Summary: Runs responsible for— Steffani. 3.
Home runs— Hughes. Three-base hits—Shana
han Two-base hits— Troll, Dunleaw Lock
head, Bhanahan, Harvey. Sacrlfic hits—Peo
ples Harvey. First base on errors— Oaklands.
4; Sacramento, 6. First base on called bails-
Oakland 0; Sacramento, 3. Left on bases-
Oakland! 5; Sacramento, 6. Struck out— By
Harvey, 12; by Steffani. 4. Hit by pitcher—
Dennei, Hughes. Wild pitches— Steffani. Time
of game— Two hours. Umpires— Levy and Geg
gus.
SLUGGING AT SACRAMENTO
The Giants Defeat the Horti
culturists in a Whirl
wind Game.
SACRAMENTO. April 10.— The Sacramento
and Pan Jose teams of the California State
League put up a great game of ball at Oak
Park to-day, the former team winning by a
score of 13 to 12. The game was replete with
brilliant plays, both individual and team, and
the batting was the heaviest ever seen on a
Sacramento diamond. The fielding of Van
Norden of the visitors and Mi-Hale and Reltz
for the home team were features, and a one
hand running catch made by Kelly won him
hosts of friends. Caverly and Sykes batted out
home runs. Score by innings:
Sacramento 1 0 8 0 0 0 2 2 •— l3
San Jose 0 0 2 13 0 3 3 0-12
Batteries— Pitt and Sullivan; Wheeler and
Ford. Base hits— Sacramento 11, San Jose 13.
Errors — Sacramento 8, San Jose 7. Attendance
2000. Umpire— Burke.
BEACH-COMBERS WIN.
Santa Cruz Takes a Ten-Inn
ing Game From the
Olympics.
SANTA CRUZ, April TO.— To-day's (tame of
ball was one of the most exciting ever seen
at Dolphin Park. Both the Beachcombers and
Olympics put up gilt edt?e ball. For the first
five Innings It looked like an easy victory for
Santa Cruz. At this stage Santa Cruz led
by a score of 2 to 1. In the sixth, the visitors
made three runs and obtained the lead. In
the ninth, Santa Cruz scored twice anil tied
the score. The Olympics were blanked In the
tenth. For Santa Cruz McGrath scored the
run that gave Santa Cruz the victory. Score,
5 to 4. The batteries were: E. Daubenbls,
Balsz and C. Daubenbls for Santa Cruz; Fitz
patrlck and Scott for Olympics.
OAKLAND DEFEATED.
Stockton Outpaces the Colts in
an Exceedingly Fast Game.
STOCKTON, April 10.— The Stockton ball
team took another scalp to-day by defeating
the Oakland nine by a score of 9 to 7. It
was a fast, exciting game all the way througn
and drew a big crowd. Fiege, the new t wirier
for Stockton, gave the Oaklanders only a few
scattering hits, and I»u Hardie of the Oak
lands made the first home run of the Califor
nia League seanon on the Stockton diamond.
It was a great batting contest. The basehits
and runs were as follows:
Stockton' 8 1 * 0 0 < I 2 3 0 0-10
Oakland 0 0 2 2 2 0 2 0 0-8
Stolon" 1 40000400-9
Oakland 0 12 2 2 0 0 0 0-7
Acident to a Butcher.
MONTEREY, April \o.— Raymond Luce,
head butcher In .argent & Gragg's mar
ket, met a peculiar and very serious ac
cident yesterday. While carving a beef
the large knife which he used slipped and
cut deei> Into his left knee, severing the
knee cap. It will be many weeks before
he will be again on his feet, and ho will
then have a stiff knee.
Ladles' pocket-books, belts, valises,
telescope bags, baskets and trunks. Mexi
can carved, alligator, grained calf and
seal are the leathers most In use. Always
the largest assortment a«d lowest prices
fct Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market st. •
GOLDBERG
ECO.
If economy is desired in your house-
hold you can accomplish it here with-
out using inferior goods
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Hams— Old Dominion He
regularly i2# lb— good of course
Baking DOWder— Excelsior 30C
rego.arly 45c it). 5-lb. tin $1.25
Olive Oil— Sublime Lucca 50C
regularly 55c per quart
If we did n't Import it we could n't
sell at this price
PickleS-Old Virginia 30C
regularly 35c a bottle — sweet .. ', "'; :
Privately made
Telescope baskets
For the camping and picnic season
Inches long 23 22 21 20 19
regu'ly 51.00 ooc 75c 60c 50c
special 75 65 55 .45 35
Shawl straps 40c and 20c
reduced from 50c and 25c V-;
Good strong ones — sft long
Manzanilla Olives 15c
regularly 20c a quart
small but good flavor
Marmalade— 20c
regularly 25c jar— Dundee
California port— stock
reg'ly special
bottle 75c 50c
gallon $2.50 $2 . /
Hermitage Rye whiskey 1886
•" regl'y special
bottle $1.50 : $1.15
gallon 6 4.50
Old r Crow bourbon whiskey
(made in 1889)
reg'ly special
bottle 51.2$ $1
gallon .5; 4
I German lentils 3|lbs2sc
regularly 10c a Ib
Try them with the ham
! Alkethrepta . 20c
regularly 25c a tin
The nutrient properties of chocolate
Cocpanut— dessicated — packages
Schepp's— regularly 30c Ib 22^C
' Dunham's — regularly 25c Ib . 20C
Cigars
. Enjoy smoking — get cigars you like
We Ye a big stock — all the good
% kinds 2}ic to 50c
April catalogue sent if a cent postal is
sent j Mail orders entitled to these prices if
posted during these three days
,43a Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California Sari Francisco
■ 107s Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
1» ; a ■ powenui ■ 1 aruu.t>iuu ana , u^bciuu ?". <.0.«.u ■
; ' fur '- the : sexual .' and " urinary organs of both
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases ot the
kidneys/and bladder. A r great ■ Restorative
Invlgorator and / Nervine. ;. i Sells ;on s its owa
Merita; no long- winded . testimonials necessary.
■ J_- * NABKR, ALFB & BRUNE. v Agenta,
ttl Market Street, 8. (Send for Circular.}CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27. 1897, In pursuance of the Provlsioos of
Section 8. Article XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICL" II— LEGISLATIVE DEPAI
KENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
. Chapter III — Contracts.
ARTICLE FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter III— Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter 111-Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV— Sewers and Drainage,
Chapter Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Charr- r I- Board of Education.
••-•r U— Bchools.
Edu^Ucn. 111^ 0^" ° f the Board of
Chapter IV-Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Eights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue md defend in all
courts and places and in all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real Tnd personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do ail acts necessary to
carry out th" purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, vith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
end County of Tan Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and Is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for tho recover; of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, In law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights cf, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adopiion of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to whi^h the City andCountyis a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recoursi shall be had
eealnst the City and County for dam
i lon to person or property suf
or sustained by reason of the de
foetiv.- condition of any sidewalk
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
or by reason of the defective
■ Bewer, or by reason of
fir.y <!• feotive drainage, whether any of
ts '>:-i-ir,ally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
llon, excavation or embankment,
hall there be any recourse against
nd County for wont of re
p'llr of any sidewalk, street, avenue.
art or place or by want
pali of any sewer; ror shall there
'• any recourse against the City and"
for damage to p^-r^on or prop
red or sustained by reason of
■ - d walk, street, avenue,
\ court or placo. or by fal'ing
from .'my embankment thereon or into
• therein; but .n anynuch
: | bom on n hona
nas have Imposed the
to i-i^'ir such defect in the
r public highway, or
in th< er. and i to thi i (Beer or
ra ihrourh whose official negli
gence su'-n defect remains unrepaired
• • a -id severally Liable to
the party Injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co shall be vested in a legislative body.
Which shall Lt designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chnpter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Charier V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
•Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I — Organization and Powers.
Chapter J I— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Snlarles.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI- DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII-ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CrVIL SERVICE.
\RTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS, i
ARTICLE XVI-MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body Is also desig
nated in' this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. Z. The Board of Supervisors
Bhall consist of eighteen members, all
of wjiom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelv > hunJred doll: -s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers fur disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore irom its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sf c. 6. The B< ard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal h>HH a y. then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r 'ar place of
meeting, c-xcept in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board.
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
Charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affaii-s of his office, and shall per
form bu< h services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the C-ity and County
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall bo by ordinance
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall, be in these words: "Be it or
daUied by the Teople of the City and
County of San Francisco us follows."
No ordinance shail bo passed except by
biU. and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. ft. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the member* the Boaid and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same Le entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to It:- title- but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised .-:id amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced In an ordinance and not
expressed in Its title, such ordinance
shall be void on!y as to so much there
of as is not expressed In its titled
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAT, APTML 11, IS9S.
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, ; and a motion is made! to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted- upon before: the expira
tion of twenty-four hours .; after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of '
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within! ninety days after ;
its introduction.; and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its '.
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage."
Sec. 13. ■ Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise ;or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap- ;
propriation or disposition of , public '
property or the expenditure of public |
money, except sums less than two !
h ndred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with '$ the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be- j
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill, be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But :
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces- ;
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to j
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por- ;
tions of the bill. In such ease he shall [
append to the bill at the time of sign- ;
ing it a statement of the item or item?»
to which he objects and the reasons*
therefor,. and the item or items so ob- |
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each Item so objected to j
shall be separately reconsidered by the.
Board in the same manner as bills :
which have been disapproved by the i
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef- I
feet until ten days after Its passage i
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro- ;
val. The Mayor shall return such bill i
or resolution to the Board within ten j
days after receiving it. If he approve 1
it he shall sign it and It shall then be- i
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
It he shall specify his objections there- ;
to in writing. If he does not return
It with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef- :
feet as if he had approved it. The ob- j
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large In the Journal of the Board.
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned.
reconsider and vote upon the same. . Tf <
the same shall, upon reconsideration, ;
be again passed by the affirmative votA
of not less than fourteen members of i
the Board. •the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the hill \
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been annroved by the
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail :
to receive the vote of fourteen members !
of the Board It shall be deemed finally !
lost.- The vote on such reconsideration ;
shall be taken by ayes and noes and j
the names of the members voting for j
and against the same shall be entered
In the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu- |
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk j
of the Board who shall record the same j
at length in a suitable -book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In :
the manner hereinbefore set out. and i
such ordinance shall be presented to }
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided. -.-.- •-: ■-,! ..--.■• ::.:]: :.:]
■Sec. 19. "Except as provided in' Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all ;
demands payable : out of the Treasury r
must, . before they can be approved by '
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer, i
be first approved by the Board of Sup- !
ervisors. All demands for more than two !
hundred dollars shall be presented to the '<
M.-ivor for Is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore nrovide* for th~ passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions j
directing the payment of money other j
than salaries or wages, when the j
amount exceeds five hundred dollars, ]
shall he published for five successive j
days ("Sundays and legal holidays ex- j
cented) In the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. "- -le r there shall be pre- !
sented to the Board of Election Com- !
missioners a petition signed by a num- i
ber of voters equal to fl?te:n per i
centum of the votes cast at the last j
preceding State or City ard County ,
election, asking that an ordinance to be !
set forth in such petition. be subr ..ted i
to a vote of th electors o: h"? City -tnd j
County, the Board rf Election Com- j
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the elei tor- ~t
the next election.
The sigr. \turcs to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his signature ''
his place of r "idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall i -ike oath be
fore an officer competent to admin, ter j
oaths, that the statements therein '
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended Is the genuine i
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
phnll contain the .words "FUR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast v. irn
such • ordinal ~e shall be In fa 'or of the j
adoption there< *. the Board of Election I
Commissioners shall within thirty days j
from the time of such election, pro- i
cairn such far.: nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinance j
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi- I
sors. But the Supervisors may sub.nlt
a proposition for the repeal of . such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vote at any succeeding election; and j
should such proposition, so submitted, j
receive a majority of the votes cast '
thereon at such election, such ordi- ]
nance shall be repealed or amended '
accordingly. •
Sec. - '2l. Except as otherwise pro- j
vided in the. Constitution of th« State,
or, as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every orilnan^e in solving the
granting by the City and County of
any francr-^p for the supply of light
or water, nr for the lease. - r sale of any ;
public utility, or for the purchase of land
of .more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the v< ie !
of the elect--* of th City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adoption of r-Jich oruinance.
The tickets £ used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t..e nature of
the proposed ordi nee) and
"AGAINST THS ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o. the proposed ordi
nance). .
If a majority nt the votes cast upon
such ordinance " shall be in favor of the
option thereof. th*» Board of Ele ".ion
Commissioners shall, within thlr '•'
days fro.- V -'• time 'of such 'election.
proclaim such" fact: - and ° upon * such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
th" 1 same force • and effect ■as an * ordi- j
nance passed by the Supervisors and <
approved, by the Mayor.' \^.
No ' such franchise, or lease or sale
of .my nubile ' utility or.. purchase of :
land shall be Ot any force or effect ex
j cept it re -nfid" by ordlnar.ee. and such
: ordinance be adopted by the j people as
In th's section provided. ,-'*. ■■' "
Sec. ; - 22.- Whenever ,: there, shall be !
presented to the ) Supervisors a petition i
sign; d by .'.--number of voters equal -.-"
fifteen per f centum of « the votes cast ■at
the last ' nrecedine " State )or * municipal i
election, asking that an amendment or j
aneniiit..vo t : this Charter, to be set j
out -in such petition, be submits to !
The people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and |
County the proposed amendment or j
amendments.
The signatures to , the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place . of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of '
each such paper shall make oath:be
fcro an Oi ncr competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein j
are true and that each signature to ;
such paper eppenoe" 1 Is the gen--' 'c
signature of the person whose name ,
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or \
amendments to the electors at a ; - spe- i
cial election to be called by It, and shall
canvass ; the vote In the same manner
as in other cr-s ; of election. ,: :
All the provision!! of the Constitution j
of the State embracing the subject lin j
this section provided for are hereby ex- \
pressly made applicable to such pro- !
posed amendment or amendments. ; But :
if at any time there shall be no consti- j
tutional provision or provisions under j
which this Charter may be amended, j
then the aforesaid amendment or j
amendments must be submitted by the j
Board of Election Commissioners tc + he
vote of the electors of the City and !
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the !
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the |
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election i
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the ' nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be In favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such . fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accord igly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions In
this Charter e--t.iir.ed. the Board of |
Supervisors shall have power: .>,;•
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the : City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws an 1 regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided In
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of ..'.ifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and " unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit ... impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks. *
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden bui' ngs or structures nhall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be -hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo the abatement or
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn md to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe .structures. . *.-.O -..,:.,, r \ ■'.."■';
J ~ To "regulate the use of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ar.d to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggtge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all nece- ry rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large. t and for the custody and de
r.ruction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and person™, charged
with insanity, separate and -part from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain rvl regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish. City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
isnment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use. .
13. 1 Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing -f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and. County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use cf v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or t"> the inhabitants thereof,
and- to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice. '
. 15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the ; collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be Imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place- of
business in the City and County,
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require i per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C _*rter.
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both, • "; v
17. To fix the fees and charges I for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five -hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day. . '
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on con vie -ion of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and. to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof to I any society that \ shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
C:>urt. to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or : upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one j hundred dollars a month \ for
''■ each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one; thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony In the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof. '-
. 22. .To y. provide -in ■- the annual g tax
levy. for a. special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
j 23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County.; and Seals; for the several
departments/boards nd officers \ there
of, and a Seal for the, Police Court;: ;
; 24. : To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of : all laborer? in the serv-
Ice *of the City and ; County, and ■to fix
their compensation; provided that eight ;
hours ; shall be the maximum hours s of
i labor In any calendar day, and that tL
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
' 26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex- :
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
Of construction and expense of main- \
tenance thereof between the owners; to i
fix. establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of .
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience In the operation of such roads.
2S. To allow any transcontinental or
Other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con- .
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such risht ;
shall be upon the conditions that said j
company shall pave and keep in repair !
the street from curb to curb in such a i
manner and with such material as may •
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways Jointly.
29. J^o convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14. 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
SI. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and fnr a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance C6mmittee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
'demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and afflrma
| tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once In
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
i have power, and it shall be its duty, to
' examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
1 it shall be its duty, to examine the
' records and examine and expert the
i books of ao ount of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
, furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
! concurrence of two members of the
'■ Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
! The Committee shall keep a record of
1 its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If.
from the examination made by the
Committee, It shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who. if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
i such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
! shall have power to grant authority
i for a term not exceeding twenty-five
; years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
- streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
i or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and nnn" other:
Upon application b°!n£t mrde to the
F.oard for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at snld time phall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
' conditions provided in this Chapter.
; After such determination. It shall
: cnuse notice of such application and
' resolution to be advertised In the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive dnys. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before aiy further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vfrtiFcment must state the character
of the francMse sought, the term of
Its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be nam°d in the advertise
ment: and a further statement that
no bids will be received c,f a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United states
, of a statort pprceitncre of the rrross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
: bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a per.ai >=urn prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad- i
vertisetnent, conditioned that such bid- :
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all cf the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him. and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken '■
to be liquidated damages, and that as :
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the !
expiration of the time stated in such :
advertisement up to which such bids ;
will be received, the Board must open '
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
oentage of the gross receipts arising ;
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which :
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap- !
plication granted, unless the stated j
percentage offered to be paid for the ;
franchise shall be at least three per |
centum of such gross receipts during \
the first five years of the period for j
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts !
during the next succeeding ten years, I
and five per centum of the gross re- j
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as In this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must b- in accordance wi.h the provis
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of P.blic Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors -.iay reject any
and all bid». and m-ay refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for
which application was made. " cry
ordinance making such grant shall re- I
quire the concurrenceof three-fourthsof !
all the members of the Board of Super- j
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and !
final passage of any such ordinance. It !
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all !
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
i its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees wiil. within one hundred days
, after the date of such grant, commence
! the construction of such railway, and
! continuously thereafter, in each and cv
! cry month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
1 the' sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of i
i said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
! the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
; visors a sworn .statement of the gross
\ receipts of such railway for the pre
i ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
' other lawful conditions as it may deem
''■ advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted. and that the Board shall
! at all times have the power to regulate
; the rates of fare to be charged by those
! using, operating, possessing or enjoy
i ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
i times be permitted to examine and ex
; pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
; per centum shall be credited to the
i General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
i power to grant franchises or privileges
i to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
i way of the City and County except up
: on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
] all times have the right to regulate the
' charges of any person, company or cor
i poratlon using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
I railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
i the property reverting to it by reason
| of such expiration in the operation of
| a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
1 as the same may be applicable. But no
| ordinance ■ uthorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
; ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
i from and after the expiration of thirty
i days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi- i
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
; objections, unless within said thirty '-.
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
| cast at the last preceding election shall
: have been filed with the Supervisors, '
i asking that said ordinance be submit
! ted to the vote of the people. In such
j case said ordinance shall be submitted
| at the next election to the vote of the
i electors of the City and County, and
; unless said ordinance shall at said elec- -
j tion receive in Its favor a majority of
! the votes cast thereon it shall have no
i force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made In accordance with the
: provisions of section twenty of Chapter
! I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
.CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, pu v lic insti
. tutions and other departments not oth
1 erwise specifically provided for in this
; Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or ere
, ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided In this
j Charter, the Board must determine
i annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
i other necessary articles will be needed
[ by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions In this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County ■of ten per centum on the
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. •; If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office 'of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors; and shall
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bfcl separately for any article
named. The award as to each article
shall in all teases be made to the lowest "
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, the
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and the
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. The
Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The Clerk
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated In the
advertisement for proposals. In the
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. . All articles
so supplied shall be subject to Inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char-- of the of
fice. Institution or department . for
which the same are supplied. , Every
contract for work to be performed for
■the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the ' contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day.
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day.* Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually In like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof. -
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
inviting proposals and all notices nf
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other. part or kind of,
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list.
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the "official
newspaper." v;;':
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest're
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising. ~.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors."
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the' Supervisors
shall annually, under th- direction of
the Supervisors, ' advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and olfices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment' books, minute-books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery. shall be
separate from tho=e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the -weight', j quality
and size of the various. kinds required,
nd that for printing shall . enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills.: tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now us^d or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding, the forms, papers and ■ blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County, v -
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No. -r— r
(specifying the number Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to j state the price at which each • arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount cf the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No | stationery furnished to any offi
cer or r : department shall contain the
name ;or names of the - officer , or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment -or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City. Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him. and
he shall issue and distribute the, same
to the various departments as , re
quired.
He shall keep accounts in detail,
charging himself with 'all goods, re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
I requisition" for such articles has been
made by, the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor. -
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
! all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
| any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or of ' any >. department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder In se
| curing a contract to furnish labor, ma-
I terial or supplies, at a higher price or
j rate , than that proposed by any other
i bidder, : or :w" ;v; v shall favor one bidder
j over another, by giving, cr withholding
■ Information,' or who shall willfully j .mis
1 lead .any bidder in 'regard to the char
j acter of the' material or supplies called
for. or .who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality Inferior
to that called,; for by j th« ;; contract, :j: j or
who shall knowingly certify to a : great
er amount of labor performed than has
been ' actually. 1 performed, or to the : re
ceipt of -a * greater amo .nt ror ' different
13kinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
Sec. 5. AH contracts provided for in
this Chapter must be In writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con
tracts must be Countersigned by the
Clerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him lor that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, and a con
tract awarded as provided herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and caus«
the notice for proposals to be readver
tisod.
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall bo made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for' gas. 'electric lisrht or any Il
luminating material at a higher rate
thnn the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
Of gas, electric light or Uluminating
material consumed in sucn building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I.
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April In each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and ;
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti- i
mate in writing of the amount of ex- j
penditure, specifying in detail the ob- j
jocts thereof, required in their rospec- (
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
Bent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b 'ore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
Of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the i
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the ;
amount required to meet the interest
and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion-!
Ed to each fund in the 'treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of income
from fines, licenses and other sources
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re- j
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem- •
bers thereof make a budget of the i
amounts estimated to be required to
ny the expenses of conducting the '
public business of the Cit- and County
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such de- :
tail as to the aegregate sum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budeet, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient Ime or times as may lie
necessary to rfllow thf taxpayers to be ■
heard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
so appointed for such hearin^
Sec. 4. Any item in said budget may.
within ten days, be vetoed in whole or !
in part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors ]
to overcome such veto. Action thereon i
must be taken before the last Monday
Of June.
Aft^r the final estimate is made in
accordance herewith, it shall bo signed
by the Mayor and the \_lerk of the Su
pervisors, and t 1 several sums shall
thf-n be appropriated for the ensuiner
fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments there tn name- 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
Pec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to he raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Bee 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec. 8. The Super- : ~ors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided forf k- i rw . No money
?hall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the membf.s of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Ifjiyor.
Bee. 9. Tt shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any hoard, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, authi rize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, in
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
Fuch month of making or incurring the
same, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
'he amount of the appropriation for
;h» fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having *>ower to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
Rerreement for obtaining supplies or
having lahnr Performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
nu^h i>ercpiD«>nt by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the
person with whom it is proposed to
•nake such a-reement of the amount of
money available or likely ♦/•» v-. avail
able in the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If, at the beginning of any month.
n money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, ruch tmexpendod sum
ir sums, except pr> much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid Halms
upc.n such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended !n any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except in payment of
?Talms lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
fo me^t the expense of elections; for
♦he support and maintenance of' the
Asseppor'? and Tax Collector's depart
ments: and for urgent necessities.
=hall be exempt from the provisions of
:h'P section.
• . Sec. 10. No contracts mane, the ex
1 pense of whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be Daid !
by assessments upon the property ben- '
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unices the Auditor shall dorse, there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided; a balance of the appropria
\ tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by j
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply, to work !
done, or. supplies furnished, f involving
■the expenditure r' 'c'sf..;*^,'" '•*""V % " v ""' : 1
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same '
is required by law to be done by con
.tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such "• indorse
ment upon every sueh ■>■ contract so
presented to , him, If ; there remains un- I
/■««iiied and unexpended such amount I
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
V>e sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parkß, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In surh
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No Increase shajl be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
■ Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
Is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under "the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library- and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgment
against the City and County.
2. In llqjidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part or the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
L All moneys paid Into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon -s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea.- in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir_:nen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its oayment, may be paid out of uur
CHARTEK FOE THE CITY AJSTD COUNTY OF SAN FBANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de.. .quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
, Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund jj applicable,
which are not i c-ueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. Ail moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by'any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
ail moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive rtor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed: and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to ba
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund." which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to tjme to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving;
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose pustody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt is issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt i?
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of ea^h
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener.
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the, Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him durinc
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of th« preceding month*
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
If required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, tho Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who Is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the n»me of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amcrunt of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance,' or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out erf the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors. %
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur-on the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon It a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund put
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed j
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ..fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTER IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, Including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of th,e proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it. as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold oftV«
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand doilaio.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
j observe the official conduct of all
i public officers and the manner in
j which they execute their duties and
(fulfill their obligations. The books.
j records and official papers of all depart
: ments, officers and persons in the em
! ploy of the City and County shall at all
! times be open to his inspection and cx
i amination. He shall take special care
, that the books and records of all de
- partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
! When any official defalcation or will
| ful neglect of duty or official miscon
i duct shall come to his knowledge, he
I shall suspend the delinquent officer or
: person from office pending an official m
1 vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time '
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas-
Ores as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws :
of th^ State and ordinances of the City j
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public !
institutions of the City and County, ;
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of I
all riots and tumults, for which pur- i
pose he may use and command the.po- |
lice force. If such police force is in- j
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid in the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City I
and County are faithfully kept and ■
fully performed. It shall be the duty |
of every officer and person in the em- '
ploy or service of the City and County, I
when it shall come to his knowledge '
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi- i
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information ;
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration,
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or Annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been .
forfeited in whole or in part or which :
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City j
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section. f
The Mayor shall have pJnver to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose .
election or appointment Is not other- :
wise specially provided for in this j
Charter or by law. When a vacancy I
occurs in any office, and provision is ;
not otherwise made in this Charter or j
by law for filling the same, the Mayor ;
shall appoint a suitable person to fill |
such vacancy, who shall hold office for j
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses- j
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing £he objects
for which they have bee«i convened:
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unaMe to per
form his duties, a member of theßoard i
shall be chosen President pro tf mpore, i
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER 11.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be tha
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
hlm, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of |
law regulating his duties, nor in favor !
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
daring office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re- j
eeiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to j
any facts relative to the justice of such
aeeonnt or claim. Moneys placed in j
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be j
subject to the provisions of this sec- :
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le- '
gaily due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow- ;
ance, and sign his name thereto. No !
demand shall be approved, allowed, au- ,
dited or paid unless it specify each spe-
Clal item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
later of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay- |
ment thereof, when the liability ac- i
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe- i
cine fund, except for the purpose of de- ;
termining its legality.
CHAPTER 111.
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas- !
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasure* on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receipts for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5, No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors? or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of thp funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Ever«- lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on ~"'-ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Cancpled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter sftall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder and on . what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be. paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon: being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting £***
the endorsement of .the .word r Register^
ed " and dated and signed by the 1
Treasurer: but the registration of any
demand shall not operate ;to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTEB IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary c-f eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ,
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-fo«r hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. H«
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes-, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes du.e upon th»
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered: but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to p?<y licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers In serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from anv
person. firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may bs
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tim«
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying In the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect th«
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply witA
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall ba
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies whoshall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who |hall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding: such election. He shall be
elected by the peiple and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars: two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensatioi at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month
i Sec- 2- Th» Recorder shall take Intohis custody and safely keep all books, j
records. maj.s and paners deposited In |
his office. Upon demand and payment i
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to i
any one applying therefor a copy of j
any such book, record, map or paper, i
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. Wh'ii any papers are presented
for riling or recording, he or hit) depu
ties shall write on the margin of each J
paper so presented the number of folios,
thr> amount paiu for recording the j
same, and sh;i.i number consecutively*
all Instruments and documents filed In
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The- Judges of the Su
r Court of rhe City an County
may app< Int not to exceed five inter
s of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions anc ; roceedinga in all the courts
li; the City and County, and in exam
ination:, before Coroner's juries.
2. The stenographers n the
Criminal lu-p. rtments of the Superior
Court shall ea-h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by their..
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
y. who shall be styled City At
torney, and \...0 shall receive an an
salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in ail
the courts -if this State, and he must
have been bo qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for tin* City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin - exists In favor of the
City and County. he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
ted to do so by resolution of the
rvisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
Questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of th* Cit- ai.d County. He
ehidl not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion ft>r or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ-
ten recommendation he is ordered to)
do so b the Mayor and Supervisors.
3. He shall keep on file in his '
office all written communications and ;
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the hripfs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he '
rs: and botind hooks of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his chaiare in which the City
and County is interested.
Sec. 4. He hall deliver all b->r>ks
a n.i records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and propfrty
of every description in his possession,
belonging to hiia office, or to the City
and County', to his successor in office.
who shall "Ive him duplicate receipts j
theref'T. one of which he shall file
w lth th» Auditor.
Sec, 5. The City .Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive nn annual salary of
thirty -.six hundred dollars; the second
ai-. annual salary of three thousand
b; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint '
n chief clerk, wr shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
iv. annual Balarv of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
■who shaH receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who Bhall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
•work necessary in preparing 1 and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
el°rk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have be«n <=« qualified Rt least two
years m-xt preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, ar.d shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney. I
SECTION L The District Attorney I
*hal! be electe-" by the people and shall J
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for . t least five years next
preceding his election, lie ' shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. Th« District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, In
stitute and conduct on behalf of the i
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He r'^ll draw all complaints
and warrants in paid Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County: deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli- j
cates therefor witii the County Treas- i
urer: file with 1 1 1 Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April. July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durir- th" preceding three
months; keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, nroseeuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein: and
jrive, v.hen required, without fee. ad
vice to the Board of Police CommJs-
Fiopr.y<3. the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Pec. " He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of j
whom 'hnll act as prosecutors 'in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shnll net as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, nnd shall each receive an annual
*»iary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict .Attorney acting as such nrosecut
. Ing attorneys In the Police Court are
not actually engaged In work connected !
witv> prosecutions therein, they shall be ;
at. the on 11 of the District Attorrev for
any service co-n-pecfed with his depart- •
.ment. The assistants mu«t each, at the ■
time of his anpolntment. be qualified to i
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
also axpolnt one chief „ clerk, who shall !
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may. in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the Cit^ and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by Jaw to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of tho State In full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
i the powers conferred, and shall dis
i charge all the duties imposed upon, the
! County Clerks of counties by the gen
i eral laws of this State, and in addition
I thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, kwp the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
; ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
1 his official duties, the County Clerk
I may appoint a Chief Register Clerk.
! who shall receive an annual salary of
I twenty- four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
I Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
i Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
! lars; five* Register Clerks, who shall
j each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
| sistant Register Clerks, who shall
: each receive an annual salary of
I fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
i lsts, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
i four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
1 ed and certified by him. he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies.
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
; cents, and also forty cents an hour for
: the time exceeding one hour necessarily
i occupied in comparing such copies. He
; must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document.
paper or recoTd, or portions thereof, in
, his custody.
CHAPTER VL
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
; elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to- the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
i ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upc-n, the Sheriffs
: of counties by the general laws of this
j State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
i ing deputies and employees, who shall
; each respectively receive the following
■ annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
. ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
! lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
! dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
: Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
i ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
i twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
i tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
: and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
■ sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
1 Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
. at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
1 hundred dollars: six Guards at Branch
! Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
i jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
! Driver of Van, nine hundred dollar.s;
! and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by hl3 depu
j ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred do-liars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of Pan Francisco. Said
I Court shall consist of four Judges, who
! shall be elected by the people and hold
j office for four years. They si all each
i receive an annual salary of thirty-six
1 hundred dollars. They shall be electors
I of the City and County at the time of
j their election, and must have been such
) for at least five years next preceding
j such time. No person shall be eligible
j to the office of Judge of the Police
j Court who is not at the time of his elec-
I lion qualified to practice in all the
i Courts of this State, and who has not
j been so qualified for at least five years
i next preceding his election, The Court
; shall be divided into departments
i known as Department Number One,
I Department Number Two, Depart
! rr.rnt Number Three and Department
■ Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
j Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
i be elected at the first election under
i this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office In two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from th»fr number a
1 Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
| year. The Presiding Judge shall as
■ sign the Judges to their respective de.
j partments; but any of the Judges may
i preside in any of the departments in
j the absence or inability of the Judge
| regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
; ings of any session of the Court held by
: any one or more of the Judges shall be
i equaliy effectual as if all the Judges
i had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
i and County of San Francisco shall
! have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
i dinanocs of the Board of Supervisors.
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
'] meanors and of the examination of all
i felonies committed in the City and
} County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
| tions and proceedings as axe now or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A"SD COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts j
and appeals to the Superior Court; and I
said Court or any Judge thereof shall j
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
Firpt — No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District |
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on anpeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge "before ,
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall j
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third— Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth— A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend- >,
ant to understand distinctly the char- |
acter of the offense complained of, and \
the complaint may be amended by per- j
mission of the Court after a demurrer j
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall i
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be i
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall i
try all cases as speedily as possible, j
and must refuse continuances after the ■
first calling of a case for trial except
Upon affidavit showing good cause ,
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the* City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be j
present at the sessions of the Court and j
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it. and make out all I
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. .The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty- j
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks, ]
each of whom shall receive a salary of ]
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No :
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall kc^p his
off re open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business-: shall
draw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and apnrove the same with
his written signature: shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond!
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within !
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and lncumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon tho bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may Issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
j sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom |
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Pond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Soc. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person oth<^r than n Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said ' Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
revive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Pec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to th<* Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or .heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof: call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and koep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them whore the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and dc-liver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, in
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge c-f the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
pach of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests In
which tho cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged; 1 ' whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court.
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
6aid Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter:
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the. San i
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
Increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th. 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate,' allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; 6 and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by. this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. . The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
a
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WOKKS.
CHAPTER I.
• The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public "Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term ■
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for j
a. pointment as such Commissioner un- j
less he is, and has been for at least five '
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an '
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. ' The
President of ■ the Board shall In each
case" hold office until his successor has
been elected, or until his'- membership
on the Board expires. %f^.V\^.i.
Sec: 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who, shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ. such clerks, super
intendents. Inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance'
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor. ,
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed a
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time ,of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The' Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings, j
and copies of all plans, specifications, j
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the I
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac- .
tions, specifying therein the names of !
the Commissioners present at all the i
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes I
upon all votes. The Secretary shall j
post " and publish all orders, resolu- ;
tions ' and .notices as required in this :
Chapter or which the Board shall order j
to. be posted or published. ; He g shall i
perform such other duties as may from '
time to time be prescribed by the j
Board. . ;-"h ; ,;*. / .
Sec. 7. , The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office j and shall have , all the \
powers and perform all the duties of i
the. -Superintendent of Streets, High- ■
ways' and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in . existence at the time ' this
Charter goes i into effect for the open- !
ing. extending, widening, narrowing, ■
straightening, eloping or .: changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun- i
ty. ■■-. : .-.' \ .- : \- . .. : . ~ % :■-.: ■-. ■ . ■
.Sec. 8. The Board shall Immediately i
after, its organization take possession i
and have the custody and control of all |
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans,' specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract | rights, priv
ileges, books,; documents and archives
and other property belonging to th»
City and County, or which may be of
value and *^ importance : to the City and
County, and heretofore kept : by or in
the offices of the City and County I Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of :': Public
Streets, -Highways and Squares, ■ the
Board of Nev%.City ; Hall , Commission
ers, arid all commissions in existence at
the time > this ; Charter goes ■ into effect
for ; the opening, ; extending, ■;. widening.
narrowing, straightening, v- closing &or
changing ■ the \ grades of > streets, and all
I other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, couns,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th«s
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, Steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front ot
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Foard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of thu
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County ana
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
6. Of' the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County r
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed tc
open or tear u^ sa.d street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall ct the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place oi
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts f r the doing cf sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has beer
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County foi
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property oi
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac-
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California, If the expense of such
work has been 1 s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus snail con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and It shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su- |
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and .surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and conr
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
; ors. No street assessment shall be val
iid without his certificate as to the
! quantities and unless it be to the effect
j that the work has been done to the of
! ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
! clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
! fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
! change and adjust the same. Said En
: gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
■ official act or service demanded of him,
i and such moneys thus paid shall be
! paid to the Treasurer and credited by
; him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
| necessary heads of departments under
i its charge. Each such head shall have
; the sole executive control in his own
l department, subject to the rules and
! regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
i by the Supervisors to be done under the
i supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases In the matter
of the letting of contracts by- said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid Is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding: and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid^shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the . hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
| thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
j to, award the contract to the lowest
; bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in n re
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or. in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a. written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.l
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which It shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by nil the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any.
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept In the office
of the Board, and the other with said
.specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability^n all
bonds on which he is surety to tlwCity
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
lir»ouent.
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memocrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein,
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by hh,. under said contract:
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, chall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and ti»o Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private, property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or- nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approv : of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the maJcing of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or cro. ing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying: the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next. • preceding 1 fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated impro-vement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all. of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the nn?sage of said
resolution, its date. and. briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec, 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pro: rty fronting
on said proposed work or Improvement,
and, In case of a district, hose owningmore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written ;
objeciioi.s to the same within ten days j
aver the expiration of the time of the j
publication ol said resolution <>;' inten-
Uon, which objections shah be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the ;
date of its reception by him. Such ob-
Jectlons shaii be a bar tor six months
to any further proceedings In relation .
to the doing ot said work or making |
said improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall \
meanwhile petition for the same to be j
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds >•'■ the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall ;
make written objections to the i
same within said six months, no fur
the^proceedings shall be taken under
the Aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to b« done is the construction of i
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess- i
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore- j
said, the Hoard shall, at Its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing^ raid objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon i
notify the persons ma&ing such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the <"ity and County, j
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
Objector or his agent when he appears j
for such objector. At the time sped- '
fled the Board shall hear tlv objections
urged, ami pass upon the same* ami its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and if said objections are-overruled the !
proceedings shall be continued as i
thouph no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed. all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who. after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution (
of Intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro- I
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they ■
shall state in what respect they feel |
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which ;
they object. Such petition or remon- >
strar.ee shall be passed upon by the j
Board, and its derision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement hi the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the i
expense of such work or improvement !
be made chargeable upon a district, !
and said Board shall in its res- |
olution of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to i
be benefited by said work or improve- |
ment may be made by any interested i
party, in writing, within ten days af- i
ter the expiration of the time of pub- j
licatioii <>f the resolution of intention. !
The Secretary of the Board shall lay j
said objections before it and the Board i
shall, at Its next meeting, fix a time I
for hearing said objections not less |
than one week thereafter. The Secre- I
tary shall thereupon notify the persons I
making such objections by depositing j
a notice thereof In the Post Office at the '
City and County, postage prepaid, ad- j
dressed to e;u-h objector. At the time j
specified the Board shall hear the ob- j
Jections urged and pans upon the same, j
and if said objections are overruled, its !
decision shall be final and conclusive i
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, th<»
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries j
of which objections may be made and i
a hearing had thereon as above pro- j
vided: ai.d <=v on in like manner until:
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob- !
jections shall be overruled by the Board j
— its decision in that behalf to be final I
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro- i
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall aecompan\ its report with a dia- j
gram on which shall be delineated each |
separate lot, piece or parcel of land, \
the area in square feet of each of such j
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the!
relative location of the same to th« |
work or improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be !
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Bee. 6. When the work under any i
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the j
office of the Board of Public Works i
an affidavit to the effect that he has I
not entered into any private agret- |
ment, verbal or written, with any per- |
son liable to be assessed for said work, i
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement |
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and j
shall make vuid, as to such persons so ]
defrauded, any assessment made for I
the work done under such contract; and j
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such afn
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work in or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the ;
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to I
cover the sum due for the work per- I
formed and specified in said contract •
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and j
character of the work. The assessment
Shall briefly refer to the contract, the j
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as- i
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if j
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word '"unknown" shall be written
Opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number i
of each lot assessed, and shall have at- j
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to coi* |
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment. and showing the number of I
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall i
not Invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls i
in part upon any person, company or j
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has |
been done, said assessment shall in- |
elude an assessment against said per- I
sen. company or corporation, for its i
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall* constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ins the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Bee 8. The c.x; ense of all work or
improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or j
Courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First. — TheClty find County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of a!l work done on streets, cross
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b. Of all work done in front Ofc prj
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.'
c. Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.;' ryj
Second.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs, thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included" in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
haVing tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot 'sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if i^ does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, if It does
not meet another, and Uie other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for ' one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width- and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, . may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the, Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed "its resolution of intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his "or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them in said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which I any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract j must express the
price by tb,e cubic yard for cutting, and
filling in grading, and such ; owner {or
owners, and his or their successors in
interest, shall be entitled to credit on the
I assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the : cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the ; prices named in the contract- for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally ss > changed,
only for so much of said certified .work
as would be required for grading to the
j grade as chang-d. ; v Such owner or
! owners > shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon ' the ■ lots
j and land owned by him or them, ' and
I proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. i The Board shall in
clude in the ■ assessment " for ? the* whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards •of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the ; whole of said c grading -, to the
changed grade so much of , said certi
fied * work as would be :- required . for
grading thereto, and shall enter^corre-^
CHAKTER FOR THE CITY AKD COUNTY- OF SAN FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting v the same j part, ; and the amount thereof. : There
as payments upon the amounts assessed j upon i the . Secretary of the • Board ' shall
against the lots and lands - owned . re- j record the return so made the mar
spectively. by said certified owners : and i gin of \ the record of the warrant and
their successors in interest; but he assessment. ■ : ,* ' . :i ;
shall not include : any ; grading quanti- : The Board can at any time receive
; ties or credit any sums in excess of the the ; ; amount due upon ; any assessment
proportionate assessments for the i and warrant issued by it -i and give a
whole of the grading ; which are made | good and sufficient discharge : therefor;
upon any lots and lands fronting upon j but no such payment so made after
said street and belonging to : any ' such ! suit has been commenced shall operate,
certified owners ; or their successors "in i without, the consent of the plaintiff , in
interest. When ■ any. owner *or " owners j the action, as a complete discharge »of
of any lots and lands fronting on any the lie n : until ' the costs in the 7, action
street shall have heretofore . done, '1 or shall -be refunded to the plaintiff. <; ;'
! shall hereafter do any > work,' except The Board; may release any assess
grading, on such street, in front of any ment upon the books of its > office ;on
block, at his or their own expense, and tne Payment to it of the amount of the
the Supervisors shall subsequently or- assessment .with interest against any
der any work to be done of the same lot or on ; the : production to -it*: of the
1 class in front of the same block, the receipt of the party or his assigns to
work so done at the expense of such whom the assessment and warrant
owner or owners shall be excepted were issued. If any contractor shall
from the order ordering work to be fail to return his warrant within the
done, as provided in subdivision ten of time and in the form provided in this
this section; but the work so done at section he shall thenceforth have no
the expense of such owner or owners lien upon the property assessed; but if
shall be upon the official grade, and in any wai 'rant is lost, upon proof of such
condition satisfactory to the Board of lo ?. s a duplicate may be issued, upon
Public Works at the time said order is wnich a return may be made with, the
passed . '•■■• same effect as if the original had been
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub- so 'returned. After the return of the
lie Works may include in the resolu- assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
tion of Intention any of the different }} am °unts remaining due • thereon
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap- shall draw interest at the rate of seven
ter, and it may except therefrom any P e if centum per annum until paid.
of said work already done upon' the . - faec 14 - ; The owners, whether named
street to the official grade. The lots in the assessment or not, the contrac
and portions of lots fronting upon said tor or his assigns, and all other per
accepted work already done shall not sons directly interested in any r work
be included in the frontage assessment Provided for in this Chapter, or in the
for the class of work from which the j assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
exception is made; but this shall not actor determination of the Board of
be construed so as to affect the special j Public Works in relation thereto, or
provisions as to grading contained in who claim that the work has not been
subdivision nine of this section. performed according to the contract in
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso- a good and substantial manner, or
lution of intention declares that the having or making any objection to the
expense of the work and improvement j correctness or legality of the assess
is to be assessed upon a district, im- I ment or other act, determination, or
mediately after the contractor has ful- | proceedings of the Board, shall, within
filled his contract to the satisfaction i thirty days after the date of the war
of the Board of Public Works, or to i rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on | briefly stating their objections in .writ
appeal, the Board of Public Works |In and filing the same with the Clerk
shall proceed to estimate upon the |of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
lands, lots, or portions of lots within and place of the hearing, briefly re
i said assessment district, as shown by | erring to the work contracted to be
j the diagram provided for in section five | done,' or other subject of appeal, and
of this Chapter, the benefits arising to the acts, determinations or proceed
from such work, and to be received ings objected to or complained of, shall
by each such lot, portion of such lot, be published for five days. Upon such
piece or subdivision of land, and J appeal the Supervisors may J ,remedy
shall thereupon assess upon, and i and correct any error or informality
against said lands in said assessment in the proceedings, and revise and cor
| district the total amount of the ex- rect any of the acts or determinations
pense of such proposed work, and in of the Board relative to said work,
so doing shall assess said total sum may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots, modify or correct the assessment iin
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of such manner as to them shall seem
land in said district benefited thereby. Just; and require the work to be com
to wit: Upon each respectively in pleted according to the directions of
proportion to the estimated benefits j the Supervisors, and may at their op
to be received by. each of said several i tion direct the Board of. Public .Works
I lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of to correct the warrant, assessment or
l land. In other respects the assessment diagram in any particular, or to make
shall be as provided in this Chapter. an issue a new warrant, assessment
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be and diagram to conform to the decl
any street work or improvement done, sions of the Supervisors in relation
and none of the methods hereinbefore thereto, .
provided are legally sufficient to au- A ll the decisions and determinations
\ thorize the Board of Public Works to of the Supervisors, upon notice and
make an assessment to pay for the ex- j hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
pense thereof, then said Board shall, ( conclusive upon all persons entitled to
before it passes a resolution of its in- appeal under the provisions of this
tention to recommend the ordering of action, as to all errors, informalities
said 'work or improvement, establish , and irregularities, which the Supervis
j by resolution a method by means Of i m m , have remedied and avoided;'
which such ass-ssment shall be made; and no assesS ment shall be held in
and on the completion of the work or j valid except upon appeal to the Su
improvement to the satisfaction of said | pervlsorS( ag provi ded in this section.
Board, or to the satisfaction of the for prror informality or, other
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall defect n th proceedings prior to the
make an assessment to pay the ex- aßsessme nt. or in the assessment it
pense thereof according to the method self, where the Bonrd of Public Works
eS S! i n e % b n y mm a king eS a°l 1 l U^s n ce S sments %L?"* l«*l «* ****«<>* tO make the
the Board of Public Works shall act , • p - 15 M any time after the period
as a Board, and the assessment shall ■ nf thirty . fly d . lv « from the day of the
be authenticated by the signatures of J^l t> fly. agntr .n^ **«£*
Sec 1^ To slid asles'sment shall be has been taken to the Supervisor* then.
♦ f i, a « «.f^»n^ Jf-wUi, «hoii h! at any time after five days from the
possess mmsmji
By" virtue hereof the Board of Pub- thirty-five days from the date,: of th*
Ho Worl-, of the City and Pountv of warrant, the contractor or his assignee
San^Francisco by the authority vested may *™ inh 's own name the owner or
in ?t rfops authorize and emDower the mortgagee of the land.-lots, orpor
£aSV orcbSSSto?) "(hS 1 or^nelrj tion.; of
agents, or assigns, to demand and re- the date of the recording : or the *ar
celve the several assessments upon the rant asFe.ssment an d^ d'W™:^ «.«*
assessment and diagram hereto at- day^thereaftw, dnrins the mttan c
SS §8»s8 »sr c <h " or thelr> 5£ a? && a °rp?rrS£
(Date) . (Name of President of remaining unpaid, with interest' there-
Board of Public Works.) on at the rate of seven per centum per
Countersigned by (Name of Secre- annum until paid. ,v .: •
tary of Board of Public Works.) In 1 all cases of recovery under the j
Said warrant, assessment and dla- | provisions of this Chapter, the plain
gram shall be recorded in the office of tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
the Board. When so recorded the sev-- lars in addition to the taxable > costs,
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien as attorney's fees, but not- any percent
upen the lands, lots, or portions of lots age upon said recovery. When suit has I
assessed, respectively for the period or ! been brought, after a personal demand
two years from the date of said record- | has been made and a refusal to .pay
ing, unless sooner discharged; and j such assessment so ' demanded. ' the
I from and after the date of said record- plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
ing of any warrant, assessment find and recover said sum of fifteen -dollars
diagram, all persons interested In said as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
ausdipment shall be deemed to have no- able costs, notwithstanding that the
tice of the contents of the record suit may be settled or a tender be
thereof. . \ made before a recovery in said action,
After said warrant, assessment and and he may have judgment therefor, ■
diagram are recorded, the same shall ; Said warrant, assessment and dia
hi delivered to the , contractor, or his gram, with the affidavit of demand and
agent or assigns, on demand, but not non-payment, shall be held prima: facie
until after the payment to the Board evidence of the regularity and correct
of the incidental expenses not previ- ness of the assessment and of the prior
ously paid by the contractor or his as- proceedings and acts of ; the' Board of
signs. By virtue of said warrant said Public Works and of the : Supervisors
conti actor, or his agents or assigns, upon which said warrant, "assessment
shall be authorized to demand and re- and diagram are based, and like evidence
celve the amount of the several assess- of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
nients made to cover the sum due for the action. The Court in. which said suit
the work specified in such contracts shall be commenced shall have power
and assessments. to adjudge and decree a : lien against
When it shall appear by the final the lots of land assessed, and order
judgment of any court in this State such premises to be sold on execution
having jurisdiction to render such judg- as \ n other cases of the : sale of real
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose estate by the process of said Courts,
the lien of ; any assessment for street jj n a ll actions brought to enforce the
work made under this Chapter, or in en of assessments made pursuant *to
the recording thereof, has been defeated | the provisions of this Chapter the pro
b/ reason of any defect, error, ; inf or- j dinKS therein shall be ■ governed and
mality, omission, Irregularity, or il!e- ! regulated by the provisions: rr * of • -this j
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re- chapter, and when not in conflict here
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to w)th by the Codes of this State. :, • ,
any such. assessment, or in the record- Sec . 16 . when any port of th«»
ing of any such warrant, any person in- roadway of a ny street avenue lane al
! tercsied therein may, at any time with- K?'?oit or place or Iny Gordon of
in seven months after the entry of said * e> ' £ a °£ V the CiSr and - County
final judgment, apply to tho Board for 'n"ne of which has been by the
archer assessment to be issued In con- ! Supervisors as in this Chapter provided.
*vlth\i sxtv days after the tinTe f shall be co out of re P alr as t0 endan^r
i s^dappl cation 'makelndfleHve? to P^ on f orproperty posing thereon,, or
I said applicant a new assessment, dia- so to interfere with the public con
gram and warrant in accordance with v en » e " c . e *" th « us e ,t, t , he l^' n£l &
law, and sign, record and authenticate of .Public Works **** 1 } require the own
the same as above provided. Such as- f « or occupants of ■ lots or portions .of
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots ] is fronting on said portion of said
of land set out therein for the period of street,^avenue, alley, lane, court v or
two years from the date of ! its record- lace - by a notice in writing, ;to be de
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce .Hvered- to them or their agents per
said lien as provided in this Chapter, sonally, to repair forthwith said por
! Should such final judgment be that of i tion of said street,: avenue, lane, alley,
! the Superior Court : for the City and j court or place, to the center line there-
County.and an apDeal, therefrom to the I of, in i front of ? the property of which
Supreme Court of the State has been he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant,
taken, :■ no such other assessment shall The Board shall ■■ particularly •; specify
be made until said appeal has" been de- In said notice what work is required to
termined. • ibe I done and what material shall ". be
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as- used in said repairs. If said repairs be
signs, or some person on his or their not begun within' five: days after notice
behalf, shall call upon the . persons as- given as aforesaid, and diligently; and
sessed, or their agents, if they can con- without interruption •%? prosecuted **; to
veniently be found, c and demand . pay- completion, the Board may make such
ment of the amount assessed to each, repairs,- or enter into: a contract i with
llf any payment \be ; made, the contrac- any ; suitable person, at the : expense of
tor,' his : assigns, °or some person :on his the ■ owner, * tenant, or i occupant, after
or their - behalf ,*; shall ' receipt the same the specifications I for] the 'doing \ of^said
upon the assessment 1 in the V presence work shall have been v' conspicuously
jof the . person making such payment, posted by it in its office for three days;
and shall also give a receipt if demand- Inviting bids for the doing of said work,
cd. ' " When the persons so assessed, or | Said bids shall be delivered to it at Its
their , agents, v cannot ; conveniently :. be office on or before the second day after
found or when the i owner of the lot is the completion of said ' posting T; and
I stated as "unknown" upon the assess- opened by it on the next day follow
ment, then said contractor or I his as- ing; whereupon - the contract \ shall *be
signs, or some person on his or their awarded to the lowest responsible bid
j behalf, shall publicly demand payment der. -V ■'':■ ' : '.■-■ : /)-"'J.:: : '■•
on the premises assessed. .. , All of said -bids shall be preserved In
~ The warrant shall be ; returned to the the X office ; of the i Board, and shall b»»
Board of Public Works within >: thirty j open ■; at -all > times after the ," letting" of
I days after its date with a return indors- j the contract; to the ? inspection of all
ed thereon, signed by the contractor, or | persons; and such" owner, tenant, or oc
his 7 assigns, or some : person on ■ his %or cupant. shall be liable to : pay said con
their behalf, ; verified i upon \ oath, stat- tract price: Such i work s shall^be, com
ing the nature and character of the de- menced I within % twentyrf our hours af
mand, and whether any of the assess- ter the contract shall have been signed, 1
J^ents remain unpaid In wh,ole or - Inland completed without delay to the sat-
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be not paid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amoun* so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse~3ion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid a:.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa 'ment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records Itept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may bp used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, arrd is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the. same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or Water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing .a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged In said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by, the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, cnmpanv,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall Invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the Improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for In the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose ' grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
ar&ins, sidewalks and curba.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertisinj the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet In width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for Its approval, and If the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board Bhall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to (ime, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the Dro
! visions of the preceding section, and of
; the delivery thereof, which books shall
! at all times show the amount of said
; material and supplies on hand and in
| store, and when, to whom, and for
' wLat purpose each article was deliver
1 cd. He shall be responsible for all ma
jterial and supplies in said lard, and
1 shall not deliver any article e»cept
.said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
: date of such delivery and the amount
; and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
! counts or for the delivery of any ar
; tide without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon I his
i official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
I blocks or other material with *J\ich
any street or portion of a street may
I have been paved or planked shall, it at
!any time removed from said street.
: be taken to said Yard, and there kept
accounted for and disposed of ny tne
'< Storekeeper in the same mamner as
| other supplies.
CHAPTER HI-
! Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
! shall be made to the Board °f Public
I Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for tne
laying out, establishing or opening or
i a new street, signed by tne
owners of a majority of tne
! frontage of the lands upon the line
i of said street, or proposed street, ana
| such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
I which will be affected by, and should
j be assessed for, the expense of such im-
p rovement. No proceedings shall be
i had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
; which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
j the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
i the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value or
I said property— including improvements
| thereon— estimating said value accord
i ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing tha
I amount at which the same was as-
I sessed upon the last preceding Assess
i ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
i petition, the Board shall pass a reso
j lution of its intention to recommend
| such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
! trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lots
! of land which are to be taken for such
j improvement, and showing the name of
| the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book:
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
I said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially repori
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed,
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon -said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessYnent and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said land 3, and ths
collection of said alsessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement
After said survey and map are made
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public -use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation batween in-* value of said lot in its en
tirety nnd Its value as reduced in sice
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
Of the lane takon, with the improve- ;
ments, If any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. 8. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, th*e Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nee- ;
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time of
said inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
ciuif.] to the same by reason of such
intended improvement, and the Board
shall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of ull
the lands and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and land^.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion ami assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persona interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right t>> be present and be heard in '
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said Improvement, or that .
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, tv file with '
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, ami said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission- .
eiP. and every assessment nnd valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prime facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
Such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of th^ property which is taken for said
improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, >t to any inter
est therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, .if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement.
Bee. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and- map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board j
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
up in the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying f>>r a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the v<^lue thereof as ascertained by
paid report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not l^ss than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
Uir hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order Raid Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
shall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in
said report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
said improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
judgment. Said lien shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Fee. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from paid judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
Faid Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall he made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
puch appeal the Judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, Judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine paid appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take Buch proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made In accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
FRid report, if the time for appealing
hap expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall Issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded In the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said.
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to j
collect the said assessment. The Tax i
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty |
days after said assessment, certificate j
and warrant shall have been delivered j
to him, give notice in the official news- i
paper by ten days' publication therein j
that he will, on a day and time certain, j
to be not more than ten days after the j
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess- j
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ- j
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to- |
gether with the amount of the assess- j
ment and costs due on each, and shall j
include as part of said costs live per I
centum on the amount due on each as- \
pessment so delinquent, as and for the •
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from ,
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain ,
in the hands of the Tax Collector i
as a result of the collection of said as
■rsmiH 111 beyond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenur-s of said sale, ,
such surplus'slmll be paid by him pro- i
portionately to those whose land has j
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the j
amount of said assessment has been j
collected and paid into the treasury, I
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in |
said judgment as the compensation for {
the land? to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
celve compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
■aid person the amount awarded for i
said lot by said judgment of condemna- j
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the titlo to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to [
the amount awarded as compensation j
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by i
order of the Supervisors drawn by the- i
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed |
thereon that the said warrant has been i
registered by him and that there an* !
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of the said Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against ah parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
dieting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
'has been audited by 'the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
he provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex- ;
ecute to said City and County and de- :
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
tak^n or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
: take the oath of office required of paid
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, nn the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Work?, change the erade of
, any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out to
such recommendation; but no grads
'. shall be changed unless the same pro
, ceedings are taken by way of provid
. ing compensation to those whn may
suffer damage by such change of
: grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Eiper
visors. ___
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
I Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
■ tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
• to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
1 location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
i said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
i or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
', and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
j vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
i Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
; approval of the Supervisors, agree with
j the owners of any real estate, upon
{ which It is deemed desirable to con-
I struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon !
the amount of damage to ; be paid to '
such owners for the purpose of t such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for | said purpose. jj
Sec. 8. The Board^may, .when au- i
thorized by ordinance or the Supervis
ors passed by not less than f ourteeen i
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works; as ;
may be necessary to carry out the gen- •
eral system of sewerage for the - City j
and County. ■ ■
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri- '•
vate property, and the Board is unable i
to agree with the owner, thereof, upon !
the amount of compensation " or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such !
owner is in any way incapable of mak- ;
ing any agreement in reference thereto, j
and in all cases in which the Beard .
shall deem it most expedient, it shall, |
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to [
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings \ for the |
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica- ;
ble, which is provided in this Article for ,
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new (
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong" or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or' repair of - public build- i
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har- '
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges,, tolls, dockage or \
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall I not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
, — : ♦ _
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Hoard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be tour years. Those first
appointed shall «o classify themselves
by kit that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The -Board shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thtreon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER li.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
: fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
1 sons as may be necessary to carry into
I effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
1 and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any s person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitneSß
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for thp
I government and efficiency of the
; schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the nges of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
'. employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony In such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on "lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold In
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Census
! Marshals, and notify the Suoerintend
ent of Common ho< Is of Buch appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Snould the Board fail or neglect tc flli
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d-ities of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
mon Schools.
, 8. To sue In the name of the City and
County for lots, lands arid property be- i :
longing to or claimed by the School j ;
Department. To prosecute and defend j
all actions at law or special proceedings i i
Ot suits in equity conceding the PTJjoj- i
ment and possession cf such lots, b_ds
and property. To require the sen ices j
of the City Attorney in all actions;. !
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education. I
9. To establish regulations for the i
disbursement of all moneys belonging j
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
Strict accountability in the expenditure i
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay- '
ment, on not later than the fifth day of i
every month, of all salaries due and al- '
lowed officers, teachers and other em- i
ployees of the School Department. For :
this purpose the Auditor shall annually i
segregate so much of the Common 1
School Fund as shall not exceed twen- |
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public !
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the ,
payment of any demand against such :
Common School Fund during any fiscal j
year other than for salaries, until all ,
salaries for that fiscal year have been I
fully paid or provided for. The Board j
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au- I
ditor on or before the first Monday in |
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol- ;
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by j
the "Secretary, of its approval by the!
Board of Education, showing the j
date thereof, and the law authoriz-
Ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of 1
the School Department entitled to ;
a salary therefrom shall receive a I
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the !
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec- :
I retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee i
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited, i
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not !
later than the third day of every month !
j for comparison with the individual sal- '
I ary warrants issued in the manner |
I above provided: but payments shall be
i made only on the individual warrants
I issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi- :
! ble bidder, for the benefit of th^ Com- ;
| mon School Fund, for a term not ex- ',
I ceeding twenty years, any real property j
of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall !
be made except after advertisement for '
bids for at least fifteen days in the offl- !
cial newspaper and by an affirmative [
! vote of at least three members of the |
; Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
Oir money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school
library: to carry into effect the terms
of any bequest not in conflict with the
general laws or this Charter; and to sell
: such personal property as shall no
longer be required for ue s in the
schools. All moneys realized by such
pales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
i School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be- ;
1 fore the first day of May! make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating In clear and explicit ,
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
delivered, and shall invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter [
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
. vertising for proposals, the affidavit |
and 'security accompanying the same, j
the presentation and opening of propo- j
sals, the awarding of contracts and the j
security for the performance thereof, :
shall, so far as the same can be made i
j applicable, apply to all proposals and :
j contracts made, awarded or entered
, into for furnishing supplies to the *
I School Department. Any contract made i
; ii\ violation of any provision of this j
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal '
year, stating the number of schools !
within its Jurisdiction, the length of '
time they have been kept open, the !
number of pupils tautrht in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
j ers, the dates of their appointments
I and the character of the certificates '
held by them, the amount of money
dmwa from the treasury by the De- !
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been |
expended, with particulars, and such !
other information as may be required !
by the State Superintendent, the Super- |
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the i
first and twenty-first days of May of i
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries \
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
■teachers and all employees of the
; School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
' Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a '
member of the Board of Education, I
without the right to vote. He shall re- j
' ceive an annual salary of four thousand i
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap- !
point four Deputy Superintendents, j
The number of such deputies shall not ;
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent [
; shall appoint one additional deputy, '
I and thereafter he shall appoint one i
deputy for each additional eight '
thousand children in average daily '
attendance. If from any cause a ;
i vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy j
' Superintendent, such vacancy shall be i
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin- !
I tendent shall appoint two for two j
years and two for four years. All I
i Deputy Superintendents subsequently '
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful expert- i
ence as teachers, and shall have been ;
residents of the City and County at !
least five years preceding their ap- !
I pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im- '
! posed by the general laws of the State, '
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
: and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed I
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
i tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
1 times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
I progress df the public schools of the
I City and County during the fiscal year.
j with such recommendations as he may
! deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
| vancement of education In the City and
i Countf, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from gTade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex- '
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency.
watch will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram- ;
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar ,
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorise the holder to teach any j
primary or grammar school in the City !
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade, i
valid for two years, which shall au- >
thorize the holder to teach any primary |
school In the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and |
the Board shall thereupon issue to the :
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such !
special studies'as may be authorized by i
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to j
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre- i
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of j
City certificates and the renewal |
thereof, in the manner provided for the ■
granting and renewal of County cer- i
tlficates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of ;
April in each year, report to the Super- i
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public j
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for :
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors. Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or ,'»eat calamity, such _ disaster from
firtv riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the ,
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors, :
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided fpr in
this Charter, for'he repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate nudi ex
penditures, and provido for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun>
*>'• _____
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality in
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
! Ed, the Board of Public Works shall
! notify the Board of Education to ex-
I amine the same, and if it has been
, built In accordance with the plans and
1 specifications and within the estimated
i cost thereof, the Board of Education
| shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house, build
i ing, fence or other property belonging
' to, or connected with, or under the
' control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv-
I ing, the Board shall notify the
i Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
' shall cau?e the same to be done forth
! with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
j ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
I otherwise the Board of Public Works
I shall submit plans, specifications and
I estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
i cation for its approvaJ, and if approved
| as provided in section one of this Chap
! ter, the Board of Public Works shall
; cause the same to be done, and if done
! in accordance with the plans and speci
i flcatlons. and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall. b»
' paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When It is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
I adjacent property of equal size and
i similarly situated. Any school butld
i ing hereafter constructed shall have a
! clear space of at least ten feet around
! the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtoe of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms In office at the time thlsjChar
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Rooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing: real and -ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each erne
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax.
together with . all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
Into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Libra ry
and Reading Rooms. In accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, mono", receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rrenms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre-
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary' subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub- ,
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay- ;
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants: '
and. with the approval of the Super- !
visors, expressed by ordinance, to !
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may bp necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
ard branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the !
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may ]
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the upe. either in whoje or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining: a building or I
buildings thereon to be u.«ed for the |
Library and Reading Rooms, or '
branches thereof, and may appropriate. ■
the whole or any portion of any public !
building belonging to the City and !
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organisation.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age,
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
Bt&tefl Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall.receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
, missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
! appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
j number President, who shall hold such
! office for one year. The Board shall
I appoint a Secretary, who Bhall receive
ian annual salary of fifteen hundred
[ dollars. The sessions of the Board
I shall be public, except that executive
, sessions may be- held whenever deemed
: proper by the Board. The Board shall
: meet at least once a week in the rooms
I of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
; Board may select. The Secretary must
', keep minutes of its proceedings; and
■ in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall Ije en
tered therein.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Polic*
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
! peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
;is conducted in a disorderly or im
; proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
] the business of selling liquor. If the
' Board refuse to grant such permit, or
i propose to revoke any permit that has
| been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
! be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
: of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
: granted for more than three months at
i one time, and they shall distinctly state
, the name of the person to wnom the
' same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject t<> inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
i plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
: days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restltu
: tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the" Property
Clerk, and to dirdfct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules amd regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. Th*
I Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
j documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years.' He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall hare control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
jpther orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In casa or his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
in such case he shall make known to
I such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at hia
i pleasure members of the Department to
1 act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
i Said Chief Clerk and said Property
! Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
| ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
' contingent expenses of the Department,
1 as in his judgment shall be for the best
I interest of the City and County, to be
> paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
I Supervisors for such contingent fund in
! the annual tax levy. The Commission
1 ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
! penses of the Police Department, upon
' orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
' auctioneers and intelligence office keep
• ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings must first procure permits from the
j Commissioners. In the exercise of such
! power the Chief may by authority In
i writing from time to time empower
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
' obtained or in search of suspected of
! fenders, or in search of evidence to con
; vict any person charged with crime, to
' examine the books and the premises of
: any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
■ Police, may examine property alleged
' to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
i ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION L Subordinate offlcCTß «tthe Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four
dollars. _
Sec 2 There shall he one Captain
for each one hundred police officers
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Bee 3 There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
tles Of tilt- Lieutenants shall be denned
by the rules and regulations of the-
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Sec 4. There shall be as many Ser
— as in tlv> Judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ton ponce
a The duties of Sergeants shall
l i ned by the rules and regulations
Commissioners, the orders of the
CM f of P ■■ tn " orders of their
• ; V , Capti Ins and Lieutenants.
S. c. 5. There shall be as many Cor
ii the judgmeni 'if the Com
missioners may be advisable. The du
ti< sof Corporals shall be denned b the
ilations of the Commis
sioners. the orders i f the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Capta Mains and Sergeants.
Bee. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the ! Bt as he may select, not
to .-. ■; twenty-five. He shall desig
iptain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
In of Detectives, arc! his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and b> the Chief of Police. The
iers so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
of paid Detective Serjeants shall
ye an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
' by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
Chief of Police, and by the orders
" • Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County -hall not exceed one
Police Officer f<>r each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
c an annual salary of twelve hun
dr< 6 and twenty-four dollars.
>•■'■. 2. Every Police Officer shall.
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the persdn of such offender, and take
him all property and weapons,
ar.'l forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION L All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
merltorio-us public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment: but no fine shall ever b^ imposed
nt any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
Bhall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of, and
after such reasonable notice to him of
th* time and p!ace of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
!ne to appear personally and by coun
sel: to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance .if all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
BECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
Btolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in-
Bane persons, or other persona incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come into the
possession or custody of a.ny member
nf the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of .the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Pron
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
P.o<,-k, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
frfi-n any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but nr.-t to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
henring the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
the Property Cl Pr k for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the offlci.nl
newspaper: and the proceeds of such
sale shall b? raid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
has -eased. The proceeds of property
taken from insane persons shnll not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
time the same is paid into tho treasury
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police Bhall. during such period
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Bee 1. Tf ;mv property or money in
the custody of the Property C!e*-k be re
quired as evidence In any Court, it
shall be delivered to any 'officer who
shall present an order in writing to
(hat effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for Ihe safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Bee E. All valuables and money in
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer In such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
us may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
police, shall continue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go Into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
1 force and make effectual pensions
already existing In favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors In office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicjans appointed
by the Coxnmissioaeus for thai pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, inlirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. ?.. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to th«: rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
i occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
, attached to the position held by their
' father at the time of his death, until
i the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third — Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
deceased member and paid into the Re
: lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
• any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
, force compliance therewith on the part
'of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
: annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
! President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
: amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public reo
> ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
, quarterly meeting send to the Treas
! urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of puch
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
; as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
i Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
i be audited and ordered paid by him
i out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
I powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
i appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
Its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
i any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commls
; sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is ma.de. direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
mn.lt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereor.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mom
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
carrying: concealed weapons.
CHAKTEB FOU THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAIN FKANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shah
be forthwith paid into the Police Reliel
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. "When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shaW be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
eac h year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors In their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management <>f a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayer, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as tec consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the tire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all Its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years f.-f age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
thorn for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
Imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department excr-pt
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
! Charter. In so doing the Board shall
! make its appointments of officers and
j members from the persons constituting
i the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
[ into effect. Such officers and members
[ shall not be required to pass any Civil
j Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made In the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shail be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while !n the actual
performance of his duty therein so v
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during: the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11. Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief-Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of th«
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report in writing thereon at least ones
a month to the Board and make such
I recommendations and suggestions re
j specting the same as he may deem
j proper. In the absence or Inability ot
; the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
, Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
I absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
, or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for
i the purpose of checking the progress ot
| such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
! gine Company shall be composed of not
j more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
| Each Hook and Ladder Company
■ shall be composed of not more than ono
I Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
j one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
I Each Chemical Engine Company shall
i be composed of not more than one Cap
; tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
| one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
> composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer", two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may b«
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marsh.il shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof
Sec. 2. The Fire Marsha! or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may o^cur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. "3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire' Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the I
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The I
Fire Marshal shall also have the care '
of, and may sell, subject to the orders I
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER yi.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION l. in order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby cveated to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the ape of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
s' 11 " /^all receive from the Firemen's
Kellef Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
y ,? R hls retlr ement. and the same
shall cease at his death.
Bee. 4. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
; disabled by reason of any bodily in
; jury received in the performance of his
j duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
; and the cause thereof, accompanied by
1 a certificate signed by the Chief of the
j Fire Department, the Captain of the
i Company to. which he belongs, and by
j two regularly certificated physicians of
i the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sfcc. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p asion equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the, age of sixteen
years.
Third — Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
| receive a pension equal to one-half the
' salary attached to the position held by
i the decedent at the time of his death
i during such time as the Commissioners
■ may unanimously determine its neces
; sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
j who shall be convicted of felony, or
i who shall become dissipated, an habit
j ual drunkard, or who shall become a
■ non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
; rules and regulations to carry out the
! provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
| nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
i ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
tor what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pensjon
1 Fund Commissioners shall possess th-»
I powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
| appoint a S<^retarj- and provide for
i the payment from said Fund of all its
| necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
! dollars for any one month, Including
| the salary of the Secretary and print
ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER Yin.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
| ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers. Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars: Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment ehall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
| forcing all the rules, regulations, or*
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision or elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the publlo
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of.
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
thfir duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint a
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary- They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an apDeal
to. and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in- private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to in
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ABTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all /natters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must
immediately after their appointment so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Roard at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first anpoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, as the case may be. at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be I
such third nartv. and if not. then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Tpon the j
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the annointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal renresentation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Pec. 2: No member of the ''toard. nor
■Registrar, nor Denutv Registrar shill.
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention tho mirpose of whlrh
is to nominate candidates -for office:
nor be elicrlble to any other municipal
o*nee diirincr the term for which he
shall hive hf>en anoointed. or f nr one
year thereafter; nor act us officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take p«rt 1i any election except to
vote and when nctir.g as Flection Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
panize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of fai ur©
to agree he shall be selected by lot.
He shall' hold office for one year and
until his successor is '^" a^- Tn «
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Hoard, and shall keep a record of
its proceeding, and shair execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
ye |ec 4 The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for tne
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate tne
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants sha 1 not
be extended except by like resolution oT
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to tne
provisions of Article XIII of tni»
Charter. .
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER IL \MSM.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elecied as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as tha
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
l inal construction or condemnation, of
I public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util-
I ities in order that the electors shall
! have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, aa
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Tho
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such pror>osl-
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted- but in
case the votes cast In favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re~
.■c> ted.
<othing in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors fnun responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding tit once, without the submission |
of propositions to the electors as afore- |
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same as»
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac« i
quire the same in the manner herein- !
after provided. I
Bee 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid '
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall:
be iawi'ul to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
n BUch verms.
In case, however, the cost of such
publir Utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
i'f, a:~ to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
n itting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
si thereon, and whether such bonded
Indebtedness shall be incurred. At
two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
oonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
3hall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
In section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
n< wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting erf
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
i'.dji urned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
phnll be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public,
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
a< quisition of the same as set forth in
BUCh ordinance-. No question oth^r
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. S. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and : for which the indebted
ness ;? proposed to be incurred, the es
tltnated cost of the prr-posed public
utility, the necessity for th" acquisition
"f the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
•if rh-' cost of the same as in such or-,
dfnance set forth iif the proposition be
■ ted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall he held, thr> manner of holding
su<-h election, and tho mannpr of voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections ,
in tho City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lish, -il daily for at least ten days in the
! newspaper. At the expiration
of paid ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
t!i;>n two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to- be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
Utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed valu<»
uf all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Bee "11. Thf bonds tssupd under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds In what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
tlr* smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
ns the Supervisors may determine.
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and In such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
be Bold for cosh in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the ri^ht to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their Issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remMns, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
' Sec. 12. Such bonds shall 'be signer!
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
fhall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and signed by the Treasurer,
'■'■■'} the hon^i and coupons . shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer.
Soo. 13. At the- time of levying the
rtnnleJ-nai tax and in the manner pro
■'">•'! for su^h tax lew. the Super
visors «p"U levy and' collect annually
a. tax sufficient to pay the annual In
terest on such bonds, and also the
. proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purpose^, and shall be collected at the
same time nil in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.-.
Bee. A neoleot or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of th's Article shall con-
BtUute cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
I shall appoint three persons, known by
I him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
; for three years. Each year thereafter
I the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
'■ pires in that year, to serve as such
; Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
i more than one Commissioner shall at
i any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annuai salary of
• twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
I the City and County mentioned in sec
! tion eleven of this Article, with refer
' ence to the examinations hereinafter
' provided for. The places so classified
j by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
i cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners snail
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which Will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. *v Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com-
Isioners shall prepare a register for
l grade or class of positions in the
sified service of the City and
nty of the persons whose general
•age standing upon examination for
i grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governingXhe same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the period of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the pn
proval of the Commissioners, maks
temporary appointments, to remain in
force' not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Eloction Com
missioners, the Board of Health and alt
boards or denartments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said or
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier»of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief-
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Works,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the Offices or
CHAPTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section sha*ll mak«
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the Cit>
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b»
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or j
abolished, or the compensation at
[ tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making: such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
; vestigate the enforcement of the pro
: visions of this Article, and of its rules,
! and the action of the examiners herein
1 provided for, and the conduct and
; action of the appointees in the
i classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
j the nature, tenure and compensation
: of all places in the public service there
i of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors '
I a report showing their acts, the rules ;
• in force, the practical effects thereof,
I and suggestions for the more ef
| fectual accomplishment of the purposes |
lof this Article. The Mayor may re
; quire a report from the Commissioners ]
! at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em- j
1 ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under j
their direction, superintend any exam
; ination held in the City and County
\ under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners |
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
I shall be Secretary of the Commission
;by virtue of his office. He shall keep
■ minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
i reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
\ of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
i nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
i vide for the payment of such other cx
i penses as may be necessarily incurred
; in carrying out the provisions of this
! Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
I himself, or in co-operation with other
j persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
! person in respect to his or her right of
\ examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
: tion or proper standing of any person
| examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
! or make any false representations con
j cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined: or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
: improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
i pointed, employed or promoted.
Pec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
! tify to the Auditor all appointments to
: places of employment in the classified
civil service. aid all vacanciesoccurring
: therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
i tion or death, and all findings made or
| approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
1 power to institute and prosecute legal
; proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
: upon the map of the Outside Lands of j
: the City and County, made pursuant to j
I Order Number One Hundred, by the |
j word "Park," extending from Stanyan
: street to the Pacific Ocean and known
! as Golden Gate Park; also the land
' fronting on Haight street, designated
| upon said map by the word "Park," I
1 and known as "Buena Vista Park"; i
J also the land designated upon said map !
i by the word "Avenue," extending from .
I Baker street westward until it crosses '
i Stanyan street; also that certain high- j
i way bounded on the west by the Pacific
! Ocean, and designated upon said map
<as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
i Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City I
and County, and all the grounds
; surrounding public buildings in the j
. City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
; County shall be under the exclusive
i control and mangement of a Board of
I Commissioners, who shall be known
| and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
, successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
j and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
I State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
! five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
i the Mayor for a term of four years and
j shall receive no compensation for their
i services. They shall so classify them-
I selves by lot that one of them shall go
j out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
i four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or-
I ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secr^-
J tary who is not a member of the Board
| The Board shall establish rules and
j regulations for its government and for
! the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
■ ers. for the faithful performance of
J their duties in such sums as may be
i fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
| elected President shalT hold his office
j for one year, or until his successor is
i elected. The Board must hold regular
j meetings at least once in two weeks,
! and as many special meetings as it
j may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall eon
■ stitute a quorum for the transact'en of
; business. No contract shall be POtsred
! into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
| amount shall be open to public com
| petition, unless the Board shall deter
i mine in any given case to hnve the
j work done by day's labor. All the pro
| visions of the Article In this Charter on
j the Department of Public Works relat
] ing to contracts shall be applicable to
I all contract work ordered by th-s Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
i adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park*--.
! squares, avenues and grounds not in-
I consistent with the laws of the State.
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
] days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. Noneof
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and directionof the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds lt
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donorb
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal-
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in overy
such lease the Board shah reserve the
right to enter at all times into nnd urnn
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for parK-pleasvre
purposes only. No such bulliins; shall
bo constructed by the Board except it
ne within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove lues an.J
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this se:tinii con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one <>f the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose oi conducting
thereon a Fa^r or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be nocessary to conserve tho Integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pp.
riod not greater than six months, and
so as not to interfere wUh Hie use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted nceept swell
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
. v Municipal mportance. Nona of tht
moni-ys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall fee used for th"> purposes tt
any such Fair rr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
th« request of the Comm ; .s*ir:n«n\ de-
I ts.il sveh membf rs of the Police Force
' of the City and County f^r service in
j pnid parks, squares, avor. **s and
I grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinance of the
Commissioners; and the Cc mmlssionert
may provide ? place of det-ntion with
in either of si.d public pla >es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of ihe ordintnees of the Board may be
uetained tenipci arily.
Sec. S. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United Stated, or of the State of Cali
fornia <>r of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground In
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build-
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art. shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or oth*>r public place be
longing to .the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
,the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall .pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not te less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
I valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed, tar an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the oond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and i
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. The bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars: Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten j
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director, j
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol- ]
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten I
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of j
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor '
all property, books, papers, and docu- i
ments that may come into his posses- '
slon as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but i
J when the amount of the bond is more !
1 than five thousand dollars, the sureties |
| may become severally liable for por
| tions of not less than twenty-five hun
! dred dollars. When there are more
' than two sureties, such sureties may
' justify in an amount which in the ag
! gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
| bond, other than lawfully authorized
j surety companies, must make an affi
j davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and !
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City j
and County, exclusive of incumbrances '
thereon, double the amount of his un- ;
1 dertaking over and above all sums for
j which he is already liable or in any I
i manner bound, whether as principal, .
j indorser or surety, and whether such
i prior obligation or liability be condi
i tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
| liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
j visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
! nance, an official bond shall be required
1 from an officer, the Supervisors may,
Iby resolution, require an additional
I bond, whenever, in the opinion of
; such board, such bond or any surety
! thereto becomes insufficient: and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him. and
i of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
i with sufficient sureties for the fait!
I performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the" office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person In this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or tn any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
th« City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from.,
being elected, appointed or employed in
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County-
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a fuW re
port of all the operations of such de>.
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be t»
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State I
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap- |
prove, allow or pay any demand on the j
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and I
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for I
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers,, books, docu- |
ments, maps, plats, records and ar- j
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are I
superseded in office under this Charter j
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bt>
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any I
person demanding the same, and pay- J
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one i
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Polio*
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his |
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the I
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the *ity and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus-
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. " If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noe"s and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any Terson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
such duplicates must be filed with
c Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided in
his Charter that the members of any
oard, department or commission shall
classify themselves by lot that their
erms of office shall expire at different
mes, such members shall, on the day
making such classification, cause the
me to be entered in the records of
t »eir proceedings, and a copy thereof.
rtifled by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Bee. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
. less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within v six' - months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the "exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
" Sec. 27. All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed. ;,
Sec. 28. All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the . Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
f*rce until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires . the " construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses of th©
City and County will exceed the incom*
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must by
ordinance pa ssed'-y th 3 affirmative vot»
of - not • less than fourteen members of
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter, providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of: said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other, subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, .board or office as his chief may
assign him to. >
Sec. 31. No member, of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of . the Board or
Police Commissioners and no. member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of .
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by -soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for "office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any. candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or. endorse candidates. for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates: nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general/special or ' primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused. .
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
I covered by his actual service.
- Sec 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty- four hours af
ter receipt of the same. .
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the. Mayor
shall «make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide" for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof. •
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, ■in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
usand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, In
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the , election • held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County,. shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall . there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday, after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty 1 holding by : appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time. : .
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at , the time this Charter
takes effect • shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated •by : this Charter. ; The balance re
maining in • the Library Fund at the
time r this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
; takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
| Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned i Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time ; this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith ,be
transferred to the Police Relief ■'• and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The * balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall : . forthwith be transferred ;to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial ' Deposit ; Fund at the • time 3 this ]
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created iby this Charter. / The - balance
remaining ", in the General Fund at ; the
time this Charter takes ' effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the ; balance \ remaining In :Y the
Street Department Fund sat the time
this Charter takes f effect, • the :. balance
remaining .; in the X Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the " balance ; remaining in ' the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter ■ takes effect, and ' the I balance - : re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this .| Charter takes • effect,-, shall
each and; every one of them be forth
with \ transferred «to the * General j Fund
created by. tola Charter. Out of the20
eaid General Fund shall be paid, as in
this section hereinafter provided, all I
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
Fiu-h expenses as are by this Charter ,
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided for the payment of such ex
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every of
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of said moneys
«et apart by said Hoard or Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares for the fiscal .
year ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
shall remain* unexpended at the time'
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex- j
pended during said six months by the |
Board of Public Works in the opera
tlona of the department committed to
its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out ;
f specific funds shall be paid during
«aid six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Poard of Supervisors of the ex
'sting municipality to any department
of the City and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
months, it should any department cre
ated by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
six months, then In each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
seven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article TX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid ;
out of the General Fund. The existing!
municipality mentioned in this section i
is the existing municipality of the City I
and County of San Francisco, and the
several funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All i
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law. shall be ;
continued In the treasury until the ne
cessity or their continuance ceases.
p.^.' 88. When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the Ceneral Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers: of gc eial c -cul. tion in the (
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualiiied electors erf said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the solo purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma- i
jority of the qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
cm the first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of Sen Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at sai : election
shall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, T^S.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER. NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elet te<i by the pr jple, ihis Char
ter shall tuke effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officer; shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by hi;.*, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter uhall take effect
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
thousand inhabitants, on the twenty
seventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under-
Fignod a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we, the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
said City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands In duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE.
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE,
P. H. McCARTriY,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE. Jr.,
JOHN C. NORM ANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR,
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOit.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
During the past week there has been a
great deal <>f activity In the naval militia,
not only at this port but all along the
coast. The divisions are f>eing recruited
up to the maximum, which is 104 rank
and file. Under instructions from Lieu
tenant-Commander Nemey, acting cap
tain during the temporary absence oi Cap
tain Turner, in the matter of enlistment
the preference is given to men who hav<»
some knowledge of the sea. As it is, the
recruiting has been <jui:e active, and the
acting captain Is confident that in a very
short time a full complement of men can
be secured. He also f<-<-is confident that
th<- militia Will be called upon to go on
board of the Monterey and the Monad
r.o, k.
In the event of war an effort will be
made to secure some'of the fast tugs to
be used tor the- purpose of chasing and
capturing privateers which the Spam si]
Government proposes to turn loose upon
the high seas to prey on American mer
chantmen. If such as the Fearless and
the. Vigilant can be secured for that pur
pose It is the hope of the officers of tho
militia that some of their men will be se
lected for service on board.
The men at this port are being drilled
with a view to make them thoroughly
familiar with their duties on board ship,
so that in case of need they will not have
to go through a second course of instruc
tion.
The officers are perfecting themselves
in navigation, and the progress that they
have made in the past two months is very
.satisfactory to their Instructor.
It is computed thai there are enough
paupers in Great Britain to form, four
abreast, a procession over 100 miles in
length.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it falls to cure. 25e.
Ti±* *f niUaa to" L. B. Q. pa. each tablet..
•—^ ■ ■ ■ ■"■*',- --.-,.-• -' .■ ..... , -
A SENATORIAL
TOGA AT STAKE.
CANDIDATES
SEEKING FOR
AN ADVANTAGE
Editor Otis as a Fac
tor in the Coming
Campaign.
Indorsed by Perkins in
Order to Promote Bul-
la's Interests.
A Letter From Washington
That Is the First Move in a
Very Pretty Contest.
HENRY GAGE THE VICTIM.
Southern Interior Press Scores the
Lot Angeles Editor ior Alleged
Acts of Treason.
From Los Angeles comes the an
nouncement that Senator Perkins has
written a letter to Colonel Otis of the
Los Angeles Times in which the writer
avers that his correspondent (Colonel
Otis) is the man the people of the State
of California want as successor to Sen
ator White.
This announcement throws a bright
light on the very interesting state of
affairs resulting from R. N. Bulla's re
i cent declaration of a desire to wear the
Senatorial toga. It is the first card in
a very pretty political game that will
be watched with interest by every poli
: tician in the State, because upon its
outcome depends the success or failure
of the aspirations of the men who are
i seeking the position of United States
Senator. Not the least interesting fea
ture of the play is the fact that Editor
Otis is to be made, unconsciously
enough so far as he is concerned, the
object of the shafts of political strat-
egy. •
It is a matter of common knowledge
that Senator Perkins is the stanch per
sonal and political friend of Bulla.
It was State Senator Bulla who nom
inated Perkins before the Legislature I
three years ago, and it was Bulla who
was largely instrumental in bringing
about the compromise with the south
ern members whose votes were neces
sary to Perkins' election. By this com
promise it was agreed that the Republi
cans south of the Tehachapi line should
be accorded the privilege of naming the j
next United States Senator. Editor -J
Otis was, somewhat reluctantly, made j
a party to this agreement. There has j
not been and is not now a desire on the
part of the party leaders to go back on j
the terms of this agreement made three
years ago. therefore the northern Re
publicans are content to remain in the
background and watch with some de
gree of complacency the struggle that
has begun on the other side of the line.
The time has now arrived when the :
man who is to be the next United States
Senator must come forward and an
nounce his intentions and make his bid
for the support of that section of the j
State that has been accorded the right I
of selecting the favored candidate. !
Colonel Otis, acting ir^ the capacity of
a molder of public opinion, as well as
steerer-in-chief for the Republican
party, has recently, through the col
umna of the Times, strongly intimated
that Henry Gage of Los Angeles is the
man whose name should be presented
to the next Legislature as the selection
of southern Republicans for Senatorial
honors. About the same time Bulla
paid a visit to San Francisco, and after
a consultation with his friends an
nounced himself as a candidate for the
honor of being elected Senator at the
next session of the Legislature.
It is generally understood and not
denied that Bulla's candidacy, so far as
this end of the State is concerned, has
been placed in the hands of John P.
Jackson and Billy Hamilton. Bulla's j
candidacy having been announced, it ,
became at once a matter of grave con- ;
cern how to deprive so formidable an
opponent as Gage of the advantage de
rived from the support of Colonel Otis
and the Times. The letter said to have ;
been written by Senator Perkins to
Colonel Otis may give some insight \
into the matter. Of course if Colonel
Otifl could be induced to himself be- i
come a candidate for Senatorial hon- I
ors he would withdraw his support of j
Gage. Without the support of the
Times Gage would no longer be for
midable. These things being accom
plished Bulla would find himself in the
field with no more dangerous an op
ponent than U. S. Grant, it being safe !
to assume that Gage and Otis could j
neither of them win the allegiance of j
more than a small minority of the j
southern delegation.
It is a very pretty game and one that j
will repay the closest attention on the j
part of the student of political diplo-
macy.
"There is not the least doubt," said
John P. Jackson yesterday, "that
the next United States Senator will be ■
a man from the southern half of the j
State. At the time Senator Perkins was ■
elected it was agreed acpong the party j
leaders that the south should be al- i
lowed to select the next man to be
voted on for Senator, provided the
northern Republicans were allowed to
nominate the candidate for Governor.
There has not been, so far as I know,
any effort made to bring about a revo
cation of this agreement.
"I am aware that Italia has an
nounced his desire to be the man se
lected to succeed Senator White, but
you must excuse me from making any
statement as to what part, if any, I
shall take in his candidacy. I am his
friend, but I am also the friend of other !
gentlemen who may aspire to the same ;
honorable position. Senator Perkins is
also Bulla's friend. I don't know
whether or not he has written a letter !
to folonel Otis, but if he has I have
sufficient confidence in the wisdom of '
tlie Senator to believe that he knows
what he is doing. He is a man who has :
■ never yet made a mistake."
The attitude assumed by the Los
; Anereles Times recording the present
■ political situation has "had the effect of
i bringing down unon the head of Col
onel Otis the censure of the editors of
interior papers, who accuse him of try
ing to bring about the election of Dem
ocratic successors to Senator "White
and Congressman Barlow. The follow-.
THE SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1898.
Ing from the Pasadena News will serve
as an illustration of the castigation to
which he is being subjected:
Colonel Otis has for years been an open
antagonist of the Southern Pacific rail
road influence in politics. Yet in 1596 the
Southern Pacific railroad ring had in
Colonel Otis a stanch political ally.
With every man in the Southern Paci
fic Railroad employ openly fighting for
Charles A. Barlow's success at the polls:
with certain of its men taken down from
their engines and turned loose with money
In their pockets to spend for Barlow;
with Stephen M. White advocating Bar
low from every stump in the district;
with a combination made up of J. Marion
Brooks, Nathan Cole, Thomas V. Cator,
George W. liaker, J. Noonan Phillips and
Sutherland Hutton taking orders from
Huntington's hirelings and going up and
down the Sixth District shouting for Bar
low, the Los Angeles Times said not one
word editorially for the candidate of the
Republican party, whose vote might have
saved the credit of the administration.
SPOILING FOR A FIGHT.
Jacob Heinz and Edward J. Ford
Spent Their Easte- Sunday in*
Prison.
Jacob Heinz and Edward J. Ford, two
young men, went into the store of F. K.
Weiss, florist, 9 Eddy street, yesterday
morning. They were under the influence
of lictuor and objected to the price of
the flowers they had asked for. They
made themselves so offensive that Weiss
requested his neighbor, E. Phillips, a
tailor, to go for the police.
Phillips started out on his mission and
Heinz and Ford followed him. At the
corner of Powell and Eddy Ford attacked
Phillips and a crowd gathered. Police
man Fennell came upon the scene and
placed Ford under arrest for battery
upon Phillips. Heinz interfered with the
officer and attempted to drag Ford away
from him. Fennell drew his club and
hit Heinz over the head with it. A citi
zen remonstrated with Fennell, and dur
ing the discussion Ford threw Fennell
down the steps of the Louvre and ran
along Powell street. Several citizens
started in pursuit, and he was captured
after running a couple of blocks. Fen
nell put the handcuffs on him and also
took Heinz in charge. At the City Prison
two charges of battery were booked
against Ford, the complaining witnesses
being Tailor Phillips and M. J. Gannan,
who went to Phillips' assistance. Heinz
was charged with battery and disturbing
the peace.
BURGLARS IN A SALOON.
Ed Gorman, of the Argonaut, Loses
His Money and Goods.
The Argonaut saloon on Mission and
Twelfth streets was entered by burg
lars early Sunday morning- and a lot of
articles were stolen. When the proprie
tor, Ed Gorman, entered the saloon yes
terday morning he thought everything of
value had disappeared. He at once noti
fied the police headquarters, and Detec
tives Fitzgerald and Graham of the Mis
sion district were detailed on the case.
Gorman locked up the saloon shortly
bo/ore midnight Saturday night, and a
few minutes later the policeman on the
beat saw the saloon lighted up, but he
thought Gorman was still there. If ne
had taken the trouble to make an inves
tigation he would have found the burg
lars at their work.
Gorman places his loss at between $40
and $45 cash, and several bottles of liquor
and boxes of cigars. Entrance w;ls ap
parently effected by- means of a skeleton
kt-y, and it is thought the burglars are
residents of the neighborhood.
ST. PATRICK'S BAZAAR.
An Entertainment for Its Aid to Be !
Held Tuesday.
St. Patrick's Church is to have a bazaar
early in next September and the mem
bers of the church are already preparing
for it. A musical and literary entertain
ment In aid of the bazaar has been ar
ranged for Tuesday evening, April 12, and
this will be given at Metropolitan Hall.
An elaborate programme has been de
cided upon which cannot fail to please
all who attend the entertainment. Among
the attractions on the programme are:
An address by Rev. James McDonald of !
St. Peter's Church, the Police Choral So- I
ciety. Josh Davis. Dr. W. H. Sieberst,
William Massett. George W. Calvert, Pro- :
fessor J. H. Dohrmann, organ selections; '
M. Grennan. cornet: Messrs. S. J. and L. |
Tully, clarionets; Mrs. P. W. McGlade, !
soprano; Mme. Eunice Weßtwater, con- :
tralto; W. W. Finney, tenor; J. P. Groed
jens, barytone; Jackson A. Hathwell, |
vocal selections; C. C. Whelnn, descriptive
songs; Miss Clara Nolan, accompanist.
When dead bodies are entered ns a car
go on a ship, they are often recorded on
the invoices as "statuary," or "natural
history specimens," to allay the supersti
tious fears of the crew.
QUEEN OF SONG AND MASTER OF MUSIC.
Two World-Famous Artists Who for Three Nights Will Make the California
Ring With Sweetest Melodu.
MELBA AND SIGNOR BIMBONI.
Oresto Blmboni, who will direct the per
formances of Mme. Melba. has had a
career this is rich in achievement, both
in composition and in the direction of
grand opera.
He was born at Florence, Italy, Septem
ber 11, 1547, of a family of musicians. His
father was a bandmaster, a trumpet vir
tuoso, and the Inventor of the "Bimboni
fonla." Every attention was given to the
education of Oresto. He studied the piano
under Dechamps, and harmony and coun
terpoint under Professor Mabelllnl, at the
Conservatory of Florence. When he was
18 he enlisted as a soldier under the ban
ner of Garibaldi. After his return from
the campaign he finished his studies at
Berlin under Taubert.
His career aa a conductor began at
Bastla, Corsica. He then went to Milan.
BOUND FOR KOTZEBUE.
The stern-wheel steamer to be used by the passengers on the barkentlne
Jane A. Falkenberg is to be taken to Kotzebue Sound In a novel manner. A
plank will be taken out of the bottom and the rigging of the foremast will be
unrove and passed through the hole and then made fast again. The hull of the
stern-wheeler will project about five feet over the barkentine's side, and the
rest of her will rest on the deck. The steamer's boilers will be placed at the
port side of the vessel, and both steamer and boilers will be securely lashed.
The boat is to be called "Kotzebue," and is 47 feet long, 15 feet broad and 4 feet
deep. She will carry fifty passengers and fifty tons of freight on an 18-lnch
draft at a speed of 9 knots an hour.
THEIR FATE
AN ICY TOMB
Three Men Drowned Off
Alaskan Shores by a
Boat Capsizing.
The New Steamer Sequoia
Coming Here in Tow of
the Tug Vigilant.
First Vessel Purchased by Ladue for
the Klondike Trade Arrives— A
Runaway Horse.
This time It is the schooner Arago that
has come back to port with bad news.
Three of her crew are missing.
The schooner reached here yesterday,
twenty days from Sand Point, Alaska,
with a cargo of 30,000 codfish for the
Lynde & Hough Company. Captain
Stensland reports that on February 11 in
Eagle Harbor, three seamen were
drowned by the capsizing of a small boat.
Their names were Peter Jensen, Olan
Stevens and J. Jones.
J. S. Kimball's new steamer, the
Sequoia, left Fort Bragg yesterday morn
ing for this port, in tow of Spreckels' tug
From a Photograph by Falk.
where he was engaged for the Victoria
Theater at Berlin, by the Impresario
Polllnl, who is now In Hamburg. He then
served In like capacity at the Imperial
opera of Moscow. Few are the European
cities In v.--hlch he has not shown hia
power. Thus, he was conductor at the
Vienna Imperial Opera House in 1883 and
ISS4; he has led in the opera houses of
Barcelona, Lisbon, Bucharest, Venice,
Naples, London, with companies of the
highest grade, with such singers at Pattl,
Gerster, Calve, etc.
In connection with the announcement of
the grand operatic performance In this
city by Melba, Signor Giuseppe Campa
nari will sustain the role of Figaro, the
mischief-making intermediary between
Roslna and her lover, the Duke Almaviva,
In the performance of the "Barber of.
Vigilant. The steamer was launched at
midnight Saturday, and is said to be the
first vessel ever launched at Fort Bragg.
Here she will be fitted out with boilers
and machinery, probably at the Fulton
Iron Works. Her length is about 150 feet.
The steamer Morgan City, the first
steamer purchased for the Klondike trade
by the Ladue Gold Mining and Develop
ment Company, arrived here yesterday,
sixty-four days from New York. A short
stay was made at Valparaiso and four
steerage passengers were brought up from
there. On the ltith lnst. the steamer will
make her first trip to Alaskan ports. The
vessel is 2SI feet long, 3S beam and has a
20-foot depth of hold. Several changes In
cident to what will be required of her on
her future run have been made in what
one of those who came out on her calls
"a most bungling manner." In fact, the
steamer conveys a general appearance of
awkwardness even to the eye of a novice.
Some careless driver left a mall wagon
standing in the alleyway between the
new ferry building and ihe postoffice
building yesterday morning, without
hitching the horso. The animal took
fright and started to run away, tearing
the woodwork at the corner of the post
office. If this had not delayed its progress
until strong hands could grasp the reins,
several people might have been seriously
injured or killed, as the pathway of the
horse lay right across the entrance to the
Oakland ferry.
Two boatloads of the Naval Battalion
from the training ship Marion, compris
ing about fifty men, held a drill in the
stream off Folsom-street wharf yester
day. Ensigns Harlowe and Morrison were
in charge.
Hit With a Bottle.
Frank Travis, a colored sailor, got into
a barroom altercation on Pacific street
yesterday afternoon with a man named
Silva. The result of the row was that
Silva struck Travis on the head with a
bottle inflicting a deep gash on the left
temple. Officer Cavanagh came upon the
scene and sent Travis to the Ferry Re
ceiving Hospital for treatment and locked
Silva up in the California street station
on the charge of an assault with a deadly
weapon.
Seville."
Signor Giuseppe Campanari Is one of the
foremost barytones upon the Italian stage
of to-day. Born in Ve'neto he showed a
disposition toward music at an early age.
The cello was his favorite Instrument,
and he was for some time a member of
the orchestra of La Scala, Milan. There
he discovered that he had a voice, and
after earnest study he appeared in opera
houses of Italy and Spain.
Melba will open at the California The
ater on Tuesday night, April 19, and will
give only three performances, at which
the following prices will prevail: Boxes,
140; single seats, down stairs, $7 and $6;
balcony, first three rows, $5; next four
rows, $4, and last seven rows, |3; reserved
seats In the gallery will be |2, and |1 will
be th» orio«» asked tot admission.
NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
An Important Change
That Will Affect Line
Officers.
The State's Guard Can Be Fully
Equipped at Very Short
Notice.
Regulations for Target Practice to Be ;
Revised— The Signal Corps
Celebration.
One of the most important orders Issued :
of late is the one establishing a new |
board of examiners for the Second Brig
ade. The old one was composed entirely j
of officers drawn from the retired list,
and with possibly the exception of one j
they did not have the same interest in ;
the affairs of the guard that have officers
who are constantly in touch with the rank
and file, and as a matter of course they j
could not view the guard in the same
light and understand its conditions as
well as those who are constantly with
it. That was the view taken when the
change was made, and it is in line with
the policy of the major-general, whose
desire it Is to place the guard on the best
footing, war or no war. The new board
will adopt more stringent rules in the ex
amination of officers sent before it. It is
probable that the examinations will not
be, as in the past, confined to the the- ;
oretical, but will be extended to the prac- j
tical. That is, it is likely a captain or a
lieutenant will be called on to proceed to
the regimental armory, where he will be !
given a strange company, and will be re- ,
quired to drill it in such movements as |
the board may direct, without giving pre- ,
vious notice of what movements he shall j
be called upon to have executed.
In view of the fact that next July new
tactics will probably go into effect, the i
new board will have considerable to do !
seeing that the officers are familiar with |
the new movements. Colonel Smith, i
First Infantry, president of the board, is
a very active member of the guard, and ;
he has able assistants in the persons of ■
Major J. F. Hayes of the Fifth Infantry j
and Captain George Fillmer of Company j
B, First Infantry. It is more than likely ,
there will be a marked improvement in '
the officers of the Second Brigade so far
as knowledge of duties is concerned, in
the future.
READY FOR ACTION.
When asked what was the condition of i
the Second Brigade of the National Guard |
at this time, .brigadier-General R. H. j
Warfleld, commanding that brigade, re- I
sponded "All present or accounted for and
ready to move on short notice."
It Is true that the guard is ready to ,
move on short notice. All the property)
of the First Infantry has been overhauled!
and arms that were not in condition put
in the best possible condition, and there is
not a rifle that Is not at this time in a
serviceable condition. .It is true that
many of them are not of the very best
for target practice, but all are in service
able condition, and the only things the |
guardsmen are short of are, as has been \
previously stated in this department,
tents, overcoats. and blankets.
As to these articles, there will be no
difficulty in supplying them should the i
entire , guard or the State be called into
active service, for there is under the con- '
trol of the Commissary branch of the de
partment of California, U. S. A., enough
to equip 10,000 men, and there are more of
the modern Springfield rifles at the Be
nlcia arsenal . than the 4000 and odd men
of the National Guard of this State would
need. It is stated that a dispatch was
received by the higher authorities of- the
guard of this State from Senator Stephen
M. White, announcing that the War De
partment Is ready at any time to make
an exchange of arms so that the guard
of California may be armed with better
rifles than It now has.
The general opinion of the officers of
the guard is' that in case of war being
declared the regulars will be sent to the
front and the National. Guardsmen of the
several States will be mustered in as vol
unteers and sent to guard ; the seacoast
on the Atlantic. and Pacific; that subse
quently.the first contingent sent to Cuba,
as a reserve, will be composed of colored
men who are better adapted for the cli
mate of that country ( than/ are white
men.
Whatever may happen the guardsmen
of California are ready to go wherever
ordered and wherever they can be of the
greatest . service, but they prefer being
sent to the front to being placd on guard
duty at some post on the seacoast.
'.',.": TO LEARN FIRST AID.
The recent work of the sanitary corps
of the Second Brigade | under the direc
tion of Major. McCarthy, as exemplified
by drill on the field, has so favorably im
pressed Colonel Smith of the First In
fantry that he has decided every man in
his regiment shall become familiar with
the principles of first aid to the wounded.
Each company of the ■ regiment will be
instructed in that art for a period of
three months, so each may become thor
oughly familiar with what is required.
He also proposes that each man shall
carry in his haversack those articles that
may be of immediate, use on the field. If,
for. instance, a man should receive a
wound that severs an artery he would
be able himself, if the injury did not ren
der him unconscious, to apply the tour
niquet, check the flow of blood and be
ready for removal to the hospital tent
by the sanitary corps, or he could tem
porarily dress a < wound that needed Im
mediate attention. The Idea is that men
may learn to help themselves, until re
lief comes. ■'*-' -. -v. '*-,
: RIFLE PRACTICE.
It has been finally decided to call, on
the 21st of the present month, a meeting
of the inspectors of rifle practice, with a
view to formulate a set of rules and reg
ulations to enable the members of the
guard to know, what they are > to do at
the State shoot in '-.May.* The regulations
now in force, adopted in s November, 1896,
and put into effect last June, are a mass
of misinformation 'and impracticability
that is equaled ,only by the useless red
book of the guard.. The regulations say:
* Target practice in the National-Guard shall
be held in the months of -January, May, Sep
tember and • October, and at 200, .300 and 500
yard ranges and skirmish firing.' / - t
■ .Each officer and enlisted man will be al
lowed fifty-five rounds of ammunition an ' the
, same - will ibe » fired as ■ follows: i One score of
five shots at each of . the * 200, ; 300 and 500 yard ,
ranees in January; ■ one score of rive shuts
at each of the 200.- 3iW and 800 • yard ranges
In I September I and ■ one > score of five shots at
each of the JuO, 300 and 600 yard ranees In
October. ■ Provided that each : officer and en
listed man must make -. score of at least 15
at the' 200-yard- range .before he will be • per
mitted to fire at the 300- yard • range; and ■he
must make a score of at least; IS at the 300
yard range 'before' he wi.. be permitted to fire
at the 600-yard ranjre; also one score of ten
shots at skirmish* firing in May. r;
The -language of 'this- one of the many
sections : : of the ; regulations -.is what has '
been bothering the guardsmen since its
promulgation. •■• If '.lt- 1 means . that : there
shall be target practice In January. May.
September and October at two, three and
five hundred ■ yard ranges • and skirmish
firing they are > at ".a-.- loss to understand
how they can '■ accomplish:; that with only
fifty-five rounds of ammunition, using, up
forty-live rounds at the shoots in Janu
ary September : and October, which would
leave them only ten rounds for target and
skirmish practice "In May. The schedule
omits the m*nth of 1 May . and the infer
ence from the 'proviso": Is that the ; ten
shots must be used In skirmish- firing In
that month. If that is the case then there
can be no skirmish firing at the shoots
-in >' January; September and October, al
though there is an Inference in the. first
paragraph that "* there Is ■to be skirmish
firing as well as firing at the three ranges.
Another matter that has created a great
deal* of dissatisfaction is that part which
declares - that - If ■a / guardsman fails .to
score at least 15 at the 200-yard range, at
the January shoot he is disqualified from
shooting -at ; the I other ranges, and they
construe that to mean that If they fail
to- score at the first-named - range they
; are - disqualified * for • the balance of ; the
year. They claim i that « this Is an injus
tice and shuts them , out from competing
' for ' honors. 1 5 It ' will i be : the duty ;of the
"board of Inspectors, which has been called
together -by ' Colonel Park Henshaw, to
mike the regulations so clear that all
may be able -to understand them.
THE SIGNAL, CORPS.
"The Signal Corps of the Seci>ad Brigade.
■CaotaJn P J Perkins commanding last
zs£Jgg& a stfsssAfl
th In C ad r dftlon to the full ni™i,ersh!p ; «
cept Lieutenant Hewes who was absent
on account of illness .there were -present
Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest A. /> en '<£ c'e '
Captain Abbott '-. A. Hanks. -Captain
George C.Boardman Jr.. CaP^V**^
nett. Troop A. the Veteran Pi<nal Cong
in a body and several member* of the
Veterans "of the National Guard of.tno
State of California. m . „
The election held In the corps rooms re
sulted in the choice of Private 1- . L Moss
for recording- secretary: Private H. L.
Capp. corresponding secretary^ r '\ al e
P. G. Knapp. treasurer, and Corporal J.
S. Henton. historian. The recommenda
tion of the committee on nominations as
to the following committees ere
adopted: Delinquency - Lieutenant C. L.
Hewes, Corporal W. C. Pritchard, pri
vates V. E. Matthews. E. Jones and C. S.
Girvin; armory— Captain P. J. P e {* ln £'
Sergeant \V. P. Garlield. Cor- oral H. t>.
Gould. Musician R. C. Delamater ana
Private J. W. White: Investigation—cor
poral L. J. Harkness. Privates \V. H.
Scott and S. A. Searle; finance—Corpo
ral H. F. Jurs and Privates T. Carmany
and W. J. Stock. , ..
The corps decided to accept the Invita
tion to take part in the military display
to be held in the Mechanics' Pavilion on
the 22d inst.. under me auspices of the
First Infantry Regiment. At the close of
the business meeting there was an ad
journment to the assembly hall, w re
there was an anniversary spread to wnicn
all were welcomed in a neat speech Dy
Captain Perkins. During the evening
there was a short programme of music
arranged by the committee on entertain
ment, consisting of Corporal H. F. Gould
and Privates C. S. Irwin and J. F. Forbes.
There were addresses by ( Lieutenant-
Colonel Denicke. Captains ifanks and
Boardman and others. The most interest
ing address was the one by the lieuten
ant-colonel, who at the time he was
placed on the retired list was signal offi
cer on the division staff, and who during
the war of the Rebellion was a signal
officer. His address was one calculated
to arouse the patriotic enthusiasm of ma
listeners, and in that he was very suc
cessful.
ELECTIONS.
Company F of the First Infantry has
re-elected John A. Miller as captain and
Firman A. Nippert first lieutenant. Fired
L. Brown was elected, second lieutenant,
vice Wvzeman M. Masury. Infantry, ata-
Company C of the Fifth Infantry, sta
tioned at Petaluma. has re-elected
Thomas Maclay as captain; A. _H. Cas
sidy. second lieutenant, vice Benjamin H.
Phillips; and H. W. Emerson, second
lieutenant, vice Morton W. Stockdale. \
Company E, Fifth Infantry, stationed at
Santa Rosa, has re-elected Captain
Charles E. Havens, First Lieutenant
Charles E. Holmes and Second Lieutenant
Willard C. Bean. •
In the matter of pedigree the 18-year
old Prince w»«o is the heir to the throne
of Japan seems to hold the lead. He is,
it is said, tne last male descendant In
the order of primogeniture of a dynasty,
who has reigned 2600 years.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers' leave Broadway
IHK'Mn-k wharf, San Francisco:
' EB£PR3»»k J'""" 1 " Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
i lK»Sli^% April I, 6 - 11, 16, 21. 26, May 1.
HSBvSss^Mi transfer at Seattle.
fglMir^Oj-'pß! For Alaskan ports (from'
' r"Ol^fSss« Spear street wharf), 10 a. m.,
April 8. IS, 23, May 3, transfer
■-. ™ at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m. April 1, 6,
II 16 21, 26, May 1. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
i Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
I C p fly.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8, 14, 20, 26. May 2, and every sixth
I day thereafter.
. For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San : Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. April 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anceles and rtedondo (Los Angeles), 11
1 a. m.. April 1. 5, 9. 13. 17. 21, 25. 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jo6e del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymap (Mex.). -10 a. m. r April 12.
and "id of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of Failing.
I TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery street
I (Palace Hotel). ■
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
. , .10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
« DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
'...-.-, From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $ '2 First Class Including Berth
InilL '$8 Second Class - and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
I State of California .... — Apr. 3, 13, 23. May 3
! Columbia Apr. 8, 18, 28. May 8
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
. ' E. C. WARD, General Agent.
■ 630 Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. .
»H9iJaß|g<9) The S.S.ALAMEDA!
r 3ibllVSl&. sails via Honolulu and
• &*■■■■• Auckland for Sydney
W™ _; Wednesday, April 20,
O^^ir\ at 2 p. m.
S'Mmsninc) S. S. ZEALANDIA,
CyiCfllllJlll^--' for HONOLULU only.
(omßfllUrl-" Wednesday, May 4,
\Ujllf/UiU!-r- 2 p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. i FPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents..
:'«,.-■ ■ ■ 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco,
AMERICAN LINE
To England and the Continent. Tl
RED STAR LIINE
To Antwerp. '1
EMPIRE LINE
To Alaska. 1
— ' '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
REMOVED TO
130 montgomery St.
EMPIRE LINE.
<!tonmers Ohio, Pennsylvania. Illinois. Indl-
ana7«flStons7 Coiwinaußh, 2400 tons (formerly
' in the trar.s-Atlantic service of the American
line)" appointed sailings Seattle. _ _
' 9 IS Ohio. June 15, S. 8. Indiana, June 22.
Us Pennsylvania June 29, for St. . Michael.
1 connecting with company's fleet of new and
: riodern steamers and barges on the Yukon
■ River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate 'points. For passage and freight apply to
t international Navigation Co. , 30 Montgomery
J street. , . ■
j Or any of its Agencies.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
•.:'-■- French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 inorth -»^rto
i River foot of Morton St. I Travelers <.Tg¥7\
i by this line avoid both transit by *"*"«i*^
: English railway and the discomfort of crossing
> the channel . in a small- boat. ' New York to
! Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
; seeo»d c'-ass. JUG. .
LA NORMANI'IE April 18. 10 a. m.
: LA GASCOGNE ..April 23. 10 a. m.
; LA CHAMPAGNE April 30.10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE .........: May 7, 10 a. m.
: LA TOURAINE .................May 14, 10 a. m
.- For further particulars apply to :. -
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, ■ *- ■■-;.
■•-..■ No.'3. Bowline Green, New York
J. F. FT'nAZI & C0.,- Agents, 5 Montgomery
' aye.. San 1 Francisco. .
FOR I). S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJoT
w ■■*"-_•* Steamer "Monticello"
Mon..Tu«;s..- Wed.. ■ Thurs. and Sat
I 9:4.1 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. "fhurs.*
r Fridays ......' ......1 p.m. and S:3O p.^n
i Sundays 10:30 a.m. and 8 p ™"
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock Pier %~
----- Terejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS GATOS and SANTA CFU2
11 1 Steamer Alviso leaves Pier: I.da "y (Sunday,
•xcepted) jat 10 a. m.; Al viso daily (Saturday
: SSyE?^ fas-WEtt -d* Sff^