VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 171.
ADMIRAL CERVERA SAILS HIS
FLEET INTO SANTIAGO DE CUBA
SAMPSON
ELUDED
Fleets Are Now Eight
Hundred Miles
Apart.
All the Advantages Are
Said to Be With the
Enemy.
TVL-A_l3:E*-133, IMCay 19. — Tlie Spanislx
sq.u.ad.ron :txas arrived, at Santiago de
Oixloa -witnout accident.
THe Spanisli fleet, on arriving at
Santiago de OuL"fc>a, found, tnere fwo
American "v^-a,rsliiiss, xvlLLicli retired
xvitlx all speed. Tne Queen Regent lias
ca"bledL congratulations to Admiral
Cervera.
NEW YORK, May 19.— A
Washington special to the
Herald says: 1 learn to
night that the Navy De
partment has received
semi - official information
confirmatory of the dis
patches from Madrid an
nouncing the arrival of the
Spanish fleet at Santiago
de Cuba.
The source of this informa
tion is not revealed by the
Navy Department. The state
ment to me was that it was
considered reasonably relia
ble though not official. Al
though unusually skeptical
about the movements of the
Spanish as reported from
Madrid it has been pointed
out that the two last reports
regarding the movements of
the Spanish fleet emanating
from that source have proved
correct.
The announcement of the
Herald that the fleet had ar
rived at Martinique and again
at Curacoa were promptly
confirmed by official dis
patches from Madrid. This
fact, taken in connection with
the semi-official information
received by the Navy De
partment to-night, has caused
the authorities to believe that
the fleet is really at Santiago
de Cuba and the Naval War
Board, 1 am told, is consid
ering strategic movements
based upon this belief.
The San Francisco Call
If the fleet arrived to-day
at Santiago de Cuba no doubt
exists in the minds of naval
experts that it coaled off the
coast of Venezuela from the
colliers sent there by the
Spanish Government.
As the Herald stated some
days ago it was the belief of
some of the naval officers
that Cervera remained at
Curacoa until he learned de
finitely the position of the
colliers. Receiving this in
formation on Sunday he
sailed at 6 o'clock that even
ing for the point where they
lay. Five days have elapsed
since that time. Two days
at least were undoubtedly
spent in coaling^and the re
maining three in cruising.
The distance from the coast
of Venezuela to Santiago de
Cuba is 600 miles and two
days at least must have been
occupied by the enemy's
men-of-war in making the
Cuban port.
The authorities say that the
Spanish made a decidedly
good move and that her
agents have been keeping
Admiral Cervera very well
advised on the position of
Rear Admiral Sampson's
squadron.
Now that the fleet is
safely ensconced in San
tiago it would be an ex
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
tremely difficult matter to
lock it up in that harbor.
In the first case the armor
clads are at Key West, about
; 800 miles away, and they
cannot reach Santiago under
sixty hours. By that time it
would be possible for Admiral
; Cervera to approach Cien
fuegos and to destroy the
blockading vessels there, pro
viding Captain-General Blan
co warned him of the depar
ture of the American ships in
an easterly direction. If the
Spanish fleet is at Santiago
another point of advantage is
that Admiral Cervera is in
constant communication with
Captain-General Blanco, not
withstanding the American
men-of-war cut the cables
at Cienfuegos. Furthermore
the Spanish fleet is at a base
of supplies, where it can se
cure both coal and provisions
and make any repairs that: its
voyage may have made neces
sary. All that the authorities
have done up to this time
in the matter of operating
against the Spanish fleet ha
been to send scouts to San
tiago de Cuba to watch to
its exit.
Cumberland Conference.
MARSHALL, Mo.. May IP.— 'i he general
ronfprenre of the Cumberland Presbyte
rian Church organized here to-day. Gen-
i eral H. H. Norman, ruling elder of Mur
fr*<"sbnro, Term., was elcrted moderates
i over Rev. S. K. Holtsinger, D.D., of San
' Diego, Cal., the vote being 129 to m.
To-night welcoming addresses wen
delivered by members of the local clergy.
ENTRANCE TO THE HARBOR OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA.
The Approaches to Santiago de Cuba Are Both by Nature and Engineering Skill Stronger
Than Any Other Port in Cuba.
FIRE DRAWN FROM
SANTIAGO FORTS.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, May 19.— The Atlas lino steamship Adula,
"which has arrived u»-re from San tin ro de Cuba, reports that be
tween Jamaica and Cuba she passed seven ships. They were steer-
Ing west In double column. Their nationality Is unknown. Two
American warships were lying off Santiago harbor yesterday after
noon, and drew the flre of the forts. The firing lasted from 12 to 1.
The ships did not reply to the fire of the fortifications, but the regu
lars and volunteers In Santiago were called out, as an attack was
feared.
Captain Walker states that he saw in the harbor of Santiago
twenty torpedoes and he noticed that several blockhouses had been
erected above town. He looked to see If any damage had been done
by American warships to the fortifications at the entrance to the
harbor, but apparently the Americans had not fired on them. The
cruiser Reina Mercedes is anchored close to the harbor, so as to
enfilade. A merchant cruiser of four guns, the Mexico of Barce
lona, is anchored close to the town.
MADRID, May 19.— An official dispatch received here to-day from
Havana says that some American ships fired thirty shots during the
reported recent bombardment of Santiago de Cuba, but that no dam
age was inflicted. The dispatch adds that the batteries at Santiago
de Cuba replied to the fire of the ships and that one of the latter
was damaged.
MANY CONFIRMED
BY THE SENATE.
Long List of Army Officers and Civil-
ians Who Now Get Staff
Positions,
WASHINGTON, May 19.— The follow
ing army confirmations were made to
day by the Senate:
To be assistant adjutants-general,
with the rank of major — Captains Wal
ter S. Schuyler, Louis V. Cassilar, Wil
liam McCamon, James Pettit, Alfred C.
Sharpe, Hugh L. Scott, Edward Davis;
First Lieutenants Frederick Strong,
Herbert Sargent, Clarence R. Edwards,
Samuel D. Sturgis, Samuel Reber;
Messrs. Campbell E. McMichael of
Pennsylvania, G. H. Hopkins of Michi
igan, and John A. Logan Jr. of Illi
nois.
To be assistant adjutants-general,
with the rank of captain— First Lieu
tenants Erasmus M. Weaver Jr., Fran
cis P. Fremont, De Rosey C. Cabell,
Charles M. Truitt. Edward Saint Gre
ble, John H. Beacom, Harvey C. Car
baugh, John B. McDonald, Albert L.
Mills, Charles G. Treat. John A. Da
pray, William F. Hancock, William H.
Smith, John F. Morrison, Benjamin Al
vord, Henry C. Cabell, Godfrey H. Mc-
Donald, William H. Johnston, John L.
Sehon, Crole Hutchinson, James K.
Thompson, Carl R. Rechmann, Cornel
ius Dewie Wilson. William A. Hol-
bronke, Robert E. T. Mitchie, Daniel B.
Devoe, Lucien C. Berry, John T. Mc-
Mahon, T. Bentley Mott, Samuel Seay
Jr... Robert G. Paxton. Robert L.
House, George B. Duncan, Walter A.
Bethel, Edmund T. Betts, Charles W.
Fenton, Louis G. Scherrer; Second
Lieutenants Douglas Zettle, Walter C.
Short. Robert Sewell, Henry H. Whit
ney, Edward B. Cassat and John G.
Gilmore Jr.
Among the civilians confirmed as as
sistant adjutants-general, with the
rank of captain, were William McKitt
rich of California and Joseph B. Fora
ker Jr. of Ohio.
To be inspectors-general, with rank
if captain— George Lee, George S. An
derson, Earl D. Thomas. Alexander
Rogers, John M. K. David, Philip Read,
Thomas M. Woodruff. Benjamin H.
('never, Stephen W. Seyburn, Stephen
G. Mills, Herbert J. Sturm, Harry C.
Benson, William P. Duval; Messrs. G.
'reighton Webb of New York and Rus
sell B. Harrison of Indiana.
To be quartermasters, with the rank
•f major— r'nptains Charles G. Dennis,
John W. Sumner Hayes, Samuel R.
Jones, M. C. Martin. Oscar F. Lon&,
Guy Howard. Frederick Yon Schraeder,
J. E. Sawyer, Frederick D. Hodgson,
i a rues H. Aleshire. Thomas Cruse;
"^irst Lieutenant Eugene F. Ladd and
vlr. William A. Wadsworth of New
fork.
To be assistant quartermasters, with
the rank of captain — First Lieutenants
Chauncey Wolcott Jr., Julius Perm
ami Ulysses M. Alexander. Among the
civilians confirmed with this rank were
Messrs. E. McMitchell of Oregon, Benja
min J. Johnson of California and Anda
E. Pearson of Utah.
To be commissaries of subsistence,
with the rank of captain — First Lieu
tenants D. Heritt, Parker West, Omar
Bursdy, Elmore F, Tagge, Alex R.
Hooper and Second Lieutenant Harold
E. Cloke.
AMONG THOSE NAMED
FOR STAFF PLACES
TJ. S. Grant's Grandson and R. E.
Lee'B Grandnephew to Be
Engineer Lieutenants.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to
the Senate:
War— First Regiment Volunteer En
gineers, Colonel Eugene Griffin of New
York; first lieutenants, Algernon Sar
toris of the District of Columbia, Fitz
hugh Lee Jr. of Virginia, Carlos Car
bonel of Troy, N. V., Thomas J. Sul
livan of Colorado, Karl Fisher Han
sen of New York.
To be commissary of subsistence
with rank of major — William M. Aber
nethy of Missouri.
To be engineer officer with rank of
major— Charles Lincoln Woodbury of
Vermont; Captains William D. Beach,
Third Cavalry: George H. Sands. Sixth
cavalry: and William A. Shunk,
I Eighth Cavalry.
Treasury — Edward Elias of Califor
nia, assayer of the Mint at San Fran
cisco.
To be assistant quartermaster with
rank of captain — First Lieutenant
George S. Cartwright, Fourth Infan
try.
To be commissary of subsistence
with rank of captain — Frederick A.
Hyde Of New York, William H. An
derson of Ohio, George B. McCullom of
Tennessee.
To be assistant paymaster — William
H. Schofield of San Francisco.
To be assistant adjutant-general
with rank of captain — Putnam Brad
ley Strong of New York.
NINE LARGE VESSELS
STEAMING SOUTHWARD
BRIDGEWATER. N. S., May 19.— Thts
morning about 9 o'clock the smoke of sev
eral steamers was seen off the coast near
Cape l.a Haye. Several persons went
around the hill at Getsons Cove, and from
that eminence saw distinctly nine large
vessels, under steam, heading in a south
erly direction. Their nationality could
not be discerned. This information was
receive^ from Reinhart Bros., who vouch
for the correctness of the story. The
ships when seen were near Indian Island,
about five miles from the coast. No fur
ther Information has been reoeived up to
this time.
JUNCTION
FORMED AT
KEY WEST
Rear Admiral Sampson's
Fleet Augmented by
Schley.
It Is Proposed to Clean the
Battle=Ships Before Encoun=
tering the Spaniards.
NEW YORK, May 19 —The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tel
egraphs: Rear Admiral Sampson,
with a division of the North Atlantic
Squadron under his command, which
attacked San Juan, Porto Rico, has
returned to Key West, where he has
effected a junction with the flying
squadron. This means that he has
under his orders the battle-ships
lowa, Indiana and Massachusetts,
the second-class battle-ship Texas
and the armored cruisers Brooklyn
and New York, which makes him
superior by two armor-clads to the
Spanish fleet.
Rear-Admiral Sampson, I under
stand, has been given authority to em
ploy divers to clean the bottoms of the
men-of-war which were with him be
fore San Juan, Porto Rico, and he
deems ihe opportunity a good one. If
it proves true that the Spanish fleet is
at Santiago de Cuba, he will, doubt
less, defer this action. The hulls of
these vessels are reported to be very
foul, notwithstanding the cleaning by
divers which they sustained three
months ago. Of two-fold importance
is such action. By removing the ma
rine growth from the hulls of his ships
their speed will be increased by one or
two knots at least, which will permit
an improvement in the squadron's
speed. In the second place the amount
of energy that will have to be expended
to drive the ships through the water
will not be so great when tb« barnacles
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
are removed, and coal can therefore ba
saved, resulting in increasing the ves
sels' radii of action.
One official with whom I talked to-*,
day told me the information he had 1
showed that the bottoms of the Span
ish men-of-war were fouler than hai
hitherto been believed.
"I do not think," he said, "that they
can make from eighteen to twenty
knots an hour, notwithstanding that
they made that record on trial. The
Vizcaya and Almirante Oquendo have
not been docked for four months at
least. This we know positively, be
cause the Vizcaya visited New York
about the time the Maine was destroyed,
and the Oquendo followed her not lonsj
afterward. Before leaving for th«L
United States the two ships were at
tached to the home station and later
touched at the Canaries, and this- would2
seem to show that probably five and
even six months have elapsed since they
were cleaned. What is true of the
Vizcaya and Oquendo is also possibly
true of the Infanta Maria Teresa and
Cristobal Colon. All these ships have
been in warm waters during the past
. six month^ We know from experi
ence that ir is absolutely necessary to
clean armorclads every six or nine
months. Consequently. I have no
doubt that the hulls of the Spanish men
of-war are very foul and that their speed
as a consequence has dropped off three
or four knots.
"While it is known that the Naval
War Board has given consideration to
the formation of a flying: squadron, in
fact and name, it can be positively stat
ed that nothing has yet been done look
ing to the formation of such a fleet, and
it is stated that nothing will be done in
this direction unless the Spaniards
should continue to evade the armor
clads."
"The fact is," said an officer, with
whom I talked, "that the board regards
the Spanish armored cruisers as vessels
which only battle-ships or armored
cruisers can meet with safety. The
armored sides of the cruisers and tur
rets are nine inches thick, so that the
six-inch guns of protected cruisers
could not penetrate this armor. None
of the protected cruisers, except the
Minneapolis and Columbia, carries guns
of greater caliber than six inches, so
that we must depend upon our armored
cruisers and battle-ships to do the fight
ing."
TERROR READY TO LEAVE
ST. PIERRE AT ONCE
Bepairs to the Spanish Torpedo-Boat
Destroyer Have Been
Completed.
ST. PIERKE, Martinique. May 19.— The
Spanish torpedo-boat destroyer Terror, at
Fort de France, has completed her re
pairs and is ready to leave at any mo
ment. The Spanish ambulance ship Ali
cante to-day changed her moorings from
the inner to the outer harbor in order to
take on coal.
The British steamer Twickenham, with
2000 tons of coal, has arrived at Fort de
France. It is reported that a contract
has been made with the Spanish Govern
ment under the terms of which the
Twickenham is to furnish coal for a two
months' basis at Fort de France. The
French Government has thus far refused
to allow the Alicante to coal from the
Twickenham, l.ut the Spanish Consul has
obtained permission for a five days' wait
for the Twickenham before declaring at
customs.
The excitement among the Spanish
sympathizers is very great.
TWO BIG SNOWSLIDES
ON VALDES GLACIER
SEATTLE, May 19.— Passengers of the
steamer Morgan City, which arrived here
from Copper River, Alaska, to-day, report
that two large snowslides occurred on
Yaitles Glacier, April 30 and May 1, in
which about one hundred people were
caiißht. Only three persons were killed.
They were: Joseph Furner, Chicago; B.
Antwerp, Minneapolis; A. Johnson, Eu
reka, Cal.
A report was current that four more
were missing, but it could not be con
firmed.
SOCIAL STIR
AT LOS GATOS
Town Officials Spoil an
Elopement.
PROMINENCE OF THE PARTIES.
PLANS FOR THE FLIGHT WERE
WELL ARRANGED.
Man in the Case Was About to
Desert Wife and Two Children
for an Eighteen-Year-
Old Girl.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 19.— Society circles
of Los Gati»s are greatly stirred up
over an elopement that was frustrated
at a late hour last night by a number
of town officials. The parties to the
proposed runaway were W. G. Harri
son and Lillian Sund, the 18-year-old
daughter of Hc-rnian Sund, a prominent
contractor and politician of that place.
Harrison is married and has a wife and
two children. Plans for the flight had
been well arranged. A negro with a
team from this city had been hired to
meet them at an obscure point and
drive them here, where they were to
take the 4:30 train this morning on the
way to Seattle. Justice Beggs and
Constable Reynolds learned of the mat
ter, and when Harrison and Lillian ap
peared at the appointed place to meet
the coachman they were taken into
custody. Both of the lovers carried
large bundles of clothes and were well
prepared for a long trip. Miss Sund
was escorted to her home, and Harri
gon was taken to Jail. He was released
this morning upon his promise to leave
the town forever.
EX-GOVERNOR FRANKLIN
OF ARIZONA IS DEAD.
Expires Suddenly While Taking an
Afternoon Nap on His Couch.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 19.— 8. J. Frank
lin, ex-Governor of Arizona, died sudden
ly this afternoon at his residence in this
city. He lay down to rest shortly after the
noon hour, and at 4 o'clock, when mem
bers of his family went to awaken him,
he was found dead on his couch. B. J.
Franklin was born In Mason County, Ky.,
and went to Missouri in 1860. He served "as
a captain in the Confederate army. In
1871 he was elected Circuit Attorney for
the Twenty-fourth Circuit of the State of
Missouri. In 1874 he was elected to Con
gress from the Kansas City District and
re-elected for a second term. He served
as a Consul at Hang Chow, China, under
Cleveland's first administration. Coming
to Arizona he was appointed Governor of
the Territory early in 18% by President
Cleveland and retired on the qualifying of
the Republican appointee fourteen months
later. He was an able attorney and a
Democrat in politics. ■ '
SERIOUS MORTAR EXPLOSION.
BAKER CITY Or., May 19.— An explo
sion occurred here this evening, when a
mortar was being fired to welcome the
troops fmm Idaho, who are en route to
Ban Francisco. An immense crowd had
gathered at the depot and the explosion
occurred in the midst of it. Curtis Spen
cer, a six-year-old boy, had his skull frac
tured and will die. E. A. Worswick had a
teg broken and Mrs. William Good, John
G. Foster and J. 11. Parker were badly
bruised.
LIVELY CHASE
OF TWO BOATS
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, May 19.— The cruiser Montgomery had a lively en
gagement Tuesday afternoon with two Spanish gunboats near Nue
vitas on the northern coast of Cuba. The Montgomery was return
ing from Porto Rico under moderate speed, when suddenly rounding
a headland she sighted two gunboats quite a distance out at sea. The
gunboats quickly saw the Montgomery, turned back with all possible
speed and ran for anchor. The Montgomery crowded on steam and
endeavored to cut the gunboats off, but unfamiliarity with the chan
nel caused her to lose time and the Spaniards succeeded in darting un
der the protecting batteries, where the Montgomery did not foliow for
fear of mines or running aground. m
During the chase, which lasted twenty minutes, the Montgomery
fired six shots from her five-inch forward after the fleeing Dons. The
practice was exceptionally good, two shells bursting near the gunboats,
and one carried away the foretopmast of one of the enemy's vessels.
Her rigging came down with a crash and the officers on the Montgom
ery think several Spaniards were injured. The gunboats checked their
speed and fired several shots at their pursuer. All flew wide. This
was the first time the Spanish gunboats were known to venture out of
that locality for several weeks.
CARRINGTON
URGED FOR
BRIGADIER
Regular Army Captain a
Candidate.
BACKED BY HIS FRIENDS
SENATOR FRYE TO DEFEAT
OTIS' ASPIRATIONS.
Men Who Will Secure Federal Ap
pointments Such, as Attorney,
Pension Agent and Ship
ping Commissioner.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, May 19.
Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman
of the California State Republican
Committee, has been here for several
days and incidentally has conferred
with'senator Perkins over the distri
bution of Federal patronage in the
State There are severaf good places
yet to be given out, viz.: United States
District Attorney, Pension Agent at
San Francisco and Shipping Commis
sioner, to say nothing of the brigadier
generalship. .-«_..__
It is pretty well understood that the
District Attorney ship lies between
Flank Coombs, who was recommended
by the delegation, and Tirey L. Ford.
The chances naturally favor Coombs,
although Mr. Ford's friends are mak
ing a Btrong fight for him
The pension agency will go to State
Bank Examiner Fuller. Paris Kil
burn will be made Shipping Commis
sioner to succeed Gwln, if this office
can be removed from the civil service.
The friends of Captain deL. Carnng
ton regular army, have begun a move
ment here In his behalf for brigadier
general of volunteers. They under
stand that President McKinley has
signified his intention of promoting
regular army officers to be brigadiers
of volunteer troops in most instances,
and this encourages them to believe
that Carrington may win, although
the President is strongly disposed to
appoint Otis. The fact that Senator
Frye of Maine is making a determined
fight against Otis leads Carrington's
friends to believe that their candidate
may stand a chance for appointment.
The Call correspondent understands
that Frye has sworn vengeance against
Otis for an editorial published in the
Los Angeles Times some time ago de
claring that the Maine .Senator was
under Huntington's control. This was
at the time that the controversy was
over the San Pedro harbor. Senator
Frye said to a friend yesterday: "I
did what I could to defeat the nomina
tion of Colonel Otis for Assistant Sec
retary of War, and he shall not be ap
pointed a brigadier if I have any in
fluence with the President."
Human Bones Found Near Novato.
SAN RAFAEL, May 13.— At the Coro
ner's office lies a collection of human
bones, the pile including a skull, several
ribs, an arm and a leg bone. They were
discovered near Novato yesterday by a
man, who brought them to the Coroner's
office and departed without leaving his
name or the circumstances attending the
discovery. The District Attorney will in
vestigate the matter.
THE RAX FRANCISCO CALL, FETDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA.
TO PREVENT
ANNEXATION
Senators Work Against
the Scheme.
OPPOSITION TO RETALIATE.
MAY HOLD UP THE WAR
ENTJE BILL.
Whichever Way the Ne-wlands Reso
lution Goes, Congress Faces the
Prospect of a Heated Con
troversy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 19.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Sena
tors who are opposed to Hawaiian an
nexation are now trying to prevent
annexation by the House of Represen
tatives on Newlands' resolution.
Since that resolution has been re
ported to the House plain intimations
have been conveyed to Chairman Hitt
of the Foreign Affairs Committee
that if the House should pass the reso
lution the enemies of annexation in
the Senate would retaliate by holding
up the war revenue bill indefinitely.
Pettigrew of South Dakota is a Sena
tor who has taken the lead in this
movement.
On the other hand the more earnest
advocates of annexation in the Senate
have intimated that action by the
House on the Newlands resolution
would accelerate the passage of the
war revenue bill. There are apparent
ly dangerous complications between
the annexation resolution and the war
revenue bill, whichever course Is taken
in the House.
Representative Hltt had a confer
ence with Speaker Reed to-day about
getting the resolution up for consider
ation in the House by means of a spe
cial order from the Committee on
Rules. No definite agreement was
reached, but Hitt is confident that a
special order will be reported in the
near future and that the resolution
will speedily pass the House.
There will be a delay in the Senate,
where the opponents of annexation are
determined to talk against time, and
present indications are that the only
way by which the matter can be
brought to a vote there is by holding
the Senate in continual session and
tiring out the opposition Senators.
Honolulu is to be miide a base for
obtaining coal and supplies for naval
and military expeditions to the Phil
ippines, and it has been pointed out
that should one of the troopships be
come disabled on the way to Manila
it might be necessary to land her
troops in Hawaii until arrangements
could be made for carrying them on to
Manila. ________________
Transports for the Philippines.
SEATTLE. May 19. - Tho British
steamer Pak-Shan has been offered to
this Government to transport troops to
the Philippines. Captain Robinson left
to-night for Victoria to make an official
inspection of the vessel. The steamer
Centennial, now in port and undw char
ter to the War Department, is to go on
the drydock at Port Orchard preparatory
to her voyage to Manila as Government
transport.
THREE HUNDRED
SPANIARDS SLAIN
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, May 19. — Until to-day no adequate estimate could be
made of the damage done to the Spanish forces at Cienfuegos last
week, when the cables were cut i»nder an attack by Spaniards, and the
Marblehead and Nashville bombarded the forts, lighthouse and forces
on the bench. It now appears that the Spanish loss was at least
300 killed. This information came to Captain McCalla to-day and
is believed to be accurate. The figures made show the fight at Cien
fuegos second only to Manila in blc.odshed.
Of course all the men in the lighthouse were killed, but that was a
mere bagatelle. There was a large force on the beach, consisting of
cavalry, artillery and infantry. They had field pieces. These soldiers
had attacked the boats' crews engaged in cutting the cable when the
Marblehead came up and opened fhe. All the officers ashore unite in
saying that the conduct of the men in cutting the cable was one of
the bravest exploits ever performed.
FRIENDSHIP
OF CANADA
Statesmen Express Their
Sympathy.
LIKE THE PARENT STATE.
OUR NORTHERN NEIGHBORS
ARE LOYAL.
While Speaking of the War They
Comment on theßrolonged Stay
of Spanish Minister Polo
y Bernabe.
REV-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OTTAWA, Ont., May 19.— 1n the
House of Commons Hon. Mr. deary, a
representative of one of the border con
stituencies, in discussing the American
alien labor law and the manner in
which it had been enforced against
Canadians, incidentally referred to the
Hispano-American War, saying that
the American people would come out
victorious, still there were not a few
who would not like to see the United
States get a "bit of a spanking" be
cause of its unfriendly treatment of
Canada. Cries of "No!" arose from all
parts of the House.
Premier Laurier, arising^ evidently
with some warmth, said: "I sincere
ly hope my honorable friend who has
just taken his seat, in his utterances
which at the moment called forth ex
pressions of dissent, speaks his own
personal feeling and not the feeling of
his party. I would rather hope that
upon the present occasion, though we
are bound to be neutral and must be
neutral In the present differences be
tween the United States and Spain, I
should like to believe that If there Is a
feeling at all apart front our duty as
neutrals. It is a feeling of sympathy
for those who are our neighbors and
who share the continent with us."
Sir Charles Tupper, opposition leader,
expressed entire acquiescence in what
the Premier had said, and concluded
his speech by saying: "While we are
bound to respect that complete neutral
ity that has been proclaimed by the
parent state in reference to the war
between the United States and Spain,
nevertheless, I feel that we cannot for
get that the people of Canada, as of
Great Britain, are but one branch of
the great English-speaking family,
and that the interests of peace, the in
terests of civilization and the interests
of the~world would be promoted by the
most cordial co-operation between the
two great branch nations."
Mr. Charlton, a member from On
tario, then called the Government's at
tention to the presence in Canada of
Senor Polo y Bernabe, late Spanish
Minister at Washington, who seemed to
be actively engaged in attending to an
office of war.
Premier Laurier replied that the
Government had no knowledge that
Bernabe had done anything to warrant
interference by the Government. At
any rate, the attention of the Govern
ment had not been called to the mat
ter. The British Empire had always
been the asylum of refugeen under
any circumstances. So long as the
Spanish Embassador did not abuse
Canada's hospitality, the Government
did not conceive that It was in any way
bound to take notice of his presence
here.
NEXT GRAND
LODGE FOR
SANTA CRUZ
The Pythian Session
at Santa Rosa.
NO CHANGE IN MEETING TIME.
GRAND OFFICERS ELECTED FOR
THE COMING YEAR.
Governor Budd Gives the Uniform
Bank Permission to Drill
and March Armed nnd
Equipped.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, May 19.— The session
of the Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias of California was called to or
der this morning by Grand Chancellor
W." H. Grant of Woodland, and was a
lively one. A proposition to change the
time for holding the Grand Lodge from
May to December was voted down after
a hot discussion. The special order of
business— the place where the next ses
sion will be held — was then called for.
Although several cities were in the race
until last night the fight this morning
had settled down to be a question of,
whether it should be Pasadena or Santa
Cruz. Amid great enthusiasm Santa
Cruz finally secured the honor.
A resolution was introduced instruct
ing representatives to the Supreme
Lodge to use their efforts to secure the
recognition of the Rathbone Sisters at
the next meeting of the Grand Lodge;
also declaring it to be a Pythian of
fense to speak disrespectfully of the
American flag.
It was announced that Governor
Budd would grant the uniform rank
permission to march and drill with
guns, as requested at yesterday's ses
sion.
At the afternoon session the follow
ing officers were elected to serve for the
ensuing year: Supreme representative,
vice Frank McGowan, resigned, C. F.
McGlashan'; trrand chancellor, C. L.
Patton; grand vice chancellor, H. R.
Arndt; grand prelate, W. T. Jeter;
grand master of exchequer, S. G. Lit
tle; grand keeper records and seal, H.
Schaffner; grand master-at-arms, C. O.
Alkire; grand inner guard, T. H. Black
man; grand outside guard, J. H. John
ston; grand trustees— G. H. Morrison,
A. Johrdahl and W. H. Esdor.
The session of the Grand Temple of
the Rathbone Sisters was called to or
der this morning by, Mrs. Lydia Mon
roe of Riverside, grand chief. The prin
cipal feature of the day was the elec
tion of officers, which resulted as fol
lows: Grand chief, Mrs. Mary V. Fitz
gerald, Sacramento; grand senior, Mrs.
Ida Merguire, Oakland; grand junior
Mrs. Juliet Stibbens, Riverside; grand
manager, Mrs. Lily Samuels, Oakland;
grand keeper of records and seal. Miss
Louise Holmes, East Oakland; grand
mistress of finance, Mrs. Bettie C.
Nickell. Los Angeles; grand prelate,
Mrs. Miriam Stacy, Stockton; grand
outside guard, Mrs. Lottie Brown, San
ta Marie.
Murder in the First Degree
OGDEN, May 19.— The jury in the trial
of John D. Douglass, charged with mur
dering his wife, brought in a verdict to
night of murder in the first degree, rec
ommending Imprisonment for life at hard
labor.
RELATED
BY AN EYE
WITNESS
Details of Bombardment
of San Juan Fully
Set Forth.
Monitors, Particularly the Ter
ror, Did Plucky Work, but
Their Fire Was Not
Very Effective.
KEY WEST, May 19.— An onlooker of
the bombardment of the fortifications
of San Juan de Porto Rico on May 12
by the fleet of Rear Admiral Sampson
gave the following details of that en
gagement. He said:
"The most remarkable feature about
the bombardment was the escape of
the fleet with so few casualties. The
enemy's fire was heavy and continu
ous, and the elevation of their batteries
gave them a tremendous advantage.
How they missed hitting the ships no
one understands. Their shots fell all
around, and their guns had capacity
for twice the range. Yet they only
landed two projectiles with any serious
effect. The San Juan affair strengthens
the opinion that well placed fortifica
tions make a hard task for even the
strongest battle-ships.
"The secondary batteries of the ships
were not used after the line had passed
before the forts. This was chiefly on
account of smoke. Drifting in front of
the turrets, it made the handlers of the
big guns liable to lose all sight of land.
"The admiral and his assistant chief
of staff, Staunton, were on the super
j structure on the lee side of the conning
i tower. They did not go inside the con
1 ning tower, which will probably not be
1 used in action unless the fire is coming
from both sides. So far it has proved a
rather useless institution. On the fore
castle, in the lee of the forward 12-inch
turret, were Lieutenant March, flag
secretary, and Ensign Bennett, flag
lieutenant, both of whom, with Staun
ton, accompanied the admiral from the
New York. Bennett had signal buoys
with him. His signal flags, in the can
vas bags, were made fast with a line
which Van around the turret barbette.
This was to prevent them from being
shot overboard.
"It took about four broadsides to
wake the Spaniards up. In the mean
time great yellowish white clouds were
rising from the hillside, marking where
our shells had fallen. Then a few
puffs of white and little lines of flame
came from nooks in the bluff. The
water spurted a few hundred yards
from the lowa and everybody was glad,
because they knew that the enemy was
TO USE HAWAII
AS MILITARY BASE
CHICAGO, May 19.— A special from Washington says: It Is prob
able that American troops will soon be occupying Hawaii. Presi
dent McKlnley agrees with all callers that the temporary occupation
of the Philippines is out of the question. Whether we desire it or
not we will be compelled to retain the islands for a long time, if not
permanently. More troops than now decided on will have to be sent
to Manila in the course of several months.
This contingency has appealed to the administration with such
force that the advisability of making Hawaii a base for both army
and naval operations has been discussed. It Is not known at what
time the American commander in the Philippines might need addi
tional men The distance between San Francisco and Manila might
endanger American prestige and many lives. To offset this possi
bility it is proposed to send probably 10,000 volunteers to Hawaii,
there to be held in reserve. They could be trained there and from
that point could be sent to Manila twenty days earlier than they
could if kept in the United States. The climate of Hawaii is excel
lent No finer point could be selected for organizing, drilling and
equipping raw recruits and getting them into shape for active field
service.
Will Not Bombard Canaries.
LONDON, May 20.— The agent in the
Canary Islands of a Liverpool firm
writes that the British Consul there has
been informed that the United States
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ARIVIT PROPOSALS!
WE PROPOSE to sell the Government or any. other buyer such goods
as we have in store or can readily obtain cheaper than any other house in
trade. *
WE PROPOSE to sell In 100-pound lots, or over, the best evaporated
white dry. Onions offered on the coast at 35 cents per pound. Finest food
for Manila or Alaska.
WE PROPOSE to sell tons of evaporated (white) Potatoes In lots
as wanted at 6 cents a pound. £
WE PROPOSE to sell heavy clothing and heavy shoes for army or
Alaska trade to*dealers, as well as to wearers.
WE PROPOSE to sell goods of good quality only and at such prices
as will induce trade and keep our force together during the dull times at-
tending the war excitement.
WE PROPOSE to sell the officers and soldiers bivouacked at Presidio
or Lime Point, or their friends, goods to keep them warm or for food at
prices that will astonish the purchasing parties.
WE PROPOSE, to sell the Red Cross societies, the Christian Endeav-
orers and all others who are aiding and abetting in charity's name those
who are going to the front articles for comfort, bags for clothing or other
essentials. : All goods needed at wholesale prices or less.
WE PROPOSE that those who leave our employ to serve the coun-
try shall have their places when they return if wanted, as we have done at
all times.
Wo deliver goods anywhere in town promptly.
We deliver same day in towns across the bay.
\|||§E^|! "l We pack safely and guarantee safe carriage. . y
CffHPjß IM| Sam j We make a great point of keeping best goods. ~
■ '•^■nflrS •.■-^JSbSSw / We """ ant to please buyers of all lines. ■ -r.:-. ;
■ \BuJBIBS&&SgBr/ We expect you to buy for your wants, not more.
N^Hr** 1 :.: . .." aSS^/ We understand packing for Alaska or foreign trad*.
. ;-. •^^*™?!!2-c<'^ All car lines bring you here for a single fare. ~
25=27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
fc
returning the fire. Before that tht
jackies had been glum. By this time
the smoke began to hang heavily and
the lowa was moist and covered with
saltpeter. Marine glasses had to b<;
wiped every fey minutes. The men's
faces were giimy and their mouths
were bitter from the saltpeter. Wher.
the big guns in the turret were fired
it seemed as if the ship was almost
drawn from the water in a straining
effort to follow the projectiles as they
whizzed shoreward. Behind, the In
diana's port side looked like a huge
fort, her own smoke hiding her star
board side.
"When the lowa was turned to gc
back to the starting point, the entir«
line was engaged. The New York,
stately, standing high out of the watei
and showing all her gracefulness, but
making an easy target, slowly ran the
gauntlet of two miles. While the en
emy's fire was at its hottest, two jack
ies stood at the lowa's bows, withoul
any cover, heaving the lead. They
worked just as calmly as if in New
York harbor. 'They can't hit us,
George,' sang out one of the men ta
another in the lee of the turret. Just
then a shell whizzed by. 'Rig a line
to that thing,' laughed the man In the
chains, pointing derisively to the watei
that spurted fifty yards ahead of him.
"The feature most discussed was the
wonderful pluck of the Terror and hei
escape from being hit. Shells simply
rained about her as she lay within 50*
yards of the forts, and blazed away
with her five-inch rapid-fire batteries.
The Amphitrite's trouble was with her
after turrets, and was caused by an
accident to the gear which supplies the
turret power. Several slight accidents
occurred on the ships, but on the whole
they were not as numerous as generally
happens during heavy target practice.
The strain on the men was rather se
vere. The heat of the sun wa^ intense
before 8 o'clock. The work done by
the engineer officers and their men,
who for three hours were under th*3
battle gratings in the intense heat, can.
not be too highly praised. The firing
of the monitors seemed hardly up to
the mark of the other ships, the heavy
swell causing them trouble and pre
cluding any degree of accuracy of
aim."
| will not bombard the Canary Islands,
I as the result of an arrangement be
' tween Great Britain, whereby, while
i Great Britain remains neutral, the
■ United States will abstain from such
bombardment, which would mean the
destruction of British property.Sn%&tt/2-*aßßsSS&!i{iiL. *^ great Hat named after the
mC^W American naval hero — the
CLd^cS jSPHSxI Deivey Alpine— in the pearl
shade with black bands, in
/tJJ^&^bM* ■ t^lwtL black, in seal brown and in
M»P <?^^^l %lrSj% cedar. Not a bit better than the
PNIL -^W Sl'S^ exclusive hatters' $2 Hat, but
""m l\ \ I 1 11 /I garments, with double-breasted
'' /^M I& M n nothing in town at double the
/s^l ly^«=LT*N^^l^^ money, will compare with 'em,
■« -vl/ g-if W&<Z%i. I geraie. Such good men's suits,
1 lli! ™''Mwn \C?> =r ' t**' such fashionable colorings,
jLj^' fSf'ljßfji^ V^^/SvrCW^C^Ji^vwi fashionably tailored, to-day
wfe: i?M uMffl} x&{*Zf^*» /» ' v^**^^ a/i(i Saturday, at
* ,|W $500.
O.II.IS^iKfAPIXY^T.
T.ff.E 'FRISCO BOYS.
#Some very clev-
i^f[ er bicycle Trous-
>rk ers, made in the
/\"\\ bloomer fashion
in high - class
/ M I Scotches, all
q v sizes, a big
\\t z^s^* special with us.
X f/W 'f double the mon-
jt \ iv i ey won't touch
 . ? 'em in other
1 1 Sail stores. Friday
V gl and Saturday
r#^ "''sl.3s. !
ENGLISH VETERANS
HAVE VOLUNTEERED
® CHICAGO, May 19.— The following message waa sent to-day: ®
® "CHICAGO, May 19. ®
® "To President McKinley, Washington. D. C. : I have the honor to of- ®
® fer you a full regiment of trained Canadian-American soldiers. Ma- ®
® jority have been under fire. We desire service with Merritt. ®
® GEORGE B. MAYNES, Lieutenant Colonel." ®
® Most of the men in the regiment, as well as Colonel Maynes him- ®
@ self, have at one ttrr.e been connected with the British army, either ®
® as regulars or in the military service in Canada and England. The ®
«•) majority are a fine body of men. In addition to the full regiment ®
® already tendered the colonel has about 400 on the enlistment rolls, ®
® and if the regiment tendered is accepted and another is desired he ®
® will, he says, be able to fill the second regiment on short notice. ®
® ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
UNIVERSAL
MOURNING
IN ENGLAND
Men of All Classes
Miss Gladstone.
MANY TRIBUTES SPOKEN.
BALFOUR ADDBESSES THE COM
MONS.
Expressions of Sincere Begret Over
the Death of the Grand Old
Man the World Loved
So Well.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
HA WARDEN. May 19.— Though the
news of Mr. Gladstone's death, which
occurred at 5 o'clock this morning,
spread rapidly, it was the tolling of the
Hawarden church bell which carried
the sad tidings to every sorrowing
home in this vicinity. Slowly the de
tails of the last moments of the great
statesman are coming out of the castle,
where the grief is too profound to be
intruded upon. The family was sum
moned at 2 a. m. owing to the sinking
noticed by the medical watchers.
From that time until Mr. Gladstone
peacefully passed away no one left the
death chamber. The only absentee was
little Dorothy Drew, who had tearfully
complained that her grandfather did
not recognize her. Even in that hour
of agony silent thoughts for others
were not wanting. The old coachman,
who had been unable to be present
•when the servants bade farewell to the
dying man, was summoned and re
mained to the end with his master.
At 8:20 a, m. Dr. Dobie took his leave
of Mrs. Gladstone and returned to
Chester, deeply affected. Indeed,
every one around the castle was In
tears.
The following dispatch haa been re
ceived at Hawarden from United States
»4 o/" pretty
wTt^T Bicycle Suits in
fine Scotches, no
i|p|ssJlif better suit in
Mi^M, town at #5.00,]
S made and built \
,«»-^£ 's^l by clever tailors \
/*i§P*iff aTi d bui I t
J ]Msgi on fashionable
Ml^^ml% These Friday
/fiHJ WKj/j an^ Saturday
Embassador Colonel John Hay:
"To the Rt. Hon. Herbert Gladstone—
I beg to present to all your family my
heartfelt expression of sympathy at your
personal loss and at the same time to rev
erently congratulate you and the English
race everywhere upon the glorious comple
tion of a life filled with splendid achieve
ments and consecrated to the noblest pur
poses. JOHN HAY."
LONDON, May 19.— The deepest man
ifestations of grief are seen through
out the country. Flags are half
masted, the bells are tolling, shades
are drawn down and in the public gal
leries here the pictures of Mr. Glad
stone have been draped with crape. The
Queen and the Prince of Wales received
an early intimation of the sad news
and immediately sent touching expres
sions of condolence to the widow.
Public opinion is profoundly stirred
by the death of Mr. Gladstone. A mem
ber of the Cabinet in the course of a
long interview said:
"It is difficult to find words adequate
to express one's feelings at such an
event. The disappearance of such a
central figure is a tremendous loss. In
Parliament and throughout the country
his influence over our public life was
unparalleled."
Lord George Hamilton said: "What
impressed me most in Mr. Gladstone
was his extraordinary moral influen-efe,
especially in converting the House of
Commons to accept his home rule bill.
Nothing but his personal influence
could have achieved so much in the
face of insuperable difficulties. I doubt
whether there ever was a parliamenta
rian who equaled him in his high stand
ard. His dramatic aptitude and quick
adaptability as an orator made him
equal to any emergency."
Sir Charles Dilke. Radical member
for the Forest of Dean, said: "Mr.
Gladstone's leading personal charac
teristic was old-fashioned courtesy,
while as a statesman it was his abso
lute mastery of finance, both in princi
ple and detail, a mastery which was
incomparable and superior to that of
any of his contemporaries."
Henry Labouj*here, editor of Truth
and Liberal nrember for Northampton,
.<;nd: "What impressed me most was
his power of concentrated effort. Once
he had decided on a course of action
every thought was bent to attain the
end. No duty was too arduous. He
was animated both by his supporters
and opponents, inspiring the former
with his own fierce energy, while if he
could not gain over the latter he
crushed them. It was to this grim de
termination that he owed most of his
success."
WASHINGTON. May 19.— The fol
lowing telegram was sent by the Sec
retary of State to-day:
"Hay, Embassador, London: Through
appropriate channel express to Mr.
Gladstone's family the sympathy and
sorrow of the American people at the
passing away in the ripeness of years
and fullness of honors of one of the
most notable figures of modern civil
statesmanship-"
THE SAN FBA3STCIBCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
a W Ladies' Puffs,
__JBi '■: i™ lawns and
/^§Jy^fegW percales, and at
SKs JKISi a ridio ulous
W^/Hnw^ price, an that
"
§ Another whirl
fj^ in White Linen
A jc^^fcTK Duck Trousers
for men, the
J^a, j .1 , * «!!% very best grade; ,
"^\AmSK^r warranted full
; Wj] > fcA shrunk; all
I 1/ lengths, all
It These Friday
p. \ and Saturday
""^ 89c.
SAMPSON NOW ASKS
FOR FURTHER TIME
Desires That the Invasion of Cuba Be De
layed Until the Ships of His Squadron
Can Meet the Spanish Fleet.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, D. C, May 19.
It is stated to-night on high authority that Admiral Sampson has asked the
Secretary of the Navy to postpone the invasion of Cuba for a few days in order
that the fighting squadron may "meet and destroy" the Spanish fleet, and that the
President has consented to allow a reasonable length of time for the continuance of
the search for Cervera's ships. In the meantime preparations for the landing of a
large force of troops will proceed vigorously, and as soon as the American com
mander has carried out his purpose or the Spanish fleet has left the Caribbean Sea
the bombardment of Havana will begin.
The Secretary of the Navy to-night
states that no information has been re
ceived at the department as to the
whereabouts of Admiral Cervera's
squadron. Two conflicting press re
ports locate it at San Juan, Porto Rico,
and somewhere off the coast of Costa
Rica, but both rumors are so vague
that, considering the similarity in sound
of Porto Rico and Costa Rica, they
may have come from the same source.
Admiral Sampson's request for fur
ther time ih which to pursue the Span
ish fleet is believed here to be based
upon an exchange of dispatches between
himself and Commodore Schley, com
manding the flying squadron. Rumors
have been current to-day that the two
fleets have formed a juncture, but there
is no official confirmation of these re
ports. It is probable that both Samp
son and Schley several days ago re
ceived notice from the Navy Depart
ment for a rendezvous for their dispatch
boats at which information and sug
gestions could be exchanged without
the necessity of uniting the two fleets.
The Oregon is now believed to be on
her way from the Barbadoes, where she
touched yesterday, to Key West. At
the latter port she will be ordered to
join Sampson's fleet, together with the
gunboat Marietta and the dynamite
cruiser Nictheroy, or Buffalo, as she
will be called after her formal delivery
to the naval authorities at Key West.
When the fighting squadron, the flying
squadron and the Oregon and her con
sorts are united it is understood that
Admiral Sampson will reorganize th«
v"^^-^^ J?oys' Sailors
V^jjjjT^^ and Yacht Cap s
v>^\J&» n leather, blue
\ cloth and fancy
y^J^L. Scotches; $1.00,
■^ *w 750 arid SOo
former price. Friday and Sat-
urday's price is
25c.
QUITE A
4. SWELL
*|/W AFFAIR.
\jW^7 swellest of Jack Tar Sail-
| j^ J or*, short trousers, in blue, a
\Jfc -J rich shade of blue.
/y A The swellest of Middy Suits,
I F\ \ with pretty little vests, anchors,
«£> fi^k stars and patriotic embroider-
J£? \\ m (t* y ies — real swell styles.
tkkJkJF jL-^r^ The prettiest of Long Trouser
JZjXfiyff^T^-^IOT^^ Middy Suits, in blue, man-of-
M^VVr^ WW\\ war's-men-likc.
( -J J VY /7 f. l\ \ The P r&ttiest °f Scotch Chev-
X^^LJy Qf'-L-i LJ lo^ R ee f er Suits, deep sailor
yJ\,\ * / *\j) collar, for lads between the ages
i/\v\ I / \\\ The prettiest of Double-breast~
JPTJ l/ 1^ f 3^^ jL/ X «i /tA er^ Suits for boys between the
™*Zj W li^M' ro to /*.*^l ages of 8 and 16, in Scotches,
.ArnL^F ■ki£L ■ m. \^*T " tough as iron for wear, and just
/^jT9t^^r^cM^^^~^-^ as dressy as anything can, pos-
I A , . j 1 I — \ All of the above suits have
//L— . J ' rAJ fit* ■!! V 1 been offered by us during the
/^uJO-tJ ■y/jf/X r^\ £llir3 ■*X / season at $5. They've been, to
&* l" ' 7"\ .tifflfifw/llh J ■'^^!>> lllli''''' " 1— i Ms*M ' s * a commercial term, great
I/\ mini (I ~ A WW%3^%\ A I sellers, but Friday and Satur-
1 / \i_J " > iwi. \^^^^\m. 1 day are days out of the usual
II II x^^ / \l\ jtoStf^lJwJhh order of things in our house,
1 1 '*rjA ] \v££jjr 8 111! Brine; at loss what to do. we
I _^L«fl^^A L?*\ Vl^^ 'M^mLß have gathered all these swell
H^ ■ ij^ W^ \^| Joo* goods together and allow you
the free choosing at
$2.98.
A whirl in
White .Dress
Ulufl Shirts for men;
yrs correct shape in
/jgf^M^y. bosoms, correct
Mr mC^ length inbosom.
Ml m V reai high-class
KIM /) goods, in our
\vr^f ii White Shirt
t*t^-^^ Section Friday
I Y/^ \| a^ci Saturday
r \ I' a *
48c.
fleets with a view of maintaining an ef
fective blockade of the northern coast of
Cuba, and at the same time keeping his
most formidable vessels free to follow
and attack the Spanish fleet. The moni
tors, which are of low speed and fre
quently require to be towed, will be left
with the less powerful cruisers to
blockade Havana, while the battleships
and the swift cruisers will keep up the
hunt for Cervera.
It is reported to-day that Blanco's
last cables have been cut These wires
leave the isiand at Santiago, and it is
said they were grappled for by launches
from American gunboats and cut in such
a manner that it will be impossible to
repair them, long sections having been
removed. The Navy Department has
no confirmation of this report, but be
cause of the instructions given some
days ago to "isolate Blanco" it is very
generally credited.
In view of the desire of the adminis
tration to cut Blanco off from commu
nication with the outside world the ac
tion of the State Department in grant
ing permission to subjects ot European
powers to go to Cuba as passengers on
the German steamer Polaria is the sub
ject of considerable adverse criticism
here. It is understood that among
others Gustavus Bock, a German sub
ject and a leading tobacco merchant,
will be permitted to land. He has lived
in Havana thirty years and has been
specially favored by both Weyler and
Blanco because of his pro-Spanish lean
ings. He has extensive business in
terests which would make it convenient
ijOTfvs 0) trl&
'~^« finest grades of
Y_^L Boys' i Percale
,*jff£pM|&^ L aun der & d
Jiii li^m TFa i s 11 8 ' all
nVlli^M made from Gar-
■j mm ner's Fine Per-
yflm lii^^ coles, with the
T-*-^--^W' detachable ool-
) \ i lar that permits
t tne vhttbe man to
wear a white collar if he
choose; $1 in most stores. Here
45c.
A soft, silky
jg&k^ Hose, in tans
s3j| and fast blacks,
JBShpOi or men; no
•v. IHV\ seams to annoy
i ok EH *ib
{JKaßm^f you.
\^B Bl These at
The Pair.
for him to be in Havana. Four or five
other persons are making strenuous ef
forts to secure permits.
So long as one individual is allowed
to go or the vessel itself is permitted
to go the number who are passengers
or form the crew is not important. In
formation which Blanco and the Span
ish authorities want will be within their
reach, and they will have their own
methods of getting it. As a naval offi
cer said to-day, "It is a waste of lives
to have our brave jackies shot while
trying to cut cables if they art to per
mit persons thoroughly familiar with
the situation in the United States to
visit Blanco."
A decided flurry was caused to-day
by the report coming by way of London
to the effect that the Spanish Govern
ment had secured from France a coal
ing station at St. Pierre, Miquelon,
near Newfoundland. State Department
officials, however, ridiculed the story,
saying first that France was hardly pre
pared to take such a hostile step against
the United States as the transfer of a
coaling station in time of war would be,
and second, that Spain would only be
able to hold it as long as a small Amer
ican fleet would require to sail to
Miquelon to capture it. In well in
formed circles the prospect that any
European power will openly assist is
regarded as exceedingly remote.
WILL BE EXCHANGED.
WASHINGTON, May 19.—Arrange
ments have been completed by which
Newspaper Correspondents Thrall
and Jones will be exchanged for Colo
nel Cortijo and Surgeon Julian, Span
ish officers now at Fort McPherson.
rSiVfTfflTff)^ Som& clever
y^ml Y'K' 1 Underwear spe-
qffljjjjp^fl • i I cials to-day for
lr^ /{*] f men, consisting
A\ vi ■■«■*■' of some very fine
/W / }\Jj ribbed gar-
(|jl|j mon 181 8 ; in
brown, blue and
many other shades. A well-
finished garment and just half
price for to-day and Saturday,
and that is
45c.
■■■•.'
jg&f^S^_ * 4^ boy's Sweat-
er '§£ *"*' with sailor
ifi * * ™ collar, in ma—
\l^. roon with white
stripes, and
B|Mpt^M navy with white
I\! H^*f and Saturday
i
CLOSING IN ON
SANTIAGO DE CUBA
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 19.— Refugees who arrived here to-day
from Santiago de Cuba on board the steamer Adoula say the Insur
gent district commanders in Eastern Cuba are moving nearer and
nearer to Santiago de Cuba. It appears that Brigadier-General
Mendez, by order of General Calixto Garcia, has brought the insur
gent forces from the extreme east to the neighborhood of Caiman
ero, on the south coast, and Brigadier-General Castilla of the insur
gent army has shifted his command to within twenty-five miles of
Santiago de Cuba.
Small insurgent bands engage in nightly raids past the outlying
garrisoned towns to within about six miles of the city of Santiago de
Cuba. They retire without pursuit after their forays. The con
certed design is to cut off the meat, vegetable and fruit supply of the
city and produce the effects of a siege.
In the meantime the prices of provisions at Santiago are even
less than they were three weeks ago, during the first panic following
the outbreak of hostilities between Spain and the United States, and
the expectation of being blockaded. Small cargoes of flour, grocer
ies and canned goods have been received by schooners from Jamaica
any Hayti, and the markets of Santiago de Cuba are full of fish.
Senor Enrique Capriles, Governor of Santiago de Cuba, in an in
terview printed in La*Bandera Espanola, of May IS, is quoted as say
ing: "Spain has 300,000 regular troops and volunteers in Cuba, and
we fight on our soil. Those of us who are from Spain are acclim
ated and we are entrenched. Therefore, one of us is equal to two in
vaders; yes, to three invaders. We hear America purposes to as
sail us with 100,000 men. Some reports say 150,000 men and raw lev
ies. We Invite four times that number to enrich our fields with
their carcasses. The greater the number the greater the glory. Let
us keep our hearts elevated by patriotism and thoughts of our
wrongs. Our flag has been called the 'golden and bloody flag of
Spain.' In our hands may it indeed win that name."
The feeling against Americans in Santiago de Cuba is most bit
ter. The Spaniards threaten to confiscate the plantations owned by
Americans.
INCREASED BY
TWO REGIMENTS
Additional Regulars for
the Philippines.
GENERAL MERRITT COMING.
LEAVES NEW YORK AND WELL
STOP AT WASHINGTON.
Number of Volunteers Mustered Into
the Service Has Now Beached
the Hundred Thousand
Mark.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— The force
assigned to the Philippines expedition
has been increased by two regiments
of infantry of the regular army. Ad
jutant-General Corbin to-night sent
telegraphic orders to the Tenth and
Twenty-third Infantry, now in camp
at New Orleans, to proceed at once to
San Francisco. They will report to
the commanding general at that point
and will embark for the Philippines as
soon as supplies and transportation
ggH^gaJPa ladies and gen-
hP mim£ tlemen, in navy
■ JHr blue with red,
\imHsh white and blue
/mm wk\ edgin g 8 ; in
/iim §& white Ottoman
I [Ml BK\ with red, white
£^^a%W&^ and blue edg-
ings. A very swell affair and a
fitting Scarf at a fitting time.
These in our Neckwear Seofn at
50c.
Swell Young Men
L-fke swell clothes. They have them t»
their heart's content in our big depart
ment devoted to Young Men's Suits.
Some of the prettiest of Suits in neat
plaid.s, in broken plaids, with th«
double-broasted Vest, which is the cor-
rect style for spring; tailored by our very
swollest tailors; double the money won't
touch as good Suits in any other stor*
in town. For such good Young Men'a
Suits to-day, we say
$4.48.
— —
fSome realolsv-
\ ' ." ) er Ni<?htrob6B+
V^/ fan cily em-
\ / / RT\ broidered, extra,
U^^y heavy Muslin,
0 <&^ 50 inches long
and full width;
reinforced gus-
Vj sets and seams;
Double the mon-
ey won't touch
ami better Xi^htrobe elsewhere.
These Friday and Saturday at
45c.
can be furnished them.
General Corbin said to-night that th«
number of volunteers mustered into
the service had now passd the* 100,000
mark. At 10 o'clock the actual num
ber reported mustered in was 98.238.
Three-quarters of an hour later the
mustering of an additional regiment
was reported, thus swelling the total
to a trifle over 100,000.
NEW YORK, May 19.— Major-Gen
eral Wesley Merritt, commanding the
Department of the Pacific, left to
night fcrr Washington on his way to
San Francisco, whence he will sail to
the Philippines. Lieutenant Hale of
his staff said to-day that General Mer
ritt would stay In "Washington u.itil
some time Saturday and would then
go to Chicago. He would leave there
on Monday, and the party would prob
ably arrive in San Francisco on the
following Friday.
CHICKAMAUG A NATIONAL PARK,
Ga,. May 19.— With to-night's arrival*
the three divisions of the First Provis
ional Volunteer Army Corps will b«
completed. The arrivals to-day block
aded the railroad" yards, but the offi
cials of the various roads have been
working together harmoniously to re
lieve the congestion. Twelve trains of
an average of fifteen cars each stood
on the sidings of one road at noon to
day awaiting a clearing on the main
track to the park, but shortly there
after they began to move. There were
at the park at 6 o'clock to-night 24,000
men.
To-day has been the busiest day at
the park since the volunteers began to
arrive, and the forces of the various
supply departments have been taxed
to the utmost to dispose of the business
promptly and without confusion. The
quartermaster's department has re
ceived all the supplies needed In the
matter of tents, uniforms, ammunition,
food supplies, etc., but no ordnance for
the artillery batteries or guns for tha
unarmed volunteers have been receiv
ed. They are expected, to-morrow.
34
FEARFUL WORK
OF THE WINDS
Ruin Wrought by the
Big Cyclone.
DEATH AND DESTRUCTION.
IN THREE STATES THE ROLL
IS INCREASING.
Funnel-Shaped Clouds Sweep Over a
Large Area, Causing a Great
Loss of Life and Prop
erty.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, May 19.— Forty-two per
sons are known to have lost their lives
and twenty-eight others aTe reported
dead as the result of the tornadoes
•which devastated portions of Eastern
lowa, Western Illinois and Northern
Wisconsin last night.
lowa heads the list -with nineteen fa
talities. They are as follows: Near
Rlggs Junction— Michael Hines, Mag
gie Maloney, James Maloney, Rose Ma
loney, Mar}' Call. Near Delmar— Oba
Allison, Pat Hynes, Sauren Clemsen,
two children of Francis Allison, A. D.
Hllder. William Grlem. Near Preston
—Charles Flora, two Flora children.
Near Quigley— William O'Meara, child
of John Clark.
Fourteen deaths are reported in Illi
nois as follows: At Stlllman Valley —
Michael Nelson, Mrs. Nelson, infant
son of the Nelsons, Julia Johnson. At
Byron— William Rees. At Adeline-
Thomas Mullen, — Shuntler. At For
est — Three small children of John Mass.
At Pawpaw — Mrs. Frank Chichester.
At Lanark — Nicholas Schultz, Samuel
Hoover, Mrs. John Kessler, all inmates
of the county poor house, which was
destroyed. Three other inmates were
fatally Injured.
Wisconsin reports nine known deaths,
with unconfirmed stories bringing the
total in that State up to thirty-seven.
The dead: At Antigo— lgnatz Barr,
Fred Billings, Goldie Sheldon. At Pen
nington—John Fosburg, E. C. Beck
man. At Zeigler— Fred Hanke, Mrs.
Hanke, Albert Hanke, Fred Hanke Jr.
At Elmhurst— Ten reported dead at a
lumber camp. At Heafford Junction—
Eighteen reported dead at Goodyear's
lumber camp.
WAUSAU, Wis., May 19.— The cyclone
which passed across this vicinity last
night and did its most severe damage !
Rt the village of Antigo, in Langslade j
County, took an almost straight course
northeast from one end of the coun
try to the other. That it did not sweep
through the city of Wausau, the heart
of which lay right in its path, is due
to the fact that at Rib Hill, southeast
of the city, it seems to have deflected I
from its course. Passing north and
east of Wausau it struck the farm
house of August Hanke, about a mile
and a hajf from Siegler postoffice,
which was demolished and Mr. and ;
Mrs. Hanke and four children per
ished.
Passing on toward Taegge, the saw
mill of the Curtis & Yale Company
was unroofed and practically demol
ished. The storm center crossed the
river at Granite Heights, seven miles
north of Wausau, and the sawmill of j
David Finn was damaged and his stock i
in pile blown about. From there the j
path of the storm to Antigo lay 1
through uninhabited timber country. At
Antigo it struck the northernmost part
of the village and made a path about
a quarter of a mile wide, where the vil
lage extends for about three-fourths of
a mile. There were thirty houses de- ■
stroyed. The dark, funnel-shaped cloud j
swung along toward the village with i
terrific velocity. It seemed to be com
ing straight toward the business part
of the city, when suddenly it was seen
to veer slightly to the north and the ;
damage was much lessened by the i
slight change of course.
CHICAGO, May 19.— Conductor E. D.
Carroll of the Chicago, Milwaukee and I
St. Paul Railroad, who arrived in this !
city to-day after a run of over 150 miles
through the storm center in lowa and
Illinois yesterday, says:
"The first report received of the death
and disaster caused by this storm fails ■
to give the full account of the havoc
worked. When full reports are re
ceived I believe it will appear that yes
terday's storm was one of the most de
structive on record.
"At Ellwood, a point half-way be
tween Marion and the Mississippi, the
worst havoc was wrought. Several peo
ple were killed and the buildings of
the town were swept from their found
ations. At Delaware Junction I re
ceived news that four persons had been
killed; at Briggs Station report was
brought of many buildings leveled and
two persons killed; at Preston five were
reported dead, and then the train
crossed the Mississippi into Illinois.
"At Savannah news was received of
the killing of four persons at Teades
Grove, the first station east of that
city."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the tat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap?
Pears'.
All aorta of stcrea sell it, especially druggists;
all sort* of people use v
RETURNS TO
MARE ISLAND
Charleston Delayed by
Leaky Tubes.
CONDENSER PIPES DAMAGED.
SO THE WAR VESSEL GOES
BACK TO THE YARD.
Work of Repairs Will Be Carried On
Day and Night in Order That
No Time Will Be Lost in
Departing for Manila.
ON BOARD THE CRUISER
CHARLESTON, via VALLEJO, May
19.— Owing to a slight accident to her
machinery, which might have been
most serious If it had not been discov
ered just when it was, the cruiser
Charleston was compelled to put back
to Mare Island early this morning for j
repairs which Captain Glass thinks it I
may take a day or possibly forty-eight !
hours to complete.
The cruiser left the navy-yard, bound
for Manila, promptly at 10 o'clock on !
Wednesday morning. She steamed
down the bay under a good head to
Red Rock, opposite the upper end of
Raccoon Straits, when the ship was
swung and her compasses adjusted to
get the angle of deviation caused by
the eteel of the hull. It was a most
interesting process and lasted, as the
navigating officer had figured it would,
during the greater part of the after
noon.
It had been the intention to figure
up the results of the compass adjust
ment during the night— and this was
what was done— and run out to sea
early this morning, but during the pro
cess of swinging ship it was discovered
that the tubes in the condenser of the
boiler were leaking, and to so great
an extent as to render repairs advisa
ble at the earliest possible moment.
There was not, of course, any danger
to the ship in this condition of affairs,
excepting the remote danger that the
salt water overflowing into the bollers
from the condenser, would make a
scale of salt and eventually wear out
the boiler through disintegration. There
was likewise the condition that salt
water in the boilers would retard the
vessel's progress and cause a greater
coal consumption for the voyage — a
most serious consideration in view of
the supply possible to carry in the
bunkers and the length of the prospec
tive trip. Of course Captain Glass
could have taken his ship to Honolulu,
where the repairs needed could be
made, but they could be made there
neither so effectually nor so expedl
tiously as at Mare Island, which was
?lose by and where all the tools needed j
ror the work were right at hand. More
over, with full steam on it was im
possible to take the caps off the con- j
iensers and ascertain whether one or
a dozen tubes were leaking. If only
3ne were faulty, the one csuld bo
plugged and the cruiser go on her way
with only a few hours' delay. If mort,
than one was at fault, then the defec
tive tubes could be taken out and new
and sound ones substituted. But so
long as the exact extent of the damage
was unknown the captain and the chief
engineer would be working in the dark,
rhe boilers of the Charleston had been
Siven a short trial in the yard before
:he vessel started for sea. Everything
had been found to work satisfac
torily. The condenser tubes wert>
sound and the machinery perfect in all
ts parts. The longer test and highev
3peed of the trip down the bay had
leveloped defects theretofore latent,
rhe condensers were leaking with salt
ivater, and while ail that might come
from one brass tube, worn by age or
lefective in the original casting, on the
Jther hand there might be a sufficient
number of tubes defective, in addition i
:o those plugged at the yard in making !
"epairs, to seriously cripple the cruiser |
it sea, or even to cause a breakdown j
perhaps at a moment when to break (
lown would be fatal. In a vessel go- j
;ng to tempt the fortunes of war, whoss
first mission out of port was believed
to be to act as escort to the fleet of
3hips carrying the California troops to
Manila, It was decided, and wisely, not
to take even a remote chance of a
breakdown.
The Charleston lay all night at the
head of Raccoon Straits, within sight
and almost within hearing of the land,
but It was long after midnight when
the conclusion was finally reached to
go back to Mare Island for repairs.
At half past 4 this morning the ves
sel got under way, and at half past 7
she was once more in the yard and the
work of inspecting her boilers to as- ■>
certain the exact nature of the defect j
begun. The work will go on every
hour, night and day, so that the delay I
In reaching Admiral Dewey will be as
brief as possible.
The examination of the condenser of
the Charleston made to-day shows that
the vessel will not be delayed more
than forty-eight hours in getting away
to Manila. It was demonstrated in
one of the condensers examined that
rmly one tube was leaking and this was
the condenser that gave the most trou
ble. This tube will be replaced and
the other condenser opened to-morrow.
The examination has shown that the
blame for the delay in getting the ship j
away was with the contractor who fur
nished the tubes from the East, and
not with the navy-yard officials. The
tubes, all of them new. were furnished
on contract by a Norfolk (Va.) concern
and being made at cheap rates were
also probably made by cheap process.
There was no way to determine their
quality, of course, until they had b^en |
tested, and made as they were, they j
w-pre apt to split even while in transit !
to the coast before they had been used I
at all, and as soon as the ship reached
the yard this morning new tubes were
ordered from the Union Iron Works,
5500 of them, and as the ship's conden
sers only require 2895 altogether, she
will bo outfitted all ri#ht when she
puts to spa again. The spare tubes
will be taken down on the ship.
The story telegraphed to the New
Fork Evening Journal to the effect that
sue of the crew of the Charleston had
tampered with her machinery is ab
surd on its face. The condenser tubes
are five-eighths of one inch in diame
ter and are placed in a vacuum cylin
der. To reach the tubes to tamper
with them it would be necessary for
the alleged tamperer to take out the
low pressure valves of the engine (a
manifest impossibility) removethecon
denser head, a work which required a
large force from the navy-yard nearly
all day. crawl into the vacuum and cut
the tubes; oi*thealleged tampererwould
have to Jump overboard and get him
self pumped up with the salt water
into one of the five-eighth inch tubes,
when he would have to cut the brass
tube from the inside. The yellow
journal, it is clear, can get no sensa
tion out of the sensible precaution ta
ken by Captain Glass to secure th«
most perfect safety of his ship.
Captain Glass himself told me to
night that the Evening Journal state
ment was utterly without foundation.
SOL N. SHERIDAN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
QUEEN GRACE
NOW WIELDS
THE SCEPTER
Crowned With Pomp
at Santa Rosa.
FLORAL CARNIVAL BEGINS.
DULL CARE TO BE BANISHED
FOR A WEEK.
Elaborate Programme for the Amuse
ment of Citizens, the Visiting
Pythians and Rathbone
Sisters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, May 19.— The City of
Roses has been at last turned over to
sweet Queen Grace and her court, and
from now on until the last of the
week dull care and toil have been ban
ished from the city's gates.
Never before has Santa Rosa pre-
MISS HELEN DOUGHERTY, Queen of the Rose Carnival.
sented a scene of such gaiety. The
Btreets are one radiating mass of color,
the red, blue and yellow of the carni
val colors being blended with the deli
cate shades of the floral decorations
and gTeenery on every hand.
To-night the lights from 13,000 Jap
anese lanterns which are strung across
the streets In rows twenty-five feet
apart the entire length of Fourth
street, Hinton and Exchange avenue,
cast their gleams upon a brilliant
scene. The city is thronged with visi
tors, and the glare of electric lights,
augmented by the thousands of lan
terns, has turned night Into day.
Bands parade the streets, and the open
air concert from the courthouse porti
co attracted a vast throng of specta
tors. "No sleep till morn" It Is plainly
to be seen has been adopted as the
motto by the thousands of visitors
within the city gates, and, as the eye
gazes over the brilliant scene the City
of ltoses presents to-night, no one
could for a moment think of doing
otherwise.
Shortly after 8 o'clock to-night the
beautiful ship, "Queen of the Carni
val," the flagship of the fleet that will
In to-morrow's great floral parade be
the gorgeous crowning feature, left its
moorings in what has come to be
known as the "Navy-yard " and
steamed to the home of Queen Grace,
who now holds the destinies of the
city within her tiny grasp.
The Queen and her attendants were
ready and soon had taken their places
on board. The gallant vessel then
steamed direct for Courthouse square,
where, upon a raised dais, erected es
pecially for the occasion, the public
coronation of the Queen took place.
The scene presented was one of un
rivaied beauty. A wealth of floral
treasures had been spent in the deco
rations, myraids of electric lights in
terspersed their rays among the many
hued petals lavished upon every hand,
and the bands discoursed sweet music.
After the l.oral crown had been
placed upon the royal brow Mayor
James S. Sweet presented the sovereign
with the key to the city made of pure
gold. The queen's chamberlain then
announced that by a royal edict from
her Majesty dull care had been ban
ished from the city's limits and Pleas
ure would hereafter hold full sway.
The queen and her royal retinue then
were taken to Ridgeway Hall, where
the grand carnival ball was held.
Queen Grace and her escort occupied
places upon a raised platform at one
side of the auditorium, while those
present all united to do her homage.
To-morrow afternoon the great floral
street pageant will take place. The
most elaborate preparations have been
made to insure the success of every
feature and the display will undoubted
ly excel in beauty and any previous
effort made by the City of Roses in the
arrangements for any floral festival.
The beautiful fleet, consisting of the
"Queen of the Carnival" and the two
monitors "Damon"' and "Pythias" will
be the crowning feature of the parade,
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
Thi tto- fl
though a gTeat array of floats and dis
plays of like nature have been entered.
In the juvenile carnival division of
the parade will be over 125 entries, con
sisting of every conceivable thing of
a movable nature capable of being
decorated with floral treasures. Dog
carts and pony carts will be there
galore, and there is no telling how
many more features of this nature will
be entered before to-morrow noon, as
the entries are still coming in.
In the rose carnival division Walter
Morosco of San Francisco has entered
his famous eight-horse drag:; President
A. W. Foster of San Rafael his beauti
ful team of six Shetland ponies; Mrs.
Thomas Hopper her splendid carriage
and pair, and almost every one in the
city having suitable turnouts will ap
pear in line. The Irene Club has pre
pared an elaborately gotten up float, as
has also the Santa Rosa branch of the
Rathbone Sisters. In fact there is lit
tle use in attempting to enumerate the
many features that will be seen in the
great carnival parade here to-morrow
afternoon.
POLICE INTERFEBED.
Lawler and Maxwell Prevented From
Fighting on Account of Pro
fessionalism.
Sergeant Martin and the police gen
erally -were roundly hooted by about 800
disappointed sports who had attended the
Alpine Club's initial event to see Jimmy
Lawler try to put Mr. Maxwell to sleep
or vice versa.
In a pointed way the sergeant informed
the management at the last moment that
the match could not go on, as both con
testants were professionals. When the
announcement was made it was greeted
with groans of disapproval, but the police
were not disconcerted.
"Kid" Maynard and "Kid" McFadden
were put on as substitutes, and gave a
lively eight-round exhibition, which was
declared a draw. McFadden was the
! aggressor throughout the bout, and many
j thought he deserved a decision.
Arthur Jackson was "put to sleep" by
Young Peter Jackson in the fourth round.
Fatal Accident at San Luis.
SAN LUIS OBrSPO, May 19.— 8y the
accidental discharge of a shotgun Clyde,
son of M. It. <'arroll, a prominent citizen
of Caml)ri;i, waa instantly killed.
AM A MAN.
f? That Is a grand and a great
if thing to be able to say. To
■<■ Know that you are a whole
*■ roan is to Know that you are
j? a specimen of the highest
;' creation. You are not a whole
j roan, though, if you have
f tired limbs; Weak Knees, lack
f of confidence In your own
r; powers, or a dull feeling of
I gloom and care. The«whole
| mar) is the one who feels
: life's blood bounding through
n his veins, carrying fuH Joy
i With it. If you are not sue!)
y a roan as this, what has
'$ caused you to be puny ? Ex-
i i cesses ii) youth, perhaps. But
| n>en often go to "excess, too.
\ Waste follows, and a half-
v mar) is the result. "Hudyar),"
- the great remedio-treatment
| of the Hudsonlan doctors,
\ though, will maKe a roan of
I you again if you aresufferiog
I from the effects of folly. It
j re-creates vital .force and
; j sends virility to weaklings.
It has done this for 20.000
Sf n)en, and thousands of thero
were more debilitated than
you are to-day. Send forab-
£.' solutely free circulars and
0 testirooQials, telling you what
A it is aod what it has done.
£ Send for free medical advice,
| too. In a rnontl) your frierjds
won't know you, and you
jl will be able to say agaio
1 wit!) truth I
j AM A MAN.
wmxm
Blood taint in all Its forms Is cured
by "30-day blood : cure." . Circulars
about it are ; free, too. If you see any
sign write and . ask for them. '' Watch
loose teeth; copper-colored spots, etc.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS., •
«an Francisco.
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outlnr there and drink
from the famous ■•
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged. V~f
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing?* Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shuffleboard. Livery and Burro* for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 per
week. -
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth et., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
SPECIALJIOTICE I
THE TAVERN OF CASTLE CRAG
Will Be Open for the Reception of Guests
JUNE FIRST,
Owing to the favorable weather conditions in
the Shasta region and at the request of many
patrons The Tavern of Castle Crag will be
opened for the reception of guests Wednesday,
June 1, two weeks earlier than usual.
The resasonablecharges and the superior man-
agement which have characterized this well-
known resort vill he continued.
Applicants for accommodations prior to June
1 should address Mr. George Schonewald, Man-
ager, room 69, Union Trust building, San Fran-
cises. After, above date they should address
him at Castle Crag, Shasta County, Cal.
SARATOGA SPBHS.
Lake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mall
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS, Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco, 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paralsp stands unsurpassed: round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. i\, $8; trains leave daily
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
01/lOHP HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
\lvullil\ Only iV * hours from S. F. and
UIInUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers* room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEICLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
th« midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINO, Manager.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1730 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding.
driving. $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANOWIN. Angwln. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick, Sisklyon County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious .Umate; pic-
turesque . scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages ior
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. ' : Address St.
Helena Sar.'tarium. St. Helena, Cal.
HILLSIDE FARM.
: Fine spring water, fresh butter, errs and
milk; magnificent location; grand scenery.
Rates,' $7 to $9 per wek: children, half price.
Address MRS. B. KUNZEL, Napa. Cal. ;.. „.
AT BELMONT,'- SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Board for summer months; private family;
croquet grounds; large sunny rooms, billiard
room and salt water swimming baths; con-
venient for business men and families. . MRS.
M. HANSEN. ■ ' .- . ■-■■■■
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most , wonderful waters; all kinds of i skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates ; slo to $18
per week. Longdistance telephone. Address
J. A. HAYS, Proprietor. Lake . County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled - soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
nished cottages; terms $10 to «12 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWELL.'
Proprietor. Hopland. Cr.l. „
LAUREL DELL LAKE;
: ' Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure: '
new • dining-room, 130 ft. lake : frontage; ; new
stable and livery; boating ■ and ■ bathing *" free;
$8 to $14 per week; round trip, $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. Of,, Lake County. Cal.
DEER PARK INN
(Lake ,Tahoe), ■ elevation 6507 feeet, opens June
1. - Fine * accommodations. ; Cottages ; with =: pri-
vate ; baths j and open fires. Table unsurpassed.*
R. R. rates, $18 60 > for ROUND 1 RIP. •< J. 8.
LIBBY, room 1. Flood building, San Francisco. \
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
-s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of the NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Routs of California.)
If you want to ' camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 200. well
stocked with trout. '
If you want l to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life , visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the home Ufa of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply :at i Ticket
Office. IU Market .st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office, Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
* . R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, in Marln, Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, along Sonoma Creek
and* Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered' dally at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building,* Sansome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager. . ".".._■ . . • ' -. ' : ■■ ••■' ■ - '
— « ." " -An - ideal • place for rest.
M^A.^m _- recreation and health.
/■"* Til ; Naturally warm mineral
iHLLIiLI water in swimming tank
— -—••»»*■•' End tub haths. No stag-
ing — private rig meets
/"V • . train at St. Helena. Round
V *\-4*4infYC* ftp tickets. $7. Rates, $10,
jDilllJlS ? 2 Vi a —
i O W. _. MITCHELL,
Manager, Lidell, Napa
S. F. Agent. County, Cal.
F. V. OWEN, Claus Spreckels Building.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Boot to Visit This Summer. : -Ni
Boats free to guests.'. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds anil careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because it Is
clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure wafer. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis - court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming _ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table \ unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 60 per
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPO& IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $S to $10 per we?k;
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars Trite W.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad, Lake County.
Urnnn i VCV And good treat-
UUUII LUI/A. ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal. '
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; : free conveyance for parties -of two or
more: grand tedwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seavietv, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars. ! • .
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 199
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflce
in hotel; rates, $10 and up; fend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. 8. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor. . --'•,: -
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTB SPRINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal. ■ --•• " ] ■ ■■-•■-■-
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
• ■ Lnkeport, Cnl. ,
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing- rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to _
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. C»X
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In Lake County; hunt-
ing, fishing, boating, swimming : table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay.
Kelseyville. Lake County, Cal.
SUMMER HO/VIB FARM.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort;: cottages, tents, i hunting and fishing; ar- ,
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone;;; campers' return tickets
$2 60. Send for circular to J. H. HAE3TER3.
Olenwood. Cal. a . • -■
LE TRIANON HOTEL. :
Reopened. New , management. • Beautifully
situated - on Upper Blue Lake. Lake ; C 0. .; Cal.
Leave S. F. 7a. m., arrive. Trianon ' 6, p. ;m.
Fishing, J hunting, boating and bathing. *■- Supe-
rior table. ; Chicken dinners Sunday, .Wednesday
and Friday. •- Terms. $7 to $10 per week.- \
W. S. PHILLIPS, Bertha P. 0., Lake Co.; Cal.
El Paso da Rabies Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL' AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For information call or write W. 11. COW-
ARD. 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
| A MAGIC_ ISLAND I
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without ft
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dancing, pyrotechnics, water
j carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
I Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
1 Open July 1. SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT
for campers.
Full information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles. Cal.
HIGHLAND SPSIH6S,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new ewlmmlng tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office. 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
ROWARDENNAN.
SantS Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
2 hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room In Santa Crua
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip. $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South Ben
Lomond, or see W. H. MENTON, 613 Market
St., San Francleco. . ■ .
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood, county of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery; c. ovation WOO
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. . Stage fare, 50c,
over a mountain boulevard, where the nicest
scenery is to be'seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHAPS, Glenwood.
XJg~W%7 A T"*r^ SPRINGS.
HOWARD c^ HeH co pp u N °fv
KR\J ▼▼ rtlVl/ LAKECOUNVY
• Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $3, $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, 61S
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
Vif TOCALOMA. ■>£-
BERTRAND HOTEL.
First - clans accommodations: reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAM) or 321 Kearny st.
MONTE VISTA,
Sierra. Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table." All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs of
pure, soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN, Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat. Placer County, Cal. -
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
CALAVERAS_BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. J. L. SPERRY, Manager.
JAMES M. HUTCHINGS, Agent, 30 Mont-
gomery street.
ORR'S HOT SPRINGS— miles from Uklah;
charmingly located; »4 • mile from the red-
woods; fine fishing and hunting; free hot
mineral baths, water 106 degrees; sure cur*
- for rheumatism and skin diseases; round trip
fi ED: term $1 to $1 50 per day; best family
board. J. H. ORR, P. 0., Mendoclno Co., CaL
WRITE W.H. MILLER, Ukiah, for livery ac-
commodatlovis to springs In Lake and Men-
doclno counties to save money. - *>:;
WRITE SMITH & HILL. Ukiah. for livery
accommodations to springs In Lake and Men.
docino counties to : save money.
FURNISHED cottages In Ross Valley; 8 room*;
$15. Inquire 924^4 Jackson st., S. F. '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. -: Sent -to any address 'In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
I . free. .
./SgS.OEWEY,STRONG &Co.>»gN.
ft >}
■ \£B^33o MARKET ST. Sf.S§_y
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS, THE
great- Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs. » •NEBRASKA VOLUNTEERS ARRIVE
Opening of the New Camp at
Richmond— Kansas Regi
ment Due To- Day.
INCOMING
VOLUNTEERS.
According: to Information received
from the Southern Pacific^ the flr.^
of the four sections of the train
bringing the Twentieth Kansas left
Ogden at 2:90 8. m. May 19, and, al
lowing thirty-six hours from Ogden
to this city, should arrive here at
2:30 o'clock this afternoon. The
other three sections, closely follow
ing, should be in by -6 o'clock this
evening
The tlrst of the four sections of
the train bringing the Minnesota
regiment, which left Ogden at 6:15
a. m. on May 19, should arrive at 6
o'clock this evening. The other
three sections should follow in loss
than hourly intervals.
The first of the four sections
of the train bringing the Colorado
Regiment of Volunteers left Ogden
at 11:15 a. m. on May 19, and should
arrive ai Oakland at 11 o'clock to
night. Other sections will closely
follow. The troops will probably
- the ba.y early on Saturday
morning.
The Tenth Pennsylvania Volun
teera ajid the Fifteenth United
es Infantry are on the rail, but
will not arrive before next Mon
day.
The Idaho troops, numbering 600,
leave Boise City this afternoon,
ajid wi!l arrive here on Sunday
mornfng-.
The I"tah contingent left Ogden
la.st night, and should arrive on
Saturday morning.
As an example of the lack of system
in Washington a few facts which
have recently come to light may be
cited. A few days ago the adjutant
general of the I'niu>d States army
wired to Governor Budd that Califor
nia troops organized under the Stare
law and accepted by the Government
would be entitled to officers under such
law In accordance with this ruling:
the Governor decided to issue commis
to four first lieutenants of in- '
fantry, four second lieutenants of in- j
fantry and two additional lieutenants
of artillery. These were selected to
fill the positions of ordnance and com
missary officers and to provide for trie
First and Seventh Regiments respec
tivi Iy an assistant surgeon. Yester
telegram was received from the
general's office in "Washingr
mclng that the Secretary of
fused to authorize the muster |
• mal lieutenants. The situa- !
- efore embarrassing. If the ,
I
Colonel Smith Receiving the New Colors From Hugh Craig, President of the Chamber of Commerce— Arrival
of the Colors at Headauarters.
War Department would make one rul
ing and abide by It a vast deal of con
fusion and delay In organizing troops
would be avoided.
The order from the War Department
which revokes the former ruling made
to the Governor may not work any
particular hardship bo far as ordnance
and commissary officers are concerned,
but It places Dr. Hancock of Los An
geles, who was appointed assistant
purgeon of the Seventh, and Dr.
O'Brien of San Francisco, assistant
surgeon of the First, in a somewhat
awkward position. Dr. O'Brien re
signed his place as Health Officer in
this city to accept service with the
regiment and was assigned to duty
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Newest
BICYCLE —
With the j.l
Oldest Name—'
Chainless Bicycle
Makes hill-climbing easy.
Makes touring a delight.
Makes bicycling more than ever a pleas-
ant, healthful and cleanly exercise.
The COLUMBIA CHAINLESS
Is in a Class Alone.
Ride It at Our Expense—
\A/e'll Prove Our Claims.
Pope Mfg. Co., Makers
344 Post St., San Francisco.
1970 Page St., near Park Entrance.
IA/M. CLARK,
102 Telegraph A y «., Oakland.
yesterday by Major White, chief sur
geon of the Manila expedition.
It is suid that General Otis looked
surprised yesterday when he saw the
number of commissioned officers on
the roll of the (California volunteers.
The general should have seen a Cali
fornia r< ster of troops some years ago
when half the force of the National
Guard consisted of staff officers. The
California troops may be officered up
to full limit of any possible military
emergency and perhaps every mother's
shoulder-strapped son expects his
daily tribute of salutes, but it can be
said to their credit that they are ready
to go to the front and take whatever
comes to the men of the command.
They are not like some of the officers
of the regular service, pullingand haul
ing for influence to obtain soft billets at
Washington and New York.
If the story is correct that the Gov
ernment is purchasing mules in Balti
more to outfit the expedition for the
Philippines, then some Washington
quartermaster of the ideal staff corps
is fully aroused to the peril of the sit
uation in the Orient. Of course it cuts
no figure in Washington that good
mules are plentiful in Calfornia and
cosi no more here than they do in Bal
timore. Old-time army officers of the
regular service laughingly say that
some railroad company has got the ear
of the staff corps in Washington, and
spread the story that mules cannot be
found west of the Rocky Mountains.
Yesterday Captain Lockett of the
Fourth Cavalry and Lieutenant Martin
of the Fourteenth Infantry received
telegraphic instructions from Washing
tori to purchase horses. This signifies
that the Fourth Cavalry is slated for
the Manila expedition. Each tro.-t. of
the squadron at the Presidio is being
recruited to a strength of 100 men and
the horses called for are to supply the
recruits. Captain a. H. G. Gale, Fourth
Cavalry, has beer, designated as officer
in charge of recruits.
At State headquarters high praise !s
given to Colonel John R. Berry, Seventh
California United States Volunteer In
fantry. Yesterday he filed in the of
fice of Adjutant-* General Barrett a re
celpt for every article of State prop
erty received by the Government from
the State of California. On this re
celpt of the regimental quartermaster,
duly authenticated by the colonel com-
mandlng the regiment, the State will
be enabled to collect from the general
Government the value of the property
supplied for the emergency. It Is also
highly creditable to the Seventh that
a requisition has been made and duly
approved by the chief quartermaster
for everything that the regiment re
quires for the Manila expedition, or at
least everything that the regiment is
entitTted to under the regulations. The
Seventh is making a splendid record
for observance of military methods and
-will surely be selected for important
work by future brigade and division
commanders.
At a meeting of the officers of the
Seventh last evening the following let
ter was read and acknowledged by a
vote of thanks:
To the Officers and Men of the Seventh
Regiment. California Troop: Ladies from
the Alameda churches wishing to do
something for your comfort have made
you some bags for your pockets, filling
them scantily that they may not be bur
densome, and we have also brought a
little home cookinp, which we trust will
bo found acceptable. More will follow on
Saturday. With many good wishes and
prayers for your safety, believe me,
yours very truly, MRS. J. Q. WARD.
President Ladies' Aid, First Congrega
tional Church.
FLAG PRESENTATION.
Chamber of Commerce Gives a
Stand of Colors to the
First Regiment.
The Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco yesterday confided to the First
Regiment of California, United States
Volunteers, the sacred flag of this repub
lic and its fitting mate, the colors of the
State of California. Imposing in the ex
treme were the ceremonies, and of such a
nature as to strike In every heart the
chord of loyalty and patriotism.
The presentation ceremonies took place
about 2 o'clock upon the southern slope
that rises directly in the rear of Colonel
Smith's headquarters, and it was wit
nessed by at least 6000 people. . The flag
was presented by President Hugh Craig
of the Chamber of Commerce and re
ceived by Colonel Smith upon the part of
the regiment. The regiment was drawn
up at the foot of the slope, and half way
un it Chief Trumpeter Julian Aitkln took
his position with the colors encased in
a waterproof covering. On the right in
the formation was the First Battalion,
in the center the Second and on the left
the Third.
Whyii the formation was completed
THE SAIST FBANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
The Nebraska Volunteers Going Into Camp on the Old Bau District Race Track,
President Craig and the following com- •
mittee from the Chamber of Commerce
took their position near the colors: A.
: W. Foster. Andrea Sbarboro, C. L. Tay
lor, IJppmann Sachs, Julian Sonntag, H.
H. Sherwood, C. W. Coburn. A. A. Keith.
Heno* Fortmann, Henry Bendel and J.
i Blum. General Dickinson and staff, in
; uniform, worn also in the immediate
party grouped anmrd the colors, as were
many ladies and gentlemen who had
been especially invited to witness the
ceremony.
When the formation of the regiment
had been completed Colonel Smith and
his staff rode up and dismounted, then
the band and Company M, under the com- '
mand of Captain O'Neill, passed in re
view of the regiment and took their posi
tion immediately in front of President
Craig who stepped out from the crowd
and advancing to within a few paces of
Colonel Smith made the speech of pres
entation in words well chosen for the oc
casion.  .
The colors were then taken from their
covering and their graceful folds tossed
to the gentle wind. As they unfurled the
crowd uncovered their heads, the band
struck up "Sweet Land of Liberty,' and
cheer after cheer arose from the assem
bled crowd. The colors were then handed
into the keeping of Company M, which
received them on behalf of Company is,
the color company of the regiment.
When President Craig had concluded
his remarks. Colonel Smith, in accepting
the stand of regimental colors, pledged
on the part of the regiment Its faith and
loyalty to the flag that had been confided
to its keeping, and he promised that lta
proud folds should never be sullied, and
the hand of the tyrant should never pol
lute its purity as long as there was left
a man to strike in its behalf. He ex
preflS<-,sp <-,5 reflS with deep emotion the cratlnca
tlon of the regiment at the kindly action
of the Chamber of Commerce in present
ing it with the colors, and upon the oath
of"a # soldler and a gentleman he promised
that the flag should ever be foremost in
the defense of our country and that its
brilliant mars and graceful folds should
never be furled until the oppressor's heel
had yielded to the sweet ministrations of
liberty and peace.
At the conclusion of these ceremonies.
In honor of G^noral Dickinson and his
Bluff. Colonel Smith had the regiment
p.'iFS In full review of the general. The
band played the national airs. tho nol
dlern swung off with lively iitep, the
crowd broke over the field, and one of the
Biosi impressive and stirring ceremonies
that have ever taken place upon the
801 lof California wuh over.
NEBRASKA VOLUNTEERS.
.
First Regiment Arrives and
Opens the Bay District
Camp.
The vanguard of the Eastern troops
which are to form part of the army of
invasion of the Philippines arrived yes
terday, when two hattalions of the First
Nebraska Volunteers went into camp on
the site of the old Bay District race
track.
Headquarters, the band and the Second
Battalion were the first to arrive, the first
detachment landing at the foot of Market
street at 1:45 p. m., and the second fol
lowing half an hour later. To the music
of the band provided by the. Merchants'
Association, Companies I, C and part of
H marched off the boat, and after stack-
Ing arms under the depot in front of the
ferry slips, were conducted Into one of the I
baggage-rooms, which had been turned i
over to the Red Cross Society, and a com- i
mittee of that most wortßy organization, ',
headed by Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mrs. Chaun
cey EL Winslow. Mrs. Lowenberg and
Miss McEwen, assisted by a number of !
volunteer ladies, provided the hungry
Boldlera with sandwiches and steaming j
coffee in generous quantities— a most wel
come repast to the men who had jour
neyed half-way across the continent.
The men of this detachment had only
time to satisfy their appetites when an
other boat drew in with Company G, the
remainder of Company H, Colonel Bratt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j CURES LUMBAGO, j
(S> . . ®
1 Dr Sanden's Electric Belt Overcomes All Pain and Weakness by I
1 Removing the Cause. ©
© ■ . '...*'' v '*.; - „ ©
® • BAY VIEW (South San Francisco), May 18, 1898. ®
® 40^^$ SAN DEN — Dear Sir: I want to report what ®
® VSfc«^^ vL^_ y our Beit has done for me. in one month. I was a terrible ® |
® ir'WJk. sufferer for. a long time from what you call lumbago. I ® |
® i^ 1 " Iff! Ji^tr~> - ■ could not get any relief from medicines or liniments. A ®
© W^mlil L I ) " friend made me try your Belt, and I tell you I am glad I §
0 f^ValA^^Jk. 4& d\d so. I got benefit almost as soon as I put it on and ®
© '\^\A I 1^ m a month ' was entire 'y cured. I feel very thankful to <•
® I H^XMvV A7*r^^iS^. VV ° v anrl the Belt *or m y P resent Sooc!S ooc! nea ' tn - and advise ®
® \^^>W^^ JL I^HmK others to use the same treatment. Yours sincerely, ®
I if^H^^ D«- SANDEN'S METHOD FRED SIMON. |
! ii^wO# ' m sanden<s METBOD NEVER Fm 1
1 rA '- ; 'l\^--'\9i : 't\^ l r' x^\l Lumbago is a condition existing because the ©
© / I f_jV 111 VV^***'*'** 1 fir organs are not able to carry off ' the impurities. ®
I ""^J IS' 111 p|)|^ M Dr.' Sanden's Electric Belt sets up a healthy ®
® / ]i jjtjl \ 'ikw^^-^n action of the kidneys, ; blood and nerves and re- ©
® "*^ \. -j iff II mii|fr^*"^^^ry moves the cause of such troubles. That is how ®
© <dwf^ %iI I W k( : J it cures' all pain— by removing tlje cause — by ©
® J IUI Ji assisting ail parts of the body to do their work. ®
® jtw' Don't suffer any more. There is a cure for ®
® LM you. Get it. Call at the new offices or send ®
® /jLrf o^*" for book, free. @
®* * ®
® O A -KTTM7\T FT rrTDTP PH 702 MARKET STREET, ."' IM 3°?™ NT %
® ; oANDtiri-EiLti\j i i'M\ilj':Xj\J* 9 Corner of Geary. NOTICE. ®
© V,.-- v • Jr. ' r. i «.« Dr. ■ Sanden's.-. offices ®.
X. :" Office hours-8 a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1 Branches at *f s Ansele.. C^^^aw^ ■ . . are now at 702 Market , ■ ®
® South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington at.; Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth sit., Dallas. street corner Geary ®
® Tex., 285. Main ; st. , . . , .? .: '6 ' J . l; • - - ' ;'); ') - A-'.A -'.
' ■ ■•■•■•. : -'-'.-.■ -4 : • '■' ■. ' ■■%■--; -..-,.. ;\.- ■. ■ ■: ; ■-. .'. ■ .■ . .-■ •• ■ *?'-..■ - ■ - : ' - ■■■.-. ,- . ■■■ tl' : ; r. •■ : "»":.; ..-.,,.., . •■ r •.,-.-■. - „■ . . (S\
and Btaff and the band of twenty-three I
pieces. They, too, were taken In hand j
by the ladies of the Red Cross, and after I
they had eaten their fill and had given I
three cheers for their hostesses, line was j
formed, and, escorted by Lieutenant Car
sun of the Fourth Cavalry, and the Mer
chants' band, the column proceeded up
Market street to Golden Gate avenue and
out that boulevard to the camp ground, !
which was reached shortly before 5 j
o'clock.
lieutenant Neall, Fourth United States
Cavalry, had been as busy as a whole
hive of bees all day preparing for their
coming, and the battalion found an
abundance of wood and straw for bedding
waiting. Pipes had also been laid and
water turned on, so that all the troops
had to do was to pitch their tents and
make themselves as comfortable as pos
sible.
Colonel Bratt did not accompany the
battalion to camp. He went direct to
army headquarters and reported to Gen
eral Merriam, and having received word
that the First Battalion would not reach
Oakland Mole until after 6 o'clock, he ar
ranged to have it remain aboard the
train until morning.
There was some misunderstanding In
regard to this, for when Lieutenant-
Colonel Colton and his command reached
Oakland he was notified to proceed at
once to the camp. In consequence, the
First Battalion came across the bay, land
ing at the ferry at 6:15 p. m. They, too,
were bountifully provided for by the Red
Cross Society before beginning the march
out beyond Lone Mountain.
The second battalion brought two oddi
ties in the way of mascots. One Is a mag
nificent golden eagle, presented to tiie
regiment by Hon. William J. Bryan before
it left Lincoln. The bird is confined in a
big wire cage. The other pet is a baby
wolf, which one of the men carried in hi 3
arms. The little thing is as tame and
playful as a kitten, but is only contented
when one of the boys in blue is holding
him. Both of these will be taken to Man
ila with the regiment.
The officers of the regiment, with the
line officers of the two battalions now
here are a-s follows:
Colonel, J. P. Eratt, Bennett, Nebr.
Lieutenant-Colonel, George R. Colton, David
City, commanding First Battalion.
Major Second Battalion, John M. Stotsen
berg, U. S. A.
Major Third Battalion. Harry B. Mulford.
Chief Surgeon, Major George S. Higginbot-
torn.
Assistant surgeons — Major Snydrr. Omaha;
Captain Mulllns, Broken Bone; First Lieuten
ant Jensen, Omaha.
C.aptain and Chaplain, Rev. James Mallley,
Lincoln.
Regimental adjutant, First Lieutenant L. XJ.
Fosby, Omaha.
Quartermaster, First Lieutenant Lincoln R.
Wilson.
Battalion adjutants. First Lieutenant* J.
M. Tompsett, H. J. Archer, Fred Gegrner.
First Battalion— Company A. York: Captain
George H. Holdeman, First Lieutenant Fred
N Tale, Second Lieutenant Daniel Corcoran.
Company E, David City— Captain J. F. Zell
in(ter. First lieutenant P. B. Narocoras, Sec
ond Lieutenant P. W. Burr.
Company L, Omaha— Captain B. J. Taylor,
First Lieutenant C. M. Richards.
Company D, Lincoln— Captain Herpuiahlmer,
First Lieutenant J. P. Cosgrave, Second Lieu
tenant Phil Russell.
Second Battalion— Company I, Bennett: Cap
tain W. E. Stookham, First Lieutenant Chris
Hanson, Second Lieutenant J. D. Smith.
Company C. Beatrice — Captain A. H. Hol
llnKWorth, First Lieutenant H. L. Archer,
Second Lieutenant Warren McLauffhlln.
Company H. Kelson— Captain F. D. Eajcer.
First Lieutenant R. H. Moore, Second Lieu
tenant Charles Van Vallen.
Company G, Geneva— Captain Fred A. Wll
llam«<. First Lieutenant Claud H. Ough, Seo
ond Lieutenant Bert E. Fisher.
SWORD PRESENTATION.
Colonel James F. Smith Ban-
queted by His Friends.
The feature of the banquet given to
Colonel James F. Smith by his friends at
the Occidental Hotel last night was the
presentation to him of a beautiful sword.
Mayor Pnelan. who presided at the feast
as toastmaster, made the presentation
speech, to which Colonel Smith feelingly
responded.
The affair was entirely Impromptu, hav
ing been got up In a single afternoon,
but it was none the less successful for all
that. The colonel's military associates of
the First Regiment, California Volun
teers, who were present to do him honor,
were Lieutenant-Colonel Victor Duboce.
Major William D. McCarthy, Major
Charles Boxton. I.iaior Hugh Slme, Cap
tains Theodore Rethers, P. J. H. Farrell,
A. J. Kelleher, Lieutenants John West
and William Tobln.
On the right of Mayor Phelan oat
Colonel James F. Smith and on his left
Rev. P. C. Yorke, as a special guest of
honor.
Annual Church Picnic.
The parishoners of St. Patrick's Parish
will give a picnic at El Campo to-mor
row (Saturday). Every effort has been
made to make the outing the greatest
success of any heretofore given. Thou
sands of tickets have already been sold.
Three boats will leave the Tiburon Ferry
at 9:30 and 11:30 a. m. and 1:30 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ii Our Big ii
I; Boom ii
•I in Shoes. ii
t t/J list of some very profit- < ;
- > able purchases for this week I'>
1 1 are named below : \\
t Our Leader. ]•
♦ i '
♦ Ladies' finest quality Paris Kid jr
° Lace Shoes, welted sewed soles, <►;
',', stitched edges, latest style coin "
<> toes, patent leather tips, , >
i; $2.50 Pair. |:
'" Hundreds of pairs sold daily ->
',', and every customer pleased. For [ [
<• real comfort try a pair of these <.
'I shoes. "
; Shoes for the Soldier Boys. ;:•
ii For one week more we will continue , ;
 our special offer of Men's Cork Sole <(
 Shoes for < ,'
,', $2.50. y
<► Regularly sold for $5. Just the thing +
<> for comfort and ease during marching. +'
•■ A Great Special ::
■> Bargain for This Week. ::
< ', 900 pairs of Ladles' Fine Paris Kid <(
♦ Oxfords; hand turn soles, narrow square <(
4 toes, patent leather tips, patent leather (>
0 lace piece up front — widths Ato E.
:: $1.00 Pair. ;;
 Regularly sold at $2 00. ] '
;; Little Gents' Lace Shoes. Y.
' ' Made of heavy grain calf, solid double 
<> soles, standard screwed; sole-leather 
ii tips, coin toes. Best wearing school „ k
•: iiocsh cs made - 81 . 269 .. 8 .. 10 $1.00 ?
1 Sizes im to 2 $1 25 "
I See Onr Bargain Tables, t
" Every day you can find a new Special ♦
Ip Bargain. Write for Price List. Mall -f
ii Orders filled promptly. ♦
 ' ■!■■■■ -■ ■■!■■■■ 4
I nolanTros. I
;; PHELAN BUILDING. Y.
I; 812-814 Market St. ::
; ; PHONE 5527; < !
f\ FINE TAILORING
/%9tt PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
Kf^Wk* WORKMANSHIP, at
1 25 per cent Less than Othei
m a^-/^^' Tailors Charge, Go to
W JOE POHEIM
/I All Woo! Suits to *JO l 0 <fcqr
/HP Order from 4) I Z 10 4>UU
I'll Pantsfrom .. . $4tos|Q4 to $|Q
A^jy— «^^ i 201 and 203 Montgomery St.
844 and 846 Market St.,
1110 and 112 Market St. Sin FrancUc*
DIRECT
. . TO . .
DAWSON CITY.
All water route, no change; new
steamer, built for leading business men
of this city and Alameda; cheap rate;
best fare; no second-class, all new fur-
nishings and best caterers. Tickets on
salel at 54 Steuart street, and 25 Market
street. Call for particulars.
oooooooooooooooooa
SS T -^ PALACE *-* p S
%GRAND t -SLS%
a SAN FRANCISCO. j q
**.. Connected by a covered passageway- _
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached, "
O AI4. Ukdes O.VB Man-AOBME.^T. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
O European Plan.»l. OO per day and upward q
American Plan . »3. OO par day and upward **
C ■ Correspond*nr»- Solicited. O
O ' JOHN C. KIEKPATSICK,- U»a»g«r. O
000000000000000000
DR.MQNULTY;
THIS WELL KNOWN AND RKLfABLE OL*
Specialist cures l*rlvate,Nervous,Blood Skin
Diseiisea of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free, i'atlenta
cured at Home. Terras reasonable. Hours, 9 to 8
dally ;6:30 toS.3oev')fs. Satidays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
1». BOSCOG MiSriTT. M. I)..
«6>6 Kearnr Street. .N:in Franciwu. C»L
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER
And P. & 6. READY ROOFING.
Sold. by all flrist-class dealers, are clean, odor-,
less, of great strength," reasonable In price and
easy to transport. They keep heat, cold, damp-
ness, and dust : out ;of buildings; are particu-
larly adapted to Alaskan trade. PARAFFINS
PAINT CO., 116 Battery . St. ' Tel. Mai n 1763. -
6LEDS. BOATS. ETC. .
'. ARCTIC sleds, ■ . rctlc • dona, Yukon boata,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska > outflts.
■team launches and stern-wheel steamer*, wiui
boilers suitable to burn wood; 60 boats can b«
1 seen at salesroom. O. W. KNBASB, 718 Tbirtl
St. 'Phono Red »O. •-—-—."-:'
56
& t&*w*P]teffs4W Pit !
FRIDAY MAY 20, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^Proprietor^
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATIOiN OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE ©AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
66 cents. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL On* yar. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE -906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE ..Ri&fts Room
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE • Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 28? Hayes street, «pen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Lark;ln street open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- «505 Polk street, open
ontH 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS*
Baldwin— "ln Old Japan."
Columbia— "The Face In the Moonllrht"
California— "Moths "
Alcazar— "Young: Mrs. Wlnthrop'
Morosco's— "The Corner Grocery."
Tlvoli— "Ship Ahoy."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Sherman. Clay Hall-Paloma Schramm, benefit to the Red
Cross Society, this afternoon.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Dos Show,
The Chutes-Zoo. Vaudeville, and "Visions of Art'
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Dog- and Pony Show.
Sutro Baths— Swimming 1 ,
California JockeyCiub, Oakland— Races this day.
El Campo— Music, dancing, boatlne, fishing, every Sunday.
THE LATEST EXAMINER SWINDLE.
THERE was told in the local columns yesterday
the story of a gross and shameful swindle per
petrated by the Examiner. Facts were set forth,
backed by. indisputable evidence, showing that
Hearst's paper goes by thousands daily fresh from the
press to the crematory, there to be burned. These
papers can be meant to accomplish only one object,
that of deluding the public and blinding an absent
proprietor. Fittingly enough, the papers go in a gar
bage wagon and are consumed amid other rubbish
and offal.
In a prominent place each morning the Examiner
states that more than 90,000 copies are distributed
every day. People reading this are supposed to be
lieve that the distribution is to subscribers or by the
method of street sales. That a large part of the copies
simply serve the purpose of being sworn to has been
kept a secret from them. But while the Examiner
is boasting, why this modest figure? The capacity of
the crematory has by no means been reached. Even
with its present facilities it could easily reduce to
ashes and oblivion 200,000 copies, and without inter
fering with its regular business. It charges only 20
cents per cubic yard, this including cartage and in
violate secrecy. So why does not the Examiner take
a giant stride such as will paralyze beholders? A big
lie stoutly sworn to is more impressive than a little
one; not that the lie as now blazoned on the front
page of the Examiner is really small. It is merely
smaller than might have been expected to appear
there.
In this there is involved more than a mere matter
of commerce. There is a question of morals, of honor
and of decency. True, these are traits and qualities
the Examiner neither possesses nor holds in regard,
but the community has certain rights. Among these
rights is that of protection against rogues. There
could be no objection to the burning of the Examiner
in itself. Indeed, were each entire issue to be given
to the flames the city would be distinctly the
gainer. The Examiner is welcome to cremation,
but when it tries to make people think the
papers burned are circulated in the manner of legiti
mate papers, that they go through the mails or di
rectly to readers, it is guilty of a meaner confidence
game than ever played by a bunko sharp.
These truths are not mentioned with hope or with
desire to reform the swindler. It is apparently jail
proof. There is in it no sound spot on which re
pentance could be grounded. But there is a reason
able hope of warning the public. When it realizes the
extent and deliberatene?s of the way in which it has
been cheated, it can take its own revenge. ,
0 LITTLE MORE NOISE, PLEASE.
WHEN soldier boys, already far from their
homes, come tramping up Market street it is
fitting that they should pass between lines of
cheering citizens. A common impulse stirs the pa
triotism of the country. Let the boys know that they
are welcomed and honored.
Yet, although San Francisco does not make much
noise, the people living here are as heartily in accord
■with the nation as any other part of it. They haVe ob
served with regret, and almost with indignation, that
some of the recruits were poorly provided with ne
cessities, and these they have hastened to supply.
The women of the Red Cross are working nobly.
They toil for the men in the ranks as though for
brothers and sons. They have appealed for financial
aid and the money pours in. They wanted volunteers
for hospital duty, and from every side come trained
nurses eager to serve.
These women have not overlooked details. As the
6tranger? arrive coffee and substantial fare awaits
at the ferry. If the Government blankets are tied up
with red tape these ladies send blankets purchased by
themselves. They have shod the feet of scores, sent
delicacies to the sick, thought out schemes for send
ing comforts to Manila.
Yesterday these women watched the Nebraska boys
go by and waved a salute, at once a hail and a fare
well. And some of them wept because out in the
street there was hardly a sign of hurrahing from the
hundreds of spectators. Then next time let the peo
ple shout. The soldiers will appreciate it. and the
soldiers' Red Cross friends will be grateful.
In making mention of its circulation the Examiner
has a habit of jubilantly setting forth its April record
and asking "What will it be in May?" There is no
way to find out. Perhaps the books of the crematory
would throw light «on the subject.
Possibly the Examiner can make the plea that it
contributes numerous copies of itself daily to the
crematory furnace for the purpose of patronizing
home industry.
Let none marvel hereafter at the fumes of the gar
bage crematory. The smell of yellow journalism could
hardly be expected to vie with the sun-kissed violet.
CHARTER ARGUMENTS.
' I 'HE final answer of the morning organ of the
proposed new charter to the estimates sub
* mitted by Auditor Broderick and .Expert Wil
liams of the Supervisors' Finance Committee of the
probable cost of conducting the government under
the instrument is exceedingly characteristic. The
organ declares that Sam Rainey, the Democratic
boss, has directed Broderick to compile his figures
for the purpose of deceiving the public. It attributes
the activity of Mr. Williams to the desire of the
"shifty eight" to prevent the adoption of the charter.
"What," shrilly exclaims the organ, "do the voters
of the city think of this sort of opposition? Are they
satisfied to have the city government run by cheap
boodlers of the type of the Devanys, the Haskinses,
the Sheehans, the Delanys, the Mortons, the Britts,
the Smiths and the Riverses? Has the rule of these
men been so wise and just that the people care to ac
cept their views in deciding upon the city government
for the future?"
This is a highly intellectual argument, and we con
fess our inability to meet it. If the estimates of
Broderick and Williams were inspired by Sam Rainey
and the "shifty eight" they must necessarily be in
correct. We can conceive of no contingency under
which Sam Rainey could add two and two together
so as to make four. We have no idea that the
"shifty eight" could compute the salaries authorized
by the new charter and reach an accurate result. It
is said that figures do not lie, but we have a notion
that mathematics is not a science in the hands of
municipal officials who are opposed to the new
charter.
Really the organ overreaches itself in its charter de
fense. It assumes that the public is as muddle-headed
as itself, and in putting forth the flap-doodle- we have
quoted it insults the intelligence of 300,000 people.
The discussion of the charter and the determination
of the question whether or not it shall be accepted
ought to be a matter of intellectual fencing. We all
desire the adoption of a good charter. The present
generation is no more interested in the pending in
strument than generations to come. If the proposed
charter is likely to be a failure it is to the interest of
everybody to defeat it.
When the organ descends to the level of ward poli
tics in discussing this important subject, in our judg
ment it damages its cause — at least in the minds of
all thoughtful men.
WANAMAKER'S CAMPAIGN.
WANAMAKER'S campaign against Senator
Quay in Pennsylvania is attracting more at
tention in the East than any other proceeding
of the time with the exception of the war. Nor is
this surprising. Mr. Wanamaker has put forward
such a series of grave charges against the Senator
that even citizens who are most indifferent to faction
fights within party lines are compelled to give them
consideration.
It is to be regretted that charges so boldly advanced
are not made of a nature so specific and so definite
that a direct issue would be raised between the con
tending parties. Mr. Wanamaker has served the na
tion in high office with conspicuous ability, and no
one likes to regard him as a reckless and abusive
orator, careless of what he says so long as he injures
his opponent, and yet from the indefinite way in
which his attacks are made a good many will be led
to think him so.
An example of his method is to be found in a letter
read by him in a recent speech to prove that Quay
snd his friends in office are in the habit of selling
postmasterships for the purpose of raising campaign
funds. The letter, which has been widely published
and extensively commented on. runs as follows:
April 23, 1898.
Dear Sir: I have filed my application with the
Postmaster-General for the postofflce at T , but
it is said that our Congressman Is holding it for
$3000. Now, I do not think it right to buy the office,
and have not the money to do so, and write asking
for your aid in the matter. Can you give me any
or suggest any course that will help me in securing
it? If you can I will be greatly obliged. Yours, etc.
The charge in this letter is one of the most serious
that can be made against a public man, and yet there
is nothing definite about it. The name of the writer
is not given, the name of the Congressman is sup
pressed, and even the name of the city where the
postoffice is located is concealed under the initial T.
No one could answer an accusation of that kind, for
no one knows who has been accused.
If Mr. Wanamaker has evidence sufficient to con
vict any Congressman of demanding $3000 for a post
office appointment he owes it to the country to bring
the guilty person to justice. If he has no such evi
dence he should not make the charge. Campaign
ing of that kind may attract attention, but it is more
likely to injure the orator than Senator Quay.
Some weeks have elapsed since Lieutenant Burke
was murdered and the policemen who were with him
went running over the hills like a lot of scared sheep.
The public has not altogether forgotten the tragedy,
and has been denied the opportunity to congratulate
itself over the dismissal of the runaways. Does Chief
Lees like a coward?
There can be no excuse for the policeman who ar
rests on the supposition that she is one of the prowl
ing thieves of the tenderloin a lady whom he person
ally knows to be respectable, warrant or no warrant.
The time seems to have arrived for the Police Com
mission to weed the ranks of paretics.
The statement is made that the captain of the men
who landed from the Gussie witnessed the fight from
on board. There is such a thing as being valiant by
proxy and discreet in person. However, there is no
excuse for condemning the captain on the strength of
a correspondent's rumor.
As the plumbing inspector has reported that the
plumbing of the ferry depot is a violation of eleven
rules of the Board of Health, it is fair to assume that
the Board of Health has just eleven rules which apply
to plumbing.
The same dispatch which declares Bismarck does
not like the idea of an Anglo-American alliance states
that the Prince is suffering anew from rheumatic
pangs. There is, possibly, more than a mere co
incidence in this.
Blanco sends word from Havana that plenty of food
is coming in. Blanco may not be much of a soldier,
but what splendid material for a "special commis
sioner" of yellow journalism!
An evening paper has seen fit to attack the integ
rity of the Charleston. Of course the facts to justify
the attack are lacking, but enterprise is not to be
balked by trifles.
Perhaps the Charleston is overloaded. It must be
remembered that she has on board one of those pe
culiar impertinences known as a "special commis
sioner."
Any old thing could get a cirqulation by means of
an understanding with the crematory.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAT, MAT 20, 1898.
THE PARTITION OF CHINf*.
WHILE the partition of China was never dis
cussed by statesmen as a proposition of prac
tical politics until the war with Japan exposed
the weakness of the old giant empire, as a matter of
fact the partition has been going on by degrees ever
since the development of steam power in ocean navi
gation brought the aggressive nations of Europe into
close communication with the Orient. China has
been shorn of many of her provinces, and partition
is already well advanced.
The situation is much better understood in the
Orient than here. To the foreign residents of Chinese
ports the partition of the empire is not so much a
policy to be possibly undertaken in the future as a
process under way at the present time. The Shang
hai Press recently pointed out that since 1858 the
territory lost by China comprises the Amoor region,
288,830 square miles; French Indo-China, 140,630
square miles; Saghalien Island, 24,540 square miles,
and Formosa, 14,978 square miles. The last named
island was taken by Japan. All the rest of the lost
territory has passed into the hands of European
powers.
In addition to these wide regions of territory now
clearly lost, China has virtually surrendered control
over Korea and Manchuria. Thus it will be seen that
Great Britain, France and Russia seized a consider
able part of the Chinese empire before they began dis
cussing the advisability of dividing it. Each has taken
care to have a good share of the spoils before ad
mitting that any spoliation was to be made. The
partition of China has, in fact, been going on at a
rapid rate for years, and yet European diplomatists
have sufficient composure of countenance to be able
to discuss the subject as if it were a new proposition
never before heard of.
It is the consciousness of the extent to which China
has been plundered in the past that makes the various
nations watch each other with such jealousy and sus
picion now. They know that what was so easily
done in the past can be as easily repeated. More
over, Germany has entered the field as a rival spoli
ator to the other powers, and the new competitor is
not likely to be content with a small share of the
spoils.
In a recent speech Lord Salisbury informed Parlia
ment that Great Britain had taken Wei Hai Wei to
"encourage Chinese reform and to show Japan and
Korea our naval power." The phrase is a good one,
but the encouragement of reform and the display of
naval force might have been accomplished without
seizing a Chinese port directly opposite the port
taken by the Russians. There is a suspicion that
Salisbury desired to make a show of power for the
warning of other people than those of Korea and
Japan.
Even after the extensive spoliation of territory to
which the empire has been subjected, there remain?
to China a territory larger than that of the United
States. It is known to have coal fields more than
twenty-five times as extensive as those of Great
Britain, and is rich in gold, silver, lead, tin and iron.
It contains upward of 300,000,000 industrious people
and is the largest single market in the world. The
temptations to greed are therefore immense, and if
the United States expects to share in the Chinese
trade for the development of the commerce of her
Pacific Coast she will have to keep a close watch on
what is being done there from this time forth.
EUROPE AND THE WAR.
I I OWEVER averse we may be toward any inter
! I ference on the part of European nations in our
* * war with Spain, we cannot overlook the fact
that most of them have strong inducements to inter
| vene. The war has raised the price of wheat, and
that in turn has caused such distress among the
poorer classes of the people of Europe that already
bread riots have occurred in Italy and are threatened
elsewhere.
We have been so much occupied in this country
with the progress of our armies and navies that we
have given but little attention to the economic situa
tion on the other side of the Atlantic. The riots in
Milan and other cities of Northern Italy have been
passed over as if they were ordinary street disturb
ances, whereas they were in fact of such magnitude
and so portentous as--to amount almost to the de
gree of a civil war. Indeed, they appear to have re
sulted in a greater loss of life than has been caused
by the war with Spain up to this time.
Every European statesman is aware of the danger
that comes when a dissatisfied populace are rendered
desperate by a lack of work or by such a rise in the
price of food as to make wages inadequate to the
needs of families. All of them are therefore eager
to take whatever action promises to break the dead
lock in wheat and restore, if not prosperity, at least
endurable conditions among their people. A cessa
tion of the war with Spain would undoubtedly have
a tendency in that direction, and accordingly all of
them would gladly do almost anything to hasten the
return of peace.
In this condition of affairs their animosity may be
directed toward the United States, but most of them
have sagacity enough to see that they could not
"bring the war to a close by siding against us. The
much talked of intervention, then, if it come at all, is
not likely to take a form that would be resented by
our Government. It is more likely to be a pressure
applied to Spain to induce her to recognize the in
evitable and seek for peace at once on whatever terms
we choose to grant. In that direction lies a fair pros
pect of attaining a speedy peace, whereas an attack
upon us would simply precipitate the much talked of
Anglo-Saxon alliance and involve the world in a
war whose end no man could foresee.
Financial experts have noted in the course of the
European money markets many signs inclining to
the belief that the great dealers in national securities
are assured that peace will not be long delayed. One
of these signs was discerned in the rise of Spanish
securities after the heavy slump that followed the
declaration of war. Spain has won no victories and
nothing has occurred to justify an expectation that
she will manage to win any or to hold her colonies.
The only cause for giving a better price for her se
curities must therefore have been some information
that the prospect of peace is better than is generally
supposed. Thus while so many rabid Europeans are
shouting their antagonism to the United States no
one is likely to help Spain. Her most interested
friends are those who are most eager to see her drop
her arms and end the war.
Announcement is made that the administration has
declared in favor of a vigorous prosecution of the
war. This is one of the announcements which might
as well be kept standing. It pleases everybody, and
telegraphic tolls for its daily transmission from Wash
ington represent a waste.
People will be glad to know that the Americans
captured in Cuba^re to be exchanged. For once
Spain seems to have been generous. It is to be an
even trade, although the two are easily worth a dozen
of the sort of Spanish prisoners held in this country.
THE SUNDAY CALL
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Robert S. Browne of Washington is at
the Lick.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento
Bee is at the California,
W. E. Dunn, a prominent citizen of Los
Angeles, Is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. P. A. Dorn of San Luis
Obispo are at the Baldwin.
Judge H. C. Bond of Santa Clara is
among- the arrivals at the Palace.
John Millzner, a commercial man of
Tucson, Ariz., is a guest at the Grand.
Mrs. C. H. Lux of San Jose registered
at the Occidental yesterday afternoon.
E. B. Braden, an assayer and dealer in
ore, is at the Palace from Helena, Mont.
A. Silver, president of the City Council
and acting Mayor of Los Angelea, Is reg
istered at the Palace.
Special Revenue Agent Sewell arrived
here yeßterday from Washington, on a
tour of inspection in this State.
John Wolfskill, an extensive real estate
owner of Los Angeles, is at* the Palace
and is accompanied by his wife.
Ex-Sheriff E. F. O'Neill of Banta Cruz,
who has just returned from Alaska, is
among the arrivals at the Grand.
William Ruston of Lincoln, who is
largely interested in cattle raising in
Arizona, is staying at the California.
"Speaking o f
queer epitaphs,"
suid former May
or of San Jose
Sam N. Rucker
in the Palace Ho
tel last night, "I
recollect one that
HE WANTED
THE
EARTH.
was placed over the grave of an individ
ual down our way some years ago which
merits being added to the list of those
mortuary verselets that have been pub
lished in book form.
"This man was a unique figure in our
locality in the fact that he had a won
drous faculty for acquiring land. He
would either buy it outright or become
the owner by foreclosed mortgages, and
the old fellow, Sam Johnson was his
name, if I remember correctly, had ac
quired Immense land interests in the sur
rounding districts, so much so that it be
came a byword among our citizens that
Johnson wanted the earth. He lived a
hermit's life, and one morning he was
found dend In bed.
"Now the epitaph which I claim should
take rank with other more pretentious ef
forts in that regard reads as follows, and
it will be remarked that there la more
truth than poetry in the lines:
" 'To Sam Johnson.
" 'He had a disposition to appropriate the
earth,
And he went about with determination
that was grim;
He was disappointed cruelly, his tone has
lost its mirth.
Since he sadly realized the earth appro
priated him.' '
Lewis Morrison, the old-time actor, who
comes to play a local engagement, put
his name on the Baldwin register yester
day.
C. C. Crow of Crows Landing, who has
been in the Klondike country Investigat
ing its mining possibilities, has returned
to this city and is at the California.
Mrs. J. M. Griffith, wife of a prominent
lumber dealer of Los Angeles, is a guest
at the Occidental. The lady is one of the
prime movers in the Red Cross Society,
and will remain here some time.
G. H. Abbott has been appointed city
passenger agent of the Great Northern
Railway, to succeed W. W. Brown, who
has been promoted to the position of traf
fic, freight and passenger agent of the
same company.
A. F. Williams of the University of Cal
ifornia gave a farewell banquet to his
fellow graduates of the class '98 at the
maple room of the Palace Hotel last
night. Mr. Williams will depart for the
East to-morrow, and from there will pro
ceed to his home in South Africa, Twen
ty-one guests were entertained by the
gentleman, among them being some of
the Stanford Alumni.
ARMY AND NAVY BANKING.
The correspondence In ranks in the
United* States navy and army and the
salaries attached are concisely set forth
in the following:
(Vice-Admiral .... $9.00n eral $11,000
jiear-Admiral 6. CM :n Major-Oeneral ... 7,500
Commodore 5,00<> Brigadier . Gen-
Captain 4.500 eral 5,500
Commander 3,500 Colonel 3,600
Lieutenant -Cor- Lieutenant - Col
man.ler 2.800 onel 3,000
Lieutenant 2,400 2,50(1
Lieutenant (J. 'Captain 1,800
G.) 1.800 First Lieutenant. 1.500
Ensign l,2oo,Second Lieuten-
Lieutenant - Gen- I ant 1,400
There is a decrease of $200 to $1000 a year
in the shore pay of naval officers, and a
still further decrease when they are on
waiting orders. In the army mounted
officers receive a little more than those
who are not mounted. The table shows
that all the naval ranks below commo
dore receive a larger compensation than
the corresponding ranks in the army. In
the cases of naval captains and com
manders It is ea.sy fo perceive the reason
for this. Captains and commanders are
command ranks, and the officers in these
grades are usually placed in positions of
the gravest responsibility as commanding
officers of ships. Furthermore, they are
compelled to do a considerable amount of
entertaining, which puts them to much
expense. Again, naval officers when
afloat are obliged to maintain sep
arate establishments for their families.
CAVALRY SONG.
Our good steed sniffs the evening air.
Our pulses with their purpose tingle;
The foeman's fires are twinkling there;
He leaps to hear our sabers jingle;
Halt!
Each carbine sends its whizzing ball;
Now, cling! clang! forward all,
Into the fight!
Dash on beneath the smoking dome;
Through level lightnings gallop nearer!
One look to heaven! No thought of home;
The guidons that we bear are dearer.
Charge!
Cling! clang! forward all,* .
Heaven help those whose horses fall!
Cut left and right
They flee before our fierce attack!
They fall! they spread in broken surges!
Now, comrades, bear our wounded back,
And leave the foeman to his dirges.
Wheel!
The bugles sound the swift recall;
Cling! clang! backward all!
Home, and good night!
EDMUND CLARENCE STEDMAN.
WAR RATIONS.
Mr. and Mrs. de Wolf Hopper have been
divorced, and De Wolf is now a grass
Hopper.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
"Why do you sit at the piano every
evening, Mr. Gruffly? Can you play?"
"Nope; no one else, either, while I'm
there."— Truth.
For Chicago Girls— Young lady, exam
ining bridal veils— Can you really recom
mend this one?
Dry-goods clerk— Oh, yes, miss; It may
be used several times.— Boston Traveler.
War News— ln a late issue a Chicago
paper runs its marriage notices right un
der its war news, and that is, perhaps,
where they belong, from a Chicago point
of view. — Denver Post.
"Maud is so patriotic"
"Is she?"
"Yes. She's going to make a nag: pillow
and stuff it with guncotton.— Chicago
Record.
"I hope, papa," said Bobble, "that the
Government isn't buying its torpedoes of
Mr. Simpkins. down in the village. I got
some there last Fourth of July, and half
of them wouldn't go off."— Harper's Bazar.
"Excuse me, but it seems to me that
I must have mot you before. Are you
not a brother or a near relative of Major
Glbbs?" "No, I am Major Gibbs him
self." "Ah, indeed, that explains the re
markable resemblance." — Tit-Bits.
Coming Terrors— "Bridget, who is that
at the door?" "It's a poor man, mum.
He wants something to eat." "If he's
another refugee driven out of Spain by
the war. tell him. there's nothing left for
him. We've already fed eleven ex-consuls
this morning." — Chicago Tribune.
Yon Blumer — Did your wife have a com
plete trousseau when you were married?
IMmpleton — I should pay so. Why, I
didn't have to buy her any clothes for
three weeks afterward.— Boston Traveler.
Handout Harry— Yes, mann, I lost my
arm in the revolution.
Mrs. Kindheart— What revolution?
Handout Harry— The revolution of a
buzz saw, mann. — Truth.
The Asiatic part of the Spanish navy
Is no longer in the swim.
Yankee Dewey came to town.
The town was called Manila;
Yankee Dewey fired his guns
And sank a hot flotilla.
Yankee Dewdle Dewey'll do.
He can do 'em up great.
Yankee Dewey and his crew—
They're the stuff* and that's straight.
—Anaconda Standard.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
STAR SPANGLED BANNER— A Sub
scriber, Berkeley, Cal. "The Star Span
gled Banner" was composed September
13, 1814, during the bombardment of Fort
McHenry, Baltimore, Md., by Francis
Scott Key, a young Baltimorean, who had
fone down the harbor in a cartel vessel
t was published and sung at the theaters
to the air of "Anacreon in Heaven," and
immediately became popular.
DECLARATION OF WAR— G. W. J.,
City. For information about the time
that war was declared, whether April 21
or 25, IS9S, this department refers you to
the proclamation of President McKinley,
published in The Call of April 26. Accord
ing to that document the act of Spain
in giving Minister Woodford his passport
on the 21st of April was a declaration of
war by the Spanish Government. The bill
passed by Congress and signed by Presi
dent McKinley April 25. declares that war
between the United States and the king
•'",' "f, ss P fdn has existed since the 21st
of April, 1898.
TUG OF WAR-J. M.. Portwlne. Cal.
The following are the rules for conduct
ing a tug of war. where the men stand up
and tug on the rope: Teams shall be of
equal number of competitors; the rope to
be of sufficient length to allow for a pull
of twelve feet and for twelve feet slack
at each end, together with four feet for
each competitor. The rope shall not be
less than four inches in circumference,
and shall be without knots or other liuld
ings for the hands. A center tape eha'l
be affixed to the center of the rope and a
tape sha 1 be tied at six feet distant on
either side of the center tape. A center
line must be marked on the ground and
six feet on either side two side lines par
ahel thereto. At the start the rope shall
be taut with the center tape over the
center line. No spikes are allowed in
shoes and men at the start are not per
mitted to sink holes in the ground with
their heels. In lay-aown tugs the clears
are six Inches apart and an inch In
height.
RAILROAD CROSSINGS— XL J., MHl
brae, San Mateo County, Cal. Section
486 of the Civil Code of California says,
under the division devoted to railroad
corporations:
A bell of at least twenty pounds weight
must bo placed on each locomotive engine and
be rung at a distance of at least eighty rods
rrom the place where the railroad crosses any
street, road or highway; or a steam whistle
must be attached and be sounded, except In
cities, at the like distance, and be kept sound-
Ing at Intervals until It has crossed the same
There is a penalty of* $100 for every
neglect to comply with the provisions of
the section quoted
CARRYING ARMS— J. L., City. Sec
tion 734 of the Penal Code of the State of
California, which is as follows, answers
the question as to what arms organized
bodies may carry:
It shall not be lawful for any body of men
whatever, other than the regular organized
Isational Guard of this State and the troops
of the L nited States, to associate themselves
together as a military company or organiza
tion, to drill or parade with arms In any city or
town in this State, without the license of the
Governor thereof, which license may at any
time be revoked; and provided, further, that
students in educational Institutions where mili
tary science is a part of the course of instruc
tion may, with the consent of the Governor
drill and parade with arms In public under
the superintendence of their Instructor- pro
vided, that nothing herein shall be construed so
as to prevent benevolent or social organizations
from wearing swords. And any person or per
sons violating any of the provisions of this
section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and
subject to arrest and punishment therefor
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Tcwnsend's.*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
-•-:■.■:■■: ■ ♦ ■
Coming Terrors— "Bridget, who Is that
at the door?" "It's a poor man, mum.
He wants something to ate." "If he's
another refugee driven out of Spain by
the war, tell him there's nothing left for
him. We've already fed eleven ex-Con
suls this morning."— Chicago Tribune.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park-
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowßtone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In flrst
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 63$ Market st.. S. F.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow'a Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
$2 60 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery St.,
S. F.. or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs. Colo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUR DECORATION DAY
SHIRT,
collars and cuffs should vfe with the
lilies in color and perfection of finish.
To attain such results they must be
laundered at a high grade establish-
ment, where satisfaction is aimed at,
and always guaranteed, as it is at the
United States Laundry Office, 1004
Market street. Telephone South 420.PERFECTED
A CALIFORNIA
ORGANIZATION
Red Cross Society in
Working Order.
A HOSPITAL SHIP SUGGESTED.
LIBEBA.L SUBSCRIPTIONS ARE
GRATEFULLY RECEIVED.
Tho Nebraska Troops Welcomed at
the Ferries With Hot Coffee
and Generous Sand
wiches.
A temporary State organization was
perfected by thf> Red Cross Society in tho
ra of the Occidental Hotel yester
day. Eighteen delegates from near-by
cities* attended The conference, and for
ver an hour matters of interest were de
b.;r.>d. and a council of nine was ap
pointed to look after the destinies of the
organization. The appointees were: F. B.
Ginn. Oakland; Miss Hook. Martinez;
Mrs. O Neil. Alameda; Charles A. Noble,
Berkeley; Mrs. Angellotf, San Rafael;
Mrs. Smedberg, San Francisco; Mrs. Grif
l les; Mrs. Baker and Mrs.
\V. B. Hamilt n of San Francisco.
As president of the local society Mrs.
Harrington called the meeting to order,
and in a few concise sentences outlined
the objects of the organization.
Mrs. F. G. Lemon of Oakland, who has
been an associate with Clara Barton in
Red Cross work, explained the workings
of the national society.
Professor Bacon of Berkeley followed
and stated the requirements for gaining
Government recognition. He was followed
by Mrs. Abbott, who told of the Dans
ville (N. V.) Red Cross Society's methods
in getting the Government to recognize its
work.
Rabbi Voorsanger then explained the
necessity of meeting the emergencies that
now confront the local society. He sug
gested that the executive committee com
municate with the medical authorities of
the army and proceed to fill the wants
called for by their requisitions. He con
cluded by saying that a financial agent
and a small expedition of trained nurses
and srpplies would accompany the
troops and advocated the advantage of
this city as the headquarters of the State
organization, as this city was the supply
point.
Mrs. Abbott suggested that a president,
secretary and treasurer be selected and a
State society be formed at once. Profes
sor Bacon moved that this should be done
and that a provisional council be ap
pointed to ascertain what was necessary
to make the organization permanent.
The motion was carried and the nine dele
gates were appointed.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, the present head
of th^ local society, was on motion made
temporary president of the State society,
while Dr. G. F. Hanson was appointed
secretary and William Alvord of the Bank
of California treasurer.
Before adjourning the following tele
gTams were read by Professor Bacon, who
etated they had been received by Mrs.
Greenleaf, who is the head of the Ber
keley branch of the Red Cross. They
were from her husband who is chief sur
geon on Miles' staff: ;
"WASHINGTON, D. C, May 18, 1898. :
"Mrs. C. R. Greenleaf, 2700 Bancroft '
Way — Agitate purchase and equip hospital
ship. Three hundred beds donation from
California. Steruberg will accept.
"C. R. GREENLEAF."
This was followed by a second message
which read:
"Geneva convention neutralizes ship
capture Impossible. Equipment not neces
sary."
Dr. Voorsanger said that if it could be
done the whole State would have to as
sist, as ships were expensive luxuries.
The laeas In the telegram were Indorsed
by the meeting and an adjournment was i
takan. The council of nine met for a few I
minutes and agreed to meet again in the
same place at 11 o'clock to-day.
he sum total of money collected by i
the local society up to yesterday was $16,- !
20 There is no halt in the receiving of
contributions.
Among the contributors to the fund yes
terday were.
Letter Carriers' Association, $25; Tubbs Cord
age Company, $100; Thomas Day, $25; Comptolr '
National d'Escompte de Paris, $50; Mortimer ;
Flelshhacker, $30; Buena Vista School, $13
Mrs. Anne Tallant Tubba. $25; A. S. Hallldie,
$25; B. Blumenthal (employes), $11; Baker- & :
Hamilton. $50; \Y. P. Fuller, $20; Branch 25,
Pauliat Catholic Ladles' Aid, $50; Miss Jennie
Flood. $250; Concordla Club, $100; Miller, Sloss '
& Co., S&O; John D. Spreckels Bros. & Co.. $250;
William E. Brown (second subscription), $50; '
11. Schussler, $30.
Many large firms have pledged them- I
selves to pay over to the society from $25 ;
to $50 a month until peace is declared. '
A bureau of information has been estab- !
lished by the society and all information !
can bo obtained from the ladies in charge. '
The Nebraska troops were given a sam- |
pie of California hospitality by the Red
Cross to-day. On their arrival they were *
marcned into, the long corridors of the ;
ferry building and refreshments were lib
erally served. Time and again their spir
lts bubbled over and they gave vent In
hearty cheers for the society.
Oaklanders on their way to the city !
have been thoughtful enough to bring ;
flowers for table decorations. Their kind- !
ness has been appreciated by the Red :
Cross
Good substantial sandwiches are wanted
by the ladies of the practical reception
committee and they will be thankfully re- i
ceived at the ferry depot at the foot of |
Market street. :
The supply depot at 16 Post street was i
filled with busy ladies working hard in :
the noble cause. They served, cut, packed |
and did everything to arrange the quickly j
filling depot in order. ;
Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst has made a gift
of $200 to the Berkeley Red Cross Society. !
The society has issued a call for volun- ;
teers to be trained as nurses of wounded .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"studebaker"
clearing
SALE!
THIRTY DAYS, beginning May 10th,
GREATEST SALE OF VEHICLES ever
made on tho Pacific Coast.
LANDAUS AND BROUGHAMS,
VICTORIAS AND PHAETONS,
TRAPS AND BREAKS.
A!! of the Studebaker reliable make, of-
: regardless of cost.
We shall sell the stock of one of our
Western warehouses (now being closed),
Blstlng of MEDIUM GRADE
CARRIAGES, BUGGIES, PHAETONS,
SPRING WAGONS, ROAD WAGONS,
Suitable for CITY or COUNTRY USE.
In this stock art- vehicles at $50 to 173.
This gruat sale is made necessary by the
consolidation of two large stocks.
On every vehicle will appear, in plain
figures, the regular and the !-]><•< ial price,
(showing the great reductions mada,
We invite inspection during this sale
from all interested in honestly made
work, no matter whether you expect to
A buy or not. Come and see us:
STUDEBAKERIIOS.MFG. CO.,
Market and Tenth Sts.
L. F. WEAVER, Manager.
soldiers who may be brought back from
the Philippines.
FOR HOME INDUSTRY.
Macble Cutters Will Make a Fight to
Keep Work at Home.
At the last meeting of the Marble-Cut
ters' and Finishers' Union the following
resolutions, presented by John E. McDou
gald, v.< iv unanimously adopted:
Whereas. During the last few years a num
ber of the largest contracts for marble work in
the city of San Francisco nave been let to East
ern linns; and whereas, such firms do all or
the work Upon the marble in the Eastern work
shops, with scab and prison labor; and where
as, we have-been credibly informed by marble
dealers and manufacturers of the city of San
Francisco that If the competition with the
Eastern firms is to continue, the local dealers
and manufacturers must either reduce wages 50
per cent or go out of business; and whereas,
such reduction of waves would mean great
hardships to SOT marble workers of the city of
San Francisco, and the closing of business
-would bring destitution and starvation to 214
families' doors, and 628 children would be
thrown upon the charity of the citizens of the
city: and whereas, the Marble Cutters and
Finishers of the city of Ban Francisco deem it
an outrage to the owners of property who are
making improvements by building, and the va
rious trustees of public buildings, to allow the
awarding of contracts for marble work to go
from this city to Eastern Arms where they only
employ convicts and the cheapest kind of labor,
when the work can be executed as well, if not
better, in this city and with union labor. The
money lor this .y.ik should be spent in this
city, and especially during these trying times,
when so many good mechanics are out of em
ployment and find It hard to support themselves
and their families. We know, and are positive,
that we have artists at home competent to do
any work in an artistic manner, and, ; more
over, who do the work in this city, thereby put
ting the money In circulation here. We want
all to patronize home Industries for mutual
benefits; therefore, be It
Resolved. That none of the branches of the
building trades of this city of San Francisco
will allow any of its members to perform any
work upon any building In which the marble
is to be furnished by Eastern firms, which do
not make the same from rough stock In this
city; and be it further
Resolved. That the secretary of Marble Cut
ters' and Finishers' Union is Instructed to re
quest that all Eastern labor and trades unions
shall, as far as they may be able, prevent
marble setters from coming- to this city to set
marble in any of the above cases; and be it
fl..f 1 ..- .her
la-solved. That a committee wait upon the
owners of buildings and the architects of the
city of Ban Francisco and request all good
citizens to co-operate with this movement in
keeping all finished marble work other than
the production of crude marble to be worked
in this city.
HEISE IS HONORED.
The Hero of the Schuetzen Verein Re-
ceives a Trophy for His Victory.
John D. Heise, who won the title and
was crowned the shooting king of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein. at Shell
Mound Park on Monday last, received an
ovation from his fellow marksmen la--t
evening, whe presented him with a trophy
for his glorious victory. California Hall,
where the festivities were held, was
crowded with visitors who were anxious
to get a glimpse of the illustrious Ger
man.
Promptly at 8 o'clock Captain J. F. j
Bolts, who had command of the sharp- i
shooters who were to honor their com- i
rade, assembled his men in the basement j
of the hall and at a given signal led them
to the hall above, where hundreds of j
pretty girls with their escorts were wait
ing to join in the general applause and
witness the crowning of the king.
Amid the cheers of the visitors and the i
pr< :-• ntation of arms by the members of |
the verein R. J. Finking, the presi lent
of the organization, awarded the glitter- |
lnp token of victory in the name of his j
fellow members to the hero of the day.
After a eulogy on Heine's success. Fink-
Ing assisted by several members of the \
verein. awarded prizes to the following
marksmen:
Twelve h?st centers on the publlo target— ;
Charles Thi^rbach, W. Glinderman. S. Thade, :
A. Strecker, D. B. Faktor. F. P. Schuster, D.
Math, S. UtscbJg and T. Beutler.
Most points — E. P. Schuster, A. Strecker.
b Thierbach. R. Finking. D. B. Faktor,
S. rtschlg, H. Burflnd, A.- Jungblut, W. Glin- j
dermari and 1... Bendel.
Man target— Chaxtea Thierbach, H. Burfeind, i
S. Vtsohig. George A. Giers, F. Attinper. A. ;
Pape. A. Strecker, D. B. Faktor, S. D. Helse \
ana a. Jungb'.ut.
The first bullseye made In the morning was
by F P. Schuster and the last by Charles I
Thierbach. The first made in the aftern > .n :
was by George Schultz and the last by A. j
Strecker.
The tirst ten on the company target — H. Stel- •
ling F P Schuster. Charles Thierbach, C. F.
Rust. A. X. Pape. H. He.iburg. William Glin
derman. George Schultz, D. B. Faktur aJid Wil
liam G. Morken.
The test of a man's condition after din
ner at a certain college used to be to
make him say "Cipsie Fitzgerald" three
times. Now. however, it is to make him
say "reconcentrado" once.
EVEN THE SMOKE WAS YELLOW
Paul J. Martini and Viola Craso recently had a falling out. Each follows the
honorable calling of scavenger, and each held the idea that the other belonged
on the garbage heap along with the Examiner circulation. They were before
Judge Joachimsen yesterday to toll about It. The disturbance they had raised
brought a policeman to the scene and him they had jointly smote, against the
peace and dignity. During the trial W. H. Trade, a special officer at the crema
tory, was examined as a witness for the prosecution. Attorney Grant for the
defense asked Tiado if he had seen Examiners going into tho furnace at the
crematory lately.
"Oh, yes," replied the witness, "and the smoke was very yellow."
It would seem that Trade is an observing person. Also that when an attache
of the reduction works is on the stand, the seal of secrecy touching the delicate
matter of Examiner circulation Is off.
"I object to both the question and answer," said the attorney for the prosecu
tion, "as irrelevant, immaterial and too saffron for this court."
Such possibly was the view of the Judge, for he remarked, "Tut, tut." Yet
the ejaculation WU non-eommital, and may be construed to suit individual
taste. The incident caused a ripple of laughter In which the Judge endeavored
not to join.
Both the prisoners were convicted, but it is believed they do not have a clear
idea as to whether this was of having hit a policeman or of having handled the
Examiner circulation. They will appear for centence this morning and find out
by the severity of tho penalty imposed.
THE SAN FHAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
COLONEL EUGENE LEHE DEAD.
The Late Leader of the Sixth Regiment, N. G. C,
Succumbs at the German Hospital.
Colonel Eugene Lehe, who until a few months ago was the commander of the
Sixth Regiment. N. G. C. died yesterday at the German Hospital. With the
passing of Mr Lehe California loses a man who was closely linked with the civic
and military life of the State. For years his name has been before the public,
as he was one of those men who. wherever they go. are at once marked as lead
ers. Added to this he had the faculty of making friends among people in all
ranks of life and was beloved by all who kenw him.
During the civil war he was stationed at the Presidio as lieutenant of the
regulars Later he went to Stockton, where for six years he served faithfully as
President of the City Council and for a number of years was commander of
the Grand \rmy post at that place. He was then commissioned as colonel of
the Sixth Infantry, fulfilling his duties faithfully and conscientiously. About
two years ago owing to failing health, he resigned and took up his residence
with his family at 51 Haight street. Monday he was taken to the German Hospi
tal ana an opera»'on performed on him for cancer of the stomach. The strain
of the operation was too great, however, owing to his advanced age, and he
gradually sank, urtll yesterday afternoon, when death put an end to his suffer
ng Colonel Lehe was 57 years of age, and leaves a widow and four children. His
son E D M. Lehe. is connected with the Merced Falls Electric Company and
his daughters are Mrs. Grace Canfleld and Mi*»s Henrietta Lehe of Sacramento
and Mrs. Adell Stockwell of this city.
WHEAT AND BARLEY
MAKE A BAD BREAK.
LIVERPOOL AND PARIS WEAK
AND NO OUTSIDE SUPPORT.
The Talent Sold Viciously — Henry
Crocker Catches the Market
Both Ways.
Wheat opened strong yesterday regard-
I less of lower Liverpool and Paris markets.
! The strength was only temporary. After
j the few early shorts filled up, the market
began a toboggan which continued until
the close of the day. December wheat
I opened at $1 63Vi>. At the close the price
had dropped to $1 57, the lowest price
reached since the recent big advance.
Stop loss orders were found at every half
j cent decline. There was a very weak tone
\at the time when curb trading was
stopped for the day. Spot wheat was
weak and caused futures to yield quickly
to the pressure of shorts who hammered
viciously. Recent rains have done a great
deal of good. Altogether Influences could
not have been more fa\'orable for bear
hammering.
Barley, as was predicted by The Call
two weeks ago, had a severe break. De
cember opened at $1 26. Brokers with
outside connections seemed to have a
great many selling orders. The market
gave way rapidly under pressure of liqui
dation. At the closing prices had dropped
to $1 17% for December, a break of BVi
cents for the day. Had it not been for
the support given the market by shorts
who bought to secure profits, the market
would have suffered a greater break. The
market was weak and panicky, at the
close many predicting $1 lo for December
barley to-day. Without strong support
nothing can stop the decline over one
dollar. The rains were of marked benefit
to the barley crop.
Henry J. Crocker made a killing in Bell
ing barley. His clean-up runs up into tho
thousands.
PASSENGER RATES REDUCED.
Great Northern and O. R. and N.Will
Put Their Schedule Into Effect.
Instructions were received yesterday at
the local office of the Great Northern
■ Railway to commence the sale of tickets
' on May 21 to all points east at rates based
j on cut rates from Portland and Seattle,
! which have been in effect from those points
! for the past two months. This action on
i the part of the Great Northern will en-
I able passengers to take advantage of the
I reduced rates by an all rail line, as well
as by thg ocean routes.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation I
Company has also decided to make a bid j
for public patronage and announces that |
with the sailing of the State of Califor- j
nia on May 21 the passenger rates from
San Francisco to the East, via Portland,
will be as follows: First and second class, j
respectively, New York and Boston, $47.'
|81; <'hioago.s43 fA $27 50; St. Louis. $48, p. 2:
8t Paul, $32.?16;13utte.M0nt.. 537.52& The i
first-class tickets call for passage via the O. I
R. and N., Great Northern and connec
tions, and the second-class via O. R. and I
N., Oregon Short Line and connections.
With the Northern Pacific this makes
three railways that have decided to get
some of the business which has been
absorbed by the Canadian Pacific, and
further developments will be anxiously
awaited in railroad circles.
OPPOSED TO THE BOULEVARD.
Meeting of Property Owners at the
Wentworth Hotel.
A large meeting of property-owners was
held at the "Wentworth Hotel, 617 Bush
street, last night, for the purpose of op
posing the Bush-street boulevard.
It was decided to form a permanent or
ganization to be known as the Bush-street
Improvement Club. David Rich was elect
ed president, Mrs. Mary E. Newman vice
president, P. Boland secretary and J. B.
Kissing treasurer, and the following form
the executive committee: J. N. Manning,
Judge Toohy and A. B. Moulder. A sub
committee consisting of J. N. Manning, A.
S. Baldwin, Mrs. Mary E. Newman, A.
B. Moulder and P. Boland were appointed
to wait on the Supervisors and present
the views of the club in opposition to the
boulevard scheme.
A. S. Baldwin presented a report from
the figures of an expert as to the probable
expense of putting Bush street in proper
condition. The estimated amount was
$46,188.
A TRIP TO ICELAND.
Miss Jessie Ackerman Lectures for
the Benefit of the Red Cross.
Miss Jessie Ackerman, the well-known
mtssion worker and lecturer, addressed a
large audience in Native Sons'
Hall last night for the benefit
of the Red Cross Society. Her de
scriptions of the manners and customs of
so little is known were both interesting
and instructive, and the timely witticisms
thrown In here and there, just enough
of them and just at the proper time, kept
the audience In a continual state of good
humor. „ »,.»,..
Miss Ackerman first told the story of
the discovery and settlement of the island
by the Norwegians, their mariner of
which paganism was overthrown and
which Paganism was overthrown and
Christianity introduced by legislation,
simply because the King of Norway had
changed his faith. Later when Denmark
obtained possession of the island the re
ligion was again changed from the Ro
man Catholic to the Lutheran, and the
latter is still the religion of the country.
The lecture was profusely illustrated
with stereopticon views and from time tc
time the Plymouth Quartette rendered
timely selections.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 19.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 82 hours from New-
port and way porta.
Ptmr Gipsy. Leland, — hours from Mon-
terey and way ports.
TO DEVELOP THE
ORIENTAL TRADE
A COMMISSION WITH THAT OB
JECT WILL GO TO CHINA.
It Is Under the Patronage of the
United States Government
and Will Do Good
Work.
Two members ot a commercial commis
sion to China, which has the indorsement
of the United States Government and is
being sent thither under the direction of
the Philadelphia Commercial Museum for
the furtherance of our trad* with China
and foreign lands generally, are in the
city. The two members are Hon. Sheri
dan P. Read, until recently United States
Consul at Tientsin, China, and Cassius A.
Green. They will meet the third member
of thfc commission in Shanghai. Dr. Gus
tavo Nlederleln, a well-known explorer
and pcii-mlst.
The consensus of opinion in the East Is
that this commission is most opportune,
and will he very valuable for the promo
tion of our trade with China. That it has
the Indorsement of the United Suites Gov
ernment will add much to its efficiency
in reaching Chinese high officials. Mr
Read, the head of the commission, is well
known, and his career of over ten years in
China has fitted him to direct a commis
sion of this sort, for he has devoted a
life time to the study of commerce, and
his experience of Chinese life and travel
will be invaluable. Mr*. Green is known
to the merchants of this country as an
expert on all matters touching the indus
trial and commercial development of the
United States. .
When the Pacific Mail Company learned
of the proposed commission to China it
tendered to the members complimen
tary passage from this city to Shanghai.
The Peking having been chartered by the
Government the same courtesy has been
extended by the O. and O. Company on
their steamship Doric.
That such a commission is of moment
to California is beyond question and the
gentlemen composing it will receive the
best wishes of all interested in the exten
sion of trade with the Oriental countries.
REPUBLICAN CLUBS MEET.
Delegates for the Coining Convention
Appointed by Two Organizations.
Republicans throughout the city are or
ganizing their forces for the coming cam
paign with unusual vim, and election day
will find them ready for the fray. The
Bear Republican Club met in Superior
Court Judge Cook's room lai.t evening for
the purpose of appointlngdelegates for the
convention of Republican clubs to be held
in Golden Gato Hall on the 31st inst. and
June 1, and the following were selected:
A. B. Truman, Julius Kalin, H. C. Dib
ble, D. M. Burns, A. J. Ascheim, E. L.
Head, G. C. Groezinger, F. P. Bull, T. W.
Collins, W. A. Dean, J. P. Kincaid, N. E.
Maison, J. D. Brown, C. W. Manwaring,
Thomas Morton.
Following the appointment of delegates,
officers to hold office during the ensuing
year were nominated. They will be
elected at the next meeting of the club.
Owing to the fact that but one candidate
for e;tch position was nominated, the
nominations virtually amount to an elec
tion :md the following will occupy the
offices: President, T. W. Collins; first
vice-president, A. W. Vooryanger; second
vice-president, R. D. Falkner; third vice
president, J. D. Brown; treasurer, Oscar
A. Tolle; secretary. N. E. Maison; exec
utive committee— A. B. Truman, M. F.
Tailor. J. P. Kincaid, E. J. Casey and E.
L. Head.
The German-American Republican Club
held a meeting on Monday evening and
appointed delegates for the convention of
clubs. The following were appointed:
Captain R. Wier.c-ke, Dr. F. P. Muffe,
Oscar A. Tolle, "William Pligemann, John
D Spreckcls, John L.. Koster, Charles A.
Zinkand, Louis Pockwitz, Hans Veroni,
R. Munk, Charles Samuels, George A.
Reetz, Henry C. Droger, F. Gercke, Dr.
A E. Brune, R. Jentsch, Henry Raschen,
I.eon Samuels, Carl F. Metzner, John
Lackraann and William Wankowski.
FAILURE TO PROVIDE.
A Carpet Layer and an Ex-Policeman
in Trouble.
Percy I* Smith, a carpet layer, on
Broadway, between Stockton tuid Powell
streets, was arraigned before: Judge Low
yesterday for failure to provide for his
four young children who were ranged up
in court for the Judge's edification. Mrs.
Smith testified that they were destitute
and had no means of support. She had
money in the bank at one time, but her
husband had squandered it. Smith
claimed that he had been sick, but prom
ised to support his family, and the Judge
continued the case for a week to see If
he would carry out his promise.
The wife of Fred Higgins, ex-policeman,
swore out a warrant yesterday for his ar
rest on the charge of failing to provide
for ■ his three young children. She said
that she had to depend upon her mother
for their support. Higgins was dismissed
from the force for his conduct toward a
young girl who was then employed in the
Emporium, and his wife states that he is
now living with her and neglecting his
family. <*"
■ m «
Fell Down an Elevvtor.
Edward Cook, janitor in the Academy
of Science building, Ml down the elevator
shaft, a distance of about ten feet, yester
day morning. H»: WM token to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found that
his bark was sprained ami his ear cut.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLD PICK LINT
JOHNSON - LOCKE MERCANTILE
COMPANY,
699 Market Street, San Francisco,
SOLE AGENTS
STEAMERS FOR ALASKA AND KOTZE-
BUE SOUND,
Will Dispatch the Following Steamers:
l/V\AY2sth-
FOR DUTCH HARBOR, NUNIVAK ISLAND.
HOOPERS BAY. ST. MICHAEL AND
DAW SON CITY,
< THE STEAMSHIP
TILLAMOOK.
mAY2Bth-
FOR KOTZEBUE SOUND. DUTCH HAR.
i BOR NUNIVAK ISLAND. HOOPERS
' BAY. ST. MICHAEL AND DAW-
SON CITY..
The Newly-built Triple Expansion Steamer
GRACE, DOLLAR, '
Connecting at, th? mouth of thB Putnam
River with the .river Steamer ARCTIC BIRD,
which will transfer passengers up the Putnam
River about the vicinity of Fort Cosmos.
JUNE Ist—
FOR ST. MICHAEL, DAWSON CITT AND
YUKON RIVER POINTS.
The Magnificent Steamer .
MORGAN CITY.
Capacity 700 Passengers. 2000 Tons of Freight.
v The abov« ■ steamers are the finest of their
class; every comfort given to passengers:" best
table set of . any lino running to Alaska. If
you axe going to Alaska go by a reliable line. '
For Information address
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY,
Market at., _ San Francisco.
frills Indian- Vegetable Fills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to- cur«
SICIC HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid : Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimple*
and purify the blood.;
Crossman's SDBCiflc Mixture
'- With ' this 7 remedy persons can cure them-
selves : without the i least ■ exposure, ' change of
diet or change In application to business. Th«
medicine contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for it.
Price. •» a bottle. . . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEATHER REPORT— Fair Friday; fresh westerly wind.
SAN FRANCISCO'S (MOST PROGRESSIVE GOODS HOUSE.
Fifth Grand Afternoon Concert Saturday
. by .
The Boston Elite Orchestra.
(LEO BRUCK, Conductor.)
/. March, "The Chicago Times-Herald" . Cohn
2. Overture, "Tique Dime" Suppe
3. Morceaux CbaracUristique, "Chatterbox" Eilenbirg
4. Selection, "A Night in Venice" Strauss
5; Walt^, "Jolly Fellows... :..... Vollstedt
6. "Japanese Lantern "Djn'ce" 'Bralton
7. Cornet Solo, "^sthore" Trotere
8. Selection, "Rigolitto". Verdi
9. IValtr, "1001 Nights" Strauss
10. Gavotte,- "Ye Good Old Times ' -<.....'... Jungmann
11. "Swedish Wedding "Procession" - Sodermann
12. (March, "The Stars and Stripes Forever" .....J. Sousa
il iAmerica."
To=Day, Friday,
Great Ribbon Sale.
4300 Yards Taffeta Ribbon.
0
We specially welcome just now from our New York buyers an elegant
assortment in colors of No. 40 and No. 60 Moire and Plain Taffeta Ribbons.
Must have been bought well because we can sell so far below our usual
prices; must be good ribbon or Hale's would not make a strong attraction
of it for to-day.
1 OHO YARDS good heavy all-silk plain and moire taffeta ribbon, f g-
1 yUU 31^ j ncnes w ide, perfect in color assortment I »*C YARD
Sale commences 8 a. m sharp.
1 Add YARDS the same q ualit y ribbon in the same excellent jq
* '"" shades, and still perfect in color assortment, but 4 in. wide.. I"t YARD
■ Sale commences 8 a. m. sharp.
Domestic Department Speaks Plainly!!!
HUCK TOWELS, 19x38 inches, all linen, fringed, colored borders, f y\
good heavy quality * *"aS-> EACH
We build up a reputation on just such items.
PERCALES, full 36 inches wide, large variety of  patterns, light *\ r
colors — worth inspection — we welcome it "'a^ YARD
DALLAS SHEETING, bleached, good quality muslin, 9-4 or 81 j .-%
inches *^C YARD
Same goods, but 10-4 or 90 inches... 13c YARD
BATES' WHITE CROCHET SPREADS, full size, hemmed ready for
use _hotelkeepers, campers and those going to the country Jf\ r
should see this Spread ~. /UC EACH
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS-MATINEE SATURDAY.-'
The Great French Pantomimlst,
PILAR MORIN
And her Original Company Presenting
THE A DRESDEN SHEPHERDESS (Comedy)
TRIPLE IN OLD JAPAN (Tragedy)
BILL . . And SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
NEXT TUESDAY-YSAYE -da cot,™
Daily at 3 (except Saturday) the PASSION
Thursday, May 26-MRS.' LEASE. In lecture.
CALIFORNIA .THEATER.
ALL THIS MATINEE SATURDAY.
A Perfect Production of Ouida's Romance,
MOTHS.
Exceptionally Strong Popular Prices.
EXTRA-
Beginning NEXT MONDAY, MAY 23.
America's Representative Vaudeville Organlza-
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and his Riding
Baboon. Jessie. 10-Other Big Feature Acts-10.
Popular Prices •• V'JL^SI **> c ' o" 0
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THE YEAR'S DRAMATIC TRIUMPH.
The Distinguished Roman tic Actor, ROBERT B.
MANTELL
And a Select Company. Management of W. M.
HAXLEY.
Presenting All This Week. Matinee Saturday,
THE FACE IN THE MOONLIGHT.
SPEClAL— Additional Performances.
Arrangements have been made for the exten-
sion of Mr. Mantell's engagement for another
week, as a result of the immense demand for
seats. REPERTOIRE NEXT WEEK:
Monday and Tuesday— "A SECRET WAR-
K We"dnesday and Thursday-"MONBARS/' _
Remainder of the week— "THE FACE SIN
THE MOONLIGHT."
May 30— "THE NEW DOMINION."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreilng, Proprietor and Manager
THIS EVENING,
126 th PERFORMANCE 125 th .!
The Nautical Farcical Comedy Success,
SHIP AHOY I
A lot of Novelties this week.
NEXT WEEK— A Positive Novelty,
"THE POSTER"
IT MOVES— IT BREATHES. .
Popular Prices - 26c and 800
No telephone. . . -
it T /"I V r~F X Y~\ SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. MS ,rat?
THIS WEEK—MATINEE TO-MORROW.
Endorsed by All Newspapers.
YOUNG MRS. WINTHROP.
Prices 15c, 23c, 35c, 50c
. Sale of seats now on for LEWIS MORRISON
opening Monday night in "YORICKS LOVE."
THE KNEISEL QUARTETTE
WILL UiVE THEIR
LAST CHAMBER CONCERT IN SAN
FRANCISCO
SATURDAY AFTERNOON at 3 o'clock.
SHERMAN, CLAY HALL,
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
'. Prices $2 and $1 50.
Sale of seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, Sut-
ler and Kearny sts. .
AMUSEMENT and INSTRUCTION
FOR YOUNG AND OLD In the
ZOO AT THE CHUTES.
See the Burial of the "MAINE" SAILORS!
Battleship "IOWA" in Action and New Scenes
by the Anlmatoscope.
"VISIONS OF ART" AND ATTRACTIONS
GALORE!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
10c to all, including Zoo, etc. ; Children, 5c
' ~~~~~~~- -— —-^— —————— ~
fll VMDIA I Corner of Mtton «n<i
UL, X lVlfl AI; Eddy SIIM , $
Soul-Inspiring WA.: SCENES. Unit»d States
Infantry : and ' Artillery, Spanish Navy and
Troops, United j States Battleships and Torpedo
Boats, - Thrilling Havana < Scenes by THE BIO-
GRAPH, the Greatest of ,•: Projectoscopes. - and
an Olio of Ten Great Specialty Acts. Admis-
on "Free.** Matinee every Sunday. ; :
AMUSEMENTS.
MQROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE ,
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Last Week of FRANK LINDON, Who Will
Appear as DADDY NOLAN. in Dan
Sully's Famous Laugh-Pro-
voking Comedy-Drama,
"THE CORNER GROCERY."
"THE FUNNIEST THING THAT EVER
HAPPENED."
Evening Prices ..10c, 23c, 50a
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
A Great Bill of Rare Attractiveness. PIE-
TRO MARINO, Talented Violinist; MANHAT-
TAN COMEDY FOUR, America's Funniest
Singing Comedians; JEROME & BELL, Up-to-
Date Comedy; ISABELLA URQUHART. Sup-
ported by WILMER & VINCENT; GEORGE
H. FIELDING, MLLE. BARTHO. BOGART
& O'BRIEN. GRUET. BEERS & GRUET and .
KERNER'S VISIONS OF ART. New Subjects.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 60c. ,
Next Weelc-EZRA KENDALL,
CARROL JOHNSON yd 32 Others.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB.
SECOND ANNUAL
DOG SHOW!
BENEFIT CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
MAY 18, 19, 20, 21. 1898.
$3500 in Trophies, Cash and Cups*
OPEN FROM
10 A. M. to 10 P. M. Dally.
SEE MARTIN'S PERFORMING! DOGS.
ADMISSION 500
CHILDREN 250
BENEFIT OF RED CROSS SOCIETY.
CONCERT BY
LITTLE PALOM A SCHRAMM,
. Child Pianiste and Composer.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON, MAY 20,
THREE O'CLOCK.
Sherman-Clay's Hall, 233 Sutter
ADMISSION— CENTS.
DACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB —
Winter Meetin- 1897-^B, Beginning TUESDAY.
May 3, to May 21 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
i THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
-RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. -
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00. 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:46 p. m.. and immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre*.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
. Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children. 16c; including admiaslo*
to grounds. .
-THE STEAMER UKIAH-
Wlll leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 13:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., L i and 5 p. m. ■ r - »/,
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. ml until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN So
Bathing, with admission. 25c; children. ; 20c.
-■■■.■■■■^ mml - -w*y; v ; - ■-'■■<■■■■
x'^^fekfiriH B'B X is » non -poisonous
, < * <^GfflQlP' r *Bmi !^fa remedy for Gonorrhoea,
JwBBrtiCKEs^BI gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
SMSr in lto 5 days.^KM bites, unnatural dis-
BKw Qc»r»nte«ri j| charges, or any inflamma-
H^S) cot to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera*
P«— ■ 'I PreTjots con'-agiou. tion of raucous niem-
§^^rHEE¥ANSCHE«in»ir!o. Cranes. Son-astringent.
fcSAciNCINNATI.O IBMI ° 1U by I>pn «i :i9U '
tßlßt. no i. jfisff °r Bent lv pluio wrapper,
_^^M^^ * '■£&& by eiprehs. prepaid, lot
fV 00 > - or 3 bottles. *2.7&.
c*^<mßtM^^lrc *^<mBtM^^1r ■ Circular »-jiit oa r»4u«sC
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
Another advance In Quicksilver.
/ Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley lower.
- Oats and Corn dull. Rye declined.
Bran lower.
Old Hay firm; new Hay weak.
White Beans firmer.
Oregon Potatoes higher.
New Onions firmer.
Vegetables weaker.
Butter declined. Eggs unchanged.
Hens in oversupply.
Cherries and Berries lower.
Fine Oranges firm.
Dried Fruits selling fairly. ,
Provisions still firm.
Hides strong. Wool and Hops dull.
Keats unchanged.
Lucol and Linseed Oil advanced.
Increased exports of ' Produce.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port thus far
this year amount to $15,283,700, against $11.
iSVI.KOO for the same time last year, and In- j
oludod $1 0r.fi. 400 to the Atlantic Coast. $3,5^.400 !
to Croat Britain, $1,143,000 to China, $1,927,000
to Japan and $1,554,700 to the Hawaiian Is!
_
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig- I
uree at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath it, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal !
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high ;
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres- i
cure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When ;
the pressure is high in the interior and low !
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Hay IS, 1893, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California : i <-»."".: V^b "
Eureka,, 52: Fresno, 78: Los Angeles, 64; Red
Bluff, 74; Independence, TO: San Dieg-o, 60: Sac
ramento, 72; San Luis Obispo, 64; Yuma, 82.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 60;
minimum, 47; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECASTS.
The pressure Is rising slowly over the Pacific
Elope, and the low area now overlies the Rocky
mountain region. The temperature has re
mained nearly stationary over the entire coun
try west of the Rocky mountains. The tem
peratures are nearly normal over the northern
half of California.
Rain has fallen in Utah and over Washington
and Northwestern Oregon.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 20, 1898:
Northern California — Fair Friday; fresh
northwesterly winds; wanner In extreme east
ern portion.
Southern California— Fair Friday; warmer;
fresh westerly wind.
Nevada— Friday; warmer.
■Utah — Cloudy Friday; warmer.
. . Arizona— Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
fresh westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind northwest, 6 miles per
hour; temperature, 56; maximum, 60.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
. Local -' "i-ast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 19.— No *r?at success at- |
tended the effort to awaken speculative inter- j
ests in stocks to-day. There *a.s, in fact, no 1
very great effort to do so, the powerful influ- j
ences in the market being ipparenOy content j
to rest on their oars and wait for more defl- j
nite information of the operitiona of the op- 1
posing fleets in West Indian \vat;n. The ineas- '■
ures taken by the Government to shut off all ■
information on this subject have apparently
proved entirely successful, and Wall siti-oct was
completely in the dark. Even rumors on the
subject which are likely to prove plentiful in
T?uch circumstances were not forthcoming and :
the market was consequently -lull, there wera
a number of conspicuous advances during the
day, but they were by no m^ans uniform, nor
were they simultaneous. First on; stock, then
another, seemed to be the object of some spe
cial demand, but these Isolated movements tad
very little influence on the general list Sugar
was the most prominent of sncli stocks and ad
vanced suddenly about two points after the ear- |
ly hesitation. Tobacco also hud its period of j
strength.
Bonds showed a notable awakening into activ- ;
tlvity. evidently a result of the more abundant
supply of money. The Missouri Pacific issues
were all in demand and were advanced from
l«t to "8% per cent. There were very hea.y
dealings also in Union Pacific fours at a slight I
concession fmm last night's prices. Total
sales, J2.37r,,0<VP.
T'nited States fours registered gained % per
cent and xho coupons 1% per cent in the bid ;
price. Then; was no other change.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 253,500 shares,
including 40i>=> Atchison preferred; H.OP6 liur
lington; 7322 Louisville & Nashville; 22.690 Man
hattan; 18,800 Rock Island; 35.826 St. Paul;
12.144 Union Parifi'-; 29,85] Tobacco; 3562 Chi- !
cago & Great Western; 5631 People's Gas; 8530
Consolidated Gas; 98,880 Sugar; 4341 Leather- !
11,255 Leather preferred; 4620 P.ubber.
Atchison 12U|
Do prefd 80%
Baltimore & Ohio. 18
Can Pacific .*. 92%j
Can Southern 51%
Cent Pacific 12V4
Ches & Ohio 21%
Chi & Alton ......159
Chi B & Q 101%
Chi & E 111 BO '
C C C & St L 32%
Do prefd .... 80
Del & Hudson ... 107
Del L a \v 152 1
Del & Rio G 10%
Do prefd 45%
Erie (new) 12%
Do Ist prefd .... 34%
Fort Wayne 148
Gt Nor prefd .....163
Hocking Val ...... 6
Illinois Cent JOS '
Lake Erie & W.... 15
Do prefd 73
Lake Shore ........186
Louis & Nash 53%
Manhattan L 104
Met St Ry UK
Mich Cent ..102%
Minn & St L...... 20
Do Ist prefd .... 185 ■ ;
Mr. Pacific 33%
Mobile & Ohio .... 28
Mo K. & T. 10%
Do prefd ........ 34%
Chi, Ind & L 9
Do prefd ........ 29
N J Central 94 I
NT Central 114941
N Y. Chi & St L.. 13
Do Ist prefd .... fir,
Do 2d prefd .... 31%
Nor West 13
No Amer Co r 6%
No Pacific ... : 23%
Do prefd .:...... 65
Ontario & W...... 15%
Or ft & Nay ...... 48
Or Short Lino .... 29 ■
... ...... ...... .
[St P & Om 75%
Do prefd 14$
St P. M & M 132
So Pacific ! 14%
So Railway 514
Do prefd 28%
Texas & Pacific .. li
Union Pacific 5174
r ]• D & G... 7%
I Wabash 7%
I Do prefd 19%
Wheel & L E 2%
j Do prefd 11
; Express companies—
Adams Ex ..:. 100
American Ex 125
United States ..... 40
Wells-Fargo 117
Miscellaneous—
A Cot Oil 22%
Do prefd ......'.. 72%
Amer Spirits ...... 111;
Do prefd .......... 28%
Amer Tobacco 108%
Do prefd ..;... ..118
People's Gas 97%
Cons Gas ..........193
Com Cable Co. ICO
Col F & 1r0n...... 22
Do prefd ........ 90
Gen Electric: ...... 35%
Illinois Steel ...... 50
Laciede Gas ....... 46
Lead 33%
Do prefd ........106
Nat Lin Oil .:..... 19%
Or Imp Co 27
Pacific Mail ....... 27
I Pullman Pal ......182
Silver Certificates. 57%
Stan Rope & T *6%
Sug-ar .........131%
Do prefd .. ..ill
T C A- Iron ....... 259*
U S Leather ...... 7%
Do prefd ........ 64%
US Rubber ...... 21%
Do'prefd ,"....".;.. 78%
We6t Union .... , , . 90jL
Pittsburs .168 Chi &N W 125
Reading 17*. Do prefd 169%
R0..-k Island 101% St L & S W ...... 4%
Reading Ist prefd. 43% Do prefd 10%
St L & S F 7% R G TV 25
Do Ist prefd .... 60% Do prefd .... 60
Do 2d prefd 2SV* Chi G. W .......... 14
St Paul 96% Haw Com Co 19
Do prefd ........144%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg....121% Nor Car 6s ........122%
Do coupon 121 Do fours — . — lO5
US 4s /.. 108*4 No Pacific Ists ...115%
Do coupon 109% Do 3s ...... ... 60
Do seconds 95 Do fours 95>>i
I" S r,s rep ..110% NYC & St L .104
Do ."s coupon ....110 1 Nor &W. 6s 117
District 3 65s 113% Northwestern Con.l3S
Ala Class A 109 Do deb 5a 113%
Do B ....108% Or Nay lsts 115
Do C 90 Or Nay 4s 95
Do currency 90 OS Line 6s. tr....122%
Atchison lours .... 90 OS Line us, tr 102%
TV. adj 4s 63% O Imp Ists, tr 109%
Can So 2da 107% Do ss. tr 67%
Chi Term 4s 84 Pacific 6s of *95...103»i
C & Ohio Ss 112 Reading fours 82%
C. H & D 4'is 104% ROW Ists 82%
D <S- R G istß 105 St L&Tr M Conss P3Vi
D & R <; 4s 91% St L A- S F Gen 65.116%
East Term lets ..106 St p Con=... 142
Erie On 4? 71% St Paul C & Plat B. 116%
P W At D lets. tr. 7! Do 58 115
Gen Elec 5a j 103 So Ry 5s 91%
GH&S A6B 105 (Stan R& T C 5.... 64
Do seconds I".-,:., I Term new set 3s .. 86
H&T C6s 110 Tex Pac L G Ists. lo3
Do con 6s 104 Do reg 2ds 33%
lowa C Ists 102 UP D & Gulf Ists 57%
La new cons 45... 100 Wabash Ist 5s ....106%
LAN Unl 4s 88 Do seconds 81%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107
M X & T 2ds 60 Va Centuries 68
Do fours 89 Do deferred ■ 3
N T Cent Ist? ...117% V P prefd 57%
N J Cent 5e 111 Do fours 92%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 : Ontario ..^ 2 75
Crown Point B Ophlr 30
Con Cal & Va.... 50 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 75! Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... l.ii Quicksilver prefd. 2 00
Hale & Norcross. 70 ! Sierra Nevada ... 50
Homestake 40 00 Standard .150
Iron Silver 40 Union Con .- 5
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May 19.— Atchison, 12; Bell Tele
phone. 260: Burlington, 101 Vi; Mexican Central,
i\; Oregon Short Line, - — -; San Diego, .
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, May 19.— Close: Money on call,
steady. IH@2 per cent; last loan, 1«4 per cent;
prime mercantile paper. IW@l per cent; ster
ling exchange, easier, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S6i«4 SS l^ for demand and at
54 tS&i S" l^ for sixty days; posted retes. $4 Kjji
@4 B7; commercial bills. $4 S2Ms; silver certifi
cates. 57%@57%c; bar silver. 57^; Mexican dol
lars. 45 1<,o;1 <,o; Government bonds, heavy; State
bonds, dull; railroad bonds, strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 19.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were stagnant but steady to-day, •
business being checked by the general holiday
on the Continent (Ascension day). Americans
were easier. Consols and similar stocks were
good on easy money.
Details of the gold movement for the week
show the purchase of 921,000 pounds in bar j
gold and foreign coin, the receipt of 211, '^0
pounds from Austria, of 160,000 pounds from
Egypt and of 87,000 pounds from Australia and
15,000 pounds from South America, and the ex
port of 10,000 pounds to Peru.
The discount market was weakened to-day
by the release of a large amount of Japanese
money, which is being lent to the market in
June.
Jai an is also believed to be endeavoring to
Invest part of the indemnity money in bills.
All this contributes -to temporary ease in the
money market.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, S5; Orand Trunk, B*4. Bar
silver, quiet: 26 7-16 d per ounce. Money, 2^l§
-\ per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AJSTD PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, May 19— FLOUR— Receipts,
20.740 barrels: exports, 434 barrels. Inactive,
but held steady at previous figures.
WHEAT- Receipts, 635.725 bushels; exports,
22,935 bushels. Spot steady: No. 2 red, $1 62V4
f. o. b. afloat to arrive, exporting rates. Op
tio'is opened steadier on cables and were fur
ther advanced later in the day by rumors con- j
cerning a possible extension of time on French !
duty removal. Closed steady at %@lc net ad
vance. No. 2 red May, $1 oS^l bo, closed $1 54;
July, $1 12%'gl 14%, closed $1 13", i.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— LittIe change is noted in most de
partments of the metal market and business
still hangs fire. Tin and spelter received the
bulk of attention to-day and exhibited rela
tive strength. At the close:
PlGlßON— Warrants were quiet and un
changed at $6 7") bid and $7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $12 bid and
$12 10 asked.
TlN— Firmer at Jl4 55 bid and $14 65 aeked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, but firm at $4 25 bid
and $4 30 asked.
LEAD— DuII at $3 60 bid and $3 65 asked. The
firm fixing the settling prica for miners and
smelters quotes lead at $3 50.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
<"< >FEE— Options opened steady at unchanged
prices to E points advance and ruled inactive
and featureless in the absence of Havre cables
on account of holiday. Market received some
support from buying by Arbuckles, otherwise j
featureless. Closed steady and unchanged to
10 points higher. Sales, 7000 bags. Including I
May, $5 75; August, ?5 60. Spot coffee— Rio,
dull; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, S?*c;
mild, quiet; Cordova, S^^lSVfec; sales, ;>OOO bags
Rio No. 7, 6%c late yesterday, not before re
ported.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, held higher; fair re
fining, 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4>4c; refined,
firm; granulated, 5%c.
BT'TTER— Receipts. 4110 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 14(i?15c; Elglnß, 15c; fac
tory, 12@13c
EGGS— Receipts, 12,100 packages. Market
steady; Western, 10% c; Southern, 9(gloc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May 19.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples strong, other fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@B^o;
prime wire tray, 9<@'9 /4c; wood-dried, prime,
SVi^^c; choice, 9Vic; fancy, 9V2<S"lOc.
PRUNES— 4@B%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, S@loc; Moorpark, 10®12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s@Bc; peeled, 12«14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 19.— Wheat got to the call
price to-day, but closed under the top. It was
a short market, ruts having been good for sev
eral days. The best advance was In the last
hour on cable avices from Paris that .he remis
sion of the wheat tariff might be extended to
October 1, the Chamber of Commerce having
petitioned for that action. Liverpool cables
showed a decline for the day from %@2d a cen
tal. The continental markets were taking a
holiday. There was a continuance of favorable I
weather In the West. The Price Current wsu
rather bearish. Joseph Leiter had a bid to-day
for another heavy line of wheat from the same
people whom he sold 2.000,000 bushels for ship
ment to France about two weeks ago. The
opening strength here was added to by reprrts
emanating from St. Louis that complaints of
rust wheat were being received there from
northern sections of Missouri, and of course i
as the bearish local sentiment was based almost |
entirely on the unblemished reputatlo/i of the
coming crop, shorts took fright immediately
upon the shadow of suspicion being cast upun
it. July sold down to $1 05% and September to
gSHc, and they rose respectively to $1 07-i and
S9%c on the rust scare. July wheat opened I
higher at $1 06. sold up to $1 06%, declined to
SI 96%, recovered to Jl 07% and closed at $1 07
asked. September closed at SB 7 /tc. May opened
unchanged, declined to Jl 35 and advanced to
$1 45 bid at the close.
Corn was firm to-day and at one time was a
full cent above yesterday. July closed with a I
ne-t gain of >»,i&%c.
Oats followed corn, but closed unchantjcJ.
Provisions ruled dull and ea-y. Thare was
some buying by packers. Pork an} lard and
ribs closed 17% c higher for the July option.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. «—
May ........ .7. ... .V .... 146 135 1 45
July 106 ' 107% 105% 107
Sept. 88% . 89% 88 Vi 83%
Dec. 84*4 84% 84 84%
Corn No. — ••■-'-
May ......1 33% 35% 35% 35%
July ..'35% 36% 35% 35%
Sept 36% 37 36V4 36%
Oats No. 2— \ ::'■•"'•
May.... 30% 30% 29% 29%
July 28% 26H 26 26%
Sept 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May .......1220 12 30 12 00 13 10
July ..........12 42% 12 42/4 12 10 12 22%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 660 (68 « 47% 6 47%
July .... 6 67% 670 666 655
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May
July ....6 37% 6 37% , 6 17% 6 22%
Sept. '.... 6 47% 6 47% 625 630
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet. No. 2 spring wheat, Jl 12; No. 3
spring wheat, Jl 10@l 25; No. 2 red, Jl 40: No.
2 corn, 86%®36c; No. 2 oats, 30^jc; No. 2 white,
83^c; No. 3 white, 32V4c; No. 2 barley. 42&48f:;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 3S>; prime timothy seed,
nominal, $2 80; mess pork, per bbl, JJ2@l2 10;
lard, per 100 lbs, J6 50@6 60; 6hort ribs sides
(loose), J6 10@6 45: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), jetj's 26; short clear sides (boxed), 45®
B 12H:-
Articles— a Race!
'lour, barrels 18.!
Vheat, bushels ;........ ... 819, <
torn, bus-hels ■■ .515, ;
iats. bushels 365.'
>yp, blislicls ......... ... S,(
tarley, bushels ............. 21,'
8,700
242,000
420,400
297.100
'3J50
On the produce Exchange to-day the Butter
Market was steady; creameries, 12@15o; dairies
ll@l3c. Eggs steady, 9%c Cheese, ■; flna;
creameries, Bi4o. -^J
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. ' ■'
Receipts. Shipments.
, . . . . ' Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 170.200 38,500
Duluth 327,519 19.797
i Milwaukee-......-..;... ..".. 21.450: ......
I Chicago ..V... 318,858 2*1.915
Toledo ....:.........". 177.681 183,000
i St. Louis :..... :. ......
i Detroit ......
Kansas City 55.000 24,500
Totals 1,079.708 507.712
Tidewater—
l Boston ..' 76, 140
! New York 533,725 22,9."3
j Philadelphia 9,881 344
j Baltimore 93.634 102,444
New Orleans
Totals ....". 713,380 " 125,741
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— • May. Sept. Deo.
; Opening .....: Holiday.
j Closing ....
! Flour— • •
| Opening '....
i Closing ....
LIVERPOOL, WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
i Opening. 10 6*4 - 710 71%
Closing 10 6 7 11 7 2%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 19.— CATTLE— trade in
cattle to-day was fairly active and prices gen
erally ruled steady. Sates were largely/made
lat $! 3-V.14 76. Beef steers. $t@4 25; exports,
{4 86@4 85; Btockers and feeders, $4 26'?4 85;
Texas steers, $4 150>4 70; cows • and heifers,
$4 65@4 70.
HOGS— As enough hogs remained over last
I night to swell the offerings to 50,000 the sup
! ply was extremely large. Trade was active,
with the better class of heavy and medium
weight hogs selling 5o higher. The packing de
mand was exceedingly slack. Fair to choice,
$4 50@4 70; heavy packers, $4 20@4 72%; butch
ers', $4 30@4 60; pigs, $3@4 25.
SHEEP— There was active demand to-day for
sheep and prices remained steady. Clipped
sheep, $3 25@4 70; clipped lambs. $3 75@>5; wool
ed lambs. $5 10@5 50; spring lambs, $6 60@7.
Receipts— Cattle, 9600; hogs, 44,000; sheep.
18.000.
. OMAHA.
OMAHA. May 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1400.
Market steady to stronger; native beef steers,
$3 90@4 80; Western steers, $3 76(g'4 40; cows and
heifers $3 30@4 30; canners. $2 25@3 20; stock
ers and feeders, $3 So@s; calves, $4<g6 50; bulls
and stags, $2 70@S 80.
HOGS— Receipts. 8000. Market 5c higher;
heavy, $4 30@4 45; mixed. $4 30^4 85; light,
$4 27@4 35; bulk of sales, $4 30@4 40. ■ • .
SHEEP— Receipts, 1700. Market steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 80@4 25; do Westerns,
I $3 60@4 20; common and stock sheep, $3<g>4;
j lambs, $4 26<gf> 25. / -V .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, May CATTLE— Receipts,
| 4600. Market steady; native steers, |3 25@4 90;
: native cows and heifers, $2 7604 65; stockers
! and feeders. $3 50@5 10; bulls, $3@4 05.
HOGS— Receipts, 19,000. Market steady; bulk
of sales, $4 20<g>4 55; heavies, $4 30@4 66, pack
ers, $4 20@4 40; mixed, $4 15@4 40; lights, $4@
4 30; pigs, $3 76@4 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm; lambs,
$4 75@5 50; muttons, t:\l4 40.
DENVER.
DENVER, May 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market steady: beef steers, $3 80^4 50; cows,
| $3@3 90; feeders, freight paid to river, $4^4 40;
stockers do, $4^4 60; bulls; stags, etc., $2 25@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 800. Market weaker and a
shade lower. Light packers, $4 So@4 35; mixed,
$4 20@4 30; heavy. $4 lf>«4 32%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 800. Market steady; good
I fat muttons, $3 25@4 30; lambs, $4 10@5 10.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 19.— third series of the
colonial wool sales closed to-day with a good
attendance. The offerings to-day numbered
11,673 bales. including good Queensland greasy,
which sold at the highest of the present prices.
New South Wales and New Zealand were
strongly supported. Competition was strong
throughout the sales, with prices ruling against
buyers, especially low cross-breds. During the
sales 206,000 bales were available, and of this
number 178,000 were catalogued, 10,000 with
drawn and 29,000 not offered and carried over
to the next series. The home trade purchased
82,000 bales and the continental buyers 70,000
bales. The Russian buyers purchased a few
hundred. A few trial lots were taken by the
American buyers. Early sales showed hesita
tion, with occasional declines, merinos and
cross-breda showing 5 per cent lower than the
second series. After a few days the sale be
came animated and prices hardened until the
March quotations were equaled. Low merinos
and heavy cross-breds, however, did not fully
recover the losses of the early part of the
series and closed at 5 per cent lower than the
second series. The offerings at the fourth
series are listed at 300,000 bales. Following are
the sales in detail:
New South Wales, 3500 bales; scoured, 9*£d@
Is 9%d; greasy, sV*!f9d.
Queensland, 1200 bales; scoured. Is %d@ls3%d;
i greasy, 5&!59%d.
Victoria, 1400 bales; scoured, 9d@ls 3^d;
greasy, n^'SS^d.
South Australia, 500 bales; scoured. 6V4d@
Is MA; greasy, S^igS^d.
New Zealand, 4200 bales; scoured, Bd@ls 6Vtd;
greasy, 6<g9d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 700 bales;
scoured, 6V4d@ls 2d; greasy, 5%@7%d.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, May Consols, 110 11-16®
110 13-16; silver. 26 7-16 d.
LIVERPOOL, May 19.— Wheat, dull; cargoes
oft coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
easier; English country markets, dull; French
country markets, weak; wheat in Paris, holi
day.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSE.
CORN— May. nominal July steady, 8s B%d;
September steady, 3s 9Vsd. .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, May 19.— wheat market is
dull and lifeless. Walla Walla was quoted at
90<g92c and valley and bluestem at 91@94c. .
There Is very little wheat moving, holders
asking more than exporters will pay.
WASHINGTON.
• TACOMA, May 19. — No sales of wheat. Quo
tations unchanged at 97@98c for bluestem and
94@95c for club.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $205,728,830; gold reserve,
$175,277,209. -
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May Exchanges, $413,242;
j balances, $135,069. *___•.'-■
LOCAL MARKETS. .
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, Bight.. _ — $4 84
'. Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
i Sterling Cables — 4 87%
I New Ybrk Exchange, sight.... — 12%
! New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
! Fine Silver, per ounce — 67%
Mexican Dollars ••"••• • — ' 46V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
I WHEAT— The downward tendency continues
! all along the line, both here and elsewhere.
There is very little doing in California Wheat
for the very good reason that there Is very
little to do with, the bulk of the stock coming
from the north.
Spot Wheat was nominal at the following
quotations: Shipping, $1 67>i<g>l 70; milling,
$1 75@1 80 per ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal session — o'clock — December—
8000 ctls. $162; 24,000, $1 62%; 14,000, $162%. I
Second session — — 24.000 ctls, $1 60%;
2000, $1 60%: 2000. $1 60%; 6000, $1 60%.
Regular morning .' session — December — 10.000
! ctls, $1 60%; 6000, $1 60%; 2000. $1 60%.
Afternoon session — December 2000 ctla, $1 59;
28,000. $1 60; 50.000. $159%; 32.000, $1 69%; 10,000.
$159%; 2000, $1 59%; 12,000. $1 59%.
BARLEY— There. was quite a pronounced de
cline on call, as will be seen.; Spot values were
also lower and the market was quiet. Brew-
Ing, however, seems to "keep up better than
feed.* •■■-■" ■ ■ ■ ' ■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ • .."Wv.-.i-r-
Feed, $1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 35*31 87%.
CALL BOARD j SALES. „, ; :
Informal session— o'clock — December — 6000
Ctls, $1 25. ■/,•':■■■■: <■'■•-;,
Second session— December— ctls, $1 23%;
4000, $1 23; 4000. $1 22%; 2000, $1 22; 4000, $1 21%;
2000, $121: 6000, $1211.4; 4000, $1 21% ; 2000,
$1 21%.- May— $1 27. ■
, Regular morning session — December — 4000
ctls. $1 23; 8000, $1 22%.
Afternoon session — December — 10,000 ctls,
$1 21%; 8000, $1 21%; 8000, $1 21%; 28.000, $1 21%;
4000, $1 21%; 16,000, $1 21; 12,000, $1 20%; 14,000,
$1 20%. ■.. .. * ■ . : ■
OATS— Business continues slack and prices
show no change. • , : : -
. Fancy Feed, $1 42%@1 45 per ctl ; good to
choice, $1 35@1 40; common. $1 30@l 32% ;■ Sur
prise, $1 45@1 50; gray, $1 32%@1 37%; milling,
$1 35@1 42% per ctl. • - :■, ,',
CORN — Trade Is very dull at the moment, as
all hands seem to be waiting for the ad
vanced freight rates to go Into effect. .
Small round yellow, $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low, $1 07%(fl 10; white, $1 07%®l 10 per ctl. ::
RYE— rather lower at $1 35^1 3*% per ctl.
. BUCKWHEAT— SI.7S@I 85 per ctl. -
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB. .
, FLOUR— Family Extras, J6@6 10: Baker*' Ex
tras. $6 75@5 85 ■ per bbl. ".
MILLSTUFFS— -Prices '■; In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice . Flour. ' $6: ~Cornmeal, $2 50; - extra cream
Cornmeal. 13 25: Oatmeal. $4: Oat GroaU. $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25@3 50: ■ Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25; I
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, - $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
®<i 20; iin sacks, : $5 60®6; Pearl Barley, -,$4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
: h HAY . AND " FEEDSTUFF'S. " .
: Old Hue. continues raihtt- firm . Sum other*.
wise, but new Is easy. The assortment Is con
tinually increasing.
Bran is down again There Is no change in
Middlings. .. •
BRAN— SI 7 50@18 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21 50®23 50 per ton.
n FEEDSTUFFS-RoUed Barley. $28@29 per ton ;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; jobbing,
$32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28@30 per ton- Cornmeal, $24 50; Cracked
Corn, $25. ■■ ■  .
« HAY-(Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $20®
25: Wheat and Oat $20@23 50; Oat, $IS@2O;
Barley. $16@13 56; compressed Wheat. $21@24;
compressed Oat $18(320: Alfalfa. $12 60® 13 60;
Clover, nominal: Timothy $17@18.
NEW HAY-Wheat wire-bound. $17©20; vol
unteer wild Oat $15016: Clover and Oat. $13;
{ 3yis3 yi s0 * 16 island Barley. $13@14; Alfalfa,
STRAW— 70e@$l per bale; Oregon, M>@6oc.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
White Bean» are rather higher, but the other
kinds show no change.
BEANS— Bayos $2 90@3 05: Small Whites,
$1 95@2 10; Large Whites, $1 90®2 05; Pinks.
$' 6.->@2 75; Reds. $3: niackeye. $3 75; Butters.
$1 7512; Limas. $3<B>3 10- Pea, $2@2 15: Red Kid
neys, $2 65@2 S6 per ctl.
SEEDS-Brown Mustard, $2 25@2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard $3 Is<ft3 25: Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed. 2ti^s29ic per rh- Alfalfa, 3«?6c; Rape, 2V 4
2%c; Hemp, 2S' < 'S;3e: Timothy. ■ sffs>4c. :
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $1 90<3
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
: Los Angeles Egg Plant brought 15c per lb,
j Green Peppers, 20c and Tomatoes $1 6001 per
box.
Asparagus and Beans are steady. Peas are
lower. Cucumbers from Marysville are firm
and in light supply.
Potatoes and Onions are rather firm than
otherwise.
POTATOES— Reds, 40(S 1 50 c: River Bur
banks, 60@75c per sack: Oregon Burbanks. ,75e<§!
$1 10; Petaluma Burbanks, 60@75c per sack; new
Potatoes, I^4@2%c per lb.
! ONIONS— Australian Jobbing at $4 50@5; new.
i 60@>70c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 426 boxes As
paragus, 312 boxes Rhubarb and 565 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 25<g"2 50 for extra large; $1 75@2
per box for No 1 $1(S"1 50 for small; Rhubarb,
35®50c per box for small to good and 60<g)75c
for extra choice; Green Peas, $10125 per
sack; Garden Peas, 2<??2%c per It); String Beans,
8@10c; Wax Beans 8<!?l0c.: Horse Beans, 25@50c
per sack; Summer Squash, $1 25@2 per box;
Dried Peppers. 6@7c per rb: Dried Okra, 12%e;
| Cabbage, 65(g75c per ctl: Carrots, 30<§>60c per
sack; Cucumbers, 30c@?l per dozen; Marysville
Cucumbers. $2'S2 25 per box; 1 Mexican Toma
toes, $I@l 50 per box; new Garlic, 6@6c. per It).
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@1bc; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 18c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 12c for Turkeys,
$5 50@6 for Hens and $4 60 for old Roosters.
There Is no change worthy of note in local
stock. Old Hens are coming in heavily, owing
to the high price of feed.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 10011 c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
75c@$l; Goslings. $1 2B®l 50: Ducks, $3(S>4 for
old and $3 f.o(f?s 50 for young; Hens, $3@3 50;
Roosters, young. $SG9: Roosters, old.- $:; 250
3 75: Fryers. $6(f?7: nrollPrs, $4 50(5?5 50 for large.
I $2@3 60 for small; Pigeons, $1 50-31 75 per dozen
for young and i\(q\ 25 for old.
Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter, is weaker and a further decline Is ex
pected. There is no change In Cheese and
Eggs.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20^21c; seconds,
19c.
Dairy — to fancy, lS@l9%c; common
j grades, 16@'17%c per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16®
16% c: ladle-packed, l.vg'iec per TTi; Elgin, We.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@9%c; Cream
Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America, 10%@llc:
Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Eggs, 14®16c per dozen; store
Eggs, 13%@14c; Eastern, 14c; Duck Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Watsonvllle berries sold at auction at $1 75@
I 60.
Cherries and Strawberries are lower. Apri
cots are not coming In very freely and they
Bell fairly.
AH berries have a downward tendency.
Fine Oranges continue firm.
• DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 842 chests of Strawberries and
I 1687 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries, $1 75@3 per chest for large and
$3@4 for small berries In baskets, and $4<§s for
loose.
White Cherries, 25@60c per box; black, 40®
75c; Centennials, — .
Currants, $1 per box. :.:'-A;-:'
Blackberries, $2 25 per crate.
Apricots, ; 40c4?5l per box and 75e®$l per
crate. ■ • >■--.
Gooseberries. ■ 1%@2%c per lb for common and
4%« i. r .c for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 50(gil 76 per crate.
Apples, 40ig'50c per box for common. 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 2501 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25@2 50;
Seedlings, 60c@$l; . Lemons, 50c 'a 1 for commof.
and $1 2'.fi 2 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes. $4; California Limes, in :'mall boxes
40@50c; Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Dealers now report a good demand in a small
way for almost all kinds. A good fall market
is expected. The Prune crop of France Is re
ported as light an it was la.st year, and if this
proves true Prunes ought to sell well this fall.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%«£
Be for 40-50' s, 4V*(Ji4%c for 50-60's. 3%<<Hc for
60-70' s, 3'4@3%c for 70-80' s. 2%@3c for M>-90's 2U
@2%c for 90-100' a;. Peaches, 3@sc: fancy. 5%©
6c; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, 5@6%c for Reve
als and 7©Sc for good to fancy ' Moorparks •
Evaporated Apples, ■■ 7%@Bc: sun-dried, 4%igsc'
Black Figs in sacks. 2@2%c; Plums, 4 1 ,j©43-Jc
for pitted and l'. 4 @i%c for unpltte*; bleached
Plums, 6@5%c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy: Pears. 2%©4% c for quarters and 3JTS%c
for halves, according to color, etc. ~
RAISINS— I%@"2c for two-crown, 3o for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2*« c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per Ib 1
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, B%@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
6%c for Eastern and: 4%c for California- Pc
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, 9%@10c: Brazil Nuts
B@9 per R>; Cocoanuts. $4 60@5 per 100 #
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6®7
for lower grades: water-white extracted lK<a>
6c; light amber extracted, 4»4@5%c per lt>
BEESWAX— 24@26c per tb.
PROVISIONS.
The firmness continues, but there la no fur
ther advance.
CURED MEATS— Bacon." 9c pc- It for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c fir light
lie for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured':
Eastern sugar cured Hams. 10^<g)llc; Califor
nia Hams. 9%@10c; Mess Beef, $10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beo'. '1; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear
$17@17 CO; mess, $16; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c per
LARD— tierces quoted at 6c per It)
for compound, and B%c for pure; pails 9«c-
California tierces. 5%c per rb for compound
and 7%c for pure; half barrels, 7«c- 10-Th
tins. 8>/ 4 c: B-Ib tins. 8%0. ■
COTTOLENE Tierces, 6^6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lto pails, 60 In a case 874c-3-It>8 74c
3-It> pails, 20 in a ease. B%c; 5-!t> pails, 12 in a
case, B>4c; 10-lb pails, 6. in a case, B%c; 50-n>
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c- half
■barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per Ib. ;.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are very strong at the Improved quota
tions. There Is nothing doing In Wool and
Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs i and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
j steers, 10c; medium, 8%@9%0; light. B%@9c;
Cowhides, 8%@9%c : Stags, sc; salted Kip, 9@
9%e; Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 16c: culls and brands.
12<gl3c; dry Kip and Veal. 16@16%c; dry Calf,
18@19c: culls. 16@17c; Goatskins, 30@37%c each;
Kids. s@loc: Deerskins, good summer, 25030 c
per rb; medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20(g25c each; ; short wool. 30®50c
each; medium, 60(??80c; long : wool. 90c@$l 10
each: Horsehides, salt, $2@2 50 for large. $150
@2 for medium and 75c@$l for small; Colts,
f.O'?7'7sc; Horse hides dry, $1 50@2 for large and
$I©l 25 for small; Colts, = 25@50c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3%c per lt>;
No. 2..2@2%c; refined, 4%@4%c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip, San Joaquln, defective, 7®
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; ; free Northern,
17@18c. ..... •
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9®12%c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, -: nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85. ; .■'.■■■■
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton,' $8- Southfteld 'Wellington,- $7 &0; Seattlf,
J6 ; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsenl, $7 f.O ;
Cumberland, $10 25 &i bulk sni Sll 50 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14: Cannel. $10
per ; ton: Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $9; Coke $12 per ton in ; bulk and
$14 in sacks. ■ ■ : ' . --■
LINSEED OIL— higher at 56c per gallon in
barrels for raw and 68c I for I boiled. Cases, 60
more. •• .... ■ ■ ..-;' : ■ :r,J : ;.;;■
LUCOL— Is higher at 48c for raw and 50c per
gallon for boiled In barrels. .Cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— Is higher ■ again at $37 50<3>
88 50 per flask for export and $42 for local use.
SUGAR— Western . Sugar ; Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: • Cube, Crushed
and Fine - Crushed ; 7c; Powdered. - 6%0; -- Dry
Granulated, h%c; Co-fectionerB 1 IA, 6T4c: Mag
| nolia A, 5%c: Extra C,--s»fcc; Golden C, s>4c;
Candy Granulated, 8c: . California A, > 5%c ; per
lb ; ; half ; barrels %o more • than ' barrels, ■ and
boxes %c more. '■' •■■ : --■■ :'- '■■■ ..,
SAN FRANCISCO : MEAT , M-.iKET. .
, There la no further change to report. : ..-.,-"
r Wholesale '< rates for dressed * stocjs , from
. ; ' ■' ... .. . ;'■• ■ **■ ■ ■ ■ *'
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c: second quality,
5%c; third quality, 4@sc per
VEAL— Large, <O6e; small. s@6c per IT).
MUTTON— Wethers, B!&>SH>e; L.wes, 8c per It).
LAMB— Spring: WOo ncr lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, S9iff3v4c for large; 4<f4Ue
1 for medium, and 3%(53%c for small; stock
I Hogs, 2@3c; dressed Hogs, 5%@6%c.
RECEIPTS Ot PRODUCB.
For Thursday, May 19.
Flour, qr sks 7,310 Wool, bales 65
I Wheat, ctls 1.559 Potatoes, sks 95S
Barley, ctls 7,607 Onions, sks 994
Oats, ctls 2.12S Eggs, doz 14.580
Butter, ctls 301 Hay. tons 116
Cheese, ctls 261 Wine, gals 64,300
Corn, ctls 25 Leather, rolls ... 49
Rye. ctls 420 Hides, No 406
Beans, sks 574 Lime, bbls 120
Bran, sks 544 Lumber, ft 20.000
Middlings, sks .. 250 [Pelts, bdls 2.720
Shorts, sks 407 ' Quicksilver, fisks 43
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 5,152 1 Oats, ctls 2.400
Wheat, ctls 11.250 1 Middlings, sks .. -15
i Hay. tons 30 1 Potatoes, sks ... 4,07 V
I Bran, sks 4,344 '0ni0n5, sks 64
I Shorts, sks 3.507 ! Wool, bales 64
Barley, ctls 5.671!
EASTERN.
I Corn, ctls 1.600
UTAH.
I Hay, tons 501
THE STOCK MARKET.
, I
There was no change worthy of note In min
ing stocks.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 50c per
share, payable June 1.
The Alaska-Treadwell Gold Mining Company
reports for the month of April, 1898, 20,114 tons
•of ore crushed; 375 tons of sulphurets were
saved and treated. The bullion saved was
$38,501, of which $13,667 came from the sul
phurets. The average return wae $1 89 per ton
crushed. The expenses are not reported. The
company paid the usual quarterly dividend or
37% c per share, or 1% per cent, in April.
The Sterling, Goleta and Montecito mines of
Jordan District. Mono County, are under one
management and the following directors have
been elected for each company: Stephen Rob
erts, O. V. Walker, W. R. Smedberg. George
R. Williams and R. Hawxhurst. Stephen Rob
erts has been, elected president, O. V. Walker
I vice-president and D. M. . Kent secretary. All
three companies have levied assessments as fol
lows: Sterling 15c, Goleta 10c and Montecjto
10c per share, all delinquent in office June 25.
STOCK AND"I3bNfr~EXCHANQE,
THURSDAY, May 19—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
V 8 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 47% 48%
4s quar c0up. .108% — &c Gas Imp.. 85 —
4s quar reg... 108*4109 Pac LCo 50 —
4s quar new ..121% — SF G & E.... 86 —
Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3>i —
Cal-st Cab 55.114%115% Stock Gas 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 99 100 Firem's Fund. —
Dup-st ex c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
i E L & P 6s. .126% — Anglo-Ca 1 .... — 64
F&CI Ry 65. 112% — Bank of Cal ..244 245
' Geary-st R ss. — 98 Cal S D&T. 94 96%
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....202% —
; L A LCo 6s. — 100 I-nn P & A.... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
' Market-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat . 8....152%160
Do Ist M 55..112%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 87% Ger S & L.. — 1650
NCNg Ry 7s. 103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 107 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 5s .100V4 — S F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 65.100H — 3& L 50.... — 100
NP C ss. 100 — * Security SB. 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 955 —
Do 2d Is 05. .107 108% Street Railroad —
Om Ry 6s i:3%123*4 California ....108 100%
P & 66s 110 — Geary 40 —
P&CI Ry 65.. 107 — Market-st .. .. 61% —
Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 7 10
Reno WL&L..IOO - Powder—
SacElec Ry 55. 100 — California ....115 150
ISF &N P 55.106%107 E Dynamite... 85 —
! SierraßCal 65.101i4102 Giant Con Co. 43?; 44%
>SPof Ar 65. .103 \nv, Vigorit 3 314
: S P Cal 8*... — 113 Miscellaneous—
I SPC Is eg 55.. — 96 Al Pac Assn.. 92 93^,
S P Br 6s 109 — Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... 116% — Hana P C 0... 10 11%
S V Wat 4s .102% 103 H C & S Co.. 18% 19
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 49 49%
Water Stocks— Mer £)x Assn. «>0 —
I Contra Costa.. 55 60 Nat Yin C 0... — : 7
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 49% 51
I Spring Valley.loo%lol Pac A F L... ly. —
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C 0. ...101 102
i Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 1 —
Mutual El Co. 1. 12
Morning Session. ;.*.■'. *f
I $1000 Contra Costa Water 80nd5........ 99 50
220 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 19 50
i 20 Hutchinson S P Co 49 12%
15 Oakland Gas .47 50
5 do do 47 75
j 10 Pacific Gas Imp C 0..: ". 85 00
! 40 Spring Valley Water 100 50
$2000 Sierra Railway of Cal 6s bonds. 102 00
Afternoon Session.
5 Contra Costa Water .. 55 00
20 Hutchinson S P C 0............;... 49 00
; 150 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 19 50
I 70 do do 19 25
475 do do : 19 00
I 70 .do do ... 18 57%
5 do do bio 19 00
10 Market-st. Railway 5137%
60 Vigorit Powder ......' 3 12%
Street— "; r ■
$8000 Park and Cliff House 6s bonds.. 107 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co, s 10.. 18 00
! Street—
$1000 Market-street Ry Co 65.. ............113 75
Afternoon Session. .
1 155 Hawaiian C and S Co 19 60
10 do do 19 37
1 10 do do 810 19 37%
10 do do 8 10 19 25 I
' 50 Oceanic S S Co 50 00
Street- :',.-,;;• r ',
65 Hutchinson S P C 0 ........ ............. 49 12%
60 Hawaiian C and S Co 19 37%
25 do • do 19 12% I
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales', In' the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: • •.:.**■*?
.• Morning Session.
600 Bullion 05 ! 600 Overman 07
200 Chollar 17 , 100 Potosl 18
10 Con Cal & Va.. 50 100 Sierra Nevada... 53
200 Gould & Curry.. 18 ;
Afternoon Session.
100 Alta 14 200 Mexican 20
100 Andes OS 200 Ophir 35 i
50 Best & Belcher.. 23 100 Overman 07
200 Chollar 18 100 Potosl ........;.V 19
200 ...... 17 100 Savage 11
200 Con Cal & Va.. 56 250 Sierra Nevada .62 1
200 Hale & Norcrss 75 300 Yellow Jacket... 21
Followinr were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alta 14 200Ophlr 37
300 Andes OS 200 ......;...... 33
SOO Belcher OS 1000 Potosl 19
400 Best & Belcher. 27 600 Savage 12 |
1100 Chollar IS 200 Sierra Nevada.. 54
800 Con Cal & Va... 551200 .......... 55
450 Hale & Norcrss. 80 300 ...... 57
100 Justice 08 600 Union Con ...... M
600 ...... 09 200 ... 10 1
600 Mexican 19 1000 Utah 06
300 20
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta • 14 [ 200 Occidental 90 1
500 Belcher 07 1200 Ophir 36
100 Best & Belcher. 29 600 -.••••-- •-••• 36
200 Caledonia 15 400 Potosi 19
200 Chollar 18 »no Savage .......... 10
200 „ 17 200 Sierra Nevada.. 5o
150 Confidence 40 200.... 53
600 Crown Point .... 07 100... 52
100 Gould & Curry.. 21 200 .................. 49
roo Tmtlce 10 300 Union Con 10
900 Mexican .... ." .. 19 200 Tellow Jacket... 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 19—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask. |
Alnha 02 03 Julia — 02 j
*fa ••• « 15 Justice 09 10
Andes'" . OR 09 Kentuck — 01
Beaton Ooi ... 06 08 Lady Wash .... - 02
Relcher 07 09 Mexican IS 19
Best & Belcher 26 27 Occidental .... 90 100
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 34 35
Caledonia 13 IS Overman 07 08
Chollar 17 18 Potosi 18 19
Challenge 07 09 Savage 10 11
Con Cal & Va.. 52 53 Seg Belcher ... 05 Ofi
Confidence 40 44 Scorpion ...... — 02
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 49 oO
I Crown Point .. 07 OS Silver Hill .... - 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate — 04
Eureka — 20 Standard —150
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 08 09
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 05 OK
Hale & Norcrss 75 77 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
. ♦ ■
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS, j
James W. Cudworth to Emma H. Rosenberg
(wife of G. A. Rosenberg), lot on M line of I
Green street, 150 W of Buchanan, W 25 by N
137:6; gift.
Same to Johanna Cudworth, lot on N line of
Union street, 24:8 B of Fillmore. E 37:6, N 87:6,
W 62:6, S 30. E 24:8.. S 57:6; gift.
William Giesler to Mary Gissler, lot on E line
of Baker street, 179 S of Greenwich, S 24 by E
100; gift.
Elizabeth Rose to George Rose, lot on N line
of Fell street, 31:3 W of Lyon, W 50 by N 100;
also lot on SE corner of Washington and De
vlsadero streets. S 27:5>4 by E 110 (quit-claim
deed); $6000.
Thomas W. and Emma Butcher to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on SE cor
ner of Waller and Cole streets. S 33:9 by E 95;
$10.
Nathan Goldtree to R. D. Fergusson. lot on
N line of Elizabeth street, 106 E of Castro, E
75 by N 114; $10.
Estate of James H. Lucas (by Henry W.
Bchwerln, administrator) to Valentine Kehr
leln lot on N line of Vandewater street, 114:7
E of Mason, E 22:6 by N 60; $30.
John. Walter, Kathe and Sarah Creber,
Agnes and J. Marshall, Ann and Valentine
Kehrlein to Louis Malo, lot on N line of Van
dewater street. 114:7 E of Mason, E 22:11 by N
60; $10.
James L. and Lulu B. Wilson to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on N line
of California 3treet, 82:6 E of Twenty-fourth
avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Aloys Breltenbach to Ben E. Meredith, re
record 1524 d. 142, lot on SW corner at CSeiaan^
street and Ninth avenue, W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz ' to Walter D. Mc-
Hardie, lot on E line of • Nineteenth avenue,
100 N of J street, N 25 by E 120: $10.
Clarence T.Maguire .to American Surety
Company of New * York, lot IS3, Holliday Map
' A. being on W line of Moultrle street, S of
! Crescent; $10. to I. S. Belcher and John
George H. Mastick to I. S. Belcher and John
; H Jewett (trustees University of Vermont),
i lots 24 to 30. block 179, ON. and H. Tract; $5.
John W. and Annie L. Wright to Sarah
Moean (wife of Joseph R.). lot on SE corner
of France and Lisbon streets, E 100 by S 20,
block 25, Excelsior Homestead ; $10. . _
Josiah G. and Charles H. Johnson (J. G.
I Johnson* Son. insolvents, by Henry Mohr, as
1 signee), to M. A. Meier (widow), lot on SE
• corner of Sixth avenue and L street. E 50 by
; S 100 block 121, Central Park Homestead; $1000.
I Seymour W. Stedman to Pajaro 'Valley Bank,
lots 133 to 13« and 143, Silver Terrace Home
stead; also all Interest In estate of Charles
; Stedman ; also property in outside counties,
'■■ deed and assignment valuable consideration,
$ • Alameda County.
Alameda County.
H., Annie, S. 8., Esther. I. 8.. Gertrude L.
and Minnie Goldberg, Hattie and H. Callner
to Leon B. Goldberg, lot on E corner of Nine
i teenth avenue and East Twenty-seventh street,
SE 250 by NE 140, block 92, Northern Addition
to Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10.
Mary I. Donovan to Charles Armstrong, lots
11 and 12. block 2110, Alden Tract, at Temescal
subject to a mortgage for $400, Oakland Annex:
$IJohann1 Johann H." or John- H. Kirehheirner and
Hermann Haar (by commissioner) to Hermann
Haar. lot on W line of Broadway, 63 N of
1 Durant street. N 30 by WMIS. block B, Foun
tain Place. Oakland;. $6500- - to Victor N.
George and Catherine Sullivan to ■Victor N.
! Clough (by commissioner) to Oakland Bank of
! Savings, lot on S line of Elm street. 164 E ol
! San Pablo avenue. E 47 by S 100, block Q. Kel-
Se X, e T SVr Oa seX d ;a s nTMa^ ; W. Martin to
: Charles W. BB OO f Oak st^?, line of Centra^ aye
! nue. 250 W of Oak street, U 30:8 by S 140
I block C, lands adjacent to Encinal, except 10
i feet taken for widening Central avenue, Ala
! meda; $10. .
Builders' Contracts.
Herrr J Ferber (owner) with Phllipp
sSt (contractor and architect), all work
for a one-story cottage on S line of Eighteenth
street 200 W of Chuch, W 25 by S 114, $1650.
James M. Allen (owner) with Carl Griese
i (contractor); architect. William F. Smith, con
crete work for a two-story attic and basement
i residence on N corner of _ Washington and
Walnut streets, W 78 by N 72:8%: $21. 0.
Same with Thomas H. Day & Sons (con
! tractors) architect, same; carpenter work for
Sa with James and William Shepard (con
; tractors) ; architect, same; plumbing work com
; plete for same on same: $1400.
: Archbishop P. W. Riordan (owner) with
Henry Munster (contractor); architect, none;
! all work for a three-story frame building
i (schoolhouse) with brick basement on Freelon
street between Fourth and Fifth, 50 by 65 and
W of St. Rose's Church; $7831. -■ ;.v
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
' Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
: maintained in San Francisco for the heneflt of
' mariners without regard to nationality and
I free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
! office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
; for comparison and reference, and the latest
! Information can always be obtained regarding
i lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
I of Interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Tele
| graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
| noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
1 published the same day by the afternoon pa
: pers and by the morning papers the following
; day. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant in Charge.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1898.
8 '
15
22
9
_9_
18
23
30
I 3
We
l
11
z
25
Th.
12
Fr.
«
IT
21
1
U
21
M
—
1 /CSi Full Moon.
— \D May 5.
_ <«-Last Quarter
:1 j<& May 12.
~ : ,-«v New Moon.
—j W May 20.
j Ik First. Quarter
I & May 28. .
Moon's Phases.
2B
27 !
I
: ======================================
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and , Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. M ''-.
' NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the j city front . (Mission-street . wharf) about
; twenty-five ' minutes later than at Fort Point; j
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAY— IB 34
Friday, May 20.
Bun rts*s 4:53
Sun Bets — 7:l*
Moon sets ........ Sundown
! | g M) . I Time [ t I Tlmo | P)M>t ) Time . 1 Feat
L W. H Wi 'L W IH W
21
23
i
s:'.ti! — ('.SI J2:461
6:04 I — o.n| 1:22
6:*o| — v.ft 2:0.l
7 IT -0.5: 2:5^
H W |L. W
O:2V S.I i 7:51
1:04 491 8:32
4.3 4:451
4.3 5:22
4.3 ii:ul
1.3 '■.*:.
!H Wl
— a.2 3::-:6
CO 4:14'
3.1! 1U:MI 58
tm II:** 5.M
34' 11:54 j 5.4
3.51 I
\L W
4 3 T:4> 3.5
4.4 8:U 3.S
24
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides i
i the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
i day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
; second time column gives the second tide of
i the day, the third time column the third tide,
i and the last or right hand column gives the j
last tide of the day, except when there are but j
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights i
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and then the number (riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the Inwer low waters.
STEAM*; X 3 TO ARRIVE}.
Starbuek J
Empire — • •
Morg-an City...
Willamette. ...
Bristol ..... i
Norm ForK
Arcata
Washtenaw
Pomona...
Colon .....':.. ::
Crescent City..
Chllkat ....
Oregon
City Puebia. . .
Burma ...... —
Peter Jebsem . .
Homer..... ; ...
Aliceßlancnard
y.ealandla ......
0r.zaba. ......'..
Coiumoia !
Santa Rosa —
Mackinaw.....'
Senator.. '. i
Walla Wa11a....
Coos Bay :....
State or Cat — I
Panama
Coos Bay-
Alaska —
Seattle
iCoraox
| mimDoldt
1 Coos 8ay.............
Tacoma. —
San Diego
Panama...
Crescent C1tv.....
Eel River
Portland .
Victoria & Pugret Sound . -
Nanaimo.;
Nanaimo .......
Newport..
Yaquina Bay
Honolulu
HumDolot
1 Portland _
| SanDiero....
Tacoma :....'...'.....
! Pug-st Sound....
! Victoria & Pu?et Sound..
| Newport ........ .; .
I Portland ......... .. ...
May 20
May 20
May 2 i
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 20
May 21
May 21
May 21
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 22
May 23
May 23
May 2 1
May 24
May 24
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 25
May 27
May 27
I May 23
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destinatioxl
Sails.
irizaba.. . I Humbolilt ....
tyToppka Pusret Sound..
oo« Hat . . Newport
matllla. . jVie ft Pgt Sno.
tate of Cal Portland
l MM* . . Coos Bay
leveland.. Pugret Sound..
'omona j San Dle«ro
hlifcat . . i Humboldt.. ..
lortn Pork ■ Humboldt . . .
irepon | Portland
lomar i Newport
'illamook. I Alaska
ity Puebla Vie &, P*t Sna
olumbia.. Portliina
snn Ros.i S.*vn Diero
M-iy 20. 10 am Pier »
May 21
May 21. 9 am Pier n
May 21. 10 am Pier a
May 2X. 10 am Pier 11
May 22. 10 am j Pier 11
May b2. 9am .Pier 2
May 23, n am! Pier 11
May 23. 2 pm Pier 13
May 24. 9am I Pier 2
May 24. 10 am I Pier 12
May 20. '.< am I Pier 11
Mar 26
May 2«, 10 am ! Pier 9
May 2r. 10 am! Pier 12
M.-iy 2T. 11 aw | Pier 11
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, May
V.<. 1888.
The time ball on Telegraph HIU was dropped '
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the '
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Or.?>nwich ;
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, U. S. N.. In rharge.
SHIPPING i I.\TULlJ<ii:>'Cli:.
ARRIVED.
* J,' - ; ' Thursday. May 19.
; Stmr. Bonlta, Nicolson, 96 hours , from San
Diego and ways ports.
". Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 13 hours from
Mendocino.' via Point Arena 10 hours.
-- Schr 'Webfoot, Donnelly. 6 days from Colum
bia River.: ■ .v
Schr . Del Norte, Jacobson, 6 days from
Sluslaw River. ■ .
• Schr Maxim, Olsen, 24 hours from Caspar.
Schr Newark, Beck, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, May 19.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo: R
Dunsmuir's ; Sons Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodan.
Perkins & Co. ' -iHrwniflaWaM'NifflWlß
• Stmr : State of * California, Green, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. '-•', • *• .-
Stmr; Maripopa, Hayward, Honolulu and
Sydney;" J D Spreckels & Bros Co. _ • -.
Bark Hesper, Sodergrren, Port Townsend;
Geo E Billings. _„ _ , _
' Bark Annie . Johnson, Matson, Hilo; J D
Spreckels - & Bros : Co. \,
SAILED.
. , Thursday. May 19.
: Stmr Samoa. Johnson, Eureka. ' „
I Stmr Coqullle River. Thompson. Fort Bragg.
; . Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Nanaimo.
• Stmr Greenwood, Carlson. . ;;.;' :
' Stmr Alliance. Hardwlck. Portland. :_ • ■:.
.:Stwr;6*aU»i P*cw»,^exanacr,;,: WQ PjgfQw ■JL
, Stmr Martposa. Hayward. Honolulu and \
Sydney. ; - "- ,^
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Br ship Port Logan. Pierce, Portland.
Bark Hesper, Sodergren, Port Townsend.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, Hllo.
Bark Alden Besse. Potter, Honolulu.
Schr J M Colman. Treanor, Unalaska.
Bchr Maria. E Smith, Smith, Grays Harbor
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostltn.
Schr Excelsior, Burmelster, Port Blakeley
'--■ Schr Marlon. Genereaux, Everett.
Schr Western Home. Nilsen, Coos Bay. t v
Schr Gem, Nelson, Coos Bay. f a
Schr S Danlelson. Hansen. \ JF
Schr Penelope. Delano. Kotzehue Sound
1 Schr. Mary Etta Nyman. Bowens Landlnr
Schr La Chilena, Matsen, Fort Ross
Schr Twilight. Larsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Gotama. Dedrick, Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 19, 10 p. Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles,.
CHARTERS.
The Reaper loads coal at Nanaimo for
Honolulu.
The Katie Flicklnger loads lumber on the
Sound for Sydney, 41? 3d; Paroo. lumber at
Chemainus for Melbourne: schr Queen. lu'mbe»
at Port Gamble for Honolulu. mMf
MISCELLANEOUS..
I LONDON. May 19-Br ship Crown of India.
from Newcastle NSW, for San Francisco pit
viously reported dismasted, has Keen towed Into
DOMESTIC PORTS
AS'^^n-ISsco 1^ 13 ~ Stmr ™ nt
Sa n°F^clsV-o: Sai *^'»-Stmr Arcata, for
TACOMA-Arrived May 19-Stmr City of
Seattle, from Alaska.
Sailed May 19-Br ship Cressington. for
Queenstown.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrived May 18-Schr
John F Miller, from Redondo. 19— Schr Glen,
hence May 5.
GRENWOOD— May 19— Str Whltes
boro. hence May 17.
ALBIOX-Arrlved Ma y 19— Stmr Cleone. he«
May 18.
PORT HA RFORD— Arrived May Schr Pio
neer, from Grays Harbor.
GRAYS HARBOR— May 19— Schr Roy
Somers, from Klawak; schr Enterprise, henca
May 6.
NEWPORT-Sailed May 19— Stmr AJcatraz.
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 19-Schr Salvator. for
Moss Landing.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 19-Schr Serena
Thayer. for Eureka.
COOS BAY-Barbound May 18-Stmr Arcata.
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 19-Schrl Etha
Zane, for Port Townsend.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 19— Schr k
Queen, hence May 5. m
A— Arrived May Schr Fanny Dv- *
tard. from Port Blakeley.
TATOOSH-Passed May 18— Austrian stmr
Burma, from Nanaimo for San Francisco; stmr
Ohio, hence May 16 for Seattle.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 19— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived May Stmr Ohio, he«
May 16; stmr Conemaugh, hence May IS; stmr
; Morgan City, from Copper River; stmr Del
Norte, from Tyoonak.
VENTURA— Arrived May Schr Monterey,
from Bowens Landing.
FOrEIGN PORTS..
HONGKONG — prior to May 18— Br
| stmr Olympia, from Oregon.
HAMBURG — May 17— Br ship Falk
landbank, for Santa Rosalia.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
If, Steamers leave Broadway
ggSi-^ wharf, San Francisco.
{P^Sjh. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
|sPf*2!»-jv May 1. 6, 11, 16, 21. 2G, 31, Juna
■KTftEflKa 5 transfer at Seattle.
HR'jHfll For Alaskan ports {from
' ftflfaffk^xrffi'i Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
S i^^^EEU May 18, June 6, 26, July 17.
August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
"™*land. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. May 1. 8.
11 16 21 26 31. June 5. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C I* Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2, 8. 14, 20. 26, June 1. and every »lxt»
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 20. 29.
June 2. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). U
a? m^ May 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27. 31, June 4.
1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. B^sdalena Bay, San Jose del ,
I Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa- »
I Ha and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. May 12. *
i June 10. and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chajngm
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
! an TICKET £ OFFICE-4 New Montgomery.
I • t G e 0 e a LrpiRKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt-..
uw 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC «I 2 First Class Includini Bert*
rAIIC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon May 6. 15. 24
Columbia May 9 18. 27
State of California.. May 12. 21. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
■-••<-.< E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and ~
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Southwark......May 25 1 Westernland June 1
•Chester ........May 2S I Kensington June &
PHILADELPHIA. QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgr'.an Flag.
Pennland May 21|Waesland Jun» 4
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
r Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantia
services of ■ the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for 'this service.
S S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle. June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle.
June 29. _;';,.
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on tha
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
PHBSXaHSB A The S.S. MARIPOSA,
PJCfllßir sails via Honolulu and
*8-** yaa ' 6 'Aucklai]d for Sydney
y ■■__ Thursday, May 19, at
Qfll3rTKrlin^ 2 S. ™" ZEALANDIA.
p)lwllll3!lil^ for HONOLULU only
/Km FfflMf*" Wednesday, June 1, 3
\U|]l£/UIICJ p. m . Special party
Line to COOLGARDlE^ustralia. and CAPB
T< 1 0 RECKELS'& BROS. CO.. Agents,
J. D. SPRbLJVt^ o.^ Mon tgomery street.
Freight of fice-327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre. -
r nmnany's Pier (new), 42 North
RU°e?*oot of Morton st. Travelers
?. this line avoid both transit by ■^*&24& a,
feSLSre and the discomfort of crossing
E v ng iinnnel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandra Egypt, via Paris, first-class. *l«0;
second-class, «16. ......... May 28. 10 a. m.
}"$ ROIIRGOGNE ...June 4. 10 a. m.
t"a Torn -VINE June 11. 10 a. m.
GASrOGNE.... ....June IS. 10 a. m.
LA 8RETAGNE........ ...... --June 25. 10 a. m.
irnr further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TI " No. 3* Bowling Green, New York.
j F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. .
"ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry. .
. Rates for Saloon . Passage— City of Rome. . $60;
other steamers, $50.
,- Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50; Furr.essia, $37 50;
other -steamers.'- $35. ;:
Steerage > Passage— Rome, $25 50; • ■ Furnessia.
$24 50; other steamers, . $23 50. .
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents. ?
Bowling Green, New York; or J. *j\- FUGAZI.
5 Montgomery. St.; or L. F. COCKROFT, 114
Montgomery ; St.; or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New
Montgomery ,st.v San Francisco, y ;
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. I ■*
: , Steamer "Monticello"' -.- -
Mon., Tues., * Wed.. , Thiir<». * and " Sat . '.;'.V.\
9:45 a. m., 3:15 d. m.* (8:30 p. m. ex.?Thurs.)
Fridays ?rr..ir.".;..'..'.".;;l p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .....•....'. .10:30 a. m. , and 8 p. m.
! Landing and Of Mission Doc>. flar *.
Tclephbnp, Red 22tt» >.HENRY CAGE
CANDIDATE
FOR GOVERNOR
Will Seek the Repub
lican Nomination.
BULLA'S FRIENDS OPPOSED.
MIGHT SPOIL THE LATTER'S
SENATORIAL FIGHT.
Gage Disputes Their Assertions and
Lectures Omce-Seekers on
Evils of Sectionalism
in Politics.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 19.— Henry T.
Oag-e will be a candidate for the Re
publican nomination for Governor.
Borne of the close friends of Senator
Robert N. Bulla, who wishes to be
United States Senator, claim that
Gape's candidacy will only have the ef
f defeating Bulla and that Gage
Bhould step back. Gage in an Inter
view upon the subject say?:
"The election of a Republican Gover
nor from the south, instead of injuring
the prospects of a senatorial candidate
from that locality, would, in my opin
ion, strengthen his candidacy. These
assertions, made from time to time,
that the north conceded to the south
certain things, are based upon a
hypothesis purely problematical. Ob
viously, the only persons who could
make such concessions are those (with
the exception of holdover Senators) to
be elected to both houses of the Legis
lature, and they have not as yet been
even nominated.
"Who, therefore, can say that the
members to be elected will vote for a
Senator from the south? Is it not,
therefore, a matter of wild speculation
to insist that the north has conceded
in advance the Senatorship or anything
else to the south? This must be deter
mined by a vote of the people and not
by political arrangements of individ
uals. If the Legislature should be Dem
ocratic, what would become of the al
leged concession to the Republican
party? The Legislature can be Demo
cratic and a Republican Governor
might still be elected, or vice versa.
Thus it is a manifest fallacy to say that
the north concedes us anything.
"If 1 should permit the use of my
name for the nomination for Governor
(and I have not determined so to do),
I do not see how that could by any
possibility injure the ambition of any
man from the south aspiring to the
United States Senate or to any other
position of trust and honor.
"For a great many years the north '
had not only both Senators, but also I
Governor. If it be true that the north
would, at the proper time, concede to :
us the Senatorship, why would it not
be reasonable for us to assume that
it would do for us what the south has
so often in the past yielded to the
north, namely,- the Senatorship and
Governorship, with other places as
well? But so far as this political
clamor about the north and south is
concerned, permit me to cay, for one, I
that 1 despise this spirit of sectional
ism. I dislike this verbal division of j
our magnificent State into north and
south, or east or west, by interested j
office-seekers. People of this great
State will know whom to select and j
where to select when the proper time !
comes. Nationally and locally there is |
now no north, no south."
VIOLENT TIRADES OF
THE PARISIAN PRESS.
Every Form of Insult Used in Its
Frantic Abuse of the United
States.
Copyrighted, IS3B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, May 19.— Patrie continues
this evening its violent campaign
against Americans. Every form of in
sult is used, and startling headlines
lead its readers to believe that a sort
of anarchy reigns in the United States.
An article -which is headed "Remem
ber" tries to excite public opinion by
declarine that in 1870 America con
gratulated Germany upon its victory
over France, as a triumph of civiliza
tion over barbarism.
Figaro has a peculiar passage, ex
tracted from rv>mte de Beust's book,
entitled "L.c Dernier dcs Napoleons,"
•which appeared in 1870. The author,
after blaming Europe for remaining a
simple spectator of France's oppres
sion in 1870, says: "Europe entire will
suddenly see the American eagle, after
having ravished the Queen of the An
tilles from Spain, begin to meddle with
her affairs and weigh down with re
doubtable heaviness upon the mon
archical destinies of little old Europe."
This prophecy, written twenty-six
years ago, which seems so likely to be
fulfilled, is attracting much attention
to-night.
SPAIN'S NEW MINISTERS
TAKE THEIR PORTFOLIOS
Will Present Themselves to the
Chambers To-Morrow — Castillo
Declines to Serve.
MADRID, May 19.— The new Cabinet
Ministers took their portfolios this
afternoon. The Cabinet will present it
self to the Chambers to-morrow, when
Senor Romero y Robledo will ask for a
Statement on the crisis.
PARIS. May 19.— Senor y Castillo, Span
ish Bmbassador to France, who has been
tendered the Foreign Office in the new
Cabinet of Senor Sagasta, has replied to
Senor Sa.gasta, declining to accept.
DETAINED BY A WRECK.
Third Battalion of Nebraska Volun
teers Held at Reno.
RENO, Nev., May 19.— The third bat
talion, companies M. F, X and B,
First Regiment Nebraska Volunteers,
329 men, under Major Mulford. were de
tained here all day by a wreck of this
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' Cold Cure cores colds In the head, colds on the
tangs, old colds, new colds and obstlnato colds, and
all forms of grip. Stops sneezing, discharges from
the nose aDa eyee, prevent* catarrh, diphtheria,
pneumonia, and all throat nnrt lung trouble*. These
pleasant little pellets are absolutely harmless, have
Euved thousands of lives end prevented much sick-
ness. Tho Munyon Remedy Company prepare ft
separate cure for each disease. At all druggists—
23 cents a vial. It yon need medical advice write
Prof. Munyon, ififlOAren Street, Philadelphia, It is
absolutely | , , ; . . .. /^\ ,;
morning's westbound passenger train
near Boca. Passenger train 4 is due
: with eight sections, containing the
: Thirteenth Infantry. United States
Regulars from Minnesota, The road
will be clear to-night and all trains will
move.
ALLOWED TO ANNOUNCE
NAVAL MOVEMENTS
Madrid Journals Give Information
That Should Be Taken With
a Little Salt.
MADRID. May in.— In spite of the veto
placed upon the publication of Spanish
naval movements, the newspapers hero
have been allowed to announce that Ad
miral Cnmnras' squadron, consisting of
the battle-chip Pelnyo, the first-class
cruiser C&rloa V, the auxiliary cruisers
Patriota and R&pldo (formerly the Ham
burg-American line Bteamers Columbia
cud Normannln), the cruiser ' Alfonso
XIII, the cruiser Antonio Lopez, three
torpedo-boat destroyers and the armed
yacht Giralda, will shortly snil from
Cadiz, while the reserve squadron, con
sisting of the Vittoria. Numanira. Le
panto and another vessel, will be organ
ized immediately.
SECURING COAL FOR
THE SPANISH FLEET
By Cable Senor Polo Is Enabled to
Arrange for a Supply at St.
Pierre de Miquelon.
NEW YORK. May Vj.—A special to tho
World from Montreal says: It Is learned
that Senor Polo. Spain's Minister to the
United States, has arranged by cable for
coal for tho Spanish fleet at St. Pierre de
Mitjuelon.
Movements of the Columbia.
NEW YORK, May 19.— The United
States cruiser Columbia passed in at
quarantine at 8:1G a. m. She anchored off
Tompkinsville.
COLLIER HAS QUIT.
The Special Department Land Agent
Was Mixed in His Reports.
Information from Washington leads the j
Federal officers to the conclusion that H. !
L. Collier, United States Examiner of
Surveys and Special Agent of the Interior
Department, has been dismissed from the
service. About four weeks ago he left
suddenly for the East to answer to
charges of misconduct In office and the I
fact that he has returned to his home In ;
Georgia is taken as evidence that he has
received his walking papers. Collier was
appointed under the second Cleveland ad- i
ministration, but he did not get along !
well with his superiors and was given an j
indefinite leave of absence. By promising i
to throw much light on alleged land
frauds in this State he was reinstated un- I
der the present administration. After ar- |
living here he sent to the department !
long reports of frauds in the matter of j
surveys.
This sadly hampered many transactions !
in the Land Office and prevented many of j
the surveyors who had done the work of i
getting their money for their services. I
Upon the appointment of Senator Qleavea
as Surveyor-General the matter was i
called to his attention and he made an
investigation, finding that Collier's re- i
ports were untrue. This information was j
sent to Washington. Collier, hearing that !
his conduct was under investigation, has- |
tened to Washington to fix up matters, j
and the information that he has returned
to his home leaves but one conclusion—
that he has been dismissed.
PARTNERS DISAGREE.
E. Trespaille and A. E. Hiett Quarrel
Over the Right of Possession.
Trespaille Twice Arrested.
I ;. Trespaille and his partner, A. B.
Hiett, saloonkeepers at 723 Howard street,
gave the police an interesting and lively
time yesterday. The former was arrested
on a charge of threats to kill, and on his
release was rearrested for disturbing the
peace. The trouble arose over a loan
of 1150, which the men got from Tres—
paille's father last February and which !
remained unpaid. Last Saturdays legal !
proceedings were instituted by the lender |
to recover the amount from the linn.
He had a Sheriff's officer placed in charge !
of the place. When Hiett went to the •
place he was ordered out by Trespaille, I
but stood his ground until forced to leave
at the point of a pistol. He returned
later, and a mutual agreement was
entered into which held good until yes- i
terday, when hostilities were resumed. '
Hiett was again forced out and on advice j
of his attorney, W. B. Daly, swore to a
warrant for threats to kill. Trespalllo j
was arrested, and on his release tried to |
eject H. P. Mannan, Hiett's representa- j
tive, from the saloon, when a scuffle
ensued. They made such a disturbance
that Officers T. P. Gibbons, T. C. Murphy
and J. J. O'Meara placed both men under
arrest.
. <» .
THOUGHT HIM A FARRIER.
A Daring Thief Enters a Stable and
Takes a Valuable Animal.
One of the coolest and most daring rob
beriefl to happen In this city in the pas£
I year was reported to the police last night
by Manager Elisha Stewart of the Santa
Clara Ranch Company.
He Informed them that a man entered
their stables at 337 Fifth street early yes
terday morning, nnd in the presence of a
half dozen employes coolly marched out
with a has- valued at RSO. His visit was
not questioned by the men, as it was
thought he was a blacksmith or some one
sent by those in authority.
The theft was not discovered until late
In the afternoon, when a painter named
Dassondell culled to get the horse, he
having purchased her the previous day.
Questioning developed the fact that the
man was about 5 feet 8 inches in height,
gray haired, and wore dark clothes. Chiel
Lees detailed two of his best men to trace
the daring thief.
ATTACHMENT SUITS.
Graves' Property Levied Upon — A
Grocer in Trouble.
An attachment Is out for the property
of If. E. Graves, who is being sued by Dr.
Beverly MacMonagle and Dr. Curtis
Kenyon for a $10,000 fee for attendance
upon Mrs. Graves. Some days ago the
doctors assigned their claim to M. S.
Hamilton, and he brought suit for the
amount, but fearing that the defendants
might leave the State, he had an attach
ment issued and this was levied yester
day.
The two grocery stores of Charles F.
Rehm & Co. have been attached on two
claim?, one preferred by W. P. Twainley
for $2000 and a second by E. O. O'Gara for
$ln2o. The stores are located on O'Farrell
and Mason streets and Buchanan and
Bush.
An attachment has bepn issued against
Ert TC. Hill for $T.OO on complaint of Addle
McDonnell, who holds Hill's note for $500.
Young Ladies Receive Diplomas.
The commencement exercises of the
i class of '98 of the Irving Institute were
I held last evening, and diplomas were
j awarded to the following thirteen young
1 lady graduates:
Academic department— Maud Madaline
! Carleton, Maude Marion Case. Ethel Ame
j Ha Clary, Aileen L,ollta Day, Gertrude
! Dmsiiia Featherstone, Mabel Elisabeth
! Gale, Mabel Henrietta Korts Emily Rode
| wald MncNeill, Mabel Jay Morris, Sadie
Irene Smith, Blanche Juliette Southack
! anu Mavbelle Stone.
Miss Jessie B. Lyon was the only grad
i uate of the pianoforte department, and
as a consequence received no end of ap
i plause and beautiful floral tributes.
Lawyers Come to Blows.
Clarence Gray and G. W. Rose, two
Police Court practitioners, became In
volved in a heated discussion over fra
ternal matters yesterday when Gray lost
his temper and tried to choke Rose. Al
though a cripple, Rose worsted his oppon
ent with some well planted punches and
then proceeded to administer his cane un
til Interrupted by bystanders. There
were no arrests.
Judge Sa-wyer to Lecture.
Judge Sawyer will lecture on "The Con-
Btltutlon of the United States of America"
at the Fourth Congregational Church,
Green street, near Stockton, on Friday
evening.
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
ON THE VERGE
OF REBELLION
Yangtse Kiang Coolies
In Ugly Mood.
DANGEROUS SECRET SOCIETY.
AIMS AT ANNIHILATION OF
FOREIGNERS.
Agitation Against European and
American Machinery Which Is
Closing Many Sources of
Employment.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., May 19.— Late Ori
ental papers received per Empress of
India state that there are many indica-
tions of rebellion in theYangtse Klang
Valley, owing to the unsettled Indus
trial conditions. The Kolao Hui, a for
midable anti-foreign secret society,
continues its agitations and to increase
In numbers. The real ruler of Yangtse
Valley is stated to be Cheng Chihtung,
Viceroy of Hunan and Hupeh, who ia
disgusted with the weakness of the
Peking Government and is winking at
the organization and prospective arm
ing of the Kolao Hui Society.
It is estimated that the complete
opening up of the Yangtse Kianig and
its tributaries to European and Ameri
can steamers will throw a million boat
men and coolies, now dependent upon
freighting, out of employment. These
boatmen work from sunrise to dark
for only their daily rice and a few
strings of iron cash, paid them at the
end of their round trip, occupying one
to three months. When steamers suc
ceed them they see they must starve.
All through the Yangtse Valley their
loud anti-foreign mutterings are heard.
This feeling is particularly strong
wherever foreign machinery has been
introduced. A cotton mill recently es
tablished above Shan Hal has thrown
many weavers out of work. Recently
pome of them attempted to blow up the
mill and partially wrecked It. Two
were convicted and sentenced to 500
lashes each and terms of Imprisonment.
The recent anti-missionary outbreak
at Chung King has engendered very
bad feeling among the natives there.
Forty missionaries there, many of
whom are American Methodists, are
believed to be in danger. The Metho
dist mission at Kiang Peh, in that lo
cality, has been threatened with de
struction.
MASONIC BENEFIT
A GREAT SUCCESS
MATINEE WILL ADD GREATLY
TO THE CHARITY.
An Excellent Performance Pleased
Those Who Attended Yesterday.
Best Talent in the City on
the Programme.
The benefit performance for the Ma
eons' Orphans' and Widows' Home, at
the Baldwin Theater, added many shin
ing gold pieces to the quickly filling cof
fers of that charity. All society was
there, at least all the ladies were there,
the men, as usual at mitanees, being con
spicuous by their absence. The ladies
this time, however, had the best of It,
for the sterner sex missed a real theat
rical treat by staying away.
The programme consisted of the third
act of "Trilby" by the California Theater
Stock Company, the first act of "A Secret
Warrant" by Robert Mantell and his
company, and Pilar Morin in the "Dres
den Shepherdess," followed by the stere
opticon views of the "Passion Play," com
pleted the programme. Schecl's orches
tra, during the intermissions, also served
to please the audience. The "foyer scene"
from "Trilby" was excellently rendered
by the company, Frederick Paulding as
Svengali and Bertha Morrison as Little
Billee making quite a hit.
Robert Mantell received two curtain
calls from the appreciative audience. Mr.
Mantell sotmt-d to pay more attention to
please the people yesterday than, if it is
possible, at his regular performances.
Pilar Morin in "The Dresden Shepherd
ess" ended the programme.
Mr. Friedlander stated after the re
ceipts had been counted that the amount
taken in at the box office reached over
$400, and when the outside tickets sold
were counted the total to be turned over
to charity would be something like $1000,
as the boose was very well filled.
This performance and the Red Cross
benefit will be the last performances at
the Baldwin, the total receipts of which
will be turned over to the charity. Here
after, according to an agreement signed
by all the managers in the United States,
benefits will only be allowed at the thea
ters on condition that 12'/ 2 per cent of the
gross receipts be turned over to the
actors' fund of New York City for the
infirm, aged and disabled actors and
actresses. Messrs. Friedlander, Gottlob
& Co. have signed this contract, and on
these conditions only can benefits be
given at their theaters.
NOW A QUESTION
OF JURISDICTION
ROBINSON SUIT BEFORE THE
COMMISSION.
Unconfirmed Rumor That Hunting
ton Has Left the City to
Avoid Giving Testi
mony.
The State Board of Railroad Commls-
Bloners listened yesterday to arguments
on the question of whether or not the
board has jurisdiction In the suit recently
Instituted by J. R. Robinson against the
Southern Pacific Company.
Attorney Philbrook opened the argu
ment on behalf of the plaintiff. He de
voted half an hour to an attempt to
convince the commission that he had
been sneered at by opposing counsel for
the purpose of poisoning the minds of
the Commissioners against himself and
the interests of his client. He appealed
to the commission, and asked that the
alleged acts be given their true worth.
Attorney Pillsbury, who appeared on be
half of the railroad company, disclaimed
any attempt to discredit the standing of
opposing counsel, and denied that he had
been guilty of the acts charged. He also
appealed to the Commissioners, and ob
tained from each the assurance that
they had not witnessed any discourteous
acts.
In reply to the argument of Philbrook,
Pillsbury set up the claim that the Rail
road Commisioners have no Jurisdiction
in the present suit, for the reason that
the statute provides that such suits must
be brought by the Attorney-General at
the request of the commission. He also
claimed that if It ware lawful for persons
to bring such suits in the manner m
which the present proceeding has been
Inaugurated it would then be possible to
keep Mr. Huntlngton In court for the bal
ance of his life at the will of every Tom,
Dick and Harry who had or Imagined he
had a grievance against the railroad
company. He claimed that Robinson
must show that he had been personally
injured before the Railroad Commission
would have jurisdiction te hear his com
plaint.
Attorney Montelth, who aJso appeared
for Robinson, suggested to the commls-
Blon that if Hunttngton were brought be
fore a court of justice every time he was
guilty of an infraction of the law the
term of his life would not be sufficiently
long to make it possible for him to an
swer all the complaints that could be
brought against him.
Huntington was not present at the
hearing, and this fact gave rise to the
rumor that he had left the State in order
to avoid appearing as a witness In the
event that the Commission decided to hear
the case. His attorney denied the truth
of the rumor, and asserted that his client
Would be on hand when he was needed.
When the arguments were concluded
the Commissioners announced that they
would render a decision this morning at
10 o'clock.
JUDGE CAMPBELL'S FU&ERAL.
It Will Take Place Sunday Afternoon
From the Masonic Temple.
Arrangements for the funeral of the late
Judge Campbell have been completed. It
wiil take place on Sunday afternoon at 1
o'clock, when services will be conducted
In King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Tem
ple Grand Master Carroll Cook of South
San Francisco L,odge No. 212, P. and A.
M will officiate. After the service th«
body will be taken to Cypresa Lawn Cem
etery for Interment.
At a special meeting M ednesday night
of the So-Moty of Old Friends, of which
the late Judge was president, resolutions
were passed deploring his death as a pub
lic calamity, nnd deciding to attend the
funeral in a body.
WELBURN IS MINING
FOR ALASKAN GOLD.
REVENUE AGENTS HAVE LO
CATED HIS WHEREABOUTS.
He Left Texas After His Second In
dictment and Instead of Going
to Mexico Went to the
Arctio.
It Is some months since O. M. Welburn
left California after his acquittal by a
Federal Jury of more than a score of
charges of withholding Government mon
ey, and since then hia whereabouts has
been involved in mystery- It is known
that ehortly after he left here he re
mained for a while in a town in Texas,
where he used to live before he came to
California, but after the United States
Grand Jury found a second indictment
against him he disappeared and the
United States Marshal could not find him.
A story was persistently circulated by
his friends that he had gone to the City
of Mexico and was living there under an
assumed name. This report for a time
threw the Government agents off the
track, and they censed actively pur»uiutf
the fugitive for the reason al-so that the
Government has made no provision Tor
the payment of the expenses of United
States "Marshals other than $2 per day
when engaged in the pursuit of criminals, j
This allowance being about one-seventh :
of the expense which would incurred for
railroad fare alone, has had a chilling
effect on the ardor of the officers of tho
law and the result has been that persons
wanted by the Federal authorities enjoy
much more immunity from capture and
punishment than criminals of almost any
other class. Notwithstanding the dis
couraging outlook, the special agents of
the Revenue Department have kept a
keen lookout for the whereabouts of the
ex-Collector, and their efforts have been
rewarded by the discovery that Welburn,
shortly after the second Indictment by
the United States Grand Jury, went to
Alaska, and is there now digging for gold
in the hope of retrieving his fallen for
tunes, and possibly with the idea that
should he make a rich strike he may bo
able to restore, if not all. at least a por
tion of the money alleged to have been
withheld from the Government and ef
fect a compromise through political in
fluence which may lead to the dismissal
of the charges against him. It is evident
that no United States Marshal or Reve
nue Agent will attempt to look for the
fugitive among the snows of Alaska at
an a'lowance of $2 per day for expenses,
and if the fugitive ex-Collector is thero
he will be undisturbed in his search for
gold.
DECORATION DAY PICNIC.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance Will
Take an Outing to San Jose.
The St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance Asso
ciation of California wili hold its twenty
fifth annual picnic and excursion on Deco
ration Day at Agricultural Park, San
Jose. The alliance is one of the oldest
Celtic organizations in California. Its
Immediate objects are the relief of needy
members, encouraging a spirit of brother
ly love among all Irishmen and the en
couragement of fraternal and charitable
acts among its members. At the picnic
tljere will be dancing and athletic games
for which handsome prizes will be given.
There will also be a great number of gatu
prizes distributed. The committee of ar
nnir'Tnents Is as follows:
J. 11. McGinney, chairman; Thomas F.
Alford. secretary; M. J. Gorman, W. J.
Byrne, P. Reily, Patrick F. Silk, William
Cronan, William Broderick, J. D. Condon.
John H. Finn, P. 11, Flyini. P. F. Dun
don, John J. Wall, GeorK* Fosbery, John
A. Leslie, Charles F. Daly, Dr. W. J.
Hawkins. James A. Moore, T. Fields,
Richard Barrett, William McCann. P. M.
Hare, J. C. Leonard, C. J. Carroll, John
E. Owens, James J. Bradley, D. Laydon.
Andrew Cassidy, D. Dinan, Mark M. Me
herin, Thomas Scary, William Hickey, ML
Kilday, Hugh F. Keon and James A.
Foley.
Yukon Trading Company.
Articles of incorpation were filed yes
terday creating the California Yukon
Trading Company and Walter R. Rldeout
William Roots Jr., W. H. Murray, C. J
King and E. C. Beavey are named as
directors; $17,000 is the capital stock of tho
company, of which $500 has been subscribed
by each of the parties named.
A Matrimonial Misfit.
Salome Wagner obtained a separation
through the divorce court yesterday from
David Wagner on the ground of deser
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' v, "
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.),
35 Years in the Alaska Trade.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
LE3ELANA"W,
Al 100 Lloyds. Capacity, 500 Passengers; 8000 Tons.
First Sailing = = JUNE 'sth.
* ' > DIRECT TO — -
DAWSON CITY
And ALL POINTS on Yukon River, Connecting at ST. MICHAEL
With Our Fleet of New River Boats. Now In Alaska.
Through ■■•■ai/OBS|^> OO First-Class
Tickets, — Only.
150 LBS. BAGGAGE FREE—NO LIMIT TO EXCESS.
' west Rates to Any Point on Route. - Freight for Dawson City, 10c a Pound.
Special Rates for Other Points on the River.
MERCHANDISE ORDERS. LETTERS OF CREDIT.
No Fee Charged to Passengers.
fir Vessels now leading for ST. MICHAEL, Boats, Machinery and
Freight taken at the Lowest Rates. Owning our own Warehouses, Wharf,
Lighters and Towboats. -\ ; : .. . . ■  . :
GENERAL PASSENGER AND FREIGHT OFFICES,
139 POST ST., S. F. . LIEBES BUILDING. >
CAPITALIST MILLER
POISONED BY GAS
HE WENT TO SLEEP WITH THI
LIGHT TURNED LOW.
Although the Windows Were Opened
the Deadly Fumes Took Effect
and Death Came Be.ore
Dawn.
William L.. Miller, a retired capitalist,
was found dead in his bed yesterday
morning at his residence, 1759 Butter
street.
He had retired at about 10 o'clock on
the evening before in his usual health and
spirits, and when breakfast time came he
was called and made no reply. Miss
Neale, a relative who resides in the house,
knocked at his room door, and receiving
no answer opened the door and found him
dead.
The room was filled with the Illuminat
ing gas, notwithstanding the fact that
both windows were open at the top about
six incheß.
The only gas burner in the room had
| been partly turned on. It had been the
habit of the deceased to leave the gas
burning low when he retired. The win
i dows being opposite each other caused a
draft when they were open, and it is be-
I lieved that a puff of wind blew out the
: flame and allowed the gas to escape into
I the room.
The deceased was fin years old and a
j native of Scotland, Some years ngo he
was employed in the Assessor's office, and
after that went into business, wh<>re he
realized a competence on which he re
tired.
He was a widower and leaves three
I sons, one of whom, William EL, was
i grand president of the Native Sons of the
! Golden 'West.
| POPULAR DOGS AND PONIES.
Large Crowds Still Fill the Exhibi
tion Tent to Watch Performance.
Norriß Bros.' dog and pony show at
Centra! Park seems to improve upon ac
quaintance. The performance given last
night was only one of the regular ap
pearances of the animals, but it was full
of good points and taking features. All
of the feats performed by the animals are
worthy of the closest attention, and the
way the pretty, high-stepping, graceful
ponies and their close friends and com
panions, the dogs, were applauded last
night showed that the large audience
was fully cognizant of the- labor and pa
tience required to bring the performers
up to the high state of docility and in- ,
teHigence exhibited.
The engagement here will end with
afternoon and evening performances Sun
day.
A Play for Charity.
Lawrence Barrett"? masterpiece "Fran
| cesca di Rimini," with all its beautiful j
j effects, costumes anrl scenery, will he pro !
; duced at the Bush-street Theater to
night for the benefit of the Little Sisters'
Infants' Shelter. This society is located
at 512 Minna street, and its object is to '
provide for the cnre and shelter of chil
dren whose parents are called from home
to their work. Like many otlie:- ehdi- j
lties, it frequently finds itself handi- i
capped for want of funds, and the man-
HBcnifcnt hopes that the entertainment to- :
night will provide sufficient to enable
them to broaden the ecope of their char
itable enterprise.
Suits Against Railroads.
I William E. Mortenson has commenced suit
; against the Market Street Railroad Com-
I pany for $25,000 damages for injuries sus
[ tamed by reason of the company's alleged
; carelesßness in starting the car from
I which he intended to alight on Folsom i
i and Tenth streets on January 29.
G. J. M. E. d'Aguin has filed a complaint
I with the County Clerk against the Califor
i nia Railroad Company for $3000 for in
juries alleged to have been received by a
: derrick falling on him at California and
I Hyde streets, while some cars were be
1 ing shifted from a truck to the carhouse
of the company.
A Drunken Mother.
Mrs. Sarah Dockrell, 22S Everett street,
was sent to the County Jail for three
month 3 by Judge Low yesterday on a
charge of cruelty to children. When ar
rested Monday she was lying drunk on
her door step and her three children were
on a bed undressed and crying from
hunger. All the provisions in the house
were a bag of salt and a few potatoes.
The children have been sent to Mount St
Joseph's Orphan Asylum.
New Doctors.
The graduating exercises of the Califor
■ nia Medical College (eclectic') were held
UiPt Wednesday evening In the large par
lors of the Maclean Hospital, 230 Douglas
street. After the ceremonies the manage
: ment gave a banquet to the college fac-
u lty and graduates. Degrees were con
i ferred upon W. M. Forster, John Hard
ing-Mason, G. E. Hall, G. D. Pratt, W. N.
Kennedy and A. Stuttaford.
Benefit of the Charter.
A mass meeting has been called for this
evenfng at the Turk Street Temple by the
San Francisco Trade and Labor Alliance
at which the new charter will be fully
discussed. The meeting will take the !
form of a debate on the question: "Is the j
new charter for the benefit of the citizens
of San Francisco?" Some of the ablest
speakers in the labor movement have been
secured and it is expected that some in
teresting points will be brought out.
On Trial for Forgery.
John Cratg was placed on trial In Judge
Wallace's court yesterday on a charge of
forgery. He forged the names of Irving
M. Scott and Thomas H. Thomson to a
check on the Crocker- Woolworth Bank
for $300 six years ago.
Charter Meeting.
The West Castro Street Improvement
Club will hold a charter meeting to-night
in Anderson's Hall, 708 Douglas street.
Prominent speakers have been secured to
address the meeting.
"No, Sir,
I do not care to turn my stomach
| into a laboratory for chemical experi-
ments. What you desire to sell me
may be all right, but, again, it may be
all wrong. I am taking no chances
. and I know what I am getting when I
buy
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
Please let me have that or nothing."
That is the sort of talk for a dealer
who is short-sighted enough to think he
serves his own interest by presenting an
obscure substitute for such a standard
article as Duffy's Pure Malt. For dys-
p epsia, indigestion and similar troubles,
as well as for preventing colds and
pneumonia, it has no equal.
/ *?&. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M*i&SffiSi *>•-•> lIK.4KSY ST. Established
£$*, |r r sX ■. ii: I*s4 fortlie treatment «l Private
,4/AJjR ■'fiX? 1 i'si-hS'-s, LostJ.fiiiihnorl. Uoblllty or
li^^gsjr^^ft il!>*-iifi i v.-earingoii bodyancimlnriatid
t^MjMSiZifitK j s ' ;: ' 1 i ' "-" ; '- ■*<•?.. TneUociorcnreswut'ii
; •sSS* >^Bw?^ '•"•(•••, fall. Try him. Churscs low
r»»aK?.-«asai<'"«-c>.irii»r.-ml<'»-;I. Callor-.vrite
| i>r. J. V. ».IM.I«X. JUcx 1037. 5 an ctoi-o,
j RAILROAD TRAVEL.
I SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
TUmrtm F«r». P«»t •# Market St.
•"— > i-l\A>iClisCd"TO £<i.\ itAi" A±.Lm.
WEEK DATS— 9:CO. 11.00 a. m.; li:».
*i*°,\ 6:10. 6:SO p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:61
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1.30. 8:3%
6:00, 6:20 p. m
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 13: U.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. (Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:Bs p. m.
6UNDAYS-S:l0, 9;40. nan a. m.; 1-40, »:i%
6:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schnetx-n Park
same schedule as above.
Leave • Arrive
San Franc In effect Ban Francisco.
— ' April 23. i
Week I Sun- 1893. Sun- I Weak
Days. ] days. Destination. days. | Days.
! 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. " 10:10 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 jjm;i):Uo pin Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! i:22 pro
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 an
ECealdaburs,
Lytton.
Geyservlll*.
8:30 pm 8:00 am! Cloverdale. f 7:85 pm 6.22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland andl 110:25 am
3:30 pm|8:00 amj Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am " ~ * £ 10:25 am
,8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm) - | | 6:23 pin
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am 8:41) am
I and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm] Glen Ellen, | 6:10 pmf 6:22 ptn !
7:80 am 13:00 ami Sebastopol. |10:40~am ldl2S am
8:30 pmI5:00 pm[ I 7:35 pm 6:22 pm i
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West '
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at <3ey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala for :
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. KelseyvlUe, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. « Lakeport and Bartlett i
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierley's, Bueknell's. Panhedrln Heights.
Hullville, Bo#nevUle, Crr's Hot Springs, Men-
doctno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market et.. Chronicle bids
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
[HE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897, trains will run as
follows: . ■■■■_■«- ■. v
South-bound. North-bovad.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Eta- Sunday cer ' i
Daily. Excep'd. tions. Excep'd. Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 8:46 pm 6:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pin
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Vlsalia 6:40 am 12:40 pm
Stopping at intermediate . points when re- '
quired. \
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C.' N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellin^s, Coultervllle, Yo-
semite, etc.; also with stage for Hornitos, i
Mariposa. etc. ; at Lankershim with stage to i
and from Madera.
— — I
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.) -
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1, i
1898:
Week Days — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. I '
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. d.. 1:2 and i
1:30 p. m. . £'• \ I
Round trip from Mill Valley, SI.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, m Market I
street. San Francisco.
Next time you make a voyage take a
Ripans Tabule after dinner for three or
four days before sailing, and continue the
practice on board ship till you get your sea
legs on. The chances are you'll not be
seasick at all, and if you are, the attack will;
not last over the third day,
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
SOIITIIKRA IMfIVJC fOJIMH*.
(PACIFIC SYSTJCM.)
frnlix lenfo iiikl »r« <li.« to nrrlve »«
KAK: riUN(HM!O.
(Main Ur^J^otoTMarket Street)
i leavs - From April 28, 1698. — arriv;
, •G:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *Si4sa
7:OOa Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:43 a
7:OOa M.ir;. .ivii ;•, OroTilleaud Kedding r2a
Woodland 5?f5l
TsOOa VaeavilleaiKlßurusey.... 8l«p
?:»Oa Martinez, Sannmnou.Vallejo. Napa,
<.'alisti>B» ami Santa Rosa 81138 1 1 3
S:OOa Atlantic Impress, Ogilen and Kitst.. 8«33P
NiSUa Nile*, .Sim - .lone, .Stockton. lone,
Sacramento. MiwysvUle, Chico,
Tt-h,.!ua ami illiuT <sl»i-
•S:3O.\ Peters. Miltmi, Oakdale (Jamestown
for Yoseniite)... •7:I8p
OiOOa New Orleans Mtpresa, Merced, Kres.
no, Bakersfl«l.l, Santa lUrlM»ra,\
;.(is Anii<-lf». Demli'K, Xl l ''"<>.
Ken- Orleans and Ea5t...... 654-tp
1O:OO\ Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7i45p
•l-.OOp Sacramento liiverSttMiner* "UtOOp
liooi- intsa, san Jose aud Way Stations.. # »:-4».\
Ban Jose, Ni'tes an>! Way Stations... t»:I3A
StOOp Livirni..ri', Meuduta, ilaufurd and
Viialia 4:15p
LJTertnore, San Jose, Kilos and Way
Stations |IO:1S\
Frfsno, Merced, Martinez, Valltjo.. 12:13p
4iUUi- Muni.,*/, Man Hanion, Val!.j..,
N«i'i», ('a!Uti>i;a, 111 Verano aud
NanU Kuan »iI»A
4iOOp Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland,
Knights I.iiiulim;. Maryavllle, Oro-
■■»/:• T |llo an.l Huciiu.ieiiti. IO:4»A
4:30p Ni'es, San Ju»o, Tracy and Stockton.. 7:13 i«
4iSop Stockton, Oakdale, Merced... ISiMr
4>:iOp Castle and Lodi 18:18*
4:3 Up Latbrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
(Raymond for Yoscmite), Fresno,
Viojive, Santa Barbara and \aj»
Angles Ti43a
f :!l«p Hantii IV Kontn. Atlimtlo Kipress
for M«.j:ivo »nd Ka.it 6t4.1p
C:O»i> Knr..|t«ini Mall, Ogilun and Kiut.... 0:45 a
•«:ttllp VaU-J. l»:|l»p
OtOOi- ll:,)><.irilH. N1|.(!.;n.l Han .line 7:43 a.
J7:oop Vallsjo, Fort Cotta and Way Sta-
tions 19:4-ir
8:01) p Oregon l'i|>roßS,Haci«i>ieiito, M:irys-
filte, Hfil.liiik. I'mtluiiil, l'liget
Siininl nn.l I'.imt Blia%
SAN JiKA.MMCO AMI lUVWAKDS I.UC\I..
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 ( 7:15 a
8:O«a nelroxe. Seminary Turk, l»Otl.>*
OtOOA .... , . „, . . . Ii»:I5\
10.0.U I ritrlibnri,-, Klmhiiml, |lil»J
it l:«)i» a | Kan I.ranilrn, Noulli San ISil-ir
:1 . . .°" M }?**& K.tudlllo, V*X&
i'aV6i»p > Lorenzo, Cherry • Mi43p
4i«Op . 13i4.->p
5:(»l«l- »»'• A:l.lp
Braop !lajtrartl». " = «"'••
7:<M»r *14."1p
»!O«P i Runs throngu to Nile*. ,H : ,!5 r
«:•>«»!■ I I From Niles I»:»Op
MII«ISf,J tfia;O«p
CO AM IMVInIO.N Oarrnvr «iaiii;e),
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
1~:45a Santa t'mz Kzcunioo, Hants Cms
s.i:ii IMncipal Way Stations |8i«8»
8:13 a Newark (Jeuttrville.San Jus«,Kßlton,
li jui'lur Creek, Santa Omz and Way
Stations B<3Ov
*2:13p Kevark. CenterTille. San Jose, New
Alraaden, Ft-lton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •IO:.1O*
4:15? .-.■.!. Jose, (il.-n wood & Way Stations 9:S«A
a4:!3r Uoulder Creek and Baota Cruz >»i»Ua
CREEK route FERRY.
,'romiUN CISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 : n0 I):oUa.m. {1:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:00 tS:QQ ♦6:00 p.m.
.'rem 015LASD— rotter BroidviT.— '6:00 8:00 2G:OOa.M.
U3:03 -1:03 12:03 *3:00 (4:00 -s:oor.ii.
COAST 111 VISION (ltroad (Uuge).
(Third .tnd Towusend Sta.)
*7:OOa Ha.it .ln.<>t! ami Way KUtioiia (New
Alinnilrii Wednesdays only) liSOp
;7::10a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
- Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove ai;d
Principal Way Stations t«:33j>
U:UOa ,San .fiiHu, Trra I'lii.ie, Hanta Cms,
Paotllo (<ro»r, l'aso nobles, B:iu
l.nis oliiai'o. (iuadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .•stnt.iiins 4»10r
UtilOA Sun .lose m id Way Stations *B:UttA
I!:3»A San J<«e ami Way Stations *Si33a\
*:t:4sr.Saii -Mate.i. llodwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, .Sim .lose, Giiroy,
Ilollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami I'ucllic (irove *10:33 a
":t::;oi- San.loceand Way Stations *»:i>Oa
•«:ir»i Kan Jose ami Principal Way Stations S:43\
•r«:«[«i> San Juse and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
BsSof S:in.l,. 9 eHii.i Principal Way Stations S:3U]>
«::t«L- San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:»0p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Hiiii'luYH mccpicii. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only,
I Snn>lars and .Mouitays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
iflllllllllJT CALIFORNIA
1 IA &•li S ta tvl *Pl Vt* I LIMITED.
•Mk TW^^m SAN FRANCISC3
llM^SaißßHj CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries flret-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palaca Drawing Room Sleepers. ."i
days to Chicago, 4% days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street, Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1620
Oakland office. Ills Broadway. Sacramento
office. Ml J street. San . Jose. 7 West Santa
Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• Via SaoMllto Perry.
From San Francisco, commencing Hay 1. 1892.
W. EX DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. »8:00 l
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; n:45, 3:20, 4:00. 6:16. •800.
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:80
p. m.
STJNDATa
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •BJooL ««-00l
. *10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. »1:45, «2 30 HIHL
6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
C:80 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
, 7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'aa.
1:20 p. m. Saturday* — Cazadero and way sta'na.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat, ex.)— Tomales ant)
way stations.
. 1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way ita'a.
910
THE TALENT
ON VELVET
The Bookies Hard Hiton
Nearly Every Race.
NERVOSO A BIG SURPRISE.
BUCKWA, HEAVILY BACKE:
BEAT MOBELLITO HANDILY.
Flandes Scored Brackets Again — The
Top-Heavy Favorite Shasta
Water Won in a
Drive.
The talent made life miserable for the
bookies at Oakland track yesterday. The ;
four favorites that won were strongly <
supported, and the two outsiders. Nervoso j
and The Fritter, that led out their fields, j
came in for considerable backing at the j
hands of the shrewd set. The track was ;
still heavy, but the horses ran true to j
form.
The curtain raiser was a mile selling
event, with a big field of fourteen going
to the post. Before the betting began St. j
Distaff was heralded as a good thing, and j
was played down to 11 to 5 favoritism. ,
The touted one ran a good race under
Piggotfs guidance, but was easily downed
by the 15 to 1 shot Nervoso, ridden by
Charley Maoklin. Rebekah, asoto 1 ,
chance", finished in the show.
H L Frank's Inverness colt Mallakwa
appeared to be the real thing for the four |
and a half furlong scramble for two-year-
Olds, and went over to the barrier a 2 to a
chance, played down from 7 to 10. head
ing all the way, the youngster was given
■ hard rub at the finish by the second
choice, Rev Hooker, winning all out by a \
length. Polka was a tiring third.
The Fretter made the two choices, Owy- i
hoe and Banewor. look cheap in the five j
furlong jaunt for members of the two
vear-old division. Clawson had the son i
of Brutus in front at the head of the .
stretch, and he won hands down from the
latter. Owyhee. the even money choice,
never looked a winner from the time the !
barrier was released.
For the mile nad a sixteenth event, de
cided under selling conditions. Mat
Btorn'o colt Morellito was installed an
even money chance, with Buckwa next in :
demand at 7 to 5. At post time the condi- ;
tions were just reversed, Buckwa i
issuing from the paddock a 4 to j
5 favorite. It was a procession. Buck- !
wa was allowed to cut out his own i
pace, and the big gelding galloped in win- ,
ncr, over two lengths ahead of Morellito. ;
Pan Marco took show honors without ef- j
fort.
In the seven furlong run. Flandes, with
Thorpe again In the saddle, made it three
straight. The big chestnut colt was an
overwhelming- favorite in the ring, and
leading from the time Ferguson released
the harrier, was ridden hard at the wire
to heat Mistleton a length. Los Prletos
appeared to better advantage in the dry
going, securing the show from Master
Mariner.
The Burns & Waterhouse entry. Shasta
Water, was made a prohibitive. 1 to 7
choice, and at the end Thorpe was com
pelled to ride hard to lead the outsider
Howard out a half a length.
TRACK NOTES.
McDonald, a promising boy In the saddle,
left for St. Louis last nirht. He will ride
for Hughey Jones, and ought to do well under
that honest pencller's guidance.
The game hangs on well to the last. Four
teen bookmakers swung their signs out at yes
terday's cut-in.
Sausallto. it would seem. Is not to enjoy a ;
monopoly of the poolroom business. Johnny
Humphrey and Glenn & Broyer will open up i
a room at Ocean View on Monday next.
Tommy I^tti-ldge, the well-known trainer, .
will shortly depart for Chicagro, where he will '•
again enter the employ of Bookmaker George ■
Rose.
Hughey Jones took the overland for St. Louis ;
last eveninp.
Py Holly has decided to drop off and try and
win a purse or two at his old home, Colorado
Springs, on the way to Denver.
To-morrow will be Contra Costa Tunnel day
at the Oakland track, and a large and varied j
programme will end up the racing season In j
a blaze of glory.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race — Four and a half furlongs: 2-year
olds; maidens.
lO<sß Santa F10ra.... 82] 1053 Horton 110
Magrno 107 1074 Racine Murphy ?2
.... Cozeno 99 1052 Bly 104
W33 St. Kristlne....lC3: 1074 Oraibee 99
1052 Stone L. 100: 1022 Cymona 100
1069 Martillo 95; 1068 Sir Urlan 99
10«3 fhlpr lf>2 1074 Chllcoot Pass... 92
1063 Purmlah 921
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track— 17Oth day of the
Winter Meeting, Thursday. May 19. 1898. Weather fine. Track
slow.
O/~|r| FIRST RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $800.
1038 Xervoso. 6 10717 2h 11 1 \Vt ... 13 IMacklln 1 12
1071 St Distaff. 4 107 4 4h 31 22 ... 24 Piggott 4 11-5
1064 Rebekah, 4 105 ! 2 6* 7* 5* ... 3 h 11. Powell 80 50
1049 Terra Archer. 5 107113 10 1 hV» BVi ... 4 1 Thorpe 4 10
1064 Mavy Blue. 6 107 8 11 h 6 2 6 1 ... 6H Bullrnan 8 12
1049 Florimel 4 105 j 1 3 3 4 3 4V4 ... 6 1 R. Narvaez... 3 3
1075 Don Gara, 5 UOI % lh 2H 3h ... 7 2 Stufflet 30 B0
1037 Olivia 6 10' v 6 8 h 12 7 1 ... 8 1 Ruiz 10 15
1064 Frank. James. 4 107 \ 3 9•* «H 9 1 ••• *2 Clawson 6 6
1064 Sandow 111, 4 107 10 13 11 11 ... 10 McCarthy .... BO 100
1032 Malplaquet, 4 108112 12 9 1 10 1 ... 11 Tubervllle .... 30 40
1062 Salisbury 11. 5 110:11 6h 10 H 12 ... 12 Miller 7 10
1050 Blue Bell, a M 5 5 7 % 18 13 ... 13 |Frawley 50 60
;reenleaf,_4 11l 14 14 14 14 14 [Glover 60 60
Time 1:45%- Winner, William Boots & Son's eh. g. by Imp. Brutus-Nerva. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
ruacKiin
Piggott
jl. Powell
'Thorpe
JBullman
R. Narvaez...
Stufflet
Ruiz
8 12
4 11-5
80 50
4 10
8 12
3 3
80 60
10 15
6 6
60 100
30 40
7 10
50 60
60 60
Clawson
McCarthy
Tubervllle
Miller
Frawley
Glover
| i"|O| SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
(1032) Maflakwa "we! 4 lh I*4 11 P'^ott 2-fi
1062 Rey Hooker 102 1 8 1 2 1 2! McMchols ... i
1063 Pnika 95 5 ... ... 6 4 5 4 3 8 Woods I
1034 Baby Kins 95 2 4 3 4 3 4 3 Clawson IB
K-52 Zaceatoso BS 3 2% 3 2 6 4 Miller 4C
10S1 Britomartls 92| 6 6 2 6 6 6 6 Ryan 20
.My J[>a r_ ?>> 7 7 7 7_ Ruiz 30
Time, :57. Winner, H. L. Frank's eh. c. by Imp. Inverness-Missoula. Good start,
first three driving.
PlggOtt
McNichols ...
Woods
Clawson
Miller
2-5
4
8
15
40
20
M
Ryan
JRulz
l^kOQ THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-oius ; purse, $350.
Index. Hone*. Weight. [St \£m. %m. Sti\ Fin. j Jocke;
1039 The Fretter Wl] 3
'1046) Banewor 103] 2
(103!') Owyhee 107 1
10r'7 Amoltoppf 98 4
1070 Leo Yf-rtner i)S 5
2 1
1 h
4 h
6
—13
1 h
2 1
5
4 h
3 h
1 1
3 4
2 H
4 8
6
1 4
2 M
8 3
4 10
6
Clawson
Woods
Piggott
W. Miller
3
7-5
M
60
40
jMcNlchols ...
Time. 1:04. Winner. William Boots & Son's eh. c. by imp. Brutus-Nerva, Good
Won easily. Second an<l third driving.
l/~iOQ FOT'RTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; Belling; three-year-olds and
I\J<3O» ward; purse, $400.
Index! Horses. Weight. |St. Std. »4m. Hm. \m. Stn Fin. I Jockeys. JOp.
1059 Buckwa, a..... 115 1 In; 11% .12 13 1 2V4 12% [Clawson .....
1041 Morelllto. 3 106 3 41 Sh 2h 21 2>i .2 4 |Ptggott ......
1012 San Marco, 5 112 2 2% 4 4 4h 32 34 83 Thorpe ......
1078 Lost Girl, 4 103 4 3% 2h 3h 510 4 3 4S> R. Narvaez..
1044 Masoero, 5 109 ! 6 6 53 5 3 4»£ ' 5 4 5 4 Powell ......
1042 Earl Cochran. 5 103J 5 6% 6 6 6 6 6 [Ruiz
Tim?, 1:50. Winner, E. W. Purser's b. g. by Buckra-We Wa. Good start.
den out. Second am! third driving. ..
Clawson
PlKgott
Thorpe
R. Narvaez...
Powell
.. 7-6
1
6
.. B0
.. 50
.. 20
Won
7-6
1
«
n
60
IB
Ruiz I
\C\GA FIFTH RACE — furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Hordes. Weight. St. Vim. >.im7~ *im. Str. Fin" I . Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(1055) Flandos ....'. HO 3'2h lh lh 11 1 m Thorpe 1 1
1058 Mlatletoa 11" « s',i •; 3 4 1 4 6 2h iClawson 6-2 3
1071 Los Prletos l"7 7 C ',4 . •'. 2 8 3 R2 3 3 Woods ........ 8 10
1063 Master Mariner ...107 4 44 42 2 123 4J5 Tuber\-ille .... 8 8
1072 El Mar .110 - 3h 3h 610 ,r., r . 10 5C McNlchols ... 8 20
1065 Lady Ashley 108 1 12 2h 5% r, 3 63 Ruiz 6 6
1071 Rose Maid 103 8 7h 710 710 710 720 Garlpran 50 100
825 Nora Richards ....MS 5 8 _8 8 $ 8 Frawley ;..... I 100 .100
Time. 1:30. Winner; James Garland & Co.'s eh. o. by Flambeau-Flam. Good start.
Won first three driving. •
14m.
',im.
1
6-2
8
8
8
6
50
100
jrjOCT SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. HoraM.
Weight.
Mm.
Mm.
Str.
Jockeys.
1040 Shasta Water, 4....1" 4
1061 Howard, a 11" •
1073 Major Cook, 6 101 j 2
1062 Barnato, 4 102 6
1032 Grandezla, 4 W 7
1075 Ricardo, a 1081 1
464 Rejected. 6.. 106[ 5
3 2- 3 h
• 4 h 5 3
1 Mi 13
SI 4 2
7 0 h
«%/, 7 ..
' 22 2 h
3 2
4 2
1 1
! 3
I*
6 2
3 3
- 4 3
V,;l 2 ■ '
. 2 »,4
5 4.
7
6 10
1 H |Thorp«
2 1 IPaget
3 5 jClawson
4 10 IGarigan
5 h lPowe.ll
620 ITubervllle ....
7 O'Nell
1-6
12
6
30
10
10
ISO
1-'
1!
II
10
.2'
1;
M
Time. 1:30>4. Winner. Burns & Water House'« b. m. by imp. Maxim-Tyranny. Good
■tart. Won first three driving.
Second race — One and an eighth miles; 4
year-olds and upward: selling.
857 Joe Terry 93 1062 The Dragon 93
1072 Charles A 93 1066 Sonlro 95
lOte Coda 88 1062 Tenacity 90
103'> Alvero 90 1037 Geo. Palmer 88
10SS Lost Girl 84 1072 Joe Mussle 8>
1080 Salisbury II S3
Third race — Half a mile; 2-year-olds.
870 Royal Fan 105 1 1070 Toluca 106
(1028) El M! do 108 1048 OJai 105
(1016)Excurslon 108! (1074)Magdalenes ....105
Sls Paniment 1001
Fourth race — One mile; selling; S-year-old»
and upward.
1069 Soscol 91 (1072) Red Glenn 105
10C7 Tom Smith 101 1000 Thelma 103
105P, San Y^naxio 1 i"XI 1(176 P. A. Finnigan.lo6
lf>7n Formella 83 1033 Morinel 101
(107S) Recreation 89 1084 Los Prletos 81
1068 Chaj.pio 101 1066 Olive 103
1063 Elsmore 94 1073 Polish 104
Fifth race— One and an eighth miles; 4-year
olrts and upward.
1077 Rapido 96' 1^66 Rev del Tierra. S9
]"23 Claudius 93 (1047)Argent:na 99
X"7 Fortuna SBt 1083 Masoero »«
1047 Whl of Fortune 97:
Sixth race— Seven-eighths of a mile; 3-year
olriti and upward; selling.
1065 R. Q. Ban 1001 1061 Mike Rice 97
117S Sea Spray 97 1079 Kitty 81ake.... 83
1073 Sport McAlllstrlOr. 1061 Lnrena II 95
floßr,)ShaPta Water.. 95 107S Peixotto 1"4
(ir.67)/.amar II 104 10S4 Master Mariner 8a
1065 Snn Mateo 105 1 1076 Tiny P 8n
1019 Bellicosn 100 (1079)Carblneer 88
1055 Imp. Missioner. 92
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Uliler, Martillo, St. Krtstlne.
Second race— Joe. Terry, The Dragon, Lost
Girl.
Third rare— Toluca, MR#dalenes, Excursion.
Fourth race— Recreation, Elsmore, San Ve
nado.
Fifth race— Rey del Tierra, Wheel of For
tune. Argentina.
Sixth race — Zamar, Belllcoso, San Mateo.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Winners at Louisville, New York and
St. Louis.
LOUISVILLE, May 19.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Opaque won,
Millstream second, High Jinks third.
Time, 1:15%;
Second race, four and a half furlongs,
selling— Chimura won, Jolly Rogues sec
ond, Peleus third. Time. :57Mi.
Third race, one mile, selling— OUle Dix
on won, Bromo second ABC third.
Time. 1:45 V
Fourth race, Kentucky Oaks, mile and
a sixteenth, stake $3000— Crocket, 112
(Hill), 5 to 1. won; Lennep, 112 (Martin),
4 to 5, second; Alleviate, 112 (Conley), 6 to
1 third. Time. 1:61%. Uarda and Mat
thews also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Don Orsino
won Cosmos second, The Star of Bethle
hem third. Time. 1:17%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Lady
Irene won, Laurel Leaf second, Motilla
third. Time. 1:17 V
NEW YORK, May 19.— Results at Mor
ris Park:
First race, six furlongs — Kenmore
Queen won, Tillo second, Oviatte third.
Time, 1:13.
Second race, four and a half furlongs,
selling— Cormorant won. Mr. Clay second.
Sir Flortan third. Time. :55.
Third race. Van Ness, six and a half
furlongs, selling— Sly Fox won, Mr. Bailey
second. Babira third. Time 1:20*4.
Fourth race. New Rochelle. seven fur
longs— Royal Stag won, Orland second.
Merry Prince third. Time. 1:28.
Fifth race, one mile— Rappahannock
won. Merlin second. Michael G third.
Time. 1:45. ._
Sixth race, mile and an eighth—war
renton won. Our Johnnie second, Manas
sas third. Time, 1:56%.
ST. LOriS. May 19.— Weather pleasant;
track slow. Results:
First race, for two-year-olds, four and
a half furlongs, selling— Sulphuric won,
Lee Bruno second, Tim third. Time, :56V
Second race, six furlongs, selling—Reu
ben Rowett won. Jock O'Sot second,
Mitchell third. Time, 1:15%.
Third race, handicap, five and a half
furlongs— Enchanter won, Our Chance
second, Lady Callahan third. Time,
1:07%.
Fourth race. Debutante stake, value
$1500, for two-year-old fillies, four and a
half furlongs— Miss Marion won. Iris sec
ond, Willy Howard third. Time. :56.
Fiftli race, one mile, selling— Basquil
won, Tony Honig second. Lady of the
West third. Time. 1:43.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Chang
won, Allone second, Siddubia third. Time,
1:15.
HE STRUCK HIS MOTHER.
J. Toomey Wanted to Enlist But Was
Sent to Jail.
J. Toomey 1b a young man 21 years of
ago and lived with his mother at 333 Har
riet street. He appeared yesterday before
Judge Joachlmsen to answer to a charge
of battery upon his mother, who was In
court with one of her eyes blackened by
a brutal blow from her son. Toomey
seemed to be on the repentant stool and
asked the Judge to let him off as he
wanted to Join the army and go to the
Philippines to fight the Spaniards.
"I will send you to jail for six months, "
retorted the Judge. "Any man who would
strike his mother would never make a
good soldier."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, FRIDAY, MAT 20, 1898.
NEW PITCHER
IS SHUT OUT
Kitson's Maiden Effort
for Pittsburg.
BROOKLYN SCORES BUT ONE.
GIANTS BADLY DEMOBALIZE
THE BBOWNS.
Beds Continue to Increase Their Per
centage — Senators Bat the
Orphans All Over the
Field.
Clubs- W. L. Pet.' Clubs- W. L Pet
Cincinnati .18 4 .808 Pittsbur* ..l2 14 .*H
Cleveland ..16 7 .090 Philadelphia 9 10 .4,3
Baltimore ..13 7 .65U Brooklyn ... 9 11 .400
Boston 15 10 .iWO St. Louis... 6 16 .2>l
New York:. H S .m LouisvU.e .. 7 19 -26^
Chicago ....11 11 .500 Washington 5 U .2"
LOUISVILLE, May 19.— Brook
' lyns narrowly escaped a shut-out to
day. A lucky triple by Tucker and an
infield bunt grave them their only run.
i Cunningham pitched a fine game. At
tendance 500. Score „„•'«.
R. rl. h*.
Louisville , *■ I \
Brooklyn • ••• 1 4 . *
Cunningham and Snyder; Kenn^dy
and Ryan. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
ST. LOUIS, May 19.— The Browns re
' turned home to-day and opened up by
I being defeated by New York by a
! score of 7 to 1. Attendance 2200. Score:
R. K. E.
i St. Louis J ,5 ™
1 New York .' ' _" , ,*
Batteries— Doheney and Warren: Daniels
• and Clements. Umpires— Swartwood and
Wood.
BALTIMORE, May 19.— Kitson made
, his initial bow in league company to-
I day and has a shut-out to his credit.
I Both teams fielded well' in spots. At
i tendance 1346. Score:
R. H- E
Baltimore 6 13 3
! Plttsburg 0 4 1
Batteries— and Bowerman; Hart and
| Schrlever. — Emslle and Andrews.
CINCINNATI, May Jake Beck
! ley won to-day's game by batting,
. driving in two runs and scoring three
i himself. Breitenstein retired after the
: fourth. Attendance 4800. Score:
R. 11. K.
Cincinnati 5 6 1
Boston -' 4 8 0,
Batteries— Breltenstein, Hawley and Poltz:
1 Nichols and Bergen. Umpires— and
1 OTay.
CHICAGO, May 19.— Senators
i batted Isbell off the rubber in the first
1 Inning on a gift, a wild pitch and two
| hits. The Orphans could do nothing
: with Mercer,' except in the seventh,
| when they bunched five hits. At
! tendance 1100. Score:
R. H. X
1 Chicago 6 11 1
| Washington 7 10 4
Batteries — Isbell, "Woods and Donahue: Mer
cer and Magulre. Umpires— Lynch and Con
nolly. ____^__^_^___
WING-SHOT TOURNAMENT.
The Big Missouri Event Is Opened at
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITT. Mo.. May 19— The big
: event of the Missouri State Shooting;
j Tournament was begun to-day, when six
! ty-flve marksmen entered the competition
i for the Kanas City Star cup, representing
I the wing-shot championship. When the
! day's work was ended but twenty of the
sixty-five men had finished, and of these
i only two — Sim Glover of Rochester, N.
' V.,"and J. B. Porter of Kansas City— had
j clean scores of twenty-five birds. A re
| markable feature of the day's shooting
I was the number of "cracks" who went
1 out of the race on misses of one to three
1 birds. These included Heikes, Gilbert,
Grimm, Fulford, Elliot, Fanning, Mc-
Murchy, Graham, Parmalee and Riley.
1 The event will be continued to-morrow.
In the mud-pie events to-day some not
1 able shooting was done by the squad of
• "Indians." embracing Gilbert, Grimm,
i Budd. Powers and Merrill, who broke 292
j out of a possible of .WO targets.
DOGS OF GREAT SPEED.
Greyhounds That Will Enter the
Slips at Ingleside Park.
Fifty-four well trained and high-class
greyhounds were entered last evening for
a meeting which will be held at Ingleslde
Coursing Park on Saturday and Sunday.
The draw resulted as follows:
All-age stake— J. Murnane's Valley Maid vs.
J. Byrne's Occidental; P. O'Donnel's Counter
feit vs. Deckelman & Penario's Pet Kirby:
Cronin & McDonald's ThornhlU vs. P. Brophy's
Ueniola Hoy: R. O'fihea's Native Son vs. J.
O'Donnell's San Mateo; J. Desimone's Shaun
Rhue vs. T. Oaffney's Sir John Arnold; D.
Hooper's* Tullarmore vs. Low & Thompson's
Victor: Larkey & Rocks' Liberty Bell vs. J.
Cox's Mission Tip; T. Brown's Black Prince 99
vs. J. Shea's Firenzi; T. Birmingham's AJax
vs. B. Dougherty' b Tesfle Fair; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan vs. Deckel man & Penario's Royal
Oak; J. J. Rowan's Tom BpII vs. W. Warren's
Othello; Lynch & Manor's Mystic Maid vs. J.
Byrne's Seminole; J. Murphy's Dempsey Lass
vs. J. O'Donnell'B Last Promise; Lowe &
Thompson's Prince of Fashion vs. T. Mc-
Hugh's Tic Tack Toe; J. Byrne's Nellie B vs.
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; J. Cox' 3 Port
Costa vb. J. Sheehan's Lady Jane; F. Moran'3
Van Kirk vs. D. Fnrd's Bonita; Peaceful Glen
kennel's Peaceful Glen vs. Ryan & Ryan's
Lanky Bob; J. Murnane's Flashlight vs. J.
Sheehan's Lass o'Oowrie; J. Quane'x Princess
Merle vs. Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal;
])p"k"lman & Penario's Glen Chloe vs. D.
Shannon's Swlnnerton: Larkey &. Rocks'
Myrtle vb. F. P. McCJulnn's Decorator: P.
Mack's Coralie vs. J. Dean's Oladlator; W.
Warren's St. Carlo vb. Peaceful Glen kennel's
Forest Queen; J. Dean's Connemara vs. Ryan
& Ryan's Montana; Lowe & Thompson's
Phoebe vs. C. Sullivan's Parnell; D. Hooper's
Bend Along vs. R. O'Bhea's Native Daughter;
F. McComb's Oleln vs. Low* & Thompson's
High Born Lady.
The prizes are as follows, $150. 175, two
$45 each, three $30 each, seven $20 eaoh and
fourteen $7 50 each.
A consolation stake will be run on Sun
day Immediately after the finish of the
open stake.
NEW SECRET AGENT
FROM WASHINGTON
CEMPOBABY AGENT SPBAQUE
BELIEVED FBOM OFFICE.
iB. S. Brown© Will Look Out
Spanish Spies and Other Male
factors Around San Fran
cisco Harbor.
■ ;■.;■♦ ■ ■
Early yesterday morning 1 a keen-eyed
young man entered the office of Secret
Service Agent Sprague and, after pre
senting his card, announced that he had
been sent hither by the Secretary of the
Treasury to relieve him of his office. His
credemtials were in proper form, and Mr.
Sprague turned over the office to him
without any further formality.
The newcomer iB R. S. Browne of
Washington, D. C. He has been in the
service of the Government for seven
years, and has made a brilliant record
for astuteness, having made many im
portant captures of counterfeiters and
shovers of the queer. The work cut out
for him in this city is of a more difficult
and responsible nature, for his especial
charge will be the espionage of Spanish
spies and other enemies of the Govern
ment.
The Government has been aware for
some time that the ex-Spanish Minister,
Polo de Bernabe, has taken up his abode
in Canada for the purpose of organizing
an attack by the Spanish fleet upon cities
on the Atlantic seaboard and for the fur
ther purpose of being in ready communi
cation with the army of spies which he
has scattered all over the ii T nited States.
The explosion at the Santa Cruz Pow
der Works is believed to have been a j
part of the plot, and it is understood that !
other plots are hatching on this coast to |
hamper the Government in its war '
against Spain and to furnish information j
to the Spanish Minister regarding the j
preparations made and being made for
carrying on the conflict. For these rea- ;
sons it has been felt prudent to send one ;
of the most expert of the secret service
men to this coast to thwart the plans of
the secret foes of the country.
Mr. Browne was disinclined to talk to
the reporters as to his mission. He did
not know, he said, whether his appoint
ment was to be temporary or perma- ;
nent. All that he would say was that i
these were stirring times and that there
were other things besides counterfeiters
to look after.
Mr. Sprague was ylad to be relieved.
He said his appointment was for ninety
days only, and that when the time ex
pired he wrote to the Secretary of the i
Treasury notifying him of the fact and :
requesting to be relieved. The Secretary
asked him to remain at his post a while >
longer, until some one from the East ;
should be sent hither.
NATIONAL UNION.
Membership Celebrates the Seven- !
teenth Anniversary of the Order.
Odd Fellows' Hall was profusely deco
rated with patriotic emblems last night, i
There were streamers of red, white and i
blue and American flags, large and smaM, \
in profusion, while at the rear of the
stage there was an enlarged emblem of
the National Union. The reason for this
display of the national colors was the
celebration by Yosemite, California. San
Francisco. Pacific, I nion, Golden Gate
and El Dorado councils of the seven
teenth anniversary of the founuing of the
National Union, a prominent fraternal
beneficiary order.
Fred H. Hasting, president of the San '
Francisco Cabinet, delivered an address |
of welcome and briefly explained the oh
jectfi of the order. The following was the
programme:
Piano duet, "Seguldella," Misses Mollie Me- ;
Manus and I,ydia Shalike; "When Corn la
Waving." California Quartet; harp solo, Fan- ,
tasla Elegiaque." Mine. Breitschuck-Mar
quardt; comic selections. W. J. Hynes; tenor :
solo "Love's Nocturne." Clarence T. Wendell;
recitation, "The Stnrm." Miss Kathye O'Con
nor; Boprano solo, "L.nve Me." Miss Grace Da- ,
vis: selections, Richard I. "Whelan; musical se
lections. Miss Nellie B. Waters: baritone solo, j
"Soldier's Song," C. L. Oase; recitation. "The
Spinning Wheel," Miss Myrtle Watkins: 'Blue
Eyes." California Quartet: Master Jack Rob
ertSOO and Miss Claire Fex, from the Tivoli.
Miss Davis, by request, rendered "The
Star Spangled Banner."
The affair was conducted under the di
rection of the executive committee, con
sisting of F. H. Hastings, F. B. Gibson,
N. R. Arter, T. A. Farlrss. J. W. Culbert,
J. J. Loggie, B. H. Hills and J. N. Bunt
ing. ______
ALL THE BUTCHERS
WILL BE THERE
SIX BANDS OF MTTSIC WILL
LEAD THE PARADE.
A Race With Butchertown Steers
Upon Which Will Be Mounted
the Best Cowboy Riders
Will Be a Feature.
Next "Wednesday will be a butchers'
holiday and no meat server who values
his reputation will serve meat even to his
mother-in-law on that day. The boys j
with the whiteaprons will celebrate their;
annual outing at Shell Mound Park. The j
start will be made in this city with a
monster procession, in which there will be \
six divisions, each of which Is to be j
headed by a. band. Oakland and Alameila
butchers will take part in the parade. ;
Butchertown will send a detachment of ;
rough-riding' vaqueros and another of
slaughter-house boys mounted on trained
steers. Sacramento and Stockton are to ,
have representation in the parade, while j
the butchers, wholesale and retail, the ;
cash boys, the drivers and the clerks will
all have places. There will also be sev- [
oral floats.
The programme of races Is as follows:
First race, trotting race, one mile — Open to all !
whe desire to enter: must be three starters or
more. First prise, tail; second prize, $25; third
prize, $10.
Second race, butcher?' psciner race -Owners to
drive; horses to be owned thirty days prior to .
day of race; must be three starters or more.
Ftrat prize, $50; second prize, $25: third prize,
$10.
Third race, free for all. running race, one '
m ile_Open to all who desire to enter. First
prtSC, $25; second prize, $10; third prize, $6.
Fourth race, butchers' trotting race— Owners
to drive; horses must be owned thirty days
prior to day of race: must be three j-tarters or
more. First prize, $50; second prize, $25; third
prize, $10.
Fifth race, butchers' running race, one mile, j
for members of the Board of Trade only—Own
en to ride. First prize, $20; second prize, $10; !
third prize. $.">.
Sixth race, free for all, pacing racr — Open to
all who desire to enter; must be three starters
or more. First prize, $50; second prize, $25;
third prize. $10.
Seventh race, steer running race, one-fourth
of a mile— Must be three starters or more. First
prize, $40; second prize, $25; third prize, $15.
Eighth race, butchers' special cart rac« —
Horses to be owned thirty days prior to the
day of the race; must be three starters or
more; horses must be hitched to light carts:
drivers must wear aprons and gowns; only
horses ÜBed In the delivery of meat to start,
and not horses that are used In buggies for
collecting, etc. First prize, $50; second prize,
$2. r ,; third prize. $10.
Ninth race, vaqueros' running race, one
fourth of a mile, for vaqueros only— Mexican
saddles to be used. First prize, $20; second
prize. $lft; third prize, $5.
Tenth race, the old horse race, one-fourth of
a mil*? — Go as you please: any kind of saddle
will do. The last horse passing the wire wins
first prize; the second la.«t horse, second prize;
third last horse, thinl prize; no owner allowed
to ride his own horse, but must have rider
to ride some one else's horse; all riders must
ride the horse for all they can dn: no balking
horse allowed in the race: cnmmlttee on race
track will place riders. First prize, $25; second
prize. $10- third prize, $5.
Eleventh race, vaqueros' running race, one
half mile— For vaqueros only; Mexican saddles
to be used. First prize, $20; second prize, $10;
third prize, $5.
Stabbed a Chinese.
Joseph Newell, a boy employed In Wil
son's meat market on Market street, waa
arrested yesterday morning by Detective
Wren and Policeman McNamara and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
assauit with a deadly weapon. He was
identified by Yee Ah Lin as the boy who
stabbed him on the arm at California and
Octavia streets Wednesday night.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A Forbes, wf, S Jose O J Stough, Sn Diego
C N Post. wf. Chlgo O R Davis, N T
Mian G Post. Chicago T Ping. I>nn
J H Post, Chicago P Walsh, Nevada
Mrs C A Hill, d, Chlg T Oncer. Los An*
W H Bowman, Cal G X Ride, wf, Los A
H E Shepard, Chgo J M Bosher, San Jose
W A Emeriok, Chgo A H Frost, wf, s.N V
Miss Loveland. Cal P Martin. Santa Cruz
E C Sharpe. Los Ang F R Wille, Sta Cruz
A L Burbank, S Jose J D Beadley, wf. Mod
Mrs C Hill, Sacto F E Forbes. Stanford
J Mathews. Sacto E L McNoble, Stkn
8 F Rose, U S N G F MoNoble, Stkn
J Donald, U S N G Lingo, Birds Ld*
C Gilroy, wf, Gllroy Mrs Gelght, Paso Rbs
F W Grelder, Cal Mrs Howard, Paso Rs
E R Ellis, Rubs H A Almy, Angles Cp
W J Cuthle, Portland E D ViKilsang, Henon
E J Russell, Oregon R <3 McCra<:ken. Stfd.
H W Mennates, Ptld H C Smith. Stanford
H E Pratt. Pasadena M X Mitchell, S Jose
A Ehlp. Chicago H Pennell, Sta Barb
W F Visroy, lowa E C Denis, Long Bch
E F O'Neal, Alaska L B Provlnes.wf.MtV
L F Lamping, Ptld J H Kelleman, Lo» A
J H Mlltzer, Tucson
PALACE HOTEL.
H M Landsbprßer, Cnl;W A Purdy, Chicago
A H Geffney & w, Cal ■ B Broden, Helena
B Conlisk, Stanford J Pomeroy Jr. Chicago
H Silver, Los Ang Mrs J J Stowell, N J
J A Falrchild. Ls Ang Miss M J Young. N J
J Wolfskin &w. Cal F Maytham, Stanford
Miss J Wolfskill. Cal C J Steedman. Angel«
F Kautorurtz. Oeminy H G Bond, Sta. Clara
W E Dunn, Los Ang A B Voorhles, Ohio
C F Scott. N V I Mrs A B Voorhles, O
S Sternberpr. NY M J We Let,', China
C F Richardson & w, 111 1 J Wilber, Boston
Massachusetts
BALDWIN HOTEL.
R B Carpenter. J^s Ang O I Gordon, Nev
O Simmons. Portland F A Dorn & w, Cal
E P Crowley, Portland A B No yes. Seattle
G Whiting. Portland E S Morine Aw, Cal
Miss Chapln. Portland R Lauxer, Stockton
J T Raymond & w.N V A C Ligrhthall, Denver
M E Halns, Oakland H H Harvey Chicago
W F V Roy & w.lowa J F Lynch. Fair Oaks
P C Tomas, Pomona L Kemmmg, Los Ang
L Morrißon. Chicago A J Haiin, Stockton
Miss F Roberts. Pa
NSW WESTERN' HOTEL.
T A Rlpperdan. Mcx J Farley, Madera
A Sola & w. Mexloo J Myers, San Jose
J P Woods.. Sa_cto W Varco & w, Mexico
A W Woodward, Cal W H O'Hara, Xowa
J C Ellis, Sa Barbara S O' Hara, lowa
H Virth, Boston G Schleigel, N W
C Brown. Seattle W Baxter, Armona
J C Wilson. Boeton G R Roberts, Cal
R Bradley, Maryßvtlle J H Odell, Salinas
Mrs F Davidson, Cal W Francis, San Ordo
Chaa Wataon, Sacto
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. J
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
I Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
i until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
' corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
', 621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
I 615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and ! Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
' CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. <Sr X- A
T., Masonic Temple. Post and Mont-Hrif*
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS 1 11 1
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; >V '
j Installation of officers; all f raters are cour-
I teously Invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection
No. I.— Regular meeting THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING, May 20, at 8 o'clock; /I '
D. 14. • AW
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. <ittsg
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. <ss^ti£to>.
O. F.— Officers and member? meet =sS?^_Rx=r
In Memorial Hall SATURDAY. : 3S>£_*s§r j
May 21, at 1 p. m., to attend -^//«v^
I funeral of Brother WILLIAM MILLER.
! iJ'-'-:~ C. E. POST. N. O.
! REGULAR meeting of the Cale- » «7 *.
donian Club THIS EVENING at 8 3ta &SA>2
o'clock. Scottish Hall. 11l Larkin '*_\!k¥>
8t V . „ JOHN REID, Chief. '*^%
JAMES H. DUNCAN, Secretary. : ' : r 7-
M "XT a Tribe No. 77~ " Im- .*-\
proved Order of Red Men.— Of fleers *?itni*>>-
and members are requested to at- iz_3s^-
tend the funeral of our late brother, JAMES
| A. CAMPBELL, on SUNDAY. May 22, at 1
I o clock p. m.; services at Masonic Temple; In- j
terment. Cypress Lawn Cemetery; members ,
of sister Tribes are respectfully Invited to at- i
jiyoVF^BUTgIR-, S. GRAHAM. Sachem. |
THUS. F. BUTLER, C. of R.
ANNUAL meeting— regular annual meet- I
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt I
Water Company will be held at 327 Market j
St.. San Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the
23d day of May, 1898, at the hour of 3 p. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the i
transaction of such other business as may j
come before the meeting. Tranfer books will '
close on Friday. May 13. IS9B. at 2 p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. . Sent to any address in the United I
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. J
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THEY are closing nut underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
PAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery st.. room 8; teh 5580.
MISS MAY'S geunlne electric treatment for
rheumatism. 109 Grant aye., room 4.
MISS WILLIAMS, 101& Grant aye.. cor. Geary,
room 15; vapor and cabinet baths.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1505
Market St., cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS L. Dean, 917 Market, parlors 11 and 12,
Turkish Baths and massage treatment.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans";
baths and massage. HIS Market St., rrn. 8.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15Vi Turk and HIS Market, rms. 15-16.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co.. 343 Third st. and 2SOS. 24th.
MRS. ALICE FAY. magnetic healer and vapor I
baths. 116 A Grant nve., room 17.
MME. d. -NSEN. lates^ galvanic battery and
cabinet bat'-n. . 116 Taylor st. '.•?'-
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary !>t.. room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned: massage baths. 122
Post St.. room 10. second floor front.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly i
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. .81 (fifty
cents per share) of the : Oceanic Steamship ;
Company will be payable at the office of the ;
company, 327 Market St., on and after j
Wednesday, I June 1, IS9S. i - Transfer books i
will close on Thursday, May 25, 1898, at 3 j
o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 55 (fifty i
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar :
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market st., on and
after Friday, May 20. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Saturday, May 14, 1898. at U
o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. ■ .
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
25 FIRST-CLASS waitresses and 20 chamber-
maids at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary
St.; phone Grant 185.
FRENCH mother and daughter, first-class
cook and second girl, desire place In coun-
try together. C. R. HANS.EN & CO., 104
Geary st. ; phone Grant 185.
NORWEGIAN housegirl wishes situation; good
, cook: $15; city or country; best reference.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl to assist In housework;
strong and willing: $8 to $10: best reference.
Apply MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN hnusegirl; good cook and laundress;
city or country: $20. MRS. NORTON. Swedish
and German Employment Bureau, 323 Sutter.
COOK, superior, first class, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter Bt. -
STRONG young woman, first-class cook, de-
sires situation In a Jewish family; 2 years
last place. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter (young
lady), neat, Industrious and competent, de-
sires employment: also I assistant bookkeeper,
experienced; salary. $7 per week; references
furnished. Address box 4640. Call.
WANTED— A position by an experienced Ger-
man girl in a bakery or for light housework;
city or country. Please call or address 1219
Kearny st., near Green, upper flat.
MIDDLE-AGED widow lady with a 6-year-old
daughter wishes place as housekeeper. Ap-
ply at 946 Harrison st.; no trlflers. - . .-
SWEDISH girl wishes a place to wait on table j
in a first-class private family; city or coun-
try; Is a first-class waitress. Address box |
4596. Call office.
AMERICAN woman (middle-aged) wishes
i situation to do light housework and cooking;
moderate , wages. Call for 2 days 245 Na-
toma st.
DANISH girl wishes to do cooking and general
housework in American family In. city; wages
$20. Address box 4844, Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman wants ;
situation as cook; willing to assist with i
-washing; city or country. Address 608 Jones
St., near Geary. .■-..-
WANTED — By respectable German woman,
situation to assist in light housework or take
care of sick person; $2 50 week or $8 month,
Box 4636. Call office.
WANTED — By a good reliable woman, cooking
or housework: city or country; good refer-
ence. - 769 Mission. ' . *
YOUNG German lady wishes position as com-
panion or nursery governess. Address box
4641, Call office.
NEAT Swedish girl wants to do housework
and cooking. Call at 613 Turk st.
WOMAN wants situation as manager of a
boarding-house: experienced cook; country
preferred. 319 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
: general housework; first-class cook; best of
references. Addres or call -"•"> Third, room 14.
WANTED — Situation as housekeeper by young
woman; is good cook; city or country. Ad- j
dress box 4639, Call Office. j
"WOMAN wants any kind of work, by day or !
•week; good laundress. Box- IS, Call branch
office. 106 Eleventh st. , • .
i WORKING housekeeper . would like a place in
respectable widower's family: good refer-
ence. Call or address Housekeeper, 77 Ninth.
POSITION by young lady; assistant bookkeeper,
cashier or saleslady; wishes steady place;
small pay at start; references. Box 4662. Call.
WANTED — By reliable woman, work by the
day; any kind, of housework; good laundress;
■ $1 a day and car fare. MRS. M., 1104 Mission.
SITUATION wanted— Lady with 3-year-old
daughter wants situation as ; housekeeper in
city. -- Box 4664, Call office.
YOUNG lady : understanding dressmaking de-
sires position ' with a dressmaker.' Address
3309 Twenty-first st. ■ ./. , ■..■..; ;
WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing and
cleaning. Apply at 1215 A Folsom st.
WOMAN In great need of. work, will do wash-
ing, house cleaning, plain sewing or any kind
of work ;by - the day. Apply ; Sisters of Holy
Family,; Hayes, near Polk. : - ;
POSITION -as ' saleslady; • best of reference;
■mall -alary. Box 4661, Call office. . .
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
SWEDISH~gIrI wishes to do general housework
in an American family. ' Call 545 Valencia st.
GERMAN woman wishes work in hotel or
restaurant; chamber work or cooking. MRS.
D., 220 Montgomery ave^
COMPETENT American cook and baker, would
do some fine washing, city or country; ranch
preferred; wages $12 to $15. 129 Third.
WANTED — Situation as traveling companion
by* a capable and pleasing young woman.
Address s!tt Thirty-fifth st., Oakland. Cal.
jj"fj>D_E-AGED woman wishes a situation In
city or country; good cook and laundress;
wishes work right away. 737 Howard st., r 14.
iIELf^BLE woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON. 1907 Harri-
son Et. •.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
HOTEL and restaurant help, all departments,
furnished on shortest notice by C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. ; Phone Grant ISS.
CH-NESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 1 . O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
YOUNG man (age 21) would like steady job as
dynamo-tender and electrician: 3 years prac-
tical experience in dynamo-room and ma-
chine-shop; wages $30 to $40 per month: refer-
ences given. Address 513 Nineteenth St.,
| Oakland. «'ai.
TEMPERATE young man wants position
; around private" place: understands gardening,
' driving, and is generally useful; wishes to at-
I tend school in evening. Box 4646. Call office.
I MIDDLE-AGED German; understands garden-
Ing care of horses: milk: long experience in
' raising poultry; private place preferred; best
I references. C." S., 631 Sacramento st.
' ACTIVE elderly man wants work around a
place; understands care horses; driving and
milking and garden; good references. Box
4643. Call office.
GARDENER, German, middle aged; practical
in all branches; good worker: wants perma-
nent situation In private family: milk if re-
quired; references. Box 4688. Call office.
YOUNG man desires employment as book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper; best of references. Box 4698.
Cnll office.
BARBER— Wanted, a permanent position In a
first-class shop by an Al Boston barber: no
college graduate. Address E. GRAHAM, 119
Ninth st.
YOUNG man would like to get some offices to
clean or buildings to take care of, or would go
out cleaning by the day. Address box 4638,
Call office.
YOUNG married man wishes work of any
kind: last employed as coachman; good gar-
dener. Address .1. S., 254 Shipley St.
STRONG boy of 21 wishes a position at any
kind of work In city or country: is willing
and steady; handy with tools. Box 46«3, Call.
YOUNG man 19 years of age would like a po_i-
tion; understands running elevator. Call or
address: 2436 Post st.
$2'i TO any one securing me a permanent posi-
tion in furniture business. Address box 4655,
Call office.
JAPANESE housecleaner wants few more en-
gagements to work by the day or week.
SAN'TARO, 502 Leaven worth st.
WANTED— By a steady, reliable man, situation
at any kind of employment; wages no object.
Address F. GREENFIELD, 220 Third st.,
room 31, or call between 2 and 5 p. m.
WANTED— Position by experienced hotel book-
keeper, gentleman; has held positions in lead-
Ing Eastern hotels. Box 4674, Call office.
E.\ PERT oypter opener wishes position. Ad-
dress 1607 California st.
ENGLISH gardener wishes gardening or me-
chanical work; pumping, steam or gas en-
gines.; good references; 3 years in last place.
Box 46fi9, Call office.
YOT'NG man with more Rblltty than luck de-
fires employment; excellent references. Ad-
dress C. X., branch office Call, 615 Larkin.
JAPANESE young boy wants a situation aa
school buy. P. TOM. 521 Jessie st.
GARPKNER and coachman wants position;
good horseman; careful driver; understands
i'lf-asure grounds, greenhouses, poultry, gas
engine, milking: good carpenter; city refer-
ences. G. C. box 4089, Call office.
STEADY, reliable and well recommended man
wishes position of any kind: holds license as
mate and pilot on steamer: can run small
steamer or gasoline boat. Address H., 7 Cali-
fornia aye.
TENOR soloist wishes church position; good
reader; state church and salary. H., box
4697, Call office.
COACHMAN and general man wants position;
thorough horseman; good driver: understands
gardening, farming and raising of poultry;
single; best references. Box 46C'6, Call office.
ACTIVE elderly man wants situation of some
kind; is a good plain cook; city or country.
Box 4632, Call office.
CHEF from Boston with 20 years' experience
and strictly temperate desires engagement
for the season In a first-class hotel or club;
if not satisfactory will charge nothing aa
trial. Address box 4676. Call office.
GOOD waichmaker and Jeweler, recently from
France, wishes a situation In a shop or
store. Address E. C. 614 Bush st.
SITUATION wanted by elderly man around
place; understands care <S{ horses; good
driver; can milk and do garden work; good
references. Address box 4610. Call office.
JAPANESE, clean faithful boy wants situa-
tion as schoolboy, to wait on table and do
general help in good place. GEO. YAMA,
201 6th st.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man good
cook; wife any kind of work; good refer-
ences. Address J. J.. room 45. Park Hotel,
cor. Park St. and Enclnal aye., Alameda.
MARKE" 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LAT'NDREPS. $25; cook. $25; housegirl, 2 In
family, $25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN housegirl. thre.» in family, no wash-
ing, $20. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
NTJRSKGnUU $15; young girl to assist. $10;
nursegirl. $10. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
HOUSBGIRL, Alameda. $20. see lady here;
conk, country, $30; Swedish housegirl, Ameri-
can family, $25; housegirl. no cooking, $12.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
2 SECOND girls. $20 each. MISS CULLEN.
82.". Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $20. MIBS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
Woman with a child aa working house-
keeper, Qft MISS (TI.LEX, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl. Aoburn. $20, no wash; U
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
Ot: 6 young girls, assist. $10. to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
HOUSEWORK girl, no cooking, no washing,
$12 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, delicacy store, $20, sleep home; laun-
dress. $25; waitress and seamstress. $36. MISS
CULLEN, 32i Sutter st.
NEAT second girl, $lF MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Eureka, $20^ MISS CUL-
LEN. ?.2b Sutter St.
REFINED G.-rman chambermaid, $t0; private
family. MISS CULI.KN, 32f. Sutter.
REFINED nurse; country; $16. MISS CUI-
LEN, 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS, Nevada, $25 and fare paid; walt-
ress. south. $20; waitress, country hotel. $20;
chambermaid and waitress for country resort.
$2<i. see party here ]<• a. m. ; fancy Ironer,
country hotel. $2". and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. IC4 Geary st.
GERMAN nursery governess who can teach
music, for country, $25: nursegirl. 1 child:
housegirl, $2T>; I housesrlrls, $20 to $25: 10 girls,
$20 to $25: 15 young girls to assist, $15. C. R.
HANBEN & CO., 104 Geary st
2 WAITRESPHS and sewing. $2",; 3 second girls]
$20; 2 nurse", $2i>; 2 Protestant cooks. $26;
German cook and second girl, same house,
$25 nnd $20: stewardess for restaurant. $6
week; 3 waitresses. $I. and $20; cook, board-
ing-house. $30. and girls for cooking and
housework in city an.l country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady of a good appearance as night
cashier nnd waitress: small restaurant; $7 a
week. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
RANCH cook. Santa Clara County. $20: girl
for chamberwork and waiting, plain country
hotel. $i:.; see party here. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TO-DAY, nursery governess, French required;
typewriter and office assistant. 313 Bush st.
OFFICE manager and cashier; forelady, laun-
dry, $40: linen-room woman, hotel experience.
313 Bush st.
LADY of cheerful disposition with good refer-
ences as invalid's companion. 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion: French maid; governess,
boy 5 years. 313 Bush st.
GOVERNESS speaking French; managing
housekeeper, doctor' b residence. 1023 Market.
10 GENERAL housegirls; cooks, waitresses
and chambermaids. 1023 Market st.
TWO cooks, $30; »econd girl, $20; 8 girls for
housework and assist. MRS. HIRD, 631 Lar-
kin.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework; sleep
home: wages $10. 1108 Fulton st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 600 Oak
j street.
I ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« Call.
i Subscriptions and ada taken.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
WANTED— German nursegirl about 15
years old. Liberty Dairy, Russia aye. and
Vienna at.,: Mission road.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework: family of
adults; must sleep at home; wages $10. 809
Turk st. ' .
WANTED— from 14 to 16 years old. to as-
sist with light housework; call after 9 o clock.
916 Fulton st. . ' ■ -
LADY to call on office trade with a new artU
cle; $1 a day guaranteed. 123 California St.,
room 26.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work. 2627 California st., near Scott.
GIRL shirt operator for Sacramento. Apply
583 Mission St.. 2 p. m. Staurday.
COAT finisher wanted at 520 Kearny St., up-
stairs.
WANTED— girl to assist In light housa-
work; no washing. 112 Second st.
GIRL to assist In housework and children!
wages $5. 1329 Union st.
GIRL for German cooking and downstair*
' work. 1207 Gough st. •
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work; German family of three. 2197 Devlsa-
deru St., near Clay.
WANTED— A woman between 21 and 35 for
light housework: good home; fair pay for
right party. Call for one week at 116 Taylor.
j GIRL wanted for general housework. 63«
Baker st., near McAllister.
j FRENCH nuraeglrl for baby from 8:30 In the
I morning until 6at night: references required.
ALMA E. KEITH. 80S Market st.
i WANTED — Immediately, lady canvassers; Al
; article. 1220 Thirty-fourth st., Oakland.
A FIRST-CLASS operator on pants. Apply at
• once, room 8, Enquirer bldg.. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class corset saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St.. room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. m.
PROTESTANT woman for country: 2 In fan**
ily. 303 Castro st.. cor. Sixteenth.
j LEARN dressma. ng and millinery; position*
Tree; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
YOUNG lady bookkeeper; stale experience an<4
salary expected. Address W. F.. box 05. Call.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, '""I Market
st.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial free.
i.l NTH, 167— Branch office of '1.-c Call; sub*
ecrlptlons and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— MALI..
WANTED— 2 woodchoppers. Sonoma County^
tools, etc., furnished, $1 50 per cord, 4-foot
wood; 2 American fanners, $26: 3 chorernen
- for ranches. $15 and $20; 3 milkers. $25; 3
milkers, $20: 4 farmhands, near city. $20, good,
place; dishwasher, country hotel, $20, room,
fare advanced, and others. W. D. EWER __
CO., 626 Clay st. .
A— BUTCHER for country shop; all-round man.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay. (
A— BOILERMAKER for a great corporation
country. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
A— WOOD turner for planing mills: blacksmith
for a ranch. $26. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
A— 2 CHOREMEN for ranches, $20 and $15
sailor boy for a gentleman's yacht; 15 farm
hands, $26, $20 and $15. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
A— COOKS— ♦ waiter*
3 waiter hoys 5 dishwashers
10 tie makers 1 20 woodchoppers
8 milkers- ■ 2 butter maker*
Vegetable gardener —2 stablemen
20 laborers city 4 teamsters, clt*
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.. Lead-
ing Employment Agents.
A— TO th«» great • mines
We are sending to-day, to-morrow, 26 men as
common lalorers: no experience required
$2 10 and $2 50 day. MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St., Leading Employment Agents.
MINERS $2 50 day
fare $2: Job steady: gravel mine. MURRAY
& READY. 634-636 Clay St., Leading Employ-
ment Agents.
MARRIED ' Farmer and wife,
no objection to children, for a ranch. Contra
Costa County. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st. t
SECOND cook, hotel. $50: restaurant butcher,
$35 to $40; neat young butcher, who can cut
and kill, country shop. $40 and found; short-
order cook, $35; waiter and short-order cook,
chophouse, $6 50 a week; porter, $8 a week;
cook, $8 a week; mangier. $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife, boss here, $35 and found:
ranch foreman, $30; milker. $15; sash and
door machine hand, $3 a day; window-
maker. $3 a day: 3! wood choppers. $1 60 and ,'
$1 25 a cord, near city. C. R HANSEN _ *
CO,. 104 Qeary.st.
WANTED— Night clerk, hotel. $50; butter, pri-
vate family, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Laundryman and wife for Institu-
tion. $60; 2 furnace men, $2 day; butcher,
country, $40 and found; miner, $2 50 day; la-
borers for country. $1 75 day; and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Chef cook, hotel, $60; second cook,
$35; chophouse cook, $8 a week: waiter for
lunch: dishwasher, $20; lroner, French laun-
dry. $35; Indoor servant, $30; groom and foot-
man. $30; boy for resort, $10, etc. ANDRE'S,
316 Stockton st.
GERMAN man, small vinejurd. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife as cook and waiter, $33. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. - .
FIRST-CLASS bartender, hotel clerk, assistant
bookkeeper, office assistant. 313 Bush.
BOOKKEEPERS, traveling salesmen, office
clerks, timekeepers and drivers find posi-
tions. 313 Bush. -
HOTEL clerk, coast experiences: assistant
bookkeeper, city references; grocery clerk*'
SIS Bush st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ*
merit. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. South. 624,
WANTED— I plainer hand and 1 man tai
straighten Iron. HERMANN SAFE FAC-
TORY. 526 Sacramento st.
ACTIVE middle-aged man on small datryr.
city: $10 a month; Christian home. Inqulr%.
19 Fourth st. at 10 a. m.
BOY wanted to attend store and collect: ad-
dress in handwriting; state age a..d wages.
Address box 4637. Call. '
WANTED— only those that under—
stand business. Apply 1981 Market st.
LADIES' tailor and operator; steady position,,
20 Sansome St., upstairs.
A WAITER wanted at 315 Grant avenue,
PRESSMAN wanted at 142 Eddy st. this morn-
Ing at 7 o'clock. '
GOOD tailor wanted for bushellng at 625 Com-.,
mercial st.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker to work in,
store. 224 Ellis St. - ; '
STRONG toy wanted; wall printing. _50»'
Polk st
WANTED— Working partner with some capital;
to Invest In good-paying business. Call or!
address son*- Mission St.. room 6.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
11 and 30 years, who are citizens of th«
United States, or those .who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write Enellsh, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office 70 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
ROSEDALE HOUSE. 321 Ellis— furnished
rooms; 25c night; $1 week; reading room.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
IMMEDIATELY, an Al lady superintendent;
must eventually take entire charge; state
age and business experience. Box 4652, Call.
WANTED— Young man as solicitor for retail
liquor business: steady position for goodl
worker. Box 4721, Call office.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound. Mexico, etc. ; apply '
Mariners" Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
BOY 15 years of age for law office: must live
with parents. Address box 4653, Call Office. :
WANTED— A first-class waiter. Manhattan.
House, 825 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted on custom coat-l,
steady work. 239 Fifth st.
BAILORS. . ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. r.c a night; reading rooms
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BAJRBERS' Ass'n FreeiEmploym't Office. S.
Ft CHS., Sec. 325 Grant aye.; teL Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, "64^4 Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c »nd 25c p«r
night: 60c, -90c and $1 per week.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox ' Collection ■ Agency. 110 : Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; _5c a night;; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
naif price; half-BOllng. 35c. 959 Howard at.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight week*. 9.
F. : Barber College. 138H Eighth st. > ■■ . . :: '
617 MONTGOMERY cor Clay— until 9:30
o* clock ; j branch office of . The Call. Subscrip-
. tions • and want * ada taken. * *AGENTS WANTED. . .
AGENTS wanted— Murat Halstead's great war
book, "Our Country In War"; all about
armies, navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter. Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly COO pages; all written
elnce Maine disaster; magnificent colored Il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms; SO
days' credit; price low; freight paid; outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
" rational Union, 324 Dearborn Bt., Chicago.
- LADIES and gentlemen to solicit for the Co-
operative Sick A I Society. Apply at room
20. tl Powell st., bet. lWd 4 p. m.
WANTED— Agent to sell teas and coffees on
commission. 203 Fourth st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont- <
gomery St.: highest prices paid. Tel 'avis 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED by responsible parties— Furnished !
cottage or flat of 4 or 5 rooms, with yard
preferred: state price, which must reasonable.
Box 4701. Call office.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man wants breakfast and dinner with
room In private family; references ex-
changed; state terms. Address box 4642, Call.
WA X I X I>— M ISCELL ANISOUS^
PAWNBROKER-Old gold. silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COT-KMAN. 41 Third.
LODGING > ,I'SES FOR SALE.
64-ROOM corner house: clears $200 $1500 !
20 rooms; near City Hall; worth $1000 $650
6 rooms and bath; flat; only : $175
24-room house; new; $750 cash $1400 \
45 rooms on Market: rent $75 $1400
60-room apartment house $40i}0
24-room house on Howard ' ... $TOO
— New and good ' $475
11800— On Market st.; clears $250 i
$1100— Only $500 cash; corner 17 rooms i
$200— On O'FarreU st. ; flat * 7 rooms j
$1400— Best in the city; fine corner 50 rooms |
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN j
On Furniture at 8% per cent !
Insurance at Cut Rates ■
14 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel, only $350 i
15 me, Post St.; rent $50; fine 850 1
l'J rooms: rent $27; a money maker 400 |
20 rooms; rent $55; investigate this... 500 '■
21 rooms: rent $25; income $100 425
24 rooms; Market st.; brand new 1200
;< rooms; rent $55; part cash 3r.0
41 rooms: rent $140; near Orpheum *700
44 rooms: rent $100; strictly first class... 1300
■ WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22V4 i
Geary st. !
255 rooms; clears $400 monthly $3000
105 rooms; elegant; net receipts $3000 4500
60 rooms; Market; best in city : 2500 !
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient 2000 \
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant offices 2600
25 rooms; best on Post; bargain. * 1550
12 rooms: Powell; elegant... 800
6-room flat: Ellis st.; free rent 250
Hundreds of others at your own price.
X'O. 1 bargain; owner must attend other In- |
terests; S2 rooms; rent low; clearing $125
month; part cash. Address M., box 4652. Call. j
GOOD-PAYING lodging-house of 14 rooms and I
carpenter shop: cheap. Inquire 127 Turk St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS *"■" are selling good upright pianos for $6 \
cash and $G per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as if purchased for a!l cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy ]
payments and some pood pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., :
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter,
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and i
Broadway, Oak" and. i
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house I
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CEASE'S,
26. 2S and TO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs j
and '' other musical instruments of all j
grades and pi 1' — Terms easy; prices low- •
t.-t. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. j
CLARK, WISE & CO., cor. Grant aye. and j
Geary st.. agents Conover, Klngsbury and
other pianos; opened May 1: new stock; spe- ;
cial prices; easy terms; inspection Invited.
"CROWN" piano is the greatest yet made;
free concerts this week at Fresno, Vallejo.
Napa. 1108 and 1223, Oakland, and at HOCK-
KTT BROS, & CO.ft 230 Post St. v I
SECOND-HAND pianos at air prices; terms
extremely accommodating. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., agents for the
. Chlckering and other pianos.
WE have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain;
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAUVAIS. 70.' Market St.
A STEIN WAY piano for $100: a Chlckerlng for
$90; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market St. !
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs end other pianos: see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 303. 310, 312 Post St.
A FINE Emerson. $50; Stein way. $150. Room
12 Flood bid., THE J. DEWING CO.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Stetnway.
Neuman, others. Hornung's. 215 McAllister. j
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. j
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. SCOTT- j
CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
st., fiat No. 1.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
st., next Kiber la Bank. SCHMITZ. j
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos; second-hand I
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post- !
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles, j
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'FarreU st. i
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n- w. H.
MILLER, .maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawpon, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10. •
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making tracts call at general office, 630 ,
Market st.
™~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keening business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad- ;
uates placed since 18»2: catalogue. j
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. B . Fel- , i
low m Mathematics, U. -C, 2407 B. Atherton,
• nr.Chaanlng way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, ar.-hlt. : day & eve.; i -
est.' 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market. I
BOOKKEEPING and rapid' calculations; a
course in Tan's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 872, 855 Market st. -
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught In one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the unl- , 1
versity. law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
" CARPET CLEANING. Z . i
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C.H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work ]
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40. j .
T MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St., tel. S 228; lowest rates. .
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. .
GREAT Eastern" Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
5". E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th *
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; Mission 74.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat- ]
Ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.; i
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 833 Golden
■ Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. " ■> '
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call. "
Subscriptions and ada taken.
~ LOST. . -.;;.;"-*
LOST— Satchel from 222 Poet st., containing F
books and papers; a liberal reward.
IVORY-HEADED cane, marked G. a. R. and _
J. G. Jessup; $1 reward. Apply at Call office. 8
LOST— Between 522 Sutter st. and .Newman & -
Levinson's, pair gold eyeglasses ' and chain; c
suitable reward. 1710^ Sacramento st.
LOST— A brindle greyhound puppy bitch. Re-
turn to J. O'SHEA, 178 Vermont St., and re- r
ceive reward. . . . ■ • . .- • *
FOUND.
FOUND— In Berkeley, April 2, a gentleman's
gold watch. Apply .1474 Ellis st. -
. __ TYPE AVRITERsT^
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; Bend for samples and —
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery. ~
YOST good order, $25;- send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery at. p
"PHYSICIANS. -:;■•:
DR C C O' DO NNELL, office and residence, F
1206 Vwket; diseases of women a specialty.
. '■?• BUSINESS CHANCES.
$1760; BEST-PAYING restaurant In city;' es-
tablished years; kept by owner the last 5
years; private rooms; the very best business
location; average dally receipts above $40. In-
quire WILKE. 783 Market st.
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE,' 783 Market st. - . - :".:-. -\
$300: saloon, 2 doors from Montgomery St.,
average daily receipts $12; rent $23. Inquire
WILKE, 783 Market st. •
SALOON and lunch house; close to and
patronized by the largest brewery of this .
city: doing a ■ rushing business: good stock
and rare business opening. WILKK, 783
Market st.
$400— SALOON: first-class business; close to
I'helan building; a bargain. See WILKE.
783 Market st. - -
A— s3so; RESTAURANT, opposite cable house;
transfer corner; good business; cheap rent.
WILKE. 753 Market st.
$250— CIGAR store on Market St., In the heart
of city. M. LESS. 765 Market st. - '
CORNER saloon, on Montgomery St.;
billiard table included; living rooms; selling
on account of death In family. M. LESS, 765
. Market. - '. : ' -
$400— RESTAURANT; few doors north of Mar-
ket st.; old established; receipts $25 to $30 per
day: a money-making place. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
11600— CORNER grocery and bar, 4 rooms and
bath in Western Addition; established 20
years- big bar trade; well worth »2500; selling
on account of sickness. M. LESS & CO., 765
Market st. .
•150: CIGAR store, few doors off Market;
' splendid location; must sell. M. LESS, 765
Market st. _j - - - -
A— KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers. ii%
,-,. .. St. Miscellaneous business chances.
$500— "Stationery, books, Call and laundry office.
Photograph gallery; oN'.est on , coast. .
JSOO— Delicacy; fine corner, '.vtth living rooms.
Coo H. me bakery; 3 barrels daily; rooms
Restaurant and furnished flat, $20 dally.
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
jrent} clears $150. KREDO _ __ __ Geary.
a- $125; BRANCH bakery, butter, eggs: fine liv-
ing rooms; daily receipts $10. KREDO & CO.,
22& Geary st. ■
$JSO— SALOON and lunch house; going to Alas-
ka. Mclaughlin & ca. 23 geamy st.
$650— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling;
hall in second story; large lot; worth $2000.
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go East. MCLAUGHLIN. 23 Keary st.
GROCERY store for sale; established business
of 20 years; does $4000 monthly business on a
$5000 stock: best of reasons for Bel ' ln
Liven' stable for sale; carriages, buggies,
hacks and horses; good paying business; price
$6000; terms to suit.
Variety store for sale; good stock and loca-
tion; a bargain: price $1200. v.,a
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner bldg.
$3000— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon and wine-
. house; daily trade $15 to $20; rent moderate;
location best in town; 4 nicely furnished ;
winerooms; electric bells; first-class fixtures, j
stock will invoice $1900; full Investigation so-
licited. Pacific Exchange. 995 Market
1700— FIRST-CLASS saloon; good location: dally
trade $10 to $15; 6 private rooms; piano; card
room; fixtures and bar: good stock, Invoices
near amount. Pacific Exchange. 99a Market.
$550— WANTED; a steady man as partner in a |
first-class liquor store, doing a large trade;
stock will Invoice $900; object in getting part-
ner is to do a jobbing business; you are sure
in this case to be connected with a reliable
business man. HEiALY, 917 Market.
A~PICK-UP— Chance for a fortune: some one
with capital of $5000 to go Into timber coun-
try; one hundred million feet of choice tim-
ber, with 3000 acres of land; particulars. THE
REYNOLDS COMPANY. 403 Examiner build-
ing. ■
A— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted; commission business.
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
FOR sale— Cigar store; also candy, stationery,
notions: between Market and Mission sts.;
combined or separate; fresh stock; fine place
for right man or lady; 1 room and kitchen;
cheap rent. Box 4648, Call office.
SALOON in manufacturing district; good
chance for right party; cheap rent; must be
sold; good reason for selling. Apply to DON-
NELLY & BRANNAN, corner Seventh and
Mission sts. .. . .. ;
GROCERY and bar; centrally located; doing a
nice business; cash trade; excellent stock; 5
living-rooms; owner retiring from business;
rent cheap; no agents, ii<<x 4649, Call office.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1.
HOTEL for sale — 26 rooms, furnished; cost
$SOOO 11 years ago;- now asking $2200. Call at <
206 Third St., get terms and make offer at ,
once.
RESTAURANT; bargain; receipts $40 to $50 per !
day; rent ?22 "0; must sell: disagreement of
partners' ; a chance of a lifetime. 207 Second.
SALOON and lunchhouse wants partner with ;
$2i)o cash; good business; no agents; call and
see. 3263 Mission st., near carhouse.
FOR sale— Well-paying south of Market st.
saloon; $175. Apply at 418 Sacramento st.
— FOR sale, a grocery and bar. For parti-
culars call at Washington Brewery.
$17." — CORNER grocery and bar; 3 living rooms.
N. E. corner Fifth and Clara sts.
PARTNER wanted in first-class saloon;
bargain.. Call for particulars 33 Third st.
$350— SALOON; good place. Apply In liquor
store, ■■:.' Howard st., downstairs.
BARBER shop, first class, for sale for half
its value on account of sickness in family.
Call or address J. KIEFER, Salinas. Cal.
WANTED — Small store with rooms; good loca-
tion for branch bakery. Address F., 163
Seventh st., Oakland, Cal.
FOB sale 2 old-established groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
PARTNER for wine and liquor business; small '
capital. Call at 820 Valencia st.
FOR Bale or to rent — Photograph gallery. In-
quire at 18 Third St.
A RARE chance for Investment In Oakland;
(lrtt-ifisii restaurant . for sale, clearing $250 i
per month; same owners 8 years; positively
no opposition near; place located on junction !
of best two streets; cheap rent; reason for
selling, owners leaving for Europe. M. L.
WURTS, 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
EeOCERY, bar, stationery, notions: 1
rooms; rent fir,; fully $600 worth in sight;
owner there 6 years; must be sold at once;
no agents; save commission. Address box
4668, Call office.
PROMINENT plumbirg business for sale; es-
tablished 12 years on principal business
street; price asked Is all in stock; good rea-
son for selling. Box 1712, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market St.,
sold cheap If taken this week. E. & J. GETZ,
107 -Sixth st. ■ .
ruK SaLE— Saloon, 211 K^arny; fitted up hr*t-
class and doing a -good paying business. , Call
and see*it.
CORNER saloon, good location; on account of
other business; at a low price. Albany Brew-
ery. -
PARTNER wanted to buy half inter In beet
located restaurant. 235 O'Farrell.
SALOON, 025% Sansome st., near postofflce;
sickness cause of selling.
NICE corner saloon at a- bargain; must sell
this week. 400 McAllister st.
FOR SALE— Bakery and notion store ' cheap.
A. 0., box 12, Call office. .
RESTAURANT for sale; best location In Oak-
land; owner has other business. K. D., box 4
Call, Oakland.  • .
PHE best paying cigar and fruit stand In the
city for sale cheap. Apply at Call office.
BARBER shop for sale; paying. Inquire at
103 Eddy st. . •
INY one who has from $5000 to $25,000 to In-
vest in the best dairy, hog and wood propo-
sition on the Pacific Coast will find It to
their Interest to write for particulars to
R. W. SWEET, Klrkwood, Cal.
rOR sale— A well-established corner saloon;
well stocked; on principal street south of
Market; price $1100; investigate; no agents;
8 yrs. in same place. H. M., box 818, Call.
l"OR sale Call route at Santa Cruz. Apply at
Call business office or to # j. H. MOON. Santa
Cruz. ' > -
lALOON for sale cheap. Apply at 236 Third
street. - ■ '%, j -
'OR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, Ban Jose.
•ARTNER wanted, 7 lady or gentleman, as
cashier; good-paying restaurant on Mont-
gomery St. Box 2186, Call. ' .
ORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; Investigate. 117 Flllmore st. .
TTMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorln. Cal.,
OFFEE and tea routes supplied from - GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St..
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
'OR Sale^Cheap; office fixtures, : counters,
desks, glass partitions, safe, etc., at 138
Montgomery at. ... . ■•'-■'• -;'■/ .-■•--' ■ >' • '
'URNITURE of 5 rooms for sale; s all ~~ hard
wood; no agents. 160 Seventh st. , 7 : -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN — — — —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN ' A
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts.;. prices 'will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market St.
LEAVENWORTH, House, 9 rooms, bath.
Inquire of EABTON & ELDRIDGE or 1323
O'Farrell st. ■ " j
$26—507 JONES St., house, 8 rooms, basement
and large yard. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN &
CO., 14 Montgomery st. ■ ' •-■
COTTAGES TO LET..
ARMY, 362SA— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage. '
FOR rent for summer, 5-room cottage, 35 miles
from city; situation beautiful. Address W.
MAYNARD. Station D, city. ' ■ '■' ■
MODERN cottage; 401 Laurel St., corner Sacra-
. mento; Presidio Heights; sun all day. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. -■ .■■
5-ROOM sunny cottage ; water free; reduced
from $12 to $10. Apply 2316 Pine. . . ' ' ''
COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner grocery.
Furnished houses TO LET.
a new firm rustling for business.
5-room flat; well .furnished : $25
6-room house; well furnished; piano 40
7-room house; nicely furnished. ..i... 35
8-room house; nicely furnished 35
8-room house, unfurnished; good location 25
9-room house; furnished; good location.... 40
10-room house; unfurnished; very fine place 85
14-room house; unfurnished; near park;
fine view ...,45
Only a sample list. Call and see us.
THE REYNOLDS CO..
403-404 Examiner building.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m. •■
UPPER furnished flat, 3107 Washington St.,
will be rented for 2 or 3 months from June 1,
very cheap; can be seen from 11 to 3.
FLATS TO LET.
A SUNNY flat of 7 rooms : bath: all modern Im-
provements; rent reduced. 2658 Market st.
CHEAPEST flats in the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $20; Capp st.. bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
I CALIFORNIA. 2510—2 sunny flats; 4 rooms and
bath each; $17 50 and $16; basement flat, $9.
FULTON. 144— Fine middle flat; 6 rooms; bath;
modern; $30; near City Hall.
GROVE, 145. near City Hall— Elegant top flat;
5 rooms; bath. --^ '
HAIGHT, 1021, above Broderick— 6-room
flat; best block on Halght; good view.
HAVES. 647— Modern built upper "flat, bay-
window; 7 rooms and bath; key. middle floor.
JACKSON, 3601— Corner; lower flat; new; sep-
arate entrance; 5 handsome sunny rooms;
kitchen and bath; fireplaces, presses, yard,
etc.; unobstructed view of the bay; adults
preferred; $20 a month. . .
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath;
rent $30. Key 728.
MCALLISTER, 2048— Sunny bay window flat. 5
rooms and bath; rent $15.
MISSION, 1515, near Eleventh— 6 i large sunny
rooms, bath, laundry and yard; rent $18.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply lit Liberty st.
PAGE. 1614— 5-room upper flat; park; nice
order; very sunny; $18 50.
SANCHEZ and Twenty-third— Modern upper
flat of i rooms.
' SEE those beautiful flats In warm belt of Mis-
sion: rewly tinted and painted throughout; 6
rum?, bath and latest improvements; floors
deailened. 1001 and 1004 Dolores St., corner
! Twenty-third; rent cheapest In city; upper
reduced from $25 to $20 and lower reduced
from $22 3"i to $18; now open for inspection.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
TWENTY-NINTH, 442, near Noe— Flat: 5
rooms and bath; $12.
4 NICE sunny rooms to let; rent $10. 2041 Har-
I rison st., opposite Eighteenth.
' 5 NEW choice sunny rooms; all modern Im-
! provements; rent $18. 1706 Hyde st. ; "
$12, $14—5 OR 6 rooms: also cottage. 4 sunny
rooms. $10. 623 Second st., near Townsend.
| 527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
t ions and want ads taken. '
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms and bath. Call,
after 6 p. m., 400 Sanchez, cor. Seventeenth;
; rent $25. • - -^-' - •
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 446 Thirteenth, cor. Guerrero, • sunny fur-
- nished housekeeping room; kitchen; bath; $10.
1 BARTLETT. 414. near Twenty-fifth— fur-
nished rooms; bath; sinkroom; hot water; $12.
CALIFORNIA, 1306— Pleasant rooms ■ furnish-
ed for housekeeping; private family.
FIFTH, 314— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; bath; closet; sink; running water;
private; $11.
FIFTH, 42SH— Front room and kitchen, newly
furnished for housekeeping; also others.
FIFTH. 353, formerly Furnished housekeep-
ing; 2 parlors; kitchen; bath; $22; also 1, $7.
FOURTH, Furnished rooms, suitable for 2
gentlemen; also houoekeeping; $1 a week up.
GEARY, 656— Formerly 518; elegant sunny
suites for light housekeeping; double and
single rooms. •
GEARY, 1812H— 3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; $15.
GEARY, 1919— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; I'ZO.
GENTLEMAN . having .'nice furniture for 5
rooms and cooking utensils, will give the use
of same for a room. "Furniture," box 4673,
Call office. .
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Unfur-
nished sunny 3-room suites, with gas stove.
—
HOWARD. 704, /corner Third— Finely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping, furnished
complete; cheap.
HOWARD, 1806, cor. Fourteenth— sunny front
rooms, $S. ' '■ ; '
HYDE, 6V6 — Front suite, sunny; furnished for
light housekeeping. .
LARKIN, 509 A —3 completely furnished' or un-
furnished housekeeping rooms; $13 60.
MARKET, 1028— Parlor, bedroom and kitchen,
$10 a month;, unfurnished rooms, chettp.
MINNA, 436— Large sunny furnished house-
. keeping room, with cook-stove, $6; others.
MINNA, Front room and kitchen for
housekeeping; no children.
MISSION, 925V4— Completely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; ga3 and bath.
MISSION, 1217— Front sunny alcove suite com-
plete for. housekeeping; also single rooms.
MISSION, 1624— Tw0 bright sunny parlors for
housekeeping In quiet family; rent reason-
able; also single rooms. j ' . - ."
NINTH, Nicely furnished suite of rooms
for housekeeping; bath; sunny .yard.
NINETEENTH, 4059 near Castro— Elderly Ger-
man lady wishes small family to take part of
flat; near car lines. . .
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Bunny rooms,
single or en suite; one bay window. ..
RAUSCH, 49, between Howard and Folsom, nr.
Seventh— Sunny housekeeping rooms. ;:■■
BHOTWELL, 932—3 tunny rooms; bath; wash
trayc; Bide entrance; rent $9; ker upstairs.
SIXTH, — Nice large sunny front room for
light housekeeping; rent cheap. .
THIRD, 309— Furnished .room complete for
housekeeping $5 to $7 a month; rare.
TURK, 405— Sunny suites, double and single
rooms: also 3 front connecting rooms com-
plete housekpg; range; bath; running water.
VAN NESS aye., Most elegant, sunny cor.'
flat; 3 rooms and bath; complete for. house-
keeping; no children; all front rooms. j
WASHINGTON, 2907— Upper floor of three large
sunny housekeeping rooms and bath: rent $16.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EIGHTH. 508, near Broadway station— 2 sunny
front rooms, complete for. housekeeping. :
ROOMS TO LET.
ANTONIO. 16, off Jones, bet. Ellis and
O'Farrell— 4 unfurnished rooms. : • • _
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st.; .trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, * en ' suite ■ and single; first-class I
In every respect; 'terms reasonable, y V
AT 147 Powell^and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
■ nished rooms >by • day, week .or month. »"; ■ :
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms: pretty view;
quiet house; . baths; gas; very . reasonable. > -
BOHEMIA, j 239 Post — Elegant rooms; reason-
able, rates; bath; gas; elevator; very central.
CENTRAL aye., 416, , near Park— For ■ gentle-
. man; large sunny room, newly furnished. : vj
DELAWARE; 1 1433 Market— Furnished 1 or I un-
furnished single and . double rms. ; | $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, Newly furnished single and ' double j
.. rooms, $5 a month and up. :• : ; ' t ' __*___
EDDY, • 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms, per night,
60c to $1; week, }2 to $6; families. •/■ I
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. .
; EDDY, 761— Newly ' furnished g Bunny . rooms;
bath; gas; private 'family; very reasonable.
ELLIS 418 (Grand First-class sunny
| rooms and suites for gentß. $1 60 to $8 week.
GEARY 622r-Newly furnished Bunny bay-win-
dow ro'omrfclßQ single rooms; bath and gas.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 503— Two sunny fur-
nished rooms; single or together; gas; bath;
: reasonable. '
GLOBE Housty. 821 Howard— Per night, Bo to
j $1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard era.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
JESSIE, 164 near Palace Hotel— Nice sunny
front rooms: other rooms. $1 week up.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front room; neatly fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; $7.
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6; baths: hot water; transient; elevator.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 1226— large sunny parlor, piano;
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
NATOMA, 503, off Sixth— Sunny bay-window,
front room, cheap. ■ . . . .
O'FARRELL, Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
i O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, tlO; sunny single room, $7.
O'FARRELL, 274 — Newly furnished sunny
rooms to let; permanent or transient.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st. .
POST 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, Private family has a front room
to let; newly furnished; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. -28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate, beds, $10; sunny single room, $1 50.
TWELFTH, 12— Three unfurnished rooms to
let, rent $7. . -' .«
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'ojock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
j tlons and want ads taken.
• 2 ROOMS \ •!> BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class. meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS, . 618— Nicely furnished v rooms, best
board; $20 per month. ; -
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 40S— Double and single rooms: first-
class board: Spanish; $20 a month up.
HYDE, 925— Sunny rooms; goon board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly. <
SUTTER, 112S— Sunny suite; single rooms: flrst-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., 80S— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly, furnished: with board.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
ELDERLY lady wishes 1 or 2 children to
■ board, attention and best of care; terms easy.
Address 437 Sixth St., upper flat.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother* care: reference*. 234U, Sixth «t.
STORES TO LET.
I HOWARD. ISO 2. cor. Fourteenth— Store and 2
living rooms suitable for barber shop.
NORTHEAST cor. i Sar.some and Pacific sts. ;
larue corner store with basement; reduced
to $20 per month.
STORE or factory, well lighted middle, all
over: 26x150 or part. 519 Howard st.
TO RENT: furniture for sale (bargain): small
store; 3 large rooms In rear; good location;
suitable for any small business; rent cheap;
call Monday. 804 Larkin st. -
OFFICES TO LET.
FINE partly furnished offices. 901 Sutter St.,
corner Leavenworth. . ? ■
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579. opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor; power available for straw
' works, ' paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
~~™~ MEDICAL. . ~ ~~
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. ~ and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fan: delicacy, privacy, ; home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated;, -no
delay; >elf-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in- time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $160 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process; a great progress In medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments
used' restores in one day without fall: every
man her own physician; every case guar-
anteed: consultation free: can be sent and
used at home; by the well known DR. POP-
PER, 318 Kearny st. ; pills and capsules. $1.
PI'S GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; Irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge: restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma-
ternity home; best medical attendance; ' low
fees* cure, $5; pills, $1; when others fail,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st. - : .
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor. and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped. Instantly;
home In confinement: consult free: hours lOto
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home In confinement, with every ;
comfort; best • care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes. -
DR.' WISE'S private sanitarium, 307 Jones st.,
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Bel view
. Hospital, N. V. : diseases of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant. .
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 60; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 631 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
• female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason St.; pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses; tiros, reas. Powell-st. cars.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
Irregularities; no medicine; no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2208H Mission - at.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom st., takes ladles
at her home In their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential. (
DR.- HALL. 9 McAllister st. ; diseases of
women and children. ...
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz;, infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st.
DENTISTS. '„
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates;: light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and • bridge work
our specialty: { fillings, 50c: crowns, - $3 50; all
work painless ' and r-arranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists: painless extraction ;
teeth, per Bet, $5 up; gold filling, 75c up sil-
ver, 25c. up; old plates made over, - $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenings and Sundays.
SC9 Mission St., cor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL 1443 Market st., nr. 11th; I
no charge for extracting when i plates are
made; old plates i ade over like new; teeth
from. $8 per set; -extracting 50c; gas . given. ,'■
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, . ' discoverer of painless ;. extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth j
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell. \
VAl' VROOM Electro Dental Tarlors; full set '
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up;. -all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 597 Market St., corner Sixth. ,-. . - , ;.
DR. XUELLA COOL, : 55 1 ; Sutter; ; crowns, 4 $6;
aluminum . plates & * bridge work a : specialty.'
L. A. TEAGUE, A. ■ CANE and F. TEAGUE,
; removed to Call bldg.. 6th - floor, ; mi, 1 603-607.
ALL worlc . reasonable and warranted. DR. J. :
W. • KEY. 1320 Market st. : r ■ ;, - , ; : - : ,-;
SET -of . teeth i without ' a . plate, r DR. H. .C.
YOUNG.- 184,1 Polk st. Z . ■ ' :
MATRIMONY.
ALL seeking marriage send 12c for May "Wed-
ding Bell," 18 pga.; 676 gents; 423 ladles; no $5
fee. EDITOR, 111 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes— Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the high
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for Instance, on a $20 suit,
$3 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
REMEMBER. I have but one price to every-
body, 25c. Hair dressed la mode for 25c only;
good switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from • to
12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING— Ladies' and children's suits
made at reduced rates. 85 Ninth st.
CEMETERY fences; best work; lowest prices.
DOUGLASS. 1716 Central aye., nr. Bush st.
QUINONIA llair Tonio will positively cure
dandruff. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. .FUNKE, 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
MRS. DR. JOHNSTON, masseuse, electrician,
trained nurse. Office heated. 579 Geary st.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MMeT~GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses?
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. M.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burie property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, rast, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. f!end stamp for circular with
special terms. MRi-5. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON- pf.:mtst; card-reader- nast.
present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 2.'c up. 5 Fourth St.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card-reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 26c; ladles. 914 OFarrell st
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fesslon; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ELSIE REYNOLDS, materialising; developing;
Friday evening. 822 O'Farrell st. Be.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
S p. m.; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jessie, 9sB.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
GO to MRS. MICHAEL for the best card read-
i er; ladies only. 53 Albion aye.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1; cir. Tues., Fri.. 2 p. m.; Sat., 8: 25c
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY— Your fortune by your name; oc-
cult science. 911*4 Mission st.
MRP. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123 V& Sixth st., room 2.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
(llum. US Halgrit Et.
PALMISTRY.
MRs7~CHANDLER; readings Tues.. Thurs..
Sat. at hall. 305 Larkin St.; Mon.. Wed., Fri.
residence, 3">3 Geary Ft.
HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 22n Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
THREE-QUARTER end spring, ball bearing
axle, rubber tire, piano body buggy. Can be
seen at O'BRIEN & SONS', Golden Gate aye.
and Polk st.
LIGHT pleasure buggy, or will exchange for
business buggy. 156 Fifth st.
SrECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ASK to see $12 solitaire diamond ring; aek to
see the $15 solitaire diamond ring, at UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
' BAR outfits, store fixtures, scales, etc., seeond-
1 hand: selling at cost. 868 Folsom, nr. Fifth.
DOMESTIC sewing machine. 5 drawers, all at-
tachments; nearly new. 1915 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND hose for irrigation purposes; ;
pumps, gasoline engines, etc. H. S. WHITE, i
514, 516, 518 Mission st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber Wmshstanas, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
THORi >r<;HBKEI> Angora kittens for sale at
557 Ellis et.. formerly of W46 Eddy st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl,
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
'building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
i BOILERS, engines. 2d-han<i machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
9izes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records. $5 per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mikt.
COFFSB mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
I BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 206 Fourth st. <
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for hardware, plumbers' mater-
ials lumber, paints, oils, etc., furniture, fuel,
stovepipe, stationery, library books, physical,
chemical and other apparatus and supplies,
printing, lithographing, etc.— Sealed proposals .
will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board
of Education, on Wednesday, May 25. 1898, at
4 -30 o'clock p. m., for furnishing the School
Department of this city and county during
the fiscal year 1898-99 with hardware, plumb- •
ers' materials, lumber, paints, oils, etc., fur-
niture, fuel, stovepipe, stationery, library
books, etc., and for doing the printing and !
lithographing required during the said fiscal I
year, in accordance with specifications at the |
office of the Board of Education, City Hall. ■
The parties to whom contracts are awarded '
will be required, prior to or at the time of ,
execution of the contracts, to pay their pro- I i
Dortlon of the cost of advertising.
CHAS. W. WELCH. Secretary. ,
LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given that the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail- i
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the California Pacific
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in- !
corporated and existing under the laws of ;
the State of California, upon the written con- !
sent of the stockholders holding more than i
three-fourths in value of all the stock of each
Of said corporations, respectively, and by agree- i ,
ment of the respectivt Boards of Directors of :
said corporations, made and entered into in
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro- i !
vided did. on the 14th day of April, A. D. ;
IS9S amalgamate and consolidate their capital '
stock debts, property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and style of the j :
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
DO J. L. WILLCUTT,
Secretary of the Southern Pacific Railroad !
San" I Fr" > nclsco. Cal.. May 6. 1898.
BICYCLES.
WANTED— Bicycle; second hand; state price,
etc. Box 46.'.!, Call.
ATTORNEYS AT L.^W.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. p
\
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FLATS FOR SALE. - ; -
6 flats. Pacific aye:; , rent for $2280; S. P.
$35,000. . •
6 flats. Laguna St.; 32 rooms; S. P. $5500.
3 flats, Fillmore St.; rent $60 60; S. P. $12,500.
CITY LOTS FOR SALE.
103x105; Greenwich st., nr. Montgomery; $1500.
80x114; Twenty-sixth St.. nr. Diamond; $1500.
25x125; Dolores st, nr. Twenty-fifth; $2250.'
For other lots apply to .
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner bldg.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
2600 ACRES; stock ranch; good grazing and
farming land; fine feed this year; only 2%
, miles from S. P. R. R. ; price $6 50 per acre.
THE REYNOLDS CO.. rooms 403 and 404,
Examiner building.-' ■ r ;
SPLENDID stock ranch; 1160 acres: 1000 acres
overflow meadow > land; ; will produce 2 tons
hay per acre this year; price $23,200: will ex-
change for city property. THE REYNOLDS
CO., 403 Examiner building. .
SMALL well improved ranch near to town; a
bargain for cash; must sell. Box 4650. Call.
$1800— RANCH, 160 acres, 15 miles west- of
Ukiah; house' and barn; orchard and vine-
yard exchange for Oakland or Berkeley
property. Address R., box 114. Call office.
WRITE for list; food land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The. Weekly
Call, In wrappers, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR,
Villa lots and acreage; easy tern 46 minute*
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO., 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH— lovely home; 2-story new mod-
ern house of 6 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; complete and up-to-date, perfect home;
grandest location ever found; Galindo Tract,
East Oakland, on Peralta avenue. 1 block
east from Fruitvale aye. ; . Peralta . aye. has
city water and sewer, 2 electric car lines and
fine school; price $1800; monthly payments as
rent. 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oak-
land. Carriage free. Galindo Tract. H. Z.
JONES, Owner. . - -. ■.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing. ~
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
MODERN cottage; 5 rooms; neatly furnished;
near cars; $18. Apply 32 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. ... ■ , . ■ ..-..-
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD. 
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water:
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 662 Eighth rt.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh at.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA -REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold: owner absent; no reasonable
offer refused; a 2-flat handsome building;
sunny corner; Alameda: splendid artesian
• water. Apply to MRS. NASH. 2033 Eagle aye.,
Alameda. between Willow and Chestnut sts.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location: 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner.. 1612 Chapln st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LOT 50x135. Channlng way, Berkeley.
Fine house. 12 rooms and bath; beautiful
place: sacrifice at $6000.
Lot 50x150; house 4 rooms; 22 full-bearing
apricot trees: sell at $600. '
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner bldg.
EAST Berkeley— sunny corner; street work
done; best street near station; electric cars;
less $20 foot. T. P. STRONG, 460 Ninth St.,
Oakland. f ' ' ' '
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
"property TO exchange.
FOR sale or exchange—House and lot valued
at $4500, mortgage $2000. for good improved
For sale or exchange— and Frultvale
" property,' Improved, for San Mateo, Red- j
wood City or Palo Alto improved; THE
REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner building.
PROPERTY WANTED.
RESIDENCE lot wanted— north or west
side of street, located within boundaries of
Van Ness, Baker, Broadway and Washing-
ton sts. ; not to exceed $3750. Address box 4658,
Call. \ ,
MODERN residence wanted; 7 to 10 rooms;
north or west" side of street, on Pacific or
Presidio Heights; cost not to -exceed $8000; |
State price and any details. Address box
, 4659. Call. ' -
WANTED— To lease fruit ranch 40 acres. Ad-
dress H. FARMER, Woodslde, San Mateo
County. ' ':"-' ■ ' ' - "' ■
20 APPLICANTS for chicken ranches from 5 to
40 acres. Who has one to rent?- Write to
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner bldg.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth; I
tel. South 14. -.- " I
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper, I
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business I
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6'^ per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
HIGHLY respectable ana private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 943 Market St.; tel. Green 204. "
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval- low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
$100 000 TO loan on income city property: $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com. ; private. \ 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, eta. : lowest
rates. T MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st.. bet. Market and Eddy.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN. 1017 to 1022
Mission St., above: Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. : Tel. Mint 182 L
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St.. open evenings. : -
TRUNKS, 25c a mo. other goods at low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones: tel. Sutter 441.
LATE SHIPPING ' INTELLIGENCE
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 19— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, for Hamburg; - stmr 'Friedrich der
Grosse, for Bremen; stmr Mongolian, for Glas-
Gow. <-'..
■ Arrived May • — Stmr Barbarossa, • from
Bremen: stmr Germania, from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 19 — Stmr Teu-
tonic, from New York. ■ - ; -
GENOA— Sailed May 19— Stmr Kaiser Wil-
helm 11. for/New York.
LIVERPOOL— May 19— Stmr Servia.
from New York; stmr Rhyn)»nd, from Phila-
delphia. ; -■■;: - - " "■-■■- ' ' -
LONDON— May 19— Stmr Massachu-
setts, from New York. '.'. ' . :
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 19— Stmr Werken-
iam, from New .. York. ■-'"" ■ .
COPENHAGEN— SaiIed May 17— Stmr Island,
for New. York. :>■• - . : ' ■
PHILADELPRI A— Arrived May 19— Stmr
Nederland, from Antwerp. ,
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
: The following .couples" have been granted
marriage licenses: : ' ,'- ."
. Klriako George and Annie Jones, 45 — 45. •
Francis J. Shribcr and Mary J. Hewitt, 3o— 32. ■
Carl Tolsan. and. Cora': Tyson. 29— 18. »"■ '
John J. Harrje and 1 Catharine Camp, 28— 25.'?'.
E. B. Lancaster and Herculana Rlvas,2l— lS. 1
:: Henry Maret and VWilhelmina Tillebein,sB— 39.-
": Arnold J. I Breuning and ' Mabel Mackie, 36—20.
W. S. ' Ilaggerir.ar. and Lucy Windrow, 27— 21.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS, :\: \
Birth, marriage and ! death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted.; They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have -he same published.
BORN.
AHLBORN— May 18, 1898, to the wife of A. R.
Ahlborn, a son.
BUNKER— = this City. May 19, 1898, to the
wife of W. L. Bunker, a son.
GOETZE— In Petaluma, May 14, 1898, to the
wife of H. Goetze, a son. «
JOOST— In this city. May 14, 1898, to \ the wife
of Albert Joost. a daughter.
KARTSEN— In Petaluma. May 11. IS9S. to the
wife of P. Kartsen. a daughter.
KENDRICK— In Nevada City. May 15. 1893. to
the wife of ' Frank Kendrlck, a daughter. j
MCLAUGHLIN— Coulterville, May 11. 1593,
to the wife of J. McLaughlln, a son.
WINNIP— In Riverside. May 16. IS3S, to the
wife of G. W. Wlnnip. a daughter. : ; '
MARRIED.
AMRATH— In this city. May 18, 1893,
by the Rev. William N. Meserve, Joseph W.
Amrath and Mary E. Gray, both of San
Francisco. -
FRENCH— In this city. April 28.
1898, by - the Rev. Frank J. Ford, Frank C.
French and Lottie L. Wilson, both of San
Francisco.
GIESIN— GRADY— In this city. May 14. 1398,
by the Rev. Frank J. Ford, Antony Giesin
and Mary Grady, both of San Francisco.
HORGAN— In this city, April 19, 1898,
, by the Rev. Father Byrne, George Haub and
Annie R. Horgan, both of San Francisco.
MILLIGAN— CARPENTER— In this city. May
7, ISM, by the Rev. Frank J. Ford. James F.
Milligan and Birdie C. Carpenter, both of San
Francisco.
LOWRY— In this city, May IS, 1893,
by the Rev. Dr. Stebblns, Milan Souls and
Isabel Lowry. " v ' -'
■ DIED. ' ' ' . ' -
Brown. Capt. J. H. Leyden, William *
Benson,Mrs. Mary L. McKenzie. Hugh '
Barry, Eliza M. • Mclnnerney, John J. .
Campbell, Judge J.A. Miller. William
Dailey, William C. Martin, Mathew
Gatto, Louis ■>;.-': Muther. Mary
. Gonsalves. John Netterfleld, Jans
Joseph, Peter . Niblock, Jane
• Lambert, Mrs. N. Remenyi, Edward '
Lehe, Col. Eugene ■ Rowe, Francis
: Lascurettes. Emile Sullivan. . Ellen ,
Lobe, Merten E. . Stock, Edward
Leahy, Timothy Weber, Frit*
:'■? ;.'■' ■■-•;>"*:; ..' ■ Weeks, Mary E.
BROWN— this city. May 17, 1898, Captain
Julian H. Brown, a native of Lenox, Mass.,
aged 48 years.- . . • . . . . . .
The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 9158 Oak street. • . Interment Cypress i
Lawn Cemetery. , > , . : .  - .
BENSON— In this city. May 18, 1898, Mrs. Mary
Louise Benson, beloved sister of Mrs. Eliza
! J. Dickson, and aunt of Mrs. M. L. Rice,
Mrs. J. Wilds, Jennie, Carrie L., Walter.
' Willie and Loralne Dickson and Raymond
Hall, a native of Pittsburg, Pa., aged 65'
yearn 1 month and 14 days.
t tCTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services at 10 o'clock, this
day (Friday), at her late residence. 1212 Clay
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BARRY— this city. May 19. 1898. Eliza Mary,
beloved wife of the late Theodore A. Barry, -
and mother of Alice and Agnes Barry, aged
68 years 11 months and *5 days.
CAMPBELL— In this city. .May 16, 1898, • Judge
James A., beloved husband of Eugenia F.
Campbell, and devoted father of Aleta
• Campbell, a . native of Washington County, ,
■Pa., aged 48 years. .•
■ ETFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the King Solomon's Hall,
, Mascnic Temple, corner of Post and Mont-
gomery streets. Funeral under the auspices
of South San Francisco Lodge No. . 212. F.
and A- .M. Interment . Cypress Lawn Ceme-
. tery. - . . . -
OLD FRIENDS — AH members are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late presdent
of the society, Judge J. A, Campbell, on Sun-
day, May 22, at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple. The society will meet at Old Friends'.
Hall, 14 Third street, at 12:30 o'clock, and
move In a body.
J. E. SLINKEY, Secretary.
DAILEY— In this city, May 18, 1893, William -
C. • Dailey, only son of Emma G. Jamison, .
and brother of Alice M. Dailey, a native of
Los Angeles, Cal., aged 21 years 4 months
and 24 d?.ys.
• (Es"Friehds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. ' 123,
Stockton street, corner of Geary. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GATTO— In this city. May 18. . 1898, Louis, be-
loved husband of Mary Gatto, and lather of
Annie Gatto, a native of Italy, aged 44 years.
GONSALVES— Near Petaluma, May 15, 189S;
' John ; Gonsalves, husband of the late Mary .
R. Gonsalves, a native of Azores, aged 77
years. : . ...... . .
JOSEPH— Petaluma, May. 16, 189S, Peter
Joseph, a native of Portugal, aged 59 years.
LAMBERT— In this city, May 16, 1898, Nora,
beloved wife of Pierre Lambert, a native of
Waterford, Ireland, aged 46 years.
tDTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at ■■ 9:30 o'clock, ■ from the • parlors
. •of J. - S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue.-
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
dcs Victoires. Bush street, where a high re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
LEHE— In this city. May 19. 1893, Colonel En-
gene, beloved husband of Henrietta Lehe.
and father of Eugene. D. N. and Henrietta
.Lehe, Mrs. E. A. Canfleld of Sacramento and
Mrs. Adele Stockwell, a native of New York,
. aged 57 years. (Sacramento papers please
capy). , . .- , . • ■" . :
CyFuneral at Stockton Sunday at 3 o'clock
i from the First Baptist Church.
LASCURETTES— In Oakland, May 19, 1898,
Emile, beloved son of John and Mary Las-
curettes, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year 7
months and 8 days.
LOBE— Seattle, May 17. 189*. Merten E.. be-
loved son of Rosa and Emile Lobe, a native
of San Francisco, aged 10 years and 10 days.
LEAHY— In this city. May 19. 1898. Timothy
Leahy, a native of Ireland, aged 83 years.
LEV DEN— the City and County Hospital,
May 19, 1898. ' William Leyden. a native of
California, aged 25 years.
McKENZIE— In this city. May 19. 1898, Hugh
5 McKenzie, a native of Canada, aged 45 years.
***" E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
" (Friday), .at 3 o'clock, from the • parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 635 Washington street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. -
McINNERNEY— In this city. May IP, 1898, John
J., beloved husband of Bridget Mclnnerney.
and father of Mary, John, Margaret, Thomas
and James Mclnnerney, a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 50 years.
MILLER— In this city. May 19. 1898, William,
beloved husband of the late Magdalena Miller,
and father of John C, William H. and
George E. Miller, a native of Edinburgh.
Scotland, aged 65 years 8 months and 2 days.
(T~The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1759 Sutter street. Interment I. O. C.
■ F. Cemetery. Plensc omit flowers. t
MARTIN— In this city. May 18, 1898, Mathew,
beloved father of Winnie and Alfred Martin,
.Mrs. Lee ambers. Annie Conway. ,
MUTHER— In the City and County Hospital.
May 19, 1808, Mary Muther, a native of
Switzerland, aged' 27 'years. .' '.
NETTERFIELD— In this city, May 19, IS9B,
Jane; - beloved wife of Thomas Netterfleld.
and beloved aunt of Mrs. T. H. Marks, Mrs.
' M. I. Lynch, Mrs." William Smith. Jane and
Thomas Murtha, a native of Ireland, ' aged 90
years."
NT BLOCK— In this city. May 19, 1898, Jane,
beloved wife of J. Niblock, . and mother of
Sarah,' Martha and Levina May Niblock, a
native of England, aged 50 years. M
REMENYI— this city. May 15, 1893, Edward
• Remenyi. a native of Hungary, aged 64
years. ■ -.:",•
E~Friends and acquaintances and members
- of the Musicians'. Union are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Friday),
at 3 o'clock, from B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy street.
Interment New York Cemetery.
ROWE— In this city. May 19. 1393. Francis, be-
loved son of George and Annie Rowe, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 5 days. . \
SULLIVAN— In this city. May IS, .1393, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Sullivan, a native of
the parish of Enniskeen. ■ County Monaghan,
• Ireland, aged 70 years. :/,
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are ■■ respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30- o'clock, from her .ate resi-
dence, 514 Natoma street, thence to St.. Pat-
rick's Church, where a .solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated . for the repose of her soul,
■commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
CalvAry Cemetery. .. . . '?
STOCK— In this city. May 19, 1898, Edward, -
beloved father of Edward, R., William.: A.
3 and^harles Stock and j Mrs. J. C. Wuthrich; ..
.a native of Germany,'- aged 60 years." .
(T^Friend's and ■ acquaintances are respect- .-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. Interment
■ I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■, • -...-- -
WEBER— In this city. May 18. 1898.- Fritz, be- .
loved; husband of Margarethe Weber, ; and -:
father of Fritz and Elsie Weber, a native of r--
Germany, ; aged 47 years and 6 months. ■ v
ETFriends and acquaintances and- members
of Court Hubertus, F. . O. A., are respect-
fully Invited to i attend " the funeral this day
■" (Friday), 'at 2 o'clock, • from his late • resi-
dence, ISA i McLea > court, . off * Ninth street, r
between Bryant . and Harrison. Interment '
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. v
WEEKS— Valley Ford, May 15. 1898, Mary
E.. beloved - wife 'of : William Weeks, and '
mother of Mrs. J. H. Jenkines and 'William
and Sam Weeks, aged 58 years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, B V
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMBALMEB3 I
20 iITTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln 8ah«»l. ; 'I ,
•-"■■''-•- Telephone. South Bol ■> 7 - : "- - 1
% ' - " "■——■-■
- .H. B. m'avoy. iianager. • ■ ■
yVIcPL\/O"V dfc CO., \
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.MBR& I.
...;;;.' • 1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. -»■ I
: .. ,s Telephone. South 247. jj
1112
HER CHARMS
COST HIM
HIS PLACE
J. W. Hinkel Now Out
of a Job.
HE LOVED NOT WISELY.
A GRASS WIDOW CAUSES HIS
DOWNFALL.
He Took Her for a Drire anc
Both Were Arrested on
Charges of Drunk
enness.
J. W. Hinkel, collector for a well
known real estate firm, now wishes he
had not become smitten with the charms
of Mrs. Mary Ruhling. a dashing grass
wldow, who a short time ago left her
husband In the East and came to this
city. In an evil moment Hinkel, who Is
the son of the well-known contractor,
met the woman and invited her to accom
pany him to the Cliff House. They had
several bottles of wine and were in a
hilarious condition when they started to
drive hack to the city.
While driving through the park their
horse became unmanageable and ran
away. Park Officer Arellaes gave chase.
and with the aid of a lariat succeeded in
stopped the maddened animal. Hinkel
showed a deposition to be ugly and
accused the officer of being too "fresh,"
and becoming incensed at his remarks,
Arellaes placed him under arrest.
At this Juncture Mrs. Ruhling became
belligerently indignant, and dared the
policeman to arrest the gay collector.
"You shall not take him away," she
declared. "Touch him at your peril."
Arellaes blew his whistle, which was
answered by two of his fellow-officers,
and, after a short struggle, the policemen
finally succeeded in arresting the couple.
They were then diyven to the O'Farrell
street station, where they were charged
with being drunk.
Hinkel had $17;> 80 on him, and he offered
to put up the amount to secure his re
lease. Tne desk sergeant, however, re
fused to discharge him until he had be
come sober.
A: tor being thrown into a cell Hinkel
pent for his employer, and explaining his
predicament begged his assistance. His
employer consented to furnish the nee
. ssary amount of bail, but positively re
fused to assist the woman in regaining
her freedom. But Hinkel would not ac
cept his offer, declaring that he would
rather die than desert his fair companion.
ral hours later Hinkel and the
woman were released on $10 bail, which
was taken from the amount found in the
collector's pockets.
Through the efforts of several friends
Hinkel on the following day had the cases
against him and Mrs. Ruhling dismissed.
After learning the facts of tne disgrace
ful episode. Hinkel's employer sent nim a
note informing him that his services were
no longer n quired.
Mr?. Ruhling gave her address as
Haight street, near Buchanan, but in
quiry in that neighborhood failed to re
veal her whereabouts.
IN COMMEMORATION
OF THE ASCENSION
SOLEMN SERVICES IN THE
CATHOLIC CHURCH.
Masses Are Solemnized the Same as
on Sundays With Vespers and
Benediction in the
Evening.
Ascension Day. in honor of the ascen-
Flon of Christ forty days after the resur
rection, was solemnized in the Catholic
churches throughout the city yesterday.
It being a holy day of obligation, services
were observed the same as on Sunday,
with the exception that the sermon which
Is preached at high mass on the Sabbath,
Jn many churches was omitted. At St
Jsratius Cathedral, however, an address
was delivered both at high mass and at
all vespers.
At St. Mary's Cathedral the regular
Sunday service with the omission or the
sermon was held. At the high mass at
o'clock the Rev. Father Hanuigan
eOiriated as celebrant, being assisted by
members of the clergy and acolytes. The
altar and sanctuary decoration" consisted
of pure white artificial and natural
Jiowers, and myriads of wax candles. The
;it tendance at all the churches was un
usually large.
BETT7RN OF J. C. STUBBS.
The Passenger Rate Differences of
the Western Roads No. Yet
Adjusted.
J. C. Stubbs, third vice-president of the
Southern Pacific Company, returned from
his Eastern trip Wednesday night. Mr.
Stubbs denied the published report that
he had left to attend the meeting of the
FrMght Traffic Bureau in Milwaukee. The
object of his trip was to attend a meet-
Ing in St. Louis for the purpose of reor
ganizing the Southwestern Traffic As
sociation of Texas. The meeting did not
take place on account of lack of a
Quorum and Mr. Stubbs immediately went
to Chicago, to be present at a meeting of
the executive officers of the western
roads, for the purpose of discussing the
passenger rate reduction inaugurated by
the Canadian Pacific, and if possible ar
rive at some amicable adjustment of the
differences. The last-named railway did
not send a representative, for the reason
that J. M. Hill of the Northern Pacific
would not go to St. Louis to enter the
conference. "The matter," said Mr.
Stubbs, "is now where it originally stood,
and it does not appear as if there would
be an early settlement of the difficulty. I
understand that the Canadian Pacific had
expressed a willingness to surrender the
differentials enjoyed by them on freight
traffic at the Milwaukee meeting, but
they evidently do not choose to do so in
regard to the passenger traffic, as their
absence from the St. Louis meeting would
imply. 1 am unable to state what the
outcome will be. and I feel that my trip
wa.s somewhat barren of result."
CAMPBELLS SUCCESSOR.
The Nephew of the Late Jurist Enters
the Race.
Archibald Campbell, nephew of the late
Judge Campbell, is the latest candidate
in the field for the place vacated by the
deceased jurist. "Archie." as he is famil
iarly known, has a host of friends who
arc striving hard to have the Supervisors
appoint him his uncle's successor. At
torneys Mogan, Spinetti and Gavigan are
In the fight, and each is confident
of victory.
The friends of Archie Campbell claim
• mlnentiy qualified to fill the posi
tion, and on account of his relationship
to the late Judge should be given the
place.
Jennie Kean Scores a Point.
The charge of assault with a deadly
weapon preferred by Jesus Borboa, pro
r of the Spanish-American Hotel on
Geary street, against Miss Jennie Kean,
one of his roomers, was dismissed by-
Judge Low yesterday, as there was no
evidence to show that Jennie had done
anything but exhibit the hatchet in a
threatening manner. She was Imme
diately arrested nn a charge of malicious
mischief for breaking in the door of her
room, and was released on her own recog
nizance.
!*"-• our G eyeglasses. 710 Market A 11 Geary.
GOOD DOGS ON THEIR GOOD BEHAVIOR.
Beauty Turned Out in Great Numbers Yesterday to View the
Beasts at the Kennel Club's Show.
THE San Francisco Kennel Club was
highly pleased yesterday with the at
tendance which showed a marked In
crease over the opening day of the
bench show. Last evening the ladles were
well represented among the visitors. The
dogs that caught the eye of the fair ones
were the fox terriers, spaniels and pugs.
The pug cannot be classed as a beauty un
less the part bulldog nose and the "what
do-you-think-about-me" look, which is
decidedly inquisitive, are accepted as
points in value and sweetness, which only
the pug apparently commands.
Much interest was manifested yesterday
afternoon in the judging of pointers and
setters and the owners of dogs that cap
tured blue ribbons were elated when the
judge handed them the winning colors.
The decision giving the ribbon to the beau
tiful and stylish young pointer Alex C
over Calamity Kennel's Lock was a fea
ture of the judging that was appreciated
by breeders of sporting t*ogs.
Considerable discussion resulted yester
day among the fanciers of the greyhound
concerning the capture of the blue ribbon
by Skyball over several competitors
which were expected to easily defeat Sul
livan's latest addition to his kennel. Of
course there were many beautiful dogs
in his company but all dogs cannot be
prize winners.
The collies are an excellent lot, and
when they were "shot" yesterday after
noon by a camera artist as they stood in
line facing the marksman, much laughter
resulted when the flash startled the dogs
in all directions, but the intelligent ani
mals soon detected the joke, and with
wagging of tails they returned to their
handlers evidently pleased with the sur
prise accorded to them by the photo
grapher.
The show will doubtless attract thou
sands of people to-day and to-morrow.
Dogs of high quality and many of them
valued at thousands of dollars cannot be
seen every day. Apart from the oppor
tunity of patting canines that have won
laurels at all of the great bench shows
held in America and Canada la recent
years, the public should not forgot that
the proceeds will be devoted to the cause
of charity, and that fact alone should at
tract large gatherings of ladies and gen
tlemen to the pavilion.
THE JUDGING.
Result of the Second Day's
Work in the Ring.
Judfiringr began at 10 a. m. and continued
until 1 o'clock. At 2 o'clock the judge re
sumed his labors, and at 5 judging was
concluded for the (Jay.
Greyhounds were a fine lot, so fine, in
deed, that comparlsans among the win
ners are well-nigh invidious.
in puppies, dogs and bitches, Petronius '
and Clare B were alone and received first ■
prizes. Both are fair speclments. In \
novice dogs. Dr. Norman is the best look- ■;
ing dog and received the blue ribbon, and <
I OGrady and Fear Not were properly |
served with red and white.
In novice bitches, Beatrice was first,
being head and shoulders in front of
Black Patti. In limit dogs, Skyball was
first without a rival; in bitches. Minnie j
E received the first prize, no other ribbon '
being awarded.
In open dogs. Sunol, second, should
most certainly have been placed over
Pretender, the winner, who is flashy look
ing, but lacks in chest and hindquarters.
In open bitches, the famous Nellie Con
roy could not possibly have lost, though
Diana, third, might well have changed
places with Mercy May, the second bitch.
The winner's prize fell to Sky ball, and
justly so, but Sunol should have been
placed in reserve instead of Pretender.
In the winners, bitches, the prize fell ;
rightly to Nellie Conroy, with Beatrice i
properly reserved.
American foxhounds were a small class, i
but select. The puppies were well judged. 1
Major, the first, being a typical hound. i
The same may be said of the blue-ribbon
puppy bitch, Dinah. Her competitors,
though fair, were both inferior to her in
every respect.
In Borzois Russian wolfhounds, one !
kennel of six was exhibited. Saladin, a :
dog, received the tricolored winner's rib- ;
bon, and Czarina, his- litter sister, was ,
reserved.
In bloodhounds, the famous champion
Buckshot II was beaten by his own pup, !
Ben Butler, who was first in the winners' ;
class, his little sister, Madge, being
awarded reserve.
One fair specimen of the Chesapeake !
Bay was shown, the bitch Bessie receiv
ing first open and winner's.
Pointers were a large entry. Mr. Bell's !
decisions In this class were above criti
cism. Glendale, in puppy : dogs, was I
placed first over Van Dyke, excelling the
latter in head and marking.
In novice dogs over 55 pounds, Don G i
was an easy winner, between Duke of !
Tyrol and Cliff was just a toss up for j
second place.
In novice bitches over 50 pounds Fan
nette was alone, and received the blue '
ribbon. She is a decidedly good bitch, and
would win out in good company.
The English setter class is one of the
finest ever seen on this coast, but Judge
Bell's decisions were not quite as perfect
as in some other breeds.
Irish setters were a large and fairly ■
good class.
That rattling good dog Champion Nemo !
II captured the winners' prize, the reserve i
going to Jesse Moore Whisky. The
bitches were properly served with Lady
Inroelleo first and Champion Lightning re
serve.
In Gordon setters the winner was Dick i
111. who should, however, most : certainly i
have yielded pride of place to Major 11,
who is a far better dog, with more type i
and character.
The bitch Jewell was rightly adjudged
the winner over Belle M reserve.
The field trial. prize fell to Aleck C, who
; properly beat Lock and Dash Antonio. In
the bitches Countess X should have re
ceived first, being a better bitch than the
much vaunted Peach Mark, who is greatly
overrated. •
Irish water spaniels • were few in num
ber. Dan Maloney was rightly placed
winner of the dogs and Belle March of the
bitches.
In field spaniels Rondo, won out easily
I in the winners' class for dogs; no bitches
I were shown.
Cocker spaniels made a powerful show-
Ing, but were much of a sameness.
In black - dogs, under twenty-eight
pounds, Dufferin Pastime was rightly ad-
Judged winner over Pedro, reserve; in the
bitches, Polly. Pastime captured the red,
white and blue. -
In bitches, others than black, under
twenty-eight pounds. Banner Trilby beat
Lassie Jean for the - winners' prize, the
latter receiving reserve.
, The only kicker was Dr. Ed Dial of San
Luis Oblspo. who claimed that Mr. Bell
was not judging : strictly according to
standard. • . ."■■ - . .... ... '.-.-, ,
J. "W. Burrell judged the collies with
great discernment. Alto Clifton | won In
puppy dogs, beating Verona Captive: In
head and coat. The other competitors
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 20, 1898.
were not in it.
Gauby Girl beat Shadeland Quean In
puppy bitches on the same grounds.
In novice dogs Verona Approbation was
but a shade better in markings than
Goldfine, otherwise it was about a match.
The others were well placed.
In bitches Verona Artistic deserved her
success.
In the limit dogs Verona Braw Scot was
successful, and in bitches Verona Bonnie
Brae repeated her San Jose success, beat
ing the imported Heather Molly with ease.
In open dogs Braw Scot scored again,
and Bonnie Brae in bitches.
The winners' class was a foregone con
clusion. Braw Scot receiving the prize for
dog with Approbation reserve, and Bon
nie Brae carrying off the bitches 1 ribbon,
with Artistic in reserve. The reserve in
the bitches should, however, have been
awarded to Heather Molly, who excels
Artistic in head, coat and markings.
J. P. NORMAIS.
Awards Made.
The awards were as follows:
GREYHOUNDS.
Novice, dogs-First. R. C. Scott. Pan Fran
cisco, L>r. Norman: reserve, K. V bullivan,
Menlo Park. Flying Faster: third, t, \ .
Sullivan, Fear Not: H. C, E. V Sullivan;
; B V. Sullivan. OGrady. Bitches— H.
c Un P a. Williams, Clare B; second. Fred
Ma< k Kan Francisco. Black I'attl; nrst,
Calamity kennels, Beatrice.
Limit, dews— First, E. V. Sullivan. Skyball:
second F. V Sullivan. Snapshot: third. E. V.
Sullivan. False Flatterer; re-erve. S. E
Portal. Gallagher; V. H. C. E. Scott. Lord
Byron' A' H. C E V. Sullivan. Mlramonte;
V. H'C ', F.. V. Sullivan. Jester. Bitches-
First. P. A. Williams, San Francisco, Mln
" Open dog? -First. E. V. Sullivan. Pretender;
second! Dillon & Reilly. Ingleside Coursing
Park San Francisco. Sunol: third. Pasha ken
nels Pirrsond, Cal.. Imp. Firm Friend. Bitches
—First, John Grace, San Francisco. Nellie
Conroy; second, K. V. Sullivan. Mercy May;
third " Kay & Trant. San Francisco. Diana:
V H C, P. A. Williams, Minnie E; V. H.
C, K. V. Sullivan, Rocklln Belle; reserve.
Kay & Trant, San Francisco, Crosspatch; re
serve. Kay & Trant, Sylvia.
Winners, dogs— First. E. V. Sullivan. Sky
ball" reserve, E. V. Sullivan, Pretender;
Bitches— First, John Grace, Nellie Conroy; re
serve, Calamity kennels, Pleasanton, Cal.,
Beatrice.
AMERICAN FOXHOUNDS.
Puppies, dogs— First, J. B. Arzt. San Fran
cisco Major: second. William F. Hopkins,
Highland Springs. Cal., Clem; third, F. W.
Sanderson, ban Francisco, General Moltke 11.
Bitches— First, William F. Hopkins, Highland
Springs, Cal., Dinah; second. Olinda fox
hound kennels, Moilie M; third, Charles Ross,
San Francisco, Guess.
Novices, dogs— First, Olinda Foxhound kf-n
' nels Clay: second. Olinda Foxhound kennels.
Ring Bitches— First. G. E. Stewart. San
Francisco, yueen S; second, Q. E. Stewart,
Sun Francisco. LJllie; third, Olinaa Foxhound
kennels, Llndy.
Limit, dogs— First. J. H. Fisher Jr.. San
Francisco. Max; second, Olinda Foxhound
kennels, Dan; third. Olinda Foxhound kennels.
Jim; H. C, H. P. Nelson. Alameda, Cal.,
Rover. Bitches— First, H. P. Nelson. Alameda,
Queen N; second. O. X Stewart. San Fran
cisco, Queen S: third, Olinda Foxhound ken
nels. Dora; V. 11. C., Fred Baltzer. San Fran
cisco, Queene; C, Olinda Foxhound kennels,
Dora.
Open, dogs— First, W. S. Kittle, Pan Fran
ri.'.i. !>ri\e: second, Olinda Foxhound kennels.
General M.ltke; third, Olinda Foxhound ken
nels. Sport; H. <.'.. Dr. E. A. I>ial, San Lvi?
Obispo. Cal. Gabriel. Bitches— First, George
E Stewart, San Francisco. Queen S; second,
." l\i«a kennels. Cnlusa. CaL, Tune: third,
Olinda Foxhound kennels, champ B 11.
Wlnnvrs-, dogs— First, W. S. Kittle, San Fran
ci-'-o. Dii\e: reserve. J. H. Fisher Jr., .vm
Francisco, Max Bitches— First. H. >J . ::»i^:.
Alameda. Qi eer. N; reserve, Georje B. Stew-
Brt, Ovt-en E.
RUSSIAN WOLFHOUNDS.
Pupr'es. dogs and bitches— First. Robert N.
'. . :i. Ar.'irgtor place. Riverside, Cal.. Czir
im: Bectndf R. N. Allen, Riverttde. < si..
ivar- third, R. N. Allen. Riverside, Cal., Raz
hr. . 1 H. <"., R- N. Allen, River ji V», <r...
L..' :.
. does and bitches— First, R. N. Allen.
Riverside County, CaL, Saladin; second, R. N.
Alien. Riverside, Cal.. Naska.
Winners, d-gs and hitches— First, R. N. Al
len, Riverside. Cal.. Saladin; reserve, R. N. Al
len, Riverside County, Cal., Czarina,
BLOODHOUNDS.
Limit, bitches— Mt. Shasta Kennels,
| Frultvale, Cal., Lady Madge: second, Mt. Shas-
I ta Kennels. Frultvale. Cal., Lady Hilda.
i Open, dogs— First. Mt. Shasta Kennels, Frult
vale, <"al.. Ben Butler; second. Mt. Shasta Ken
: Dels. Fruitvale, Cal . Champion Buckshot 11.
Winners, dogs and bitches — First. Mt. Shasta
Kennels. Fruitvale Cal.. Ben Butler; reserve,
Mt. Shasta Kennels, Frultvale, Cal., Lady
' Madpe.
CHESAPK.' BAT DOGS.
i Open, bitches— First, Herman N. Lange, San
I Francisco, Bessie.
Winners, Miches— First. Herman N. Lange,
' Ban Francisco, Bessie.
POINTERS.
Puppies, dogs— -William Ringrose. San
I Francisco, Glendale; second, E. H. Pierce,
i Berkeley. Van Dyke.
vice, dogs, 55 pounds or over— First, E. H.
1 Glad win, San Francisco, Don G: second, Ben
jamin .T. Brun, San Francisco. Duke of Tyrol
third. Lewis Herzog. San Francisco, Cliff.
Bitches, 60 pounds or over— First, Webster
! Jones. San Francisco, Fannette. Dogs, under
55 pounds— First, W. S. Tevis, Bakersfleld, Cal.,
Cuba of Kenwood; second,' Breldensteln Bros..
! San Francisco, Christmas. Bitches, under 55
! pounds— First, Ney L. Donovan, Santa Rosa,
Cal.. Queen; second, Charles Klein, San Fran
cisco. Susie K. .
Limit. dogs, under 55 pounds— First. E. V.
Sullivan, Menlo Park. Ashbury; second. W. S.
Tevis Bakersfleld, Cal., Cuba of Kenwood;
third." Kimball & Upson. Sacramento, Cal.,
Jack- reserve. F. P. Butler. San Francisco,
! Jefferson. Bitches, under 50 pounds— First. A.
B. Truman, San Francisco, Cricket of Crox
t< t);.
Open, docs under 55 lbs. — First. Lucas &
Calvin. San K&fael, Cal., Aleck C; second, ".
V. Sullivan. Ashbury; third. W. S. Tevis. Ba
kersfleld, Cal.. Cuba of Kenwood; reserve,
Klmball & Vpson. Sacramento. Cal., Jack: V.
H. C.f F. P. Butler, San Francisco, Jefferson.
Bitches under 50 lbs.— First. Yosemlte kennels.
[ Jamestown, Cal., Paul Croxteth C; second, . !
l A. B. Truman, San Francisco. ' Cricket of
Croxteth; third, E. Connell, . Novato. Cal.,
Queenie. Open, dogs 65 lbs." or over — First, Al
Barker. San Francisco, Jos. D: second/Lucas
& Calvin, San Rafael. Cal., Whiskers. Bitches
—50 lbs. or over— First. George : Neale. Sacra
mento. Cal.. Queen N: second, Lucas & Calvin.
San Rafael, Cal., Saddle Bags;: third. Dr. J.
M. Qulgley, San Francisco, Flora: reserve, H.
C. Golcher, San Francisco. Beuiah. .:- ■.--..!
Winners, dogs. 55 lbs. or ■ over— First, Lucas
& Calvin. San -Rafael, Cal . Aleck C; reserve.
E. V. Sullivan. Menlo Park. Cal.. Ashbury.
Bitches — First. George Neale, Sacramento,
Cal., Queen N: reserve. Webster Jones,'. San
Francisco. Fannette. Dogs under 55 lbs.— First,
Al Barker. East San Jose, Cal.. Joe D. Bitches
First, Ney L. Donovan. Santa Rosa, ' Cal.,
Queen. ENGLTSII SETTERS.
ENGLISH SKTTERS.
Puppies, dogs— First, A. Decourtleux, San j
j Francisco. Spot Cash: second. R. K. Gardi
ner. East Oakland, Cal.. Val Mark. Bitches—
First, Max Abrams, San Francisco, . Dolly V;
second, T. Geddes. San Francisco. ..White
Wings G; third, Albert Betz, San Francisco,
Merry Heart. • -- - t ,-".:'■• -.
Novice, dogs— I John J. Dougherty, San
Francisco, j Keystone R: second. William ■ Lar
sen San Francisco, Monterey;., third.-* S. H.
Flshbeck. Alameda, Cal., Roy .F. Bitches—
First, W. ,M. Fltzslmmons, Oakland, . Queen
Bess: second. W. B. Coutts. Kenwood, Cal.;
Hope's LM: third. C. M. Fisher. San Fran
cisco, Queenie; reserve, A. CHughlll. Ala
meda, " Cal. . Fawn 'H : .V.- H. C. , Joseph Shep
eton. San " Francisco, Alfanita. ■■
Limit, dogs— First, Calamity ■ Kennels, Pleas
anton, Cal.. Lock: second, E. V. Sullivan, Men
l^Park, . Cal., . Daeh Antonio: • third. California
Kennels, Sacramento, Cal.. Merry Monarch; re
serve, L. Parisot, Pan Francisco, Sport Jr.;
V. H. C., W. Wood Sacramento, Cal.. Prince.
Bitches -First. E. V. Sullivan, Menlo Park,
Cal.. Peach Mark; second, C. M. Fisher. San
Francisco. White Win^s; third. Thomas R.
Dtxoa, San Francisco, Fall: reserve, Verona
Kennels, San Francisco, r>aisy Craft: H. C.
W. R. Hervey, San (Francisco, Wanda H.
Open, dogs— First Calamity Kennels, rieas
anton, Cal., Prince: second, California K.-n
nels, Sacramento, Merry Monarch; third, N*. K.
Boyd, San Francisco. Young Luke: reaerv c. H.
S Scut. Pan Francisco, C^unt of Monte Cristo;
V. H. C, W. Wood. Sacramento. Prince.
Bitches— First. R. K. Gardiner, East Oakland,
Saver G; second, Phil Wand, San Francisco,
Flora W: third, E. V. Sullivan. Menlo Park,
Peach Mark; V. H. C. Verona Kennels, San
Francisco, Daisy Craft.
Winners, do^s— First. Calamity kennels
Pleasanton, Cal., Lock; reserve. J. J. Dough
erty, San Francisco, Keystone R. Bitches—
First, W. M. Fitzmaurice, Ea?t .Oakland,
Queen Bess; reserve, R. K. Gardiner, East
Oakland, Saver OJ.
IRISH SETTERS.
Puppies, dogs — First, r.us Lane, San Fran
cisco, Pilot B. Bitches— First, Dv Val Moore,
San Francisco, Queen Bess; second, George '
Neale, Sacramento, Cal., Nlda Swlveler.
Novice, dors— First. Winfleld Scott, San
Francisco, Jesse Moore Whisky. Bitches— j
First. Captain J. L. Waller, San Francisco, !
Queen 111.
Limit, dogs— First, Winfleld Scott, Pan Fran
cisco, Jesse Moore Whisky; second, Elcho ken- ;
nels, A. B. Truman, San Francisco. Mike T
H; third, Milton D. Garrett. San Francisco,
Glentnore Sultan; H. C, Ed Kreiss, San ,
Francisco, Rex. Bitches First. Elcho ken- j
nels. A. B. Truman. Sun Francisco, 'Lady
Sniveler: second. Mis? R. de Vaull, San Fran- !
Cisco, Sappho: third, W. E. Chute. San Fran
cisco, Nlda: V. H. C, F. T. Keene, San Fran
cisco. Lightning C.
Open, dogs— First. Elcho kennels. A. B. Tru- j
man, San Francisco, Champion Nemo II: sec- j
ond. G. B. M. Gray. Oakland. Cal.. Lad of
Glenmnre. Bitches— First. Elcho kennels, A.
B. Truman, San Francisco, Champion Light- ;
ning.
Winners, does— First. Klcoo kennels. A. B.
Truman, San Francisco, Champion Nemo II;
reserve, Winfleld Scott, Pan Francisco, Jesse
Moore Whisky. Bitches— First. Elcho kennels.
A. B. Truman. San Francisco, Lady Sniveler;
reserve. Elcho kennels. A B. Truman, San
Francisco, Champing Lightning.
GORDON SETTERS.
Puppies, dogs— First. Mrs. N. H. Hlckman.
San Francisco. Major H.
Novice bitches— First. J. H. W. Muller.
Fitch nur*r. Cal.. Belle M.
Open, dogs— First. F. A. Elliot. San Fran
cisco, Dick 111. Bitches— First. J. M. Van
dall, San Francisco, Jewel: second. Charles E.
S. Dunlevy, Oakland, Queen Bess.
Winners, dogs— First, F. A. Elliot, San Fran
cisco, Dick III; reserve. Mrs. N. H. Hickman,
San Francisco, Major 11. Bitche9— Firsk J.
M. Vandal, Pan Francisco, Jewell; res*Vve,
J. H. W. Muller, Fltchburg. Cal.. Belle M.
FIELD TRIALS CLASS.
Dors— First. Lucas & Calvin, San P.afael,
Aleck C: second, Calamity Kennels, Pleasanton.
Lock; third. E. V. Sullivan, Menlo Park, Dash
Antonio. Bitches— First, E. V. Sullivan, Menlo
Park, Peach Mark: second, Verona Kennels,
San Francisco, < 'ountess K.
IRISH WATER SPAXIELS.
Puppies, dogs nrst, J. W. Sail, San Fran
cisco, Dennis O'Brien.
Limit, bitches- First. W. H. Williams. San
Francisco. Rosie O'Orady.
Open, dogs— First, W. H. William!'. San Fran
■ in MsJoney. Bitches — First,
W. H. Williams, San Francisco. Belle Marsh.
Winners, does— First. W. H. Williams. San
Francisco, Champion Dan Maloney. Bitches —
First. W. H. Williams. San Francisco. Belle
Marsh.
FIELD SPANIELS.
Puppies, dogs— Kirst. Mrs. A. F. Marsh. San
Francisco. Rond'>.
Limit, dogs— First, C. Leonard. Stockton.
Tom Bawyer.
Open, dogs- First. M. J. Church. Oakdale.
Fowler: second, David J. Reily, San Fran
cisco. Juke R.
Winners, dops— First, Mrs. A. F. Marsh, San
Francisco, I:
COCKER SPANIELS (NOT OVER 2S
I'> >INDS) BLACK.
Puppies, dogs— First. Mrs. G. C. Ralston,
Oakland, Viking; second, C. I^eonard, Stock
ton. Buzz Silk. Bitches— First. Mrs. E. F.
Beck. San Francisco, Lady Thornhill.
Novice, dogs First, Mrs. Webster Jones, Pan
Franc - -■- nd, J. E. Lewis, San
Francisco, imp. Fly: third. W. C. Duf»-s. San
Francisco, Silver D. Bitches— First, Mrs.
Adalr, San Francisco, Lassie .'
Limit, dogs— First. H. A. Weeener. San
Francisco. Dufferin Pastime: second. C. Leon
ard, Stockton. Cal., Buzz Silk: third, David
Winders. Stockton. Cal.. Plttsburg Tommy; 11.
c., Oakland iVi'-ker kennels, Oakland. Wood
bine Prince. Bitches— First, H. A. Wegener,
San Francisco. Peg Woffington.
Open, (logs— First. TI A. Wegener, San Fran
cisco. Champion Havoc; second. E. C. Plume.
San Francisco, Champion Viscount: third, W.
G. Dupes. San Francisco. Polly Pastime.
Winners, dogs— First. H. A. Wegener, San
Francisco, Dnfferin Pastime; reserve. Mrs.
Webster Jones, -»n Francisco, Fedm. Bitches
-First. 11. A. W.-gener. San Francisco. Po..y
Pastime.
i COCKER SPANIELS. OTHER THAN BLACK.
Puppies, doss— First, H. A. Werner. San '
i Francisco, Colorado; second, S. B. Husklns,
Stockton, Oil.. Sydney H: third. E. G. Schmle- j
dell. San Francisco. Chan Toey: H. C. E. J. |
McCutcheon. San Francisco, Coupon. Bitches |
—First, Mrs. E. G. Pchmiedell, San Fran- j
cisco, Viscountess : second. Thornhtll kennels, |
Frultvale. Cal.. Thnrnhill Xur*et.
Cocker spaniels, not over 28 pounds— First, ;
Oakside Kennels. San Francisco. Oakside Lady.
Limit. doss— H. A. Wejrener. San Fran
i Cisco. Colorado: second. George H. Pnell, Stock
< ton. Cal.. Cracker Jack: third, James Lake, San
Francisco, Prince B. Bitches— First, 11. A. ;
We*ener. San Francisco. Tootsy W.
I Open, doffs— First. H. A. Wegener, San Fran
| cisco. Colorado: second. Mrs. J. E. Poak,
i Stockton. Champion Royal Dandy: third.
i Thornhll! Kennels. Fruitvale, Knight of Los
j Angeles: H. C. E. J. McCutcheon. San Fran
' cisco, Coupon: V. H. C. K. G. Schmledell. San
' Francisco, Chan Toey. Bitches— First." Swiss
■ Mountain Kennels. Germantown. Pa.. Banner ;
; Trilby: second. Mrs. E. G. Schmledell. San ■
. Francisco. Viscountess.
Winners, doss— First, Swiss Mountain Ken
i nels; Germantown. Pa.. Banner Trilby: reserve,
: Mrs. Adair, San Francisco. Lassie Jean.
COLLIES.
.. Puppies. do*s— First, O. J. Albee, Lawrence,
Cal., Alto Clifton .Tr: 'second. Crelini? & Keat
inp. Pleasanton, Cr]., Verona Captive: third,
ißancho Bonita kennels. Stewart & Son, Aro
mas, Cal.. Salsrhter- ■ reserve. William Letts
Oliver. Oakland. Don Juan : V. H. . C. Dr. H.
C Brown, San Jose ral.. Clifton S. . Bitches —
First, Mr?. J. A. Groom. Sausalito. Cal.. Gaiety
Girl: second. Rancho Ronlta kennels, Aromas,
Cal.. Shadeland Oueen. ■
■ Novice, dogs— First, Verona .kennels. San
Francisco. Verona Approbation: second, O. J.
Albee. Lawrence. Cal Goldflne: third, .J. 'L.
Mitchell. Pan Francisco, Sandy II : reserve, i
: Mrs. J. C. Berret. San Jose, Cal.: Bonnie \
Duke; V. H. C. J. B. Elliot. San : Francisco. j
Joe. Bitches— First, Verona ' kennels. " San
Francisco, Verona Artistic: second 0. , J. Al- I
bee. ' Lawrence, Cal.. Queen's Bounty: third, j
Montgomery Godley, San Francisco, Zee. . *
Limit, does— First, Verona kennels.- San
Francisco. Verona Bra w Scot: second. Verona
"kennels. San Francisco. Verona Approbation;
third. John I. Mitchell, San Francisco. Sandy
H. Bitches— First. Verona kennels. San Fran
cisco. Verona Bonnie Brae: second. Verona
kennels, San Francisco.' Heather Molly: third,
: Verona kennels, San Francisco, » Verona Ar
tistic. - -...<-.. ;-, ■■- . . - ■-.'. ''■.- '
Open, dops— First. Verona kennels. • San Fran
cisco, Verona -Braw Scot: second,, Verona ken- |
nels. ■■: Pan • Francisco, Verona j Approbation; ■
third, John' L. Mitchell.' San Francisco." Sandy
H; •V. H. C, Verona kennels. San Francisco,
Border Lad: reserve ' O J. Albee. : Lawrence,
Cnl.. Maior "U-eiton! > Bitches— First. Verona
kennels,'. Pan Francisco. Verona Bonnie ■ Brae:
second. Verona kennels, • San : Francisco,
Heather ... Mol!ie : third. Verona kennels. ; San
Francisco, Verona Artistic. ■:'.■:■■>■■: -
> Winners. dops— First. Verona kennels. San
Francisco. Verona Braw Scot;:. reserve,'. Verona
kennels.' San Francisco. • Verona Approbation.
Bitches— First, ; Verona kennels. San Francisco."
Verona Bonnie Brae; reserve. Verona kennels,
San Franciico, Verona Artlstio '* <
BUSY TIMES
ON THE FRONT
Grain Cars Loading at
the Sea Wall.
FIREWOOD FOR SOLDIERS.
SIX THOUSAND CORDS BEING
CUT AT POWELL STREET.
Much Activity at the Mail Dock and
Pacific-Street Wharf Over Get
ting Ready the Troop
Ships.
While business generally Is quiet in
shipping, still .here are some portions of
the water front where things are going
with a rush. At the Mail Dock double
gangs of men are at work getting the
steamers City of Peking and City of Syd
ney ready for the troops who are to go on
them to Manila. At the Oceanic dock the
Australia is ready for her freight and as
soon as the Government begins sending
freight and passengers the steamer will
be ready to receive them. At the seawall
several gangs of men are at work loading
wheat into cars on the belt railroad. The
grain Is going to New Orleans via the
Sunßet route and will be shipped from
there In a neutral bottom to Europe. At
Powell-street wharf a couple of donkey
engines are going day and night cutting
up 6000 cords of wood for the use of the
troope at the Presidio, while at Meiggs
wharf M. Fitzgerald, the reporter for the
Merchants' Kxchaiiyr, was busy all day
keeping tab on the big fleet of vessels thai
sailed.
On the Mall Dock the general opinion Is
that neither the Peking nor Sydney will
be ready for service before Saturday or
Sunday, and in that event it will be Tues
day or "Wednesday next before they can
get away. Of course, delay in their case
means that the Australia also will be de
layed, so that all three of them will get
away together.
The wheat is the first shipment that has
gone by rail for Europe from San Fran
cisco. There are about 5000 tons of It, and
as the cars are loaded they are moved
around the belt railroad to the freight
slips at Lombard-street wharf and there
transferred to the Southern Pacific
freight boats and thence to the yards
across the bay. where the trains for New
Orleans are made up. It is a very ex
pensive way of handling grain, but then
the long voyage around the Horn is
avoided and the shipments are made on
hurry orders.
The 60u0 cords of fire wood now being
rut at Powell-street wharf are only a
commencement, and the chances are that
the work will go steadily on as long as
there are troops at the Presidio and the
old Bay District track.
Captain James Johnson is very sick at
his home in Tc-mescal. At one time it was
feared that he would not recover, but
yesterday he was a little better, and his
businessassociates expect to Bee him out
and about again shortly. Captain John
son is the senior partner of the firm of
Johnson & Emigh, president of the J. F.
Cunningham Company and part owner of
the ship John Ena. bark Harvester, bark
entine Ruth and schooners Five Brothers,
Seven Sisters, Honolulu and Rachel. He
has five sons and seven daughters and
two of his schooners got their names
from that fact.
The American ship Reaper has cleared
for Comox. B. C, where she will load coal
for Honolulu. After discharging at that
port she will load sugar for New York.
The British ship Crown of India, be
fore reported as being partly dismasted
150 miles from Newcastle. N. S. W., while
on her way to San Francisco, has been
towed into'Sydryy. N. •». W.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Jla
riposa sailed yesterday fot Australia via
Hawaii. Samoa and New Zealand. She
took away a very valuable cargo and the
following cabin passengers:
For Honolulu— Rev. Charles R. Brown and
wife; C. M, C "oke, wife, child and maid; Rich
ard Cooke. Miss Alice Cooke, C. W. Deacon,
Colonel W. Evans, G. D. Freeth, E. A. Kiley,
A. F. Knndaen, Mrs. V. Kr.udsen, Mrs. Charles
S Lewis. E. B. MrClandhan. wife and child;
Louis Reiche. Mi:-.- E. Bwickard, Wray Taylor,
Hiss M. Walters, John Waterhouse. Dr. T. C.
Whttehead. wife and infant: W. Woon.
For Auckland— W. Maddern.
For Sydney— F. Burckhardt. Miss E. A. Cook.
H. A. Qoddard. a. L. Lee, Mrs. w. B. Middle
ton and son, John Moore and wife. J. Ruther
ford. William Sherer Jr.. Mrs. M. Soule.
Join at Honolulu for Apia— G. B. Greig.
W. Maddern. the passenger for Auck
land, is the New Zealand detective who
came here to secure Dr. Arthur Orpen,
who is accused of having caused the
death of Miss Susan A. McCalmot. Ex
tradition papers were issued and Dr. Or
pen went back with Detective Maddern
on the Marlposa.
The Passion Play.
"The Passion Play," which has been a
strong matinee attraction at the Baldwin
Theater for some weeks past, will be pre
sented but a few times more, as the final
performance is to take place next Mon
day night. There will be matinees to-day.
Sunday and again on Monday, and in the
evening of that day the pictures will be
displayed for the last time. The play is
shown with attractive realism, and each
scene, exactly as presented at Oberam
mergau, is thrown upon the screen to the
accompaniment of music or lecture. The
prices for next Monday night will be the
same as prevail at the matinees.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BBBSSS^S^ -'>«SBii A healthy wo-
' r '^cSr^3i man will alwaya
f iiiNr^l find Love. Health
KsSP^>3sJ?»i» and Beauty are
> •i.yj ( s\\ y^Jpun I twins that do not
Pft. / <■'; c&jfil have to 9eek far
%SBHLw&I? or long to find
W^^Ts!*£lr£& Cupid. It is the
r/ !ffi9Ba.<«iliP' ' woman who euf-
7/ IKT~^J fere from ill-health
I * BHp>— m — f as a result of weak-
i i iw5S : •*Tvi*^^" ness an( * disease
I v /W& lilMi of the distinctly
\ * Pj^-— I *^< feminine organ-
I A I nJ j^tX ism, who leads a
t1 Vv i \ "^^xj\ loveless and child-
\\\ \yth less life. : It ._ is
»— •-" *"' in every woman*
power to be healthy and consequently at-
tractive. The main-spring of woman* na-
ture is in her distinctly womanly - self.
When she suffers in that part of her organ-
- ism, she suffers in every nerve and fiber of
her body, and her suffering is pictured in
her face, and reflected in her disposition
and temper.
It is easy for a woman to be well and
strong in a womanly way. Dr. Pierce'9 v Fan
vorite Prescription acts directly upon the
important and delicate organs that consti-
tute womanhood. It makes them J strong
and healthy. It allays inflammation, heals
ulceration, soothes pain and gives the tor-
tured nerves rest and tone. . It prepares for
wifehood and motherhood. Taken during
the expectant period it banishes the usual
discomforts, makes the coming of baby
easy and painless, and insures the health
of the newcomer. Thousands of women
have said so. All good druggists sell it ., ;
" Please accept mv thanks." writes Mrs. Maud
Pearce. of Stoutsvifle, Kairfield Co., Ohio, "for
the good your medicines have done me. I truly
believe- that Dr. Piercc's Favorite Prescription
saved my life. It is a sure and certain cure for
' female troubles.' lam having perfect health.
Nothing did me any good until I heard of you.
My good health pleases me and pleases mv hus-
band. Every invalid lady should take Doctor
Pierces Favorfte Prescription ana ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery. "' '-■ - ■'.: : .
One line in a good, practical, home med-
ical book will sometimes save a life. Dr. ;
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser is
the best book of that description published.
Over a million i women .; own copies ,; and
thousands of them have written testifying
to its great value. ; A new, edition is ready :
and will be given away free. ;If you want
a paper • covered ':■ copy, send 21 one - cent
stamps, to cover the cost of mailing only, to
' World* Dispensary Medical Association,
Buffalo, N* V. For cloth binding, 31 stamps.
- ';._."'/.* ADVERTISEMENTS.
-H-B-H-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-81-B-B-
DON'T MISS
TO-DAY'S GREAT BARGAINS
AT OUR GIGANTIC '
rnNsni inATinN win
uUIiUULIUri I lull OnLL i
v V ~ ' ' ' V " »
Just Uncased Additional Shipments
FROM THE MAMMOTH
STOCK OF OUR LOS ANGELES STORE,
AND WILL PLACE THEM
ON SALE THIS MORNING
-A.T
QUICK CLEARANCE PRICES!
CALL AND SEE FOR YOURSELF
The Astounding Values Offered !
U
i
{/if Murphy Building. J [/If Murphy Building', Jr
Market and Jones Streets, Market aid Job Streets.
8i888S888S888S^8i888888888»88888S»
it
§ We Know It Pays!
•% To do right. That is how we have sue- *°
•* oeeded In building up our business. We 25
cj never misrepresent an. article or falsely c»
Ic# misquote a price. If you have never 
! •'-" traded with us, give us a trial. Special
! m*> for this week: Ladies' Ox Blood Kid So
I J* Button Shoes, cloth or kid tops, coin or £•
! am narrow square toes and tips: will be of- c«
i• 3 fered for fl 6T> per pair. The regular *^
•5 price was $2 50, but as we have not all ♦■>
.5 . sizes, we concluded to close the lines g«
cm out. A few pairs of tan cloth topi at _,
f? the same figure. *°
•o Great reduction in Spring-Heel Foot- $5
i* wear. Misses' and Children's Tan Cloth c «
•* " _ftx+ta ,„,.< Top Button or Lace * J
• TOJj c£S»l Shoes, with narrow £•
lSf»K!i f\2_?i coin tees and spring c »
•' I>^ I J neels -
it I W child's sizes. 8% •*
1*" fs &V&& \J t0 10 V5 sVzes,'"ii' ' *°
FS T " Misses' sizes. 11 *.
2? r^H' X\ to 2 90c. So
** S *'^>. Former prices. *°
•S JI K and $1 w - •*
c* Am^^. The Button Shoes r#
•3 are in A. B and C * 5
2* widths and the Lace Shoes in A and B £•
*° width*. ■ ~
•3 Country orders solicited. »5
r» Send for Illustrated Catalogue. S3
B. KATCHINSKI, 1
g PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., g
g? 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco, a
§888S8S833£8388SSg;8gi?iSS82g3i
GREAT SACRIFICE
of—
BOOKS!
HISTORY, SCIEXCE. ART, TRAVELS, BI-
OGRAPHY. FICTION, THEOLOGY.
LITERATURE OF ALL
KINDS.
RARE OPPORTUNITY.
No Reasonable Offer Refused.
ODD FELLOWS' LIBRARY. Seventh and
Market,
Must Be Sold Out by June 1. 1593.
"D"DJTCJTTT7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DK U bnUb - ?P^^£.X
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, . flourmi'.ls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, - : printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento st.
g^ WONG WOO,
F^f CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'fejP'J SANITARIUM,
,y&^^ 764-68 CLAY ST., 8»n rr»neifeo,o»l.
ri^flHH^i All diseases cured ercluslve-
TBWfjUv 1 IV by Chinese herbs, over MM
rg:/m:HJJ-Bfl* varieties being used. ADVICE
FREE. " Hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to
9p. m. ■•-■ -■■-• -■' ' ■ '■■' • '"■"■ ■ .-■■■•-
\A/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW, ;
Tenth Floor, Room : 1015. Claus Spreckels Bid*.
, Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 1 S2l California street. below |
Powell, San Francisco.
BUSINESS
DIRECTORY
and PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants,
Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders,
Jobbers, Insurance and Real
Estate Agents.
; In Corresponding With Any of the Following
Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS. '■
; California Art Glass, Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
r BELTING. ~
LP HFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
• r * vl.\ll.l\, Lace Leather, 105-tO7 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.:
! Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing. ;
BOILER MAKERS.
"P3 tt DETACHABLE Patent
\\ [I DETACHABLE
A& «£ MUD DRUM
tjagSffil^y^i for Steam Boi^rs,
Manufactured by !
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
; - v": Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY, :
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery. i
BOOKBINDERS.
JTJ MnrMlfiV Or Bookbinder and Printer*
iJi D. llibiri 1 1 Itij. 422 Commercial street.
COPPERSMITH. ;•-)
Joseph Fox. Supt. H. Birth. Mrr. : |
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat j
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 !
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRAY AGE. ~~ "i
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— Davis St. and Corner Fifth
! and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872. j
~~ DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. , gg n c _a an Al t ;
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ' ~"j
IK RftVFS H ffl Butchery
JA3. DUiEJ ft WU. f Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HARDWARE. ; \ ~~~j
TDALACE Hardware Co. .Importers & Dealers i
* in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
T~ IRON FOUNDERS. '.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props.. !
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De- i
* scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. j
PAPER DEALERS.
WI! I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
If I LLMITI L I !L 722 Montgomery Street,
PIANOS. " V*!
Th» Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 "O'Farreli: St. 
A corps of expert tuners and repalrerm.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO.. '<
HEAL ESTATE. • RENT COLLECTORS. -
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery at.
_____ soap. ,;■;.-: "
GDI lIPV X- fA " ' 123 California street,
. M. LI VI - tU., room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic DA RTR rDftF, 306 CaM
« Codes. r > ± sxxljyjCj > fornia St.
WAREHOUSEMEN. ;
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
; Forwarding Agents and Public •'Weigher*. 1
General ' Storage. • Free and . Grain Warehouses. \
General office, 210 California st. Tel.' Main 1814. ;