VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 134.
CONGRESS TO ACT TO-DAY,
AND IT WILL MEAN WAR
THREE TUGS SOLD
TO THE UNITED
STATES YESTERDAY
The Fearless, Active and Vigilant of the
Spreckels Line Added to the
Auxiliary Fleet.
This Step, in the Line of Protecting the Coast From
Spanish Privateers, Brings the Menace of
War to San Francisco's Very Door.
The tugs Fearless, Vigi
lant and Active, of J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co.'s fleet
of tugs, doing duty on the
bay of San Francisco, were
purchased by the United
States yesterday, and last
mght they were turned over
to the Navy Department,
with orders that they be
taken to the navy-yard at
Mare Island immediately.
Negotiations for the pur
chase of the tugs have been
in progress between repre
sentatives of the navy and
J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
for several days, but it was
not until late yesterday that
orders were received from
the Navy Department at
Washington to close the deal
and order the vessels to the
navy - yard without delay.
Each of the three vessels
has been inspected by naval
constructors and plans made
for placing armament on
them. Several six - pound
guns will be mounted on
each tug, and possibly tor
pedo tubes will be fitted to
the Fearless. The guns for
the tugs are now on the way
from the arsenals in the East,
and before they can arrive
mounts will be arranged for
them on the newly acquired
auxiliary naval vessels, so
they can be put in place at
once.
There will be as little de
lay as possible in preparing
the tugs for service with the
naval fleet, and when they are
ready for sea they will be at
tached to Reir-Admira! Mil
ler's command on the North
Pacific.
The tugs, when fitted with
guns, will be used as patrol
boats along the coast in case
of hostilities. They will prac
tically be the skirmish boats
of the fleet of war ships and
act as dispatch boats and tor
pedo-boat destroyers as well.
The Fearless was built in
1892 at the Union Iron Works
and is the largest tugboat
that flies the American flag.
She is 400 gross tons regis
ter, 153 feet long, 26 feet
beam and 16 feet depth of
Continued on Second Page.
The San Francisco Call
RESOLUTIONS IN CONGRESS
WHICH WILL MEAN WAR.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— 1t is believed that the resolution
as now agreed upon ■will be reported by the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations to-morrow. The preamble of the resolution says
in effect:
"That the horrible condition of affairs existing for more than
three years in the island of Cuba, so near to our borders, is shocking
and a disgrace to Christian civilization; that it has culminated in
the destruction of a United States battle-ship and 266 of her officers
and crew while on a friendly visit in the harbor of Havana, and that
such things as this cannot longer be tolerated, and therefore,
carrying out the suggestion in the President's message that Con
gress should act, be it resolved:
"First — That the people of the island of Cuba are, and of right
ought to be, independent.
"Second — That the war Spain is waging against Cuba is so de
structive of the commercial and property interests of the United
States and so cruel, barbarous and inhuman in its character as to
make it the duty of the United States to demand, and the Govern
ment of the United States hereby does demand, that she at once
withdraw her land and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban waters.
"Third— That the President of the United States be, and here
by is, empowered and directed to use the entire land and naval forces
of the United States to carry these resolutions into effect.
"Fourth — That the President is authorized to call out the mili
tia of the different States to such an extent as may be necessary to
carry these resolutions into effect."
The House committee has not been able to get together with
the same unanimity as the Senate committee has done, the Demo
crats holding out for the recognition of the independence of the
present so-called Government of Cuba. The Republican members
of the committee have agreed upon a resolution substantially in
language:
"Resolved, That the President be, and he hereby is, empowered
and directed at once to intervene to bring the war in Cuba between
the Government of Spain and the people of that island to an end for
the purpose of enabling the Cuban people of their own free action
to form a stable and independent Government of their own, and the
lnnd and naval forces of the United S+ttes are placed at the disposi
tion of the President to be used to carry out the purpose of this
resolution."
The preamble to this resolution recites the grounds of offense
against Spain, which culminated in the destruction of the Maine,
for which disaster the preamble declares that Spain Is responsible.
There will ba no delay in the House, and the resolution to be
reported will be passed by the House to-morrow afternoon unless it
is delayed for the purpose of enabling the Senate and House to come
to an agreement.
Late to-night the Republican members of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs succeeded in reconciling all their differences and
adopted the resolution, whi«h will receive the unanimous support of
the Republicans In the House.
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Wednesday: colder
In the afternoon and night, with
fog; freFh westerly winds.
Maximum temperature for th« past
twenty-four hours:
Ran Francisco 8C degrees
Portland 80 degrees
Los Angeles 92 degrees
San Diego 74 degrees
Sacramento 88 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Congress Will Declare War.
Three Tugs Sold to Uncle Sam.
To Protect Coast Cities.
SECOND PAGE.
European Press Is Adverse.
Ovation to General Lee.
Spanish Consuls Going Away.
Senate War Resolution.
THIRD PAGE.
President Will Free the Cubans.
Lee Will Give Advice.
Mason's Voice for War.
FOURTH PAGE.
Leo's Effort at Peace Making.
Spain Cries Out for War.
Alaskan Steamers in Collision.
Brilliant Meteor N'-ar Redding.
A Town Without Real Estate.
n Copper River.
Disastrous Fires on the Coast.
FIFTH PAGE.
Murdered by a Negro.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898 — TWENTY PAGES.
NEWS OF THE DAT.
The Man Who Rivaled Tllton.
Eviction of Four Women.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The World's Verdict on the Message.
The Charter "Lord Mayor."
The San Jose Elections.
A Currency Reform Bill.
Stories From the Corridors.
Answers to Correspondents.
Jean Brito's Invention.
SEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
NINTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages. Deaths.
TENTH PAGE.
Native Sons' Grand Parlor.
Higher Rates for Horse Board.
News Along the Water Front.
Decision Against Chinese.
Escaped From a Deputy Sheriff.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Uklah Asylum's New Annex.
Barrels of Whisky Seized.
Meeting of the Regents.
L. W. McGlauflin Fails.
TWELFTH PAGE.
The New Charter.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
Commercial World.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
Poster for Masonic Festival.
Shafter Confers With Dlcklnsoi/.
THE THREE TUGS SOLD TO THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
CONGRESS WILL
DECLARE WAR
TO FREE CUBA
Lee Arouses Statesmen by the
Assertion That the Maine Was
Destroyed by Spaniards.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— 1t
was stated last night on high au
thority that an arrangement had
been practically effected by which
the resolutions may pass both
houses to-day. It is understood
that the Foreign Affairs Committee
of the House and the Foreign
Relations Committee of the
Senate will confer before the as
sembling of Congress for the
purpose of perfecting an agree
ment. Last night the members cf
the Senate committee believed that
the resolution would pass both
houses by a practically unanimous
vote. It was said if necessary a
continuous sitting would be had in
the Sena f e in order to secure final
action during the legislative day of
Wednesday.
NEW YORK. April 12.— The Her
ald's Washington corespondent tele
graphs:
The martial spirit is rampant in Wash
ington to-night. The arrival of Consul-
General Lee and other Consuls from
Cuba has greatly increased the war
feeling in and out of Congress. These
gentlemen, and particularly Consul-
General Lee, heartily indorse the
President's intervention plans, and they
want them put into effect at once.
From their standpoint the Maine
disaster is casus belli, and they are
as anxious to see the death of our
American sailors avenged through
the medium of war as they are to
have Spanish misrule in Cuba speed
ily brought to an end.
To Lee. and to the progress made by
the Foreign Relations Committee of the
Senate and the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee of the House in the formulation
of resolutions on practically the same
lines in favor of immediate forcible in
tervention, ure attributable the war feel
ing which exists in Washington to
night. It may pass off when some of
the peace men in Congress, and espe
cially "in the Senate, take their stand
against the speedy action contem
plated by the committee, which will be
sure to precipitate war. There will be
several speeches. Senator Caffrey says
he wants to make one, and probably
there will be two days in which to re
view the question of our international
obligations and the danger of interna
tional complication before the final
plunge is taken.
Senator Elkins also wants consider
able time to talk in favor of peace, and
Senator Burrows is prepared to de
liver a lengthy argument in opposition
to the recognition of independence.
There are many others on the war
side who differ in their views as to the
form of action that should be taken.
They will consume considerable time
under the elastic rules of the Senate.
There may be thus time for another
peace wave to succeed the present war
wave before the real crisis comes.
Mandatory resolutions directing
the President to intervene in Cuba,
and couched in such terms as to
amount practically to a declaration
of war, will be reported to both
houses of Congress to-morrow.
There does not seem to be much
probability to-night that the Senate ano
the House committees will report ex
actly identical resolutions. In fact there
will be considerable divergence in their
language, but they will be along the
same lines and will mean the same
thing. They will call for intervention to
end the war in Cuba and drive Spain
from the island, with no recognition of
the present so-called republic of Cuba,
but with the declaration of the indepen
dence of the Cuban people.
A unanimous report — Republicans
and 1 Democrats together — is expected
from the Senate committee. The pres
ent indications are that the Democrats
of the House committee will make a mi
nority report proposing the recognition
of the republic of Cuba.
Consul-General Lee's statements be
fore the Senate Committee on Foreign
Relations had much to do with crystal
lizing opinion in that body. His nar
ration of his experiences and observa
tions in Havana and his description of
the destruction of the Maine, though it
brought out no new facts, united the
committee in favor of prompt and man
datory action to secure immediate in
tervention.
There was nothing in Consul-Gen
eral Lee's statement to confirm the re
ports which have been so indus
PACIFIC COAST
HARBORS WILL
BE PROTECTED
The Government Takes Steps to
Save the Ports of the West
From Spanish Privateers,
NEW YORK, April 12. — The Herald's Washington correspondent semta
the following: Preparations are being made by the Navy Department to give
Spain's privateers a warm reception should they attempt to attack one of the
coast cities of the United States. By establishing a second line of defense
along the Atlantic coast the authorities consider they have taken measures for
the protection of the seaports thereon from the depredations of detached
cruisers or of privateers.
Atte-ntion is now being turned to the Gulf and West coasts, and as a re
sult of the arrangements inaugurated to-day it is believed the cities along
these seaboards will be reasonably secure from attack.
As it is the plan of the Navy Department to first find and destroy the
Spanish fleet, it is not believed there will be much danger of an attempt by
Castilian men-of-war to destroy cities. The ships for which a sharp watch will
have to be maintained are privateers, and through Minister Woodford the
authorities have learned that it is proposed by the Spanish Government to
commission any number of privateers for operations against the commerce
and cities of the United States. It is considered possible that these vessels
may proceed to the Pacific and fire on the cities of the slope.
To prevent such an attempt being successful, the President to-day di
rected that the revenue cutters Perry, Grant, Corwin and Rush be turned over
to the Navy Department. These will be sent to Mare Island, where they will
receive heavier batteries than those which they now carry, and they will be
detailed to accompany the whaling fleet. The Fish Commission vessel Alba
tross has also been turned over to the navy for duty on the West Coast.
It has been finally determined to retain the cruisers Charleston and
Philadelphia in the Pacific to destroy any privateers or any detached cruisers
that may come to that section. The monitor Monterey will be stationed at
San Francisco to assist the land forces, and the monitor Monadnock will pro
tect the cities of Puget Sound.
It is understood by the officials that when Lieutenant-Commander
Joseph G. Sobral. formerly naval attache of the Spanish legation, was on duty
in the United States he visited the harbors of the Pacific Coast and carefully
inspected them, sending reports of their fortifications and their appearance to
his Government. It is considered probable that these reports may be used by
the Spanish Government for naval operations, and it is for this reason such a
careful distribution of naval forces in the Pacific has been made for the defense
of that coast.
The cruiser Charleston will shortly be ready for service and will be
placed in commission the latter part of this month. The cruiser Philadelphia
will be ready for service within thirty days, and when reported as ready will at
once be put in commission. The condition of the gunboat Yorktown is such
that it is stated at the department that she cannot be commissioned under
three months. So far as the Bennington is concerned, it is stated at the de
partment that nothing has been done looking to her withdrawal from Hono
lulu. No instructions have been sent to Rear-Admiral Miller, commander
in-chief of the Pacific station, to hoist his flag over the islands in case of war,
but it is generally conceded at the deportment that this will be done in order
that the islands may be provided with protection. Otherwise an attempt
might be made by Spain to injure Hawaiian cities, knowing that a proposi
tion is pending in the Congress of this country for the annexation of the
islands by the United States.
triously circulated since the court of
inquiry's report was made public, that
he would make revelntions which could
not be made public in the report for
fear that his life might be endangered
or that he would produce new and posi
tive evidence to show that the destruc
tion of the Maine was the result of a
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Spanish plot. He also exploded the
rumor that he had information of a
mine having been discovered under the
Montgomery. He gave It as his opinion
that the Maine had been destroyed by
a mine in the control of the Spanish
officials.
"Do you mean by the Spanish author2
ities in Cuba?" he was asked by a mem
ber of the committee.
" I mean the Spanish officials,"
replied, ''but not General Blanco. I
think some of the officials were cog
nizant of the plans to destroy the
vessel, but I do not believe that the
Captain-General was."
The most important feature of Con
sul-General Lee's statemen* was his de
claration that in his opinion the people
of Cuba had not yet succeeded in es
tablishing and maintaining such a gov
ernment as would be entitled to recoe
nition as an independent state. On this
point he was thoroughly in accord with
the President. While he is not in fa
vor of recognizing the so-called gov
ernment at this time, he believes that
the Cubans are capable of self-govern
ment and that if the United States shall
intervene and drive out the Spaniards
a government can be established and
maintained which will be stable and
would be entitled to recognition, as. a
member of the family of nations.
Consul-General Lee is to appear to
morrow before the Naval Strateerc
Board to discuss the defenses of Ha
vana and other Cuban seaports,' the lo
cation of mines, the best points of at
tack that should be made and the plan
of campaign after the troops have been
lam'tc.
There is nothing in the diplomatic
situation to afford any cheering hope
for peace.
If Spain is making any progress in
her negotiations for an armistice with
the Cubans the administration authori
ties have not heard of it, nor are there
any new developments, as far as can be
ascertained, regarding the secret nego
tiations for the purchase of Cuba. For
the time being Congress alone controls
the situation. Anticipating that Con
gress will act sooner or later, the ad
ministration is still going ahead with
its preparations for carrying out the
forcible intervention programme.
There were significant conferences be
tween the President and General Scho
tield this morning in regard to plans for
calling cut the militia, and again this
evening between the President and As
sistant-Secretary of the Navy Roose
velt ss to the naval part of the demon-
Btraikn.
THREE TUGS SOLD
TO GOVERNMENT
Continued from First Page.
hold. Her engines indicate
12Q0 horse power and she
has a speed of 14 knots un
der forced draught. Her bunk
ers carry coal enough to give
her a steaming capacity of
upward of $000 miles at a
good cruising speed. At pres
ent she is on the way back
from Unalaska and is expect
ed in port at any hour. She
went north towing a vessel
to Dutch Harbor, a haul of
2100 miles. The vessel is
very stoutly constructed. Ship
builders say her hull is
stronger than that of the
cruiser Charleston. The an
gle bars are of the same
weight as those of the cruiser
but they are closer together
in her hull. The Fearless
could be used to advantage
as a ram should the occasion
present itself.
She is fitted with powerful
wrecking and fire pumps and
an electric-light plant. Above
her pilot-house she has a
powerful search light, and
with little change to her
fittings will become a great
adjunct to the fleet of battle
ships now in Rear-Admiral
Miller's command.
The Vigilant was built at
Cramp's shipyard in Phila
delphia. She was known
on the Delaware as the
George W. Pride, and she
was at the time of her pur
chase the largest tug on that
river. She was launched in
1890. She is of 1
tered tons. She is 122 feet
long, 22 feet beam and 12
feet 7 inches depth of hold.
Her engines develop
horse power and are capable
of driving the tug along at
a speed of 13 knots. She,
too, is fitted with powerful
fire and wrecking pumps.
Soon after she was launched
she was brought to this
coast, and ever since she has
been doing duty as a tugboat
in this harbor.
The Active, the third of
the three steel tugs pur
chased, was built at the
Union Iron Works in 1888.
She is 120 feet long, 22 feet
i> inches beam and 12 feet 5
inches depth of hold. She
CONTINENTAL
EUROPE VOICES
DISPLEASURE
CommeQts of the Press Generally
f^ntagoQistic to McKjnley's
Message.
LONDON, April 12.— The Pall Mall Gazette regards President Mc-
Kinley's message as a strong and temperate statement of the case
against Spain. He upholds intervention merely in order to end the
war, leaving the ultimate destiny of Cuba to be decided according to
circumstances.
The St. James Gazette says: "The message has disappointed every
body, and leaves the uncertainy as great as ever."
The Graphic thinks the President's message is bound to lead to
war. It says: "Spain will, of course, resist intervention and war will
result. But the duty of the United States lies not less in the -vth
now marked out for her by the President."
The Westminster Gazette thinks the President's message "has
made out an excellent case for intervention by the United States."'
The Globe expresses the opinion that "it is a message of abdica
tion," and says: "While the situation in Cuba is eminently unsatis
factory, it is a question whether American interference on the lines
suggested is likely to improve matters."
The Dally News says this morning: "We do not desire to detract
from the credit that justly belongs to the Pope, but neither the spiritual
nor temporal machinery of Europe would have been put in motion to
stop the Horrors in Cuba except for the action of the United States. A
Weyler would be invaluable in Armenia. There is nothing selfish in
America's resolve that Cuba shall be freed from her butchers and tor
mentors. If the Pope really desired peace, he should exert the whole
of his great 'influence with Spain, who cannot, in the long run, disobey
him, while Spain would not suffer humiliation in submitting to the Pon
tiff, who has no physical force behind him."
The Times says: "Optimistic critics of President McKinley's mes
sage lose sight of the fact that in both Washington and Madrid those
whose chief preoccupation, to say the least, is not the maintenance of
peace, are playing with fire in a powder magazine. General Fitzhugh
Lee's influence will tend to aggravate the bitterness felt for the loss of
the Maine — a natural cause of suspicion and anger, but to blow these
smoldering fires into flame at the present critical moment is a rash act,
not easily to be condoned by the conscience of the civilized com
munity."
PARIS, April 12.— The Petit Parisien, commenti.ig upon President
McKinley's message, says that the President's forcible language will
cause a lively impression in Madrid and render more difficult the task
of the friends of peace.
The Autorite thinks that an armistice in Cuba will be ineffective.
The Journal expresses the opinion that Americans are carrying the
Monroe doctrine to extremes.
The Matin says the message proves McKinley's sang froid. His
sentiments are sincerely pacific and all depends upon the Cuban in
surgents' reception of the suggestion of a suspension of hostilities.
The Eclair says the message does not involve an immediate decla
ration of war, neither does it encourage optimistic hopes.
Le Temps says: "President McKinley's message is conciliatory,
and seems to avoid a bellicose solution, but it might well spoil every
thing by handing over the affair to Congress."
VIENNA, April 12.— The Fremdenblatt says that the President de
sires peace and seeks to secure it by establishing the right of interven
tion of the United States army in Cuba. This, the paper thinks, makes
the situation of the Spanish Government toward public opinion diffi
cult.
The Tagblatt says the message seems to avoid an immediate rup
ture in order to effect a rupture at a propitious moment.
ROME, April 12.— President McKinley's message is generally con
sidered as favorable to a pacific settlement of the Spanish-American
situation, but this morning's newspapers are silent on the subject.
BERLIN, April 12.— The National Zeitung says: "The postpone
ment of the decision in President McKinley's message is, in any case,
tranquilizing, inasmuch as he practically washes his hands of respon
sibility for war or peace, which is transferred to Congress."
The Vossiche Zeitung says: "The immediate danger of war has
been defer, id for some days, but there is no question of its complete
avoidance."
The Berliner Post remarks: "Peace cannot be regarded as assured
until both sides possess necessary circumspection and power to forcibly
suppress an ebullition of popular passion, should It occur."
is registered at 173-81 tons
gross. Her engines develop
750 horse power and give the
tug a speed of 12 1-2 knots.
The transfer of the three
tugs from the fleet owned by
J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
leaves the "black stacks"
with only two tugs now in
this harbor. They are the Re
liance and the Alert. Another
one of the fleet, the Relief,
is at the Columbia River
where she has been for sev
eral years towing vessels in
__ _. '.' ._^ w _:.-. ! ~~~~~~~~-~~~~~~~^^ ADVERTISEMENTS. . . . _ :_: _ _ _ ' : _^ _ ■
d/meuca^ S/ieatfoit Jiiediekie
The importance of taking a good Spring Medicine is well known
iv fact, its necessity is universally admitted. To argue
this point is useless — takes up your time and wastes our
space. The real question is, what to take ? Of course, you
want the best. For your blood you want a medicine which
cures blood diseases. For your appetite, stomach-weakness
and dyspeptic symptoms you want a medicine containing
appetite-giving, stomach-toning, dyspepsia-curing quatities.
For that tired feeling, dull headache, miserable, all-run-
down condition you want a true tonic — not a stimulant,
opiate or nerve compound.
is the best spring medicine
Now we can prove, we have proved, we DO prove every day in |
the year, that Hood's Sarsaparilla IS the best, that it
possesses just these qualities — that it is unequaled as a
general Spring Medicine. We prove this by thousands of
testimonials — not from people anxious to advertise them-
selves, but from people in the same walk in life as you. 1
And our testimonials tell of cures, real, bona fide CURES.
Further, our testimonials are from this vicinity. Just read
the letters in this advertisement. We rest our case on these
cures by Hood's Sarsaparilla aud uppn your own_experience
with it. We believe when you have givemit a fair trial you
will agree that Hood's Sarsaparilla is America's Greatest
Medicine and the best Spring Medicine.
hood's sarsaparilla
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
and out over the rough bar
that guards the mouth of the
river.
J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co.
will at once replace the tugs
that were sold. Just how it
will be done has not yet been
decided, but in all probability
orders will be given to the
Union Iron Works to construct
three steel tugs to take the
places on the bay of those
purchased by the United
States to be turned into fight
ing vessels.
OVATION TO
GENERAL LEE
Washington Goes Wild
Over the Return of
the Consul.
Unprecedented Demonstration
in the Halls of the
Capitol.
A Conference Held in th« White
House Immediately Upon His
Arrival.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 12.
Consul General Fitzhugh Lee arrived
here from Havana at 2:30 o'clock this
afternoon. A large crowd of enthusias
tic admirers had gathered at the Penn
sylvania station and when the general
stepped from the train he was greeted
by a tremendous outburst of applause.
Women waved their handkerchiefs and
men their hats and altogether the dem
onstration was a notable one. Wash
ington crowds as a rule are not demon
strative, but this occasion was a con
spicuous exception.
Long before the hour set for the ar
rival of the train the crowd began to
gather. It completely filled the station
and Sixth street, adjacent on the east,
and extended far intoPennsy. ia ave
nue. The general occupied the last car
in has train, and when it was known that
it had reached the station there was a
tremendous rush to get a look at him.
By the time he was ready to alight the
crowd was so dense about the train
that, even with the assistance of a pla
toon of police, it was with difficulty
that he reached the platform.
Several friends of the general, among
them many ladies, pressed forward and
finally succeeded in grasping him by
the hand. One of the ladies presented
to him a bouquet of roses tied together
by ribbons of the national colors and
bearing a tiny Confederate battle flag.
Immediately the crowd began to cheer,
and round after round of applause
greeted him as he walked slowly and
uncovered down the long platform of
the station. On reaching the B-street
entrance General Lee entered a State
Department carriage and was rapidly
driven up the avenue to the State De
partment.
The general had not perceptibly
changed in appearance since he was
last in Washington. His eye was as
bright and his step as elastic as ever
and nothing in his manner indicated
that there had been anything unusual
in his experience during the last sev
eral months. How long he will remain
in Washington is not known, but it is
assumed that he will make his wishes
conform to those of the President as
to the length of his stay.
News that General Lee was on his
way to the State Department spread
rapidly, and when the carriage drew
up at the south front of the building a
big^crowd was assembled on the por
tico! A rousing cheer Went up aa Gen
eral Lee stepped from the vehicle, and,
bowing right and left, hurried into the
building. The cheers had apprised the
clerks and other employes of the big
building of his coming and there was a
wild rush for the State Department cor
ridor. Clerks left their desks without
leave, officers of the army and navy
joined the rush, and for the time being
the discipline of the building was re
laxed. The crowd lined up in front of
the elevator shaft, leaving a lane from
the door of the Secretary's office.
As the elevator came to a stop and
the Consul-General stepped out a scene
occurred unprecedented in the history
of the great building. Hat in hand,
General Lee passed into the corridor,
and some one said, "Now, boys," and
three rousing cheers went echoing down
the lonjr halls. Then there was another
tmtburst, and people poured forth from
every room.
The cheering caused intense excite
ment, and it was some moments before
quiet had been restored. General Lee
bowed to the crowd, and, as he reached
the door to Secretary Sherman's office,
turned and bowed again. Then the door
closed on him and the throng dispersed.
After a few minutes General Lee
LOS ANGELES, CAL.— "We have used
Hood's Sarsaparilla in our family
with good results. We find it does
all it is recommended to do. A
friend of mine was suffering from
a bad skin disease, and being some
distance from a physician, I took
the liberty of recommending Hood's
Sarsaparilla, and it was taken with
good results." J. C. BEMIS.
Could Not Do Her Work.
CHICAGO PARK, CAL.— "When I be-
gan taking Hood's Sarsaparilla I
could not do my work, but before I
had finished taking four bottles I
felt like a different person and I
feel that I owe my life to Hood's
Sarsaparilla." MRS. JOSEPH
BURKHARDT.
Well and Strong.
JAMUL, CAL.— "I was afflicted with a
tired feeling and my blood was in
such a condition that every little
scratch would develop into a sore.
I tried several medicines, but did
not feel satisfied with the result
until I began taking Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. I am now well and strong,
and weigh more than I ever did in
my life." MRS. E. CHEESMAN.
SPANISH CONSUL
SECO WITHDRAWS
FROM KEY WEST
Papers and (Affairs in His Charge
Turned Over to England's
Representative.
NEW YORK, April 12.— A Key West (Fla.) special to the Herald
says: Rafael Seco, the Spanish Consul here, will leave on the Mas
cotte this evening, having to-day turned over his papers and the af
fairs of his consulate to British Vice-Consul W. J. H. Taylor. J. M.
Fernandez, Spanish Vice-Consul, who has been acting as Italian Con
sul, has also turned his affairs over to Mr. Taylor, who will now rep
resent here Great Britain, Spain and Italy. The action taken by Seco
and Fernandez was under instructions from the Spanish Minister in
Washington, Senor Bernabe, who this morning sent to Seco a copy of
his instructions received from Madrid.
The Postoffice Department received orders from Washington this
afternoon to return all Havana mail to the dead letter office, there to
be held pending the resumption of amicable relations with the au
thorities in Cuba. The order will affect a large amount of mail arrived
to-day on the steamers Mascotte and City of Key West. This ac
tion is regarded as denoting complete severance of relations with the
Spanish authorities at Havana.
The exodus from Key West began to-night. News of the action of
the Congressional Committee made war appear so imminent that the
wives and families of naval officers and prominent citizens of Key
West decided it was best not to delay their departure longer. Nearly
all the staterooms of the Mascotte and City of Key West are taken.
Many refugees will stop at Jacksonville until the storm breaks and
then proceed farther north.
emerged, accompanied by Secretary
Sherman and Assistant Secretary Day.
The three entered a carriage and were
quickly driven to the White House.
General Lee got another ovation on his
way over.
At the White House the party was
shown at once to the library, where the
executive accorded a hearty reception
to the Consul-General. The only per
sons present at the meeting were the
President, Secretary Sherman, Judge
Day and General Lee. Secretary Sher
man remained with the others about
an hour and then returned to the State
Department. After being with the
President fully an hour Judge Day and
General Lee took their departure, the
latter going to his hotel. An immense
crowd, augmented by the number of
ladies who attended Mrs. McKinley's
reception, was on the portico when the
two came down stairs and General Lee
was given a tremendous ovation. As
their carriage was being driven away
some one fastened a Cuban flag to the
front of the vehicle and this was the
cause of additional enthusiasm.
The ovation that has followed Gen
eral Lee since he set foot on American
soil culminated to-night in what was in
many ways one of the most remarkable
demonstrations the city has ever seen.
The demonstration was almost as quick
and unpremeditated as that which
greeted General Lee at the depot and
at the State Department. The Marine
Band had been engaged from the bar
racks, and the Seventy-first Regiment
Band, under the leadership of Professor
Fanciulli, formerly conductor of the
Marine Band, came over from New
York on an afternoon train. The crowd
assembled without calling, and by 8
o'clock was 5000 strong in the streets
about the Shoreham Hotel, where Gen
eral Lee was quartered. Before the
close it was twice that size. . It was af
ter 9 o'clock before he appeared on one
of the small corner balconies, accom
panied by a committee of the Union
Veteran Legion and the Confederate
Veterans' Association, which was joint
ly in charge of the affair.
The bands struck up "The Star Span
gled Banner," and there was a burst of
fireworks from the neighboring houses,
while mounds of red, white and blue
lights flamed at intervals along the
street, throwing the crowd on the bal
cony into sharp^ relief against a back
ground of flags.^The crowd yelled itself
hoarse, calling for General Lee by
name and demanding a speech. The
speech was brief, and so much broken
by applause that the crowd caught
very little more than Its general drift.
General Lee said:
After all the speeches I have been
forced to make in the past two days I
can hardly hope to make myself heard
over this great gathering. I can only as
sure you that such a great demonstra
tion seems to me out of all proportion to
the simple fact of my humble presence
here, and I am frank to say I don't see
that I deserve it, having only tried to do
my duty as an American where circum
stances" placed me.
The crowd broke out afresh, and
there were yells, "That's it," "That's
what you did. General Lee continued:
I have to thank you most heartily for
"In the spring I was obliged to work "I
very hard. In consequence of this
I became all run in health and lost
my appetite. About all I lived on
was iced lemonade. Medicines were
prescribed for me and I was told
that when I had taken them I could
eat anything I wished. I followed
the prescriptions given me, but my
appetite did not imnrove. TT v ~ sum-
mer passed and all my strength
was gone. I became so weak I could
hardly walk across the floor. At
last I was completely prostrated,
and was under the care of different
physicians, but they did not seem
to understand my case. One phy-
sician told me my blood was all
gone and he gave me medicine, but
it did not help me. One day my
sister came to me and told me of
the great cures by Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla, of which she had read, and
she advised me to try it. I had
about lost faith in medicines,* but
thought I would try H.ood's Sarsa-
parilla. After taking the first bot-
tle I was much better. I then pro-
cured two more and continued the
use of the medicine until I was
well. I regret tl.at I did not begin
the use of Hood's Sarsaparilla
sooner. It has done me unspeaka-
ble good, and I advise all sufferers
to give it a trial." MRS. A. EVER-
SEN, Wedderburn, Oregon.
SPAIN'S TORPEDO
FLOTILLA TO BE
STRENGTHENED.
ST. VINCFNT, Cape Verde
Islands, April 12.— The sec jnd
Spanish torpedo fllotilla is ex
pected daily by the officers of
the torpedo boats now in port.
I am also advised that Portu
guese war vessels are expected
to arrive here within a very
short time.
The Governor of the Cape
Verde Islands has arrived here
from the capital, Porte Praya. I
have it on good authority that
he will remain here until he is
officially advised that the differ
ences between the United States
and Spain have been satisfactor
ily settled.
The name of the transport
■with the torpedo boats is the
Ciudad de Cadiz.
this splendid indorsement of my course
It is a thing that can hardly come to a
man more than once in a lifetime, and it
moves me more than I can put into words.
"You can act pretty quick," cried a
man in the crowd, and then some one
yelled, "War! Fight!" and the cheer
ing drowned everything else. General
Lee continued:
I have not come to talk war, but if
war comes in a few days, or in a few
years, the present crisis has proved that
it will find us a united people, and the
oniy contest will be as to who can carry
the flag farthest and fastest.
There ison&_jtfHnsr" TrT conclusion: I
wani^e-frhSnK my good New York friends
-vno nave-come so promptly to the front
to-night. It is only another evidence that
Isew York is ready, as she has been in
the past, to stand by Virginia, and if the
trial comes I can assure you all that Vir
ginia will be found standing shoulder to
shoulder with New York.
First Regiment May Go To-Day.
It was stated last night an good au
thority that secret orders had been re
ceived by the Presidio authorities to
have the First Infantry Regiment in
readiness to start East this morning.
Accordingly the last finishing touches
were given to the preparations already
practically complete. It was intimat
ed that a cavalry regiment might be
the next called upon.
Queen Grace's Court.
SANTA ROSA, April 12.— The Rose Car
nival executive committee has appointed
the following attendants to Grace Dogh
erty, the carnival Queen: Lorena Overton,
Eudora Fisher, Miss Hyde. Genevieve
Davis, Hazel Bruner, Miss Cannon, Mar
garet Geary, Madeline Cowan, Miss
Smyth.
suffered from abscesses and had ten
of them one after another. I was
dropsical and had smothered feel-
ings and often swooned away. I
tried many different remedies, but
all to no avail, and I became dis-
couraged. I felt that nothing but
misery and an early grave awaited
me. About this time I met and
talked with a nurse of this city
who advised r.-.e to try a good blood
medicine. My husband also
thought I better do so and he pur-
chased a bottle of Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla. I had an attack of erysipelas
and was compelled to 'iave a nurse,
»
but I kept on taking Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. After I had taken three
bottles I noticed the trouble with
my heart was less frequent and
less severe and I did not
bloat as badly. My steady per-
sistence in taking Hood's Sarsa-
parilla finally mastered all of my
complaints, which were mostly due
to impure blood. I am now enjoy-
ing the best of health, and for all
this I give Hood's Sarsaparilla the
credit. I wish I could reach my
suffering sisters everywhere and
tell them of this health-giving
remedy. I hope m-" testimonial
may be the means of helping some
of them." MRS. H. W. CREV-
LINu. 830 North 16th street, Lin-
coln, Nebraska.
TRIO OF WAR
RESOLUTIONS
Senator Lindsay Favors
Concerted Action With
General Gomez.
Armed Intervention Advocated
by Wilson of Wash
ington.
Allen of Nebraska Recognizes a Stata
of War Between Spain
and America.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Ripgs House.
"Washington, April 12.
Three Senators — Lindsay of Ken
tucky, Wilson of "Washington and Al
len of Nebraska — offered resolutions
to-day in behalf of the Cubans. Fol
lowing is the full text of Senator Lind
say's joint resolution, which he himself
asked might be temporarily laid on tha
table:
1. That the contemplated military op
erations against the Spanish armies on
the island of Cuba should be carried on
in concert with the military forces undef
the command of General Maximo Gomez;
such concert to be serured through ar
rangements between this Government and
the Cuban revolutionary authorities rec
ognized by said Gomez, and that any
offer looking to such arrangements that
may be made by thoce authorities should
be favorably considered, provided it shall
concede to the commanding officer of the
United States the right to control and
direct all military operations.
2. That all such military operations
should be carried on to tfte end that the
independence of the Cuban people may be
secured.
The joint resolution of Mr. Wilson of
"Washington waa as follows:
Whereas, The conditions which for
three years past have prevailed and aro
now prevailing in the island of cuba
have become intolerable to the people of
the United States; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the President of the
United States is empowered and directed
to take at once such steps as may be
necessary to put an end to hostilities in,
the island of Cuba and to secure to tha
inhabitants of that island a stable and
Independent republican form of govern
ment, and the President of the United
States is empowered and directed to use,
if necessary, the land and naval forces
of the United States to make this joint
resolution effective.
At Mr. Wilson's request the resolu
tion was referred to the Foreign Rela
tions Committee.
Following this came the resolution
of Mr. Allen of Nebraska, which was
as follows:
Resolved, That a state of war exists
between the United States of America
and the kingdom of Spain, and that the
political existence and national independ
ence of the repnbiic of Cuba now and for
some time maintained by force of arms
is hereby recognized; that the President
is empowered and directed to take at
once such effectual steps as may ba
necessary to secure an early termination
of the hostilities in Cuba and an inde
pendent and stable government by the
people thereof, and to enable him to carry
out the purposes of resolution he is
hereby empowered ar.d directed to use the
land and naval forces of the United
States.
The resolution went over, under the
rules.
MRS. TERRY'S ILLNESS
CONSIDERED CRITICAL
She Is Constantly Attended by Three
Nurses and Is at Times
Delirious.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Mrs. Antonio
Terry, formerly Sibyl Sanderson, says a
Paris dispatch, who is lying critically ill
of paralysis, is constantly attended by
three nurses. Her physicians take a very
grave view of the case. Mrs. Terry is at
times delirious.
Prostrated by the Heat.
SALINAS, April 12.— Burgess Wilcoxen,
an old resident of Salinas, aged 65, while
working as carpenter on a house on All
sal street this morning, was prostrated
by the heat and had to be conveyed to
his home. This was the first case of tha
kind on record in Salinas Valley.
Fresh Uprisings in Korea.
YOKOHAMA, April 12.— There have
been fresh uprisings in the provinces of
Korea, and changes have been made in
the cabinet.
"My blood was impure xnd I wt*»
bothered for five years win pimples
on my face and body. I had tried
many different remedies in the ef-
fort to get rid of them, but none of
the medicines I took did me any-
good. I noticed an advertisement
of Hood's Sarsaparilla and decided
to buy a bottle and begin taking
this medicine. It did me so much
good I kept on until I had taken
seven bottles, when the eruptions
were all gone and I was perman-
ently cured. I owe my good health
to Hood's Sarsaparilla. I gladly
recommend the medicine to others
and am thankful for the benefit 1
have derived from it. My father
had a bad carbuncle. He took three
bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla and
was cured and he has had no more
trouble of that kind since. I would
add that I have used "Hood's Pills
and like them so well I believe they
should be in every family. After
being once used I believe they will
be r> referred." ALBERT E
CHAST, Tustan City, California.
N. B. If you decide to take Hood's
Sarsaparilla do not be induced to
buy anything else instead.
Hood's Sarsaparilla is sold by all
druggists. 51; six for $5. Prepared
only by C. I. Hood $ Co.. Lowell,
Mass.PRESIDENT
WILL FREE
THE CUBANS
Grosvenor of Ohio Ex=
plains the Message
to the House.
Warm Debate, During the Course
of Which the Purpose of
McKinley Is Declared.
Call Office. Riggrs House,
"Washington, April 12.
General Grosvenor of Ohio,
now generally regarded as the
spokesman of the present ad
ministration in the House, late
this afternoon, in reply to an at
tack upon the policy of the Pres
ident, interpreted the recommen
dation In the message to mean a
request for authority to use the
army and navy of the United
States to establish on the island
of Cuba a Government inde
pendent of Spain. It was re
garded as an exceedingly im
portant and significant an
nouncement.
In the brief debate to-day the open-
Ing puns of the contest that begins to
morrow were fired. Broadsides were
exchanged and then the House ad
journed.
The House was In committee of the
whole on the District of Columbia bill
when, shortly before the adjournment, j
Lentz (D.) of Ohio made a vigorous as- j
sault on what he called the "vacillat- j
ing policy" of the President, reading
from various newspapers to show that
the President had repeatedly changed
his mind. He commented especially
upon the report of an alleged midnight
conference between Senator Elkins and
the Spanish Minister, after the former
had been at, the White House with
J.-hn J. MK'ohk. He taunted the Re
publicans because the President had
not declared for the independence of
Cuba, which the Republican platform
had demanded.
"It remains to be seen," said he,
whether the majority of the House can
be lined up and whipped in."
Congress, he declared, should act, and
could act better than the executive,
k "formulating his policy at midnight be
f hind closed doors with the aid of plu
tocracy." He concluded:
•\ stable government! What do you pro
' I.vt thl.s Congress give to the
Presideni the army and navy, lie says,
and I will go over there and force the
Cuban patriots, tho Cuban heroes, to sub
mit to a stable government at the hands
of Spain, because the Queen Regent has
Ldy advised the administration that
d a suspension of hostili
ties ■ she cannot order a suspension or
tlUties by the insurgents. She has
Lmong all her bull fighters and bul
lies manhood enough to order a suspen
of hostilities on the insurgents. This
administration, with all this vacillating
was criticized by the Cnl
» Tribune, an administration paper,
asks us to put the army and navy in its
hands to go over and punish the Cu
bans, after three years of the most he
roic fighting for liberty that any people
ever made on the face of the earth. I
say it is an outrage, it is a stench in
the nostrils of every decent American.
We shall see whether the majority side
of this House can be whipped into such a
policy as that.
Mr. Hepburn (R.) of lowa Jumped to
his feet as Mr. Lentz sat down, and
exclaimed:
Mr. Chairman, sometimes misstate
ment is bo gross that it reaches the dig
of falsehood, and falsehood so gross
that it becomes mendacity, and mendac
ity so foul that it becomes scoundrellsm.
I say that the President has never said
that he desires the use of the army, and
navy at the hands of Congress in order
to establish Spanish supremacy on the
Island of Cub?.. (Appla .
That is not true. There is no man who
can with an nonest heart and with an
l this message of the
President and arrive at any conclusion of
that r. The President's whole
argument leads up to the proposition that
the conduct of Spain in that island during
fifty years of mirrule, fifty years of out
rage, fifty years of tyranny has brought
about such a condition that it is now in
tolerable and insupportable and must
cease. That is the language of the Presi
dent of the United States. He asks the
use of the army and navy to put a stop
to that intolerable and insufferable con
dition. [Applause on the Republican
Bide.] That is the argument of the Presi
dent. Every sentence in that message
► * to this House teaches that this is tils
purpose, and yet gentlemen say, in view
of all the language he has used, in view
of the argument he has made in reciting
the infamous and despotic con
duct that he has called to our attention,
that it Is the intention of the President
to become the ally of the Spaniards. I
cay that there Is no word in that whole
message that justifies any honorable man
In making a declaration of that kind
upon this floor. We are going there to
fight Spain. We are going there to estab
lish a stable ami permanent government.
What does that mean?
Hero we have had fifty years of Span
ish government, not stable, not perma
nent, except in the villainy of its out
rages. The character of outrage and vil
lainy, which bus become insufferable.
should be suffered no longer, the Presi
dent says, creating such an emergency as
compels us to violate the otherwise
friendly relations that we ought to have
and go to the extreme of war in bringing
an end to these insufferable conditions
produced through the acts of Spain. And
yet the gentleman dares to stand here
ami say that that paper advocates the
use of the army and navy, tho placing of
the whole military power of the country
in the hands of the President, in order
that he may go there to perpetuate that
which lie reprobates and ti ntinue that
whi'-h he says is now unendurable, lie
wants a stable and permanent republican
government. Does that mean Spanish
rule? Has any man the right to make
that argument?
Mr. Lentz— Does he say republican gov
ernment?
Mr. Hepburn— No. he does not say. that,
but he supposed that you knew some
thing about the history of this country.
(Applause on Republican side.)
Mr. Lents— l do.
Mr. Maguire— And we know something
about the history of this administration.
Mr. Hepburn— He supposed that you
knew something about the aspirations of
American statesmen; that you knew
something about the declaration that over
and over again had been reiterated bjr
every branch of this Government with
reference to the character of -overnment
that should be formed on the hemisphere.
(Applause on Republican side.)
— Orosvenor of Ohio took the floor and
T said:
I am going to refer now to only one
thing that the gentleman from Ohio (Mr.
Lentz) has said on this particular occa
sion, and I do not do It for the purpose
l of elaborating a speech upon this occa
sion. The time is coming when the
gentleman will have i. full opportunity
to assail the President of the United
States, to send their bitterness and their
opposition across the waters to our ene
mies. The gentleman shall have a full
opportunity to abuse his own constitu
ents at home for any conservative ex
pressions which they may have made
through the telegraph or the mail, and he
shall have that opportunity, unaffected
by answers of mine. I wish here s'.mply
to say that the President has asked of
Congress the power to use the army and
the navy for the purpose of establishing
In the island of Cuba an independent
government.
Lentz— Why did he not say so?
Grosvenor— Will my friend from Ohio
try for a minute to keep his mouth shut?
Cannon— Oh, that is impossible. (Ap
plause and laughter on the Republican
side.)
Hanley (D.) of Delaware— l would like
to know what you understand the Presi
dent to mean by this sentence In his mes
sage: "It involves, however, hostile con
straint upon both the parties to the con
test as well as to enforce a truce to guide
the eventual settlement."
Grosvenor— You had better go and ask
the President. (Laughter and applause
on the Republican side.)
Galnes— Don't you think you had better
go and see Hanna? (Derisive Jeers on the
Republican side.)
Grosvenor— There comes in another ex
hibitlon. (Laughter.) Now, let me re
state my proposition. 1 state that the
President of the United States has asked
for the use of the army and navy to es
tablish on the island of Cuba an inde
pendent government and has said so in
the plainest kind of English language.
(Cries of "Where?" on the Democratic
side.) After a great deal of triDulation
I am going to give the gentlemen on the
other side a demonstration of every state
ment which 1 make. You will ilnd this
language used by the President, and I
will leave it to the most acute analytical
mind on the other side to say if that is
not a proposition to establish on the isl
and of Cuba a government independent
of Spain.
In view of these facts and of these
considerations, I ask Congress to author
ize and empower the President to take
measures to secure a full and final ter
mination between the Government of
Spain and the p&ople of Cuba and to
secure in the island the establishment of
a stable government, capable of main
taining order ana observing its national
obligations.
Now, I ask any gentleman on the other
side to tell me how a government on an
island of any country controlled by a
foreign country, as Cuba is now, can have
a government capable of discharging its :
international obligations? WJiat are inter- |
national obligations? Do colonies have
International obligations?
Did the President understand thatj
there can be a colonial condition in Cuba
by which there would be lnternatfonal
obligations from that Government?
What international act floes Canada do?
What international act has any of the
West India Islands ever done? What rep
representative of this Government goes to
Jamaica, Porto Rico or any island ex
cept those independent? The very lan
guage of the President, as understood by
every intelligent American and man of
thought is that the object and purpose of
using force is to establish a government
with international obligations. So the
whole appeal of the gentleman from Ohio
Is like the picture of a painted ship on a
painted ocean. [Laughter on Republican
side.]
The time is coming very rapidly— it will
be here. I trust, to-morrow— when, under
the guidance of the Committee on For
eign affairs, this House will take action,
and I will suggest to the gentlemen on
the other side that there will be a degree
of patriotism, a degree of unanimity of
purpose, a degree of oneness of action
that will surprise the gentleman when he
looks over the votes that will be taken
here to-morrow. (Great applause on Re
publican side.)
Mr. Bailey, the Democratic leader,
replied to General Grosvenor in a brief
speech, which aroused intense enthu
siasm on the Democratic side. It was
somewhat remarkable, he said, that
the President, in sending to Congress
one of the most important messages
upon one of the most exciting ques
tions which had been before the- coun
try in years, had concluded with a rec
ommendation so ambiguous that it
could be the occasion of controversy.
Other portions of the message showed
that the President was a master of
clear and lucid English, yet in pre
senting his recommendation he had
done so in words that taxed the inge
nuity of the gentleman from Ohio to
make clear what he meant. If the
President meant the freedom and In
dependence of Cuba, why had he not
said so? Mr. Bailey continued:
I do not believe that the President de
liberately veiled his meaning, and in say
ing that I do him more credit thar others
on this floor. I believe if the President
had designed the establishment of a free
and independent republic on the island of
Cuba he would have said so. Why did
he say a stable government? A stable
government and an independent govern
ment are vastly different. No one doubts
that Canada possesses a stable govern
ment, but every intelligent man knows
it is not an independent government. I
do not doubt that Spain could establish
a stable government. It could make a
desert and call it peace.
No one could deny that the President
had asked for authority to send the army
and navy to Cuba to restore peace. When
our forces arrived the Spaniards would
say: "We are at peace; our arms are
stacked; it is the insurgents who are
at war.' Then the agents of the Presi
dent would be compelled, under the au
thority he asks, to say to the insurgents
"Stack your arms; retire to the fields
where you have for three years struggled
with fire and sword to attain your lib
erty."
Mark my words, no President that
sends the army and navy of the United
States to force the patriotic soldiers of
Cuba to lay down their arms will live or
will liis children live, to survive the odium
which the American people will fix upon
him. (Great applause on Democratic side
and in galleries.)
A few minutes later the House ad
journed.
GROVER CLEVELAND
WILL NOT TALK.
In His Opinion No Outsider Should
Discuss the Policy of the Mc-
Kinley Administration.
NEW YORK. April 12.— At Princeton
to-day Grover Cleveland, former Pres
ident of the United States, was seen
and asked his opinion of President Mc-
Kinley"s message on Cuban affairs. He
declined to make any statement, say
ing he thought the administration
knew what it was about, and that out
siders should keep otit of the discus
sion.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug-
Ktets refund the money If it fails to cure. 25c.
The genuine ha« L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APKIL 13, 1893.
WILL CONFER
WITH GEN. LEE
He Will Give the Army
and Navy Valuable
Information.
Knows All About the Defenses
and the Weak Points of
Havana.
More Than That His Military Experi
ence Will Pc of Value at
This Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 12.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Valu
able information is expected to be giv
en by General Lee to the naval and mil
itary authorities which will have an
Important bearing upon the plan of
campaign against Cuba in the event of
war with Spain.
I learn to-night that General Lee has
been invited to appear before the Naval
Strategic Board at 11 o'clock to-morrow
, morning to discuss with it the defenses
of Havana and other Cuban seaports,
■ the probable location of mines and the
! best points at which attacks should be
' made. All the members of the board
; have been notified to be In attendance,
, so that the information expected to be
I secured may be utilized at once in
changing the plan of naval attack
; which has already been adopted.
This board has been in session for
the past month, and it is understood to
have prepared elaborate plans of of
fense and defense against Spain. But
these plans are liable to change If Con
sul-General Lee should give any infor
mation showing that different points of
attack from those selected by the board
are preferable on account of weak forti
fications or the configuration of the
land.
In some quarters there is a belief that
: one of the reasons why General Lee
! was brought to the Uuited States was
'■■ in order that he might be able to give
, to the war boards of the army and
navy the benefit of his experience and
observation.
By reason of his military training
and experience during the war General
Lee has kept a sharp watch on the im
provements of the fortifications and has
kept the State Department advised
from time to time of what has been go-
Ing on. The reports made by him have
been submitted to the strategic board,
but it is appreciated that he may have
later Information, and in any event the
naval authorities say that his advice
will be valuable, and the board will in
all probability defer in many important
i instances to his judgment.
BLANCO FIXES
TERMS OF TRUCE.
It Remains to Be Seen Now Whether
the Insurgents Will Accept thj
Offer of Spain.
Copyrighted. IS9R. by James Gordon Benrwtt.
HAVANA, April 12. — Captain-Gen
eral Blanco to-day issued instructions to
the chiefs of various corps of the army
relative to the c 'ict suspending hostili
ties and directing them to cause the
same to be cor-'Tiunicated to the enemy.
Troops will suspend hostilities, main
taining their present positions without
any offensive movement, but will still
continue to guard convoys. In case the
enemy assumes the offensive they will
attack them vigorously. If the rebels
send in flags of truce they will be re
ceived. Commanders of troops will en
ter into negotiations with the chief of
the enemy to fix conditions which will
provisionally decide the terms of the
suspension of hostilities. The neutral
zone to be agreed uoon shall be of two
kilometers. Everything is to be re
ferred to the general of the division.
Captain-General Blanco will reserve his
definite approbation to the terns
granted.
* ,
FLED TO EVADE A
MOB AT MATANZAS.
Consul Brice and His Staff and Uheir
Families Arrive at New
York.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The Norwe
gian steamer Herman Wedel 'Jarlsb&r
arrived this afternoon from Matanzas,
bringing thirteen passengers, who fled
from that port to evade the Spanish
mob. The passengers were United
States Consul Brlce and his staff and
their families.
Consul Brice said that for three days
before leaving Matanzas the people
threatened his life and at all times his
property was in danger. His secretary
was obliged to flee for his life, as the
mob threatened to drag him through
the streets. During these three days
the Consul stuck manfully to his post,
distributing supplies to the starving
reconcentrados and relieving their ne
cessities. At 7 p. m. of the Bth inst. he
got notice from Havana to withdraw
from his post. The Jarlsberg "was the
only steamer In port, and Captain
Kjesland agreed to take the Consul and
his party to New York. At 10 o'clock
the party embarked and the steamer
immediately sailed.
The Consul left all his baggage, nnd
none of the party was able to bring
away any personal effects. The Consul
sul says that the condition of the peo
ple is terrible, and that the authorities
are making no efforts to supply their
wants.
SAGASTA THREATENED
BY THE PRETENDER.
Don Carlos Will Hold Aloof Only
While the Honor of Spain
Is Upheld.
LONDON, April 12.— According to a
special dispatch from Venice, Don Car
los, the pretender to the Spanish
throne, has declared his intention to
"hold aloof from hostile manifestations
so long as the Spanish Government up
holds the honor of the nation; other
wise he will take the steps he deems
necessary to support the dignity of the
country." _
Monadnock to Sail.
VALLEJO, April 12.— Orders from
the Secretary of the Navy were re
ceived to-day directing the monitor
Monadnock to proceed to Port Angels,
Washington. Preparations are being
made to sail on Saturday. The moni
tor will not go into drydock before Bail-
Ing, nor will the repairs for which she
came to the navy yard be finished.
MASON'S
VOICE IS
FOR WAR
Senators Show Ijmpa=
tience at the PoliGy of
the President.
Willing to Support the Execu=
tive, but the Cubans Must Be
Made Free.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— For nearly
three hours to-day the Senate had the
Cuban question in its several phases
under discussion. Three resolutions
bearing upon the question were intro
duced, the first by Lindsay of Ken
tucky, directing that the contemplated
operations against the Spanish army In
Cuba be in conjunction with General
Gomez, the supreme command to be
vested In the United States forces, to
the end that the Independence of the
Cubans be restored; the second by Wil
son of Washington, directing the Presi
dent to at once take such steps as will
restore to the Cuban people an Inde
pendent republican form of govern
ment, and the third by Allen of Ne
braska, declaring the existence of war
ln^ Cuba, and directing the President to
take steps to stop it and secure to the
people of the Island stable and inde
pendent government.
Following the introduction of the res
olutions speeches were delivered by
Pettus of Alabama, Mason of Illinois
and Butler of North Carolina. Judge Pet
tus presented an argument that the
Congress could not delegate to the Pres
ident the power to make war, either in
a general or in a special sense, and de
clared that the making of any war
without an express declaration by Con
gress would be a disgrace to the na
tion. Mason said, in substance:
As before announced to you in language
which could not be misunderstood, I am
for war, and have been since the hour our
flag was lowered in Havana harbor and
the lives of our citizens taken by the
Government of Spain. But lam and have
been for this declaration of war only as
a means of securing an honorable peace.
I have no desire to destroy the Spanish
nation, but her flag must be dishonored
by surrendering her sovereignty over
Cuban territory as an atonement for the
lowering of our flag, the sinking of our
ship and the murder of our men. While
I am for war, I realize that I have but
one poor vote in the war-making power of
this Government, and I stand ready In
this hour to uphold the hands of the ex
ecutive and take the best I can get. I
have been indulging in a hope, that
seemed almost a certainty, that the ex
ecutive would recommend intervention
and independence to the Cuban republic.
Intervention by force of arms as recom
mended by the President Is war. To de
clare for Intervention without declaring
directly, openly for war seems to lack
frankness and savors too much of Span
ish diplomacy. If we can have armed in
tervention without recognizing the in
dependence of Cuba and can have nothing
else, I must accept the will of the ma
jority, reservinc to myself the right to
respectfully protest, and also reserving
the right to tight for the independence of
the bravo men, women ajid children in
the island of Cuba.
Mason then went into the history of
what had been done by this country In
the past regarding recognition, and
continued:
Mr. President, It seems almost like in
sulting the intelligence of my colleagues
to call attention to the civil government
existing in Cuba and controlled by the in
surgents when it is known that through
that government they have collected
hundreds of thousands of dollars and
maintained a standing army that has
kept at bay nearly 200,000 armed and
equipped Spanish soldiers and has given
evidence of as great bravery and endur
ance as any army in all the recorded past
The brilliant orator from lowa said the
other day. In the other House, that "hov
ering above the dark waters of that mys
terious harbor of Havana the black
winged vultures watch for the dead, while
over It and over all there is the eagle'«<
piercing eye, sternly watching for the
truth."
Mr. President, is It to continue to be an
eagle, or will the avarice and greed of
the nation cause it to descend and par
take of the vulture's food?
Perez, writing to Aranguren, said, "The
Yankees are hogs, and if you conquered
your own independence they will absorb
you." Mr. President, did he tell the
truth?
Mr. President, are we going out on an
errand of mercy loaded down with day
books and journals? Are we to forget
our citizens who went down In the har
bor of Havana, in our greed for gold and
territory? Are we to leave the door open
to compel additional terms from the In
surgents who sacrificed their wives their
children and their homes? Do we' wish
special treaties of commerce and leave
the door open for that? Do we wish to
relieve some American in%-estors who
have bought Spanish bonds and who wish
to trade them lor the bonds of the re
public? Do we, worse still, wish to leave
the door op^n to compel those brave men
and women to accept some terms of au
tonomy or to pay blood money to the
Spaniards or the Shylocks of our own
land?
May I be forgiven if I express the hope
that the heart of the executive may be
touched in their behalf? May we not
hope that their last lingering look of life
be not with suspicion and hatred upon
our flag; that It may not rest upon that
color of tue yellow iiag of Spain, but that
in their rapt and parting moments they
may be soothed and sustained by the
sight of their own flag, the flag with a
single star— the flag of the republic of
Cuba?
Mr. Butler of North Carolina fol
lowed Mr. Mason. He said that he be
longed to what was popularly termed
the opposition on the floor of the Sen
ate, but he maintained that this oppo
sition had thus far upheld the hands of
the administration as loyally as had
the best friends of the President, and
were ready to do so as long as they
can preserve their self-respect. Mr.
Butler expressed the hope that the
Foreigrn Relations Committee would be
able to bring in a resolution that the
Senate might adopt unanimously, as it
voted for the $50,000,000 emergency ap
propriation. In the present circum
stances we would be justified in driv
ing every Spanish vessel from the seas
and in laying waste ever- city and
town of Spain. This because of the
destruction of the Maine — one of the
foulest crimes in history. He main
tained that the. United States had even
more exalted reasons for the establish
ment of Cuban independence— the rea
sons of humanity and liberty, and
said:
I am for avenging the Maine, and would
be if Cuba did not enter Into the matter.
I would secure atonement from Spain for
the destruction of the Maine and so many
of her gallant crew, not by conquest, not
by Indemnity, for we cannot make mer
chandise out of the bones of our dead;
but let us say to Spain that we will es
tablish a Cuban republic as a monument
to our dead of the Maine. If Spain will
not accede to this let us make good the
proposition with our army and navy.
Mr. Butler regretted that the Presi
dent did not tell Congress what he
meant— just what he wanted. He dis
agreed with the President concerning
the recognition of the Cuban republic,
maintaining that to stop the war on
the island without granting the inde
pendence of the Cuban republic sim
ply meant the crushing of the Cuban
patriots, and he asked:
Why did General Lee hurry to Wash
ington? We were informed that he would
have to get out of Havana before the
President's message was read. Yet here
comes a message that causes the Span
iards to build bonfires and rejoice, and
starts the stock tickers to clicking mer
rily and causes smiles to spread over the
countenances of Wall street gamblers.
Within a few hours, I hope, we will be
called upon to vote upon a definite prop
osition. The last one I voted for with
pleasure. I voted for the $50,000,000 emer
gency appropriation. I am ready to vote
for $50,000,000 or for $200,000,000 to avenge
the Maine and to free Cuba, but I'll not
vote to expend a dollar for any doubtful
policy, and I'll not vote for any scheme
to protect Cuban bondholders as against
humanity and freedom and Independence.
At 3:55 the Senate went Into execu
tive session, and at 4:45 adjourned.
ELECTION RIOTS IN
PORTO RICO TOWNS.
Press Censor Prevents Correspond
ents From Sending News to
This Country.
Copyrighted, 1808. by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. THOMAS, April 12. — Advices
from Porto Rico are to the effect that
the populace is still excited over the
elections, which resulted in a Liberal
majority of twenty-five. On Tuesday
the Governor issued a proclamation
against disorder. Four newspapers
charge fraud in the elections. One hun
dred and fifty persons throughout the
Island have been arrested. Three per
sons were killed and twenty-six wound
ed in riots In Cayey and elsewhere.
£enor Ramos has gone to Spain to rep
resent the Liberal cause In the Cortes.
The people are aggravated by the prob
ability of rebellion. If military author
ity was restricted and more scape given
to autonomy internal peace would be
assured.
The censor at Porto Rico stops all
news over the wires and the Herald cor
ened with expulsion,
respondent in San Juan has been threat
ened with expulsion. I was notified
on Saturday that he had been placed
incommunicado for sending news to the
Herald. Consul Hanna was not allowed
to interfere in any way in his behalf.
The Captain-General is favorably dis
posed, but informs me through the Brit
ish Consul here that he is powerless
under the military government.
STRICKEN WITH TOTAL
BLINDNESS WHILE ASLEEP.
Trinity County Woman Retires in
Good Health and Awaaens
Bereft of Sight.
REDDING, April 12.— Mrs. Erwlna Busk,
a married woman of family, residing
In French Gulch, Trinity County, was
stricken with total blindness last night
while asleep. The awful afiliction came
upon her without warning and the light
passed out of her life before she was
able to realize her great misfortune.
Mrs. Busk has enjoyed good health.
Last night she retired at the usual hour.
She was awakened during the night by
an aching sensation in her eyes. She did
not realize the meaning of her discomfort
until the morning had dawned, and she
slowly awakened to the awful helpless
ness of her condition.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
■j Perhaps IliQ
"New Woman "mil
<^§% be a stronger wo-
\Zf man than the old
<- 2>-~OK>^>v one. Certainly,
1\ *J *C^. fresh air , and the
I . » i\ii,iiiii//ll' right exercise will
yJmltflHX" do much for her.'
V'fl^^^^OCX Fresh air is a great
yEs«j«|ig|iJ~T restorative, exercise
ji -^^^ftj^^O^r a great nerve tonic
fi i P|||rass&lf if a woman be in
w|^i|^S condition to take it.
jaWft l»fjPaa A healthy woman
' IP^islSfir^ can avoid disease.
'lßkr* She can avoid the
*~yt |!|( 7ir\\ seemingly almost
A I R^fr rNtt \ inevitable '• weak-
vll'nlii H' 3 ness " of her sex if
V, La *E a she pursues the
vAwlUflf —v proper hygienic
I.W < s methods. The
•^^^^l^^**^^ fame methods will
J* - not cure her if she
t ,* ~~- *;i be already sick.
Taken under medical direction, in con-
nection with the right medicine, they
will help effect a cure. No women who
suffers at all from so-called "female weak-
ness " should attempt athletics of any
sort. She should first put herself into
possession of strong and hearty health by
taking Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
After she is thoroughly well, exercise and
diversion will help to keep her well. The
cure should come ; first. ; Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription is designed and rec-
ommended for only the one thing. It
acts directly upon one set of organs. Nc
matter what is the ' matter with them, it '
will cure it. It will not : cure anything
else. It is a wholesome ; tonic, an invig-
orating nervine, or nerve-food as well \as
a healing medicine, > and thousands of
perfectly well women have found that by
taking .it f regularly during ' the period of
pregnancy, ; the danger • and pain of par-
turition were • much lessened,' and in
r any cases, almost, entirely obviated.
.' . : In every American household, there should be
a copy of Dr. Pierces ■ great work, "Common
Sense Medical ''Adviser. '.'. 1008 pages, j illustrated.
One copy free to any address on receipt of 31 one-
cent i stamps ■to ■■ pay for • mailing only. 'World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Eminent Physician and Specialist Who Has Discovered
How To Tell If We Have Kidney,
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble.
HOW TO FIND RELIEF AND CURE QUICKLY.
You May Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
There comes a time to both men and
women when sickness and poor health
bring anxiety and trouble hard to bear;
disappointment seems to follow every
effort in our behalf; we get discouraged
and skeptical. In most cases s.rious
mistakes are made in our treatment,
and in not knowing what the disease is
or what makes us sick.
If a peculiar pain attacks you, try to
locate its origin and discover which or-
gan of the body is sick and in need of
attention.
If the kidneys are at fault— and In
almost every case in the failing of our
health they are — look well to their res-
toration to health .and strength.
They are the great filters of our body,
and consequently, the. purity of the
blood is entirely dependent on their
cleansing powers.
If the kidneys are not in a perfectly
clean and healthy condition, the blood
becomes impregnated with impurities
and a decay of the kidneys soon takes
place. If your desire to relieve your-
self of water increases, and you find it
necessary to arise many times during
sleeping hours, your kidneys are sick.
As they reach a more unhealthy stage,
a scalding and irritation takes place as
the water flows, and pain or dull ache
in the back makes you miserable. If
the water, when allowed to remain un-
disturbed for twenty-four hours, forms
a settling or sediment, you are in the
grasp of most serious kidney or blad-
der dis' "er.
If neglected now the disease advances
until the face looks pale or sallow,
'• '. V • I 1 -
He has now in his charge one of the largest stationary engines in the manufacturing
district of Kensington, and for more than fifteen years was one of the most trusted
engineers in the employ of the Reading Railroad Company. Speaking of RIPANS
TABULES, he said: "The lives of thousands of people often depend upon the
single hand of an engineer. The man at the throttle is responsible for the safety of
every soul aboard the ' train. He must have a steady hand and a clear eye. But en-
gineers, like all other human beings, are subject to ills and more than once RIPANS
TABULES have helped me along when; without them, 1 must have failed in my duty.
"As an engineer I have been on duty at all hours of the day and night," said this
man, who, by the way, is named John Gilliece and lives at No. 2054 East Somerset
Street in Philadelphia, "and sometimes have had to snatch my* meals with scarcely a
moment's interval of rest. Consequently I haTe at times suffered intensely from
nervous dyspepsia and poor digestion. The only thing I ever found, that would
relieve me thoroughly and quickly was a lUPANS TABU LE and I still take one
when I feel the need of a stomach stimulant. Ido not know of any thing, that could
take their place."
A n»" ft y> rocket containing TSir tabqles in a pap*>- carton (without glass) Is now for sale at torn* dnqr
•tores— ton mi csnts. ThU low-priced sort Is Intended for the poor and the economical. One dozen of th»
fira-ocnt cartons (ISO tabntea) can be bad by mall by tending forty-eight cent* to the RiM.:n CSKKIUiL Com*
txsrt. So. 10 Spraos Street, New Tort— a tingle carton (rut xabcles) will be sect tor fire casts. .
000000000000000000
»"f PALACE *•«•£
%GRAND»9IEhB °
Q SAN FRANCISCO.; < "
~f Connected by a covered- pas-saeewny. .. "
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. P
O/ All Under O.ve ; Maxaokmb.se. O
O NOTE THE, PRICES: O
q European Plan. 9l. OO per day and upward rt
** American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward <»»
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. ZIBSPATBICK, Mia» 2 8r. o
000000000000000000
VA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNBY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 531.
Residence, 821 California street, below Powell,
San Francisco.
! puffy or dark circles under the eyes, the
feet swell and sometimes the heart acts
badly.
There is no more serious menace to
health and strength than any derange-
ment of the kidneys.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Dr. Kilmer, the eminent physician and
specialist, and the mild and extraordi-
nary effect is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. All up-to-
date American and European hospitals
are indorsing it, because of its remark-
| able success in the treatment of kid-
ney and bladder disorders and Uric
Acid troubles due to weak kidneys, auch
as catarrh of the bladder, gravel, rheu-
matism and Bright's Disease, which ia
the worst form of kidney disease.
It corrects inability to hold water,
and promptly overcomes that unpleas-
ant necessity of being compelled to go
often during the day, tnd get up many
times during the night. It is just the
| remedy we need, and is dispensed by
! druggists in 50-cent nd $1 bottles.
To prove the merits of this remarka-
ble discovery Swamp-Root, you may
have a sample bottle and bock of valu-
! able information, both sent absolutely
I free by mail upon receipt of three 2-
i cent stamps to cover trbst of postag-
on the bottle. The value and success
of Swamp-Root are so well known that
our readers are advised to write for a
sample bottle and to kindly mention
the San Francisco Daily Call when
sending their address to Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Binghamton. N. T.
' Copyright. 189S— Dr. K. & Co.
DR.MCMLIY.
T'niM KNOWN AND lIKLIABI.E Of. ft
•J. -Spe«>iaiL<<triim l*rlvatP,N>rvons,B:ood«ud Skin
xn<n>H.«e» of Men <vu r y. Manly Power rostnretl. Orer
a)y»:irs>jcper!enc«». Send for Book. free. P»rleuM
cured at Horn«. Terms reasonable. Ilocrs. 0 to 3
dally;fi:3otos..'»cv'jcs. Kdi.days.lo to K. Ct>nsalta-
uoufrce and sucredlyconndentJaJ. Call oraddresa
P. ROSfOE WC7VUE.TT. US. D..
23.^ Kearnr Ntreet. San FraneiMM. «\H.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Ib a powerful plinwllM and speciac louiU
(or ib« eexual. and urinary oraaos of both
fexea. and a. great remedy (or diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Kestoratlvs,
lnvlgorator and • Nervine. . Sells on Ita own
Uerits; no long-winded testimonials I necessary.
NABER. AL.FB & BRUNK. Agents. = - -. '
m Market Street. 8. (Send for Circuit*.*
34
THE POPE'S
EFFORT TO
MAKE PEACE
Some Interesting Corre
spondence Made Public
by a Roman Paper.
It Is Evident From the Nature of
the Documents That the
Publication Is by Au
thority.
ROME, April 12.— The Osservatore
Romano, organ of the Vatican, pub
lished to-day the text of the documents
bearing upon the Pope's mediation in
the Cuban crisis. They are prefaced
by a note saying the Pontiff, "seeing
the imminent danger of war between
Spain and the United States, inter
posed his action with the greatest so
licitude and entire efficacy in order to
avert it and smooth over the obsta
cles."
There follows a note, dated April 9,
sent by the Spanish Minister of For
eign Affairs, Senor Gullon, to Mgr.
Merry del Val, the papal chamberlain,
requesting him to inform the papal
secretary of state, Cardinal Rampolla,
co that the latter might communicate
It to the Pope, that the Spanish Gov
ernment, "in consequence of the ar
dent, noble and repeated urgings of the
Pope," had decided to order Captain-
General Blanco to "concede immedi
ately a suspension of hostilities for the
period which his prudence may deem
fit. with the view to prepare for and
facilitate peace."
Continuing, the note reads: "Whil^
I have the pleasure of thus satisfying
the wishes of the Reverend Pontiff.it is
also agreeable to me to communicate
to your Excellency that the Embassa
dors of the six great powers, in a col
lective visit to me this morning, found
their aspirations in harmony with
those of the Pope, to whom, on this oc
casion, we recall our previous dispatch.
With confidence that he will watch
with care, so that our corresponding
Just demand may be satisfied and that
the prestige of this Catholic nation may
not be destroyed."
The paper dcres not publish the pre
vious dispatch mentioned above.
A third document is a dispatch from
Cardinal Rampolla to the Papal Nun
do at Madrid, in which the latter Js In
structed to communicate to the Spanish
Government the satisfaction experi
enced by the Pope at the Immediate
suspension of hostilities, which the
Pontiff considered "very expedient In
SEAMEN PERISH
FROM EXPOSURE
Two Survivors of the Ship
Maryborough Picked Up
at Sea.
Toll of Horrible Sufferings Which
Caused Their Comrades'
Death.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamship Saale, which ar
rived to-day from Genoa, reports that on
Sunday last she picked up a lifeboat con
taining two men of the crew of the ship
Marlborough of Windsor, N. S., who prob
ably are all that survive of the ship's
crew of fourteen.
The Marlborough sailed from St. John,
N. 8., on March 16 for Sharpness, with
a cargo of deals, On April 4, during the
height oi a i;a.le, the Bhip went to pieces.
The crew attempted to launch the life
boat, but it was dashed to pieces before
It reached the water. There was one
other boat. The men went to work mak
ing life rafts from the cargo of deals and
nine of them left the side of the water
logged vessel. Captain Cochran and
four men were the last to leave In the
remaining boat. Shortly after the life
boat lost, sight of the remainder of the
crew.
The little crew suffered fearfully from
thirst and later from hunger. On April
7 Captain Cochran died from exhaustion
and exposure, and the following clay an
other occupant of the boat died and on
Easter morning another of the crew.
There were now left in tho boat Chief
Officer George V. Masters and Seaman
James Fannon. Both were will nigh worn
out from hunger and thirst.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Horses That Showed Their Fields the
Way Past the Judges.
CINCINNATI, April 12.-Results at New
port: Selling, Jive and a half furlongs, Puerty
■wiin. Cyclone second. Hoffman third. Time,
1.-07 H.
Selling, half a mile. Satin Slipper won. Dolly
Regent second, Grievance third. Time. ;49 ] 4-
One mile and fifty yards, lm. Wagern-Fond
ling won. What Next second. Sister Stella
third. Time, 1:43. a new track record.'
Four and a half furlongs, Kentucky Colonel
won, MoCuren secoi.d, Ernest \V likes third.
Time, :U>\. . . -
Six furlongs, Eggler won, Rotha second. Eu
nomla third. Time, 1:15%.
Five and a half furlongs, selling , Horace
■won, Dave S second, Carlotta C third. Time.
1:074,
MEMPHIS, April 12.— Weather clear and
pleasant: track fast.
Seven furlongs, selling, Ben Frost won, Se
dan second, Oniraoor third. Time, 1:31.
Half a mile, felling, Pearl Barnes won Gay
Parlmenue second, Fleeting Kay third. ■ Time.
:49V.
Five furlongs. Primate won. Belie Ward sec
ond. Voyager third. Time, 1:02%.
Half a mile. Gastou Hotel. stakes. Cathedral
won, Faustoro second, W. Overton third. Time,
:60V». ■ . ■.■.••:•. ', ■ -
One mile and a sixteenth, sibling, Paul.Kau
var won. Celtic Bard second, Estaca third.
Time, 1:50%,
Six furlongs, selling," Czarowit* won." Mamie
Callan *ecoml, Kosclo third. Time, 1:17.
WASHINGTON. April 12.— Results at Ben
nlng:
Five and a half furlongs. General Maceo won.
Tappan second. South Africa third. Time.
1:08%.
The Arlington stakes, four furlongs. Prestl
dlgltatrloe won. Sister Fox second. Chemisette
third. Time, :&0.
One mile. Fiesta won, Glenolne second,
Knight of the Garter third. Time. 1:46.
Four furlongs, selling. Tyr Shena won. Hol
den second. Dropllve third. Time. :51.
Maidens, hurdle, mile and a half, over six
Jumps. Valoroms won, Squan second, Rosque
third. Time, not taken. .
Enriched Nieces and Nephews.
SACRAMENTO, April 12— Thomas H.
Wilcoxson ci Colusa to-day filed for pro
bate the will of his uncle, the late Jeffer
son Wilcoxson. The estate Is valued at
$170,000 and is divided into fifteen equal
shares among the nephews and nieces of
the deceased. Only last February Wll
coxson gave $100,000 to the same heirs and
rot long before that he divided $1,200,000
between them. He was a pioneer of > -»9
and made his fortune in this and Yolo
counties.
order to avert the scourge of war and
facilitate the pacification of the is
land."
The note concludes: "Thank the
Spanish Government, in the name of
the Pope, and be good enough to as
sure it that tho Pope will not fail to
use his influence where the occasion
offers, in order that the legitimate
wishes of the Spanish Government
may be realized, and the prestige of the
noble Catholic nation be unimpaired."
After this the Osservatore Romano
prints the dispatch of congratulations
sent by Emperor Francis Joseph to the
Pope, «n the happy issue of his Inter
vention, adding: "I venture to hope
that with the heln of the Almighty, the
interests of humanity will be safe
guarded."
The Osserv;.tore Romano concludes
the publication of its series of docu
ments with a dispatch from Washing
ton, dated April H, the source of
■\ hlch is not indicated, saying:
"The suspension of hostilities has
produced an excellent impression. I
have no doubt of the mciintenance of
peace. We shall have bellicose speeches
in Congress, but without results. The
influence of the Pope in obtaining the
armistice is fully recognized by the
American people and is hailed with
gratitude."
LONDON*, April 13.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
"At the Vatican the President's mes
sage is regarded as pacific. Archbishop
Martinelli cabled from Washington this
morning (Tuesday) that the armistice
had produced an cxc lent effect in the
United States and the situation would
end in warlike speeches in Congress,
which would nt lead to action.
"At the Italian Foreign Office, the sit
uation is regarded less favorably. It
is recognized that the message is mod
erate, but not absolutely pacific, and it
is feared that the insurgents will re
ject the armistice."
The Vienna i.orrespodent of the Daily
Chronicle says: The Cabinet has com
menced official Begottatioi with Spain
suggesting that the future relations be
tween Cuba and the Spanish Govern
ment be based upon the model of
Canada and England.
ARCHBISHOP OF
QUEBEC IS DEAD
Cardinal Taschereau's Labors
for Educational Prog
ress Ended.
Was an Ecclesiast Revered by
Protestant and Cathollo
Alike.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
QUEBEC. April 12.— Cardinal Tasche
reau died at 6:15 o'clock to-night.
The Most Reverend Elzear Alexandre
Taschereau, D. C. L., Cardinal and Arch
bishop of Quebec, was born at Sainte
Marie de la Beauce, Quebec, February 17,
IS2O. He was educated at the Seminary
of Quebec and In Rome, receiving the
tonsure at the age of IS. In 1542 he was
ordained a priest at Quebec, and from
that year until 1554 occupied the chair of
moral philosophy at the Quebec Seminary.
He resumed hi.s studies in Rome in 1&54.
and In 1858 the decree of Doctor of
Canon Law was conferred upon him by
the Roman Seminary. Returning to
Quebec, he was director of the Petit Sem
inalre until 1559, when he became director
of the Grande Semlnaire and a member
of the Council of x üblic Instruction for
I. ewer Canada. He was made Superior of
the Grande Semlnaire and Rector of
Laval University in 18fiO, and Vicar-Gen
eral of the diocese of Quebec In 1562. In
1866 he again became director, and in 1569
was re-elected Superior of the Grande
Seminaire.
He was consecrated Archbishop of Que
bec in IS7I, and in 1881 was made a Car
dinal, being the first Canadian to receive
the beretta, ;in<l was congratulated alike
by the Protestant and by the Catholic
press; his advancement being regarded
us the merited reward of a long life de
voted to educational progress.
SAYS AMERICANS
ARE IN NO DANGER.
The Consul-General of England at
the Port of Havana Has Calmed
Their Fears.
Copyrighted, 1893, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 12.— The Spanish
cruiser Nueva Espana arrived this
morning.
La Lucha to-day publishes the fol
lowing: "Alexander Gollan, that is to
say, the Consul-General of England,
who actually fills the consulate of the
republic of the United States, under
took yesterday to calm many Ameri
can citizens who wished to leave Cuba
because General _cc had told them
they were threatened with abuse and
hostile acts. Mr. Gollan needed great
patience to calm the great number of
American men and women who called
to consult him. He explained to all
that what had been told by Mr. Lee
was without foundation and that they
ran no risk whatever.
"Mr. Gollan was aided in his task by
Vice-Consul Jerome and Pro-Consul
Arostegui."
YOUNG MINER ENDS
LIFE WITH POtSON.
REDDING, April 12. -William Boyce, k.
well-known miner of Shasta and Trinity
counties, committed suicide In Vollmer's
hotel at Trinity Center by draining the
last drop of a vial of laudanum. His
lifeless body was found in bed at G
o'clock this morning. On a table by the
bedside was found the empty vial, which
told the story of his passing.
The suicide had but recently returned
from Quartz. Tuolumne County, where he
had been employed in the mines After
spending a few days at his old home in
French Gulch he went to Trinity Center
It is said that he had been drinking heav
ily. His aged mother lives near Igo. The
dead man was a native Of this county
and 26 years of age.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APKIL 13, 1898.
SPAIN CRIES
OUT FOR WAR
Even Statesmen Do Not
Approve the Message
of the President-
Affect to Be Confident That
It Will Lead to
Peace.
There Is an Undercurrent of Opinion
That the Situation Has
Grown Graver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, April 12.— The Republican
and revolutionary El Pals prints the
following headlines on its front page:
"The solution of the conflict is a
national U-overnment, a military dic
tatorship and a war with the United
States."
Its leading editorial announces that
the conductors of the paper, "putting
party politics to-day into the back
ground and thinking only of the father
land, urge the formation of a national
Government composed of Republicans,
Liberals and absolute monarchists."
The editorial denounces the Govern
ment for "meeting patriotic cries with
sword cuts," and appeals to the people
and the army to "save Spain from trai
tors."
While the message of the President la
much criticized by the general public,
and by a portion of the press as provo
cative, it is known that the members
of the Government and General Wood
ford do not consider it so, but are con
fident of a permanent peace.
The Government has greatly strength
ened its position by the manner in
which it restored order after yester
day's events. To-day tt u <» city of Mad
rid wears its usual aspect.
The Ministers have been in Cabinet
session to examine the cabled digest of
the message, all reserving their opin
ions, except Senor Moret, who has de
clares that the document does not shut
the door on their hopes for peace.
The Bourse received the message
badly. Senor Silvela, the leader of the
dissident Conservatives, characterizes
it as grave.
Diplomatic circles generally maintain
discretion, confining themselves to
statements that the powers wiii pre
serve peace.
Senor Sagasta, the Prem.er, on leav
ing the palaca after his daily visit to
the Queen Regent, informed the news
paper representatives that the Govern
ment was awaiting for the full text of
President McKinley's message before
acting on its contents. He said also
that he considered the message, so far
as it was known to him, not hostile in
tone toward Spain and that he would
continue desirous of peace, for obtain
ing which the armistice in Cuba afford
ed the meai i.
LONDON, April 13.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail, tele
graphing at 7:30 Tuesday evening,
says:
"The message has produced a very
deep and bitter impression. Many
friends of the cabinet share the senti
ments of general discontent. I am as
sured on grood authority that Senor Sa
gasta is very much disgusted with tho
message, seeing the difficulties ahead
as a consequence of it.
"The comment in political circles is
very heated. Many people believe the
Government ought to show greater en
ergy. Senor Moret is said to have
expressed the opinion that the message
is 'not so bad as I had anticipated.'
"The influential press is rather re
served in its comments, but the im
pression which this message has made
upon the people at large is very un
favorable. They, however, appreciate
the gravity of the situation.
"Notwithstanding the rumors that
the Carlists have been fomenting the
war feeling this is not so.
"The ringleaders in the recent dis
turbances will be proceeded against in
the ordinal tribunal."
El Correo, the official organ, -will to
night give its first impressions since the
reception of the cabled abstracts of |
President McKinley's message. It will
say: President McKinley's insistence
on the right of American interference
in Cuba is little agreeable to Spain,
while his complaints against the pro
longation of the war appear steeped
In bitter Irony."
MINORITY REPORT
OF THE DEMOCRATS.
They Will Favor the Recognition of
the Independence of the Re
public of Cuba Now.
WASHINGTON, April 12.— The Dem
ocratic members of the Foreign Affairs
Committee held a meeting to-night and
adopted unanimously the following' res
olution, which they will offer in com
mittee as a substitute for the majority
report:
Resolved, By the Senate and House of
Representatives of the Uniteu States, in
Congress assembled:
Section 1. The United States Govern
ment hereby recognizes the Independence
of the republic of Cuba.
Section 2. That moved tnereto by many
considerations of humanity, of interest
and of provocation, among which are the
deliberate mooring of our battleship
Maine over a submarine mine and its de
struction in the narbor of Havana, the
President of the United States be and
herehy Is, directed to employ immediate
ly the land and naval forces of the Unit
ed States In aiding tho republic to main
tain the Independence hereby recognized.
Section 3. The President of the United
States is hereby authorized and directed
to extend immediate relief to the starv
ing people of Cuba, and for this purpose
the sum of $1,000,000 is hereby appropri
ated.
RAILWAY RATES FOR
COAST CONVENTIONS.
CHrCAGO. April 12. — The executive
committee of the Western Passenger As
sociation met to-day to consider the com
missions that are being paid in various
parts of the association territory and in
particular commissions on Northern Pa
cific Coast business. It was found that
in some cases excessive commissions had
been paid, but their existence was trace
able to the fight between the American
roads and the Canadian Pacific. It was
decided, therefore, that the large com
missions should be withdrawn wherever
they have been in effect, and a resolution
to this effect will be presented at the gen
eral meeting Thursday.
The Southern Pacific has given notice
that It will demand the following arbl
trartes between Portland and San Fran
clrco and Portland and Los Angeles for
the meetings that are to be held on the
Pacific Coast this summer: Between
Portland and San Francisco, one wav or
round trip, $12 ."0; between Portland "nnd
Los Angeles, one way. $22; round trip, $31.
"Kid" Parker Yet Til.
SACRAMENTO. April 12.— "Kid"' Par
ker the pugilist, who was to have fought
Griffo before the Sacramento Athletic
Club on Thursday night, while still very
ill of inflammation of the bowels, will
probably recover. He will be removed to
a hospital to-morrow. His manager'
George Harting. promises to get a first
class man to meet Griffo, but will require
coir- time for training.
GREAT BALL OF FIRE
FROM THE HEAVENS
STRIKES NEAR KENNETT
Meteor Passing From East to West Lands on
the Mountains With a Loud Ex
plosion.
REDDING, Cal., April 12.— At 8 o'clock Sunday evening a great ball
of fire shot out of the east, back of the high lime rocks at Baird, and,
passing with terrific velocity to the west, over the Pit and Sacra
mento rivers, exploded with a heavy detonation on the mountains near
Kennett. The duration of the heavenly missile's flight was about ten
seconds. It brightly illuminated the heavens, and for a few seconds
trees cast their shadows as in the glare of sunshine. When the shoot
ing star burst into scintillant fragments a sound as of hissing steam
quickly followed the sullen roar and rumble of the crash.
R. H. Rosemann and Joseph Jaegal, who are operating a copper
mine on the headwaters of the Stillwater, near Pit River, were sit
ting in front of their cabin when the fiery visitor passed across the
heavens. In speaking of the marvelous sight Mr. Rosemann said:
"There was a sudden illumination and a large, fiery ball made its
appearance above the high lime rocks, shooting at a terribly rapid
pace in a westerly direction, crossing the Pit and Sacramento rivers
and exploding somewhere north of Kennett. I believe it was a me
teor, its night lasting about ten seconds. It exploded with a heavy
report and there was a prolonged sound like escaping steam. It was
an imposing and beautiful spectacle, such as I never saw before. Mr.
Huwaldt, living a mile south of me, heard the detonation, but lost
sight of the meteor."
TOWN WITHOUT
REAL ESTATE
No Resident of Needles
Owns the Land He
Occupies.
The Title to the Site of the
Desert, Metropolis Is in
Doubt.
Citizens Wish to Havo a Test Suit
Hurried Through the
Courts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 12.— San
Bernardino County contains a town of
1000 inhabitants in which there are no
property-owners. This seema a strange
state of affairs, but it is nevertheless
the true condition of Needles. Not a
single individual owns the ground on
which his place of business or his
dwelling .stands, and upon the county
assessment book appears no record of
anything but personal property at the
1 desert metropolis.
The resaon for this unparalleled
state of affairs is that the land upon
which Needles is located was with
drawn from entry by the General Land
Office, being what is known as a rail
road section, and is claimed as station
grounds by the Santa Fe Pacific, the
successors of the Atlantic and Pacific
and Southern Pacific railroads, as a
part of a land grant from Congress.
The residents claimed that the railroad
failed to comply with certain regula
tions laid down by Congress, and the
Secretary of the Interior authorized
the institution of suits for the fc-rfeit
< ures of this track, along with other
lands.
A suit entitled the people of the Unit
: ed States vs. C. W. Smith, receiver of
j the Atlantic and Pacific, et al., was
i commenced in the United States Cir-
I cuit Court for the southern district of
California to quiet title of the Govern
j ment to this land, but for some reason
lit was dropped. The people of Needles
i have now unanimously requested that
the case be taken up. A resolution has
been passed by the Board of Supervi
sors requesting the Federal authorities
! to act, and the inhabitants of Needles
; will not rest until the affair is defi
i nitely settled.
The progress of the town has been
gTeatly retarded by this unusual con-
I dition, and the railroad company now
appears as anxious as any private citi
zen to see the question settled and title
to the land given. The place is a divi
sion point, and has many enterprises of
note. Owing to its fundamental defect
it has never been able to organize a
municipal government. Town improve
ments, except by individuals, have
been an impossibility, and people have
been careful about Large investments of
capital.
TOD SLOAN PRAISES
CALIFORNIA RACING.
Pleased With His Success on the
Pigskin at the Local
Tracks.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Tod Sloan, who
has returned from San Francisco, speak
ing of his work on the coast said:
"The racing was excellent, and I am
more than pleased with the showing I
made out there. I rode better than ever
before in my life. I learned more about
riding this winter, too, than 1 ever
thought I knew before. I attribute a
good deal of this to my short experience
in England, riding, as I did. against tlu>
best jockeys In the old country. I rode
with a longer stirrup, but still kept the
same position in the saddle that I have
always done. I think a long stirrup en
ables 1 me to finish much stronger. If it
is not that I don't know how to account
for my improved riding, for I know I
finish stronger now than I formerly did.
"Prospects look bright for a good racing
season in the Eaat. Our horses (the
Messrs. Fleichmann's) are all in great
shape, but not likely to run any
where before the Morris Park meeting
opens. Consequently I don't expect to be
in the saddle at either Bennlnga or
Aqueduct.
"I shall probably go to England in Feb
ruary next year and may ride there all
season."
"BRANN NO. 2" KILLjSD.
Texas Editor Slays His Man and
Himself Succumbs to Wounds.
DALLAS. Tex. April 12.— J. G. Smith,
editor of the La Salle Isonomy published
at Cotulla, Lasalle County, enraged In a
duel on the streets of Cotulla last night
with Henry May. May was killed out
right and Smith died to-day. Smith, who
was known In West Texas as "Brann No.
2," had "written up" his adversary, who
was a popular young man.
Moonshiners Jump Bail.
LOS ANGELES. April I.— Joseph Bren
dell ard Cru^k? -i sscl of San Luis Obis
po, who were indicted for j >onshining
by the Federal Grand Jury and gave bail
to the Unneu States Commissioner there
to appear in the Circuit Court failed to
appear to-day, an^ their bail was de
clared forfeited. It is said there is a
strong ii 1'!1 '! c a'-'-t'n*- them, and their fail
ure to appear indicates that they have
left the country.
Sultry at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, April 12.— The weather
was unusually warm to-day, the ther
mometer registering 82 degrees.
COPPER RIVER
GOLD STRIKE
News Reaches Seattle of
Bonanza Finds by
Prospectors.
From 23 to 30 Cents a Pan
Considered a Low
Average.
First of the Season's Argonauts Are
Reaping a Golden Harvest
in Alaska.
Special Dlsnatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 12.— The steamship
Excelsior arrived in port to-day from
Port Valdes and Frioce William Sound.
She brings a report of the first gold
discovery made this year by argonauts
who are exploring the Copper River
fields. A number of prospectors have
located on the Bremner River, the sec
ond important branch on the east bank
of the Copper River. One who had
just returned to Orca brought the story
of the discovery of important diggings.
He claims that to get 25 or 50 cents to
the pan was considered low, as many
claims were running as high as $1 to
the pan. This was taken out near the
surface, as no holes had been sunk to
bedrock. The report created consider
able excitement at Orca and Copper
River and a number were preparing to
go to the new fields.
At present Bremner River can be
reached over an Indian trail from
Eyak. Considerable of the distance is
over the ice and through Baird Can
yon, which is a barrier to navigation
from the mouth. After the ice breaks
up Bremner River can be reached only
by crossing the Valdes Glacier and
coming down the Copper River in
boats.
An unfortunate prospector met a
| terrible death on March 30 In an icy
crevasse of the Valdes Glacier. With a
i party of friends from the East he had
j made good progress across the glacier
and had worked to the fourth bench
near the summit. He slipped into one
j of the dangerous cracks that are be
| g i nmn & to appear on the glacier and
efforts to stop himself were unavailing
I His cries were heard and the longest
rope available was lowered, but it did
not reach him. About two hours after
the accident he gave one last, feeble
cry. The body was not recovered The
men who brought the news into Cop-
I per City the night before the Excelsior
■ sailed had not learned the name of the
I unfortunate man.
The steamship Alliance reached here
late to-night from Port Valdes On
board was Chris Webber, the man
whom officers of the Excelsior believed
had jumped overboard from their ves
sel on the down trip. It is explained
that Webber purchased his ticket, had
all his personal effects on the Excelsior
and intended to return as a passenger
but she sailed without him, althou-h
the steward insisted that he had gotten
aboard and when he was found missing
it was proclaimed that he had jumped
overboard. Webber was the inventor
of a steam sled which proved a failure
in the north.
♦v P " ku- F °' ey £ f Arkans as returned on
the Alliance. He reports that the Lev
party and others from California have
made the trin over the glacier and are
now camping in the timber on the other
side He also brings the report that a
gold strike has been made at the lake
across the glacier, from which the pros
pectors are taking out from fifty cents
ot seventy-five cents a pan.
FAVORS CO-OPERATION
FOR BETTER PRICES.
Besolutions Adopted by the Fruit-
Growers' Convention at Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, April 12.-The fruit
growers met in convention to-day again
The morning was given up entirely to
what the unregenerate outsider would
probably denominate as a prolonged dis
cussion on "bugs." The several papers
read, however, were valuable, although
quite technical to an outsider S \
Pease of San Bernardino spoke on "In
sect Pests, Tree and Plant Diseases etc "
H. Hamilton of Orange, *\ Austin of Fall
brook, G. Compers of Los Angeles and
Alex Craw, State Quarantine Officer all
spoke upon the same topic. During' the
afternoon the deciduous fruit growers
met and adopted the following resolution-
Resolved. That it Is the sense of this con
vention that U.e only hope o' relief from the
present depression In deciduous fruit growing
lies in methods of grading and marketing
which are possible only by co-operative effort.
Several papers of Interest to fruit men
were read and the convention adjourned.
RUSSIANS TRIED TO
STEAL THE TOWN.
PEKING, April 12.— Details of the con
flict between the Russians and Chinese
at Kin Chou tend to show the disturb
ance was due to an attempt made by the
Russian commander to take possession
of the town. He tried to persuade the
Chinese General that Kin Chou belonged
to Russia by virtue of the recent agree
ment arrived at between China and Rus
sia regarding the cession of Port Arthur
and Talien wan. The Russian com
mander demanded the evacuation of the
place within twenty-four hours, the Chi
nese refused to leave, and the matter
was eventually referred to Peking and
St. Petersburg.
FLAMES AIDED
BY THE WIND
Heavy Loss of Property
in South San
Jacinto.
Ten Buildings Destroyed, In
cluding the Large County
Hospital.
Firemen Powerless to Check the
Blazs Because of a Heavy
Gale.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JACINTO, April 12.— Fire broke
out this morning in a small frame
house in South San Jacinto, occupied
by James Wilkinson and family. All
morning the wind had been blowing as
It had not blown before in years. The
heavy gale fanned the blaze to such
an extent that four other cottages were
soon in flames. The lack of water
made it impossible to even check the
fire. After consuming five frame cot
tages the flames crossed the street or.
the south side, burning to the ground
a two-story brick building belonging to
H. T. Hewitt, which had been erected
a few years ago at a cost of $2400. Next
to go were two small buildings ad
joining the brick one on the south.
From there flying embers were hurled
to the McDermott blacksmith shop,
which was soon reduced to ashes.
In the meantime the flremen were do
ing everything possible to save the
County Hospital on the opposite side
of the street, but the lack of water was
again in evidence, and the big two
story brick building was soon ablaze.
The hospital building was built dur
ing the boom by H. T. Hewitt at a cost
of $47,000, and was used as a hotel. It
was well known all over the State as
the Palma Hotel. Two years ago it
was purchased by the county for a hos
pital. At the time of the fire there
were thirty-two patients in the build
ing, all of whom were taken out In
time. Nearly all the furniture was
saved from the hospital building, but
none from the frame cottages. The
hospital was insured fur $10,000, but
there was very little insurance on any
of the other property burned.
Hard work, wet blankets and salt
saved the two-story brick residence of
J. C. Jordan, which stood within 100
feet of the burning buildings.
The Board of Supervisors will in all
probability order the hospital building
rebuilt at its next meeting on the first
of the month. The hospital patients
are all comfortably housed in the sec
ond story of the Long block.
EXPLOSION OF POWDER
DURING A CONFLAGRATION.
Large Chinese Store Building in
Trinity County Blown to
Atoms.
REDDING, April 12.— The one-story
frame building of the Quong Sing Com
pany, one of the largest Chinese merchant
concerns in Northern California, was
burned in Eastman's Gulch, near Lewis
ton, Trinity County, at 1 o'clock this
morning. There were four Celestials
sleeping in the store. When the fire awak
ened them they turned their attention to
saving what icw valuable articles they
could. Then, In uespair, they Middled
together like Si.eep as close tj the blazing
ruins as the intense heat would permit
and watched the progress of the flames.
A lot of powder stored in the premises
was evidently forgotten, for in a moment
there was a terrific explosion, which
lifted the burning debris into the air and
scattered It in all directions for hundreds
of feet. Tiie clothing of the ' ' ..nese was
lighted, and they ran around yelling like
maniacs, completely panic-stricken. All
of them were powder-burned and bruised,
and one Celestial was struck on the face
' y a piece of debris and so seriously in
jured that he is now probably dead, as
he was not expected to live when word
reached Redding of the disaster. The
extent of the loss is not known, and
there was probably no insurance.
The same company's store in Saasta
was destroyed by fire a short time ago,
entailing a loss of many thousands of
dollars, without a cent's insurance.
VENTURA CONFLAGRATION.
Fire Causes a Loss of Over Ten
Thousand Dollars.
VENTURA, April 12.— Fire broke out at
11 o'clock this morning in the rear of the
warehouse of F. W. Baker's hardware
store, which is in the center of the city.
The fire rapidly spread in all directions.
The warehouse contained an extra stock
of stoves, nails, sewer-pipe and general
hardware, while in one portion was
honey canning machinery worth $3500.
The building and its contents were de
stroyed, entailing a loss of $4000, with $1500
Insurance.
The adjoining building on the east was
occupied by Conner & Blackstock, gro
cers. Their warehouse was destroyed.
It contained a large amount of flour,
canned goods, soap. Ice and kerosene. The
loss was $3300; insurance, $1750.
The second building to the east was
occupied by Jones & Son, druggists. The
rear end was damaged and the asphal
uim roof of the Leon Cerf Company, li
quor dealers, was partly destroyer, to
gether with a largo number of empty
bottles.
Numerous persons In the vicinity sur
fered slight losses. A. D. Steward sus
tained a damage of $150. The dwellings
of T. H. Jones and M. Oliver barely es
caped. The tailoring establishment of
Madison & Ruggles was scorched, as was
the building occupied by Miss Gandolfo
as a dress-making shop. The goods were
removed from all these buildings.
The fire lasted over an hour. The Chi
nese Fire Department did great work.
This was the third disastrous tire this
year, over $60,000 having gone up in smoke.
Pioneer Hop-Grower Gone.
SANTA ROSA, April 12.— Otis Allen, a
v.-ell-known pioneer, died here to-day,
aged 69. He was a prominent citizen of
Sonoma County lor nearly a half-cen
tury, and was said to have been the pio
neer hop grower of the Pacific Coast. He
was a native of Maine. Tne funeral will
be held at Sebastopol on Thursday under
Masonic auspices.
Pioneer Dies in Woodland.
WOODLAND. April 12— James Temple
Read, a pioneer, a native of Kentucky
and fi6 years of age, died in this city last
night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYONS I
Rheumatism iCure is guartntefrtl to be absolutely
harmless, and a Btron<* tonic In building up the weak
*nd debilitated. It cures acute or muscular rheuma-
tism in from one to five days. Sharp, shooting pains
In any part of the body stopped In a few dose's. A
prompt, complete, and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, stiff back and all pains in Lips and loins.
Chronic rheumatism, eclAtlca, lumbago or pain in
the back are speedily cured, it seldom fails to give
relief from one to two doses, and almost invariably
cures fore one bottle has been used. The Munyon
Remedy Company prepare a separate cure for each
Jisease. At all druggists— 2s cents a vial. If you need
medical advice writa Prof. Wunyon, 1005 Arch
Street, Philadelphia. 1^ It Is absolutely free. ',4y
'RHEUMATISM!
TWO VESSELS
IN COLLISION
The Steamship Willamette
Runs Down the
Islander.
Disaster in Juneau Harbor, in
Which No Lives Are
Lest.
Both Vessels Delayed at Alaska
While Repairs Are Being
Made.
Special D!«patch to The Call.
VICTORIA, April 12.— The steamship
City of Topeka : rrived at Nanaimo
this afternoon, brii.qing three large
j sacks of mail from Daw n City. She
I brings news of a collision b^uveen two
of the liners engaged in the Alaskan
service. The steamship Islander and
the steamship Willamette ran afoul of
! each other and both were damaged, to
what extent was not learned when tha
Topeka sailed.
The collision occurred in the harbor
at Juneau. The steamship Y'illimetta
I was running alongside the wharf when
her machinery became, inn yh soma
! cause, uncontrollable, md she ran at
1 full speed into the Islander, cutting a
big hole in the side of that vessel. As.l
far as can be learned no one was in- •
IJured.1 Jured.
Since leaving port the Islander has
had a series of accidents. On her way
north she ran ashore on Mary Island
and tore off one of her screws. She
proceeded north under the one propeller
i and after an eventful voyage arrived
1 safely at Skaguay. She had scarcely
' got started on her way south when an
other accident occurred, as a result of
which she lost three blades from her
other propeller. Then soon afterward
1 she encountered the Willamette.
When the Topeka left Juneau the Is
i lander had been beached on Douglas Is
| land in order that she could be patch-
I ed up sufficiently to allow her to con
i tinue her voyage to the nearest port
! where permanent repairs can be made.
The steamship Willamette was stand
ing by, also making preparations to g«
i on the beach.
FACTS!
THE WEAKLINGS OF THE
world can be cured. The puny
of the earth can become strong.
The feeble men can be vigorous.
Are you feeble? Are you weak?
If you are would you care to be
in a better state? Read on!
I FACTS!
The Hudson Medical Institute
was organized for the sake of help-
ing unfortunates like you. It asks v
you for no single thing except a
desire to get well. It will send you
free of all charge statements from
others who have been cured.
j
FACTS!
The Hudson Medical Institute
will charge you a fair and not an
exorbitant sum for treatment. It
has no means of paying its group
of doctors except through contri-
butions of patients. These are
facts. Do they read like truth?
FACTS!
The grand remedy that is given
for puniness and for abuse of fac-
ulties is named "Hudyan." It has
fame that is world-wide. It has
cured 18.000 men. If you suffer it
will cure you. That, too, is a fact.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
6TOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
Circulars and testimonials, show-
ing what "Hudyan" has done, are
quite free. They are to be had by
personal application or by writing.
If you see signs of blood taint you
can get "30-day-blood-cure" circu- m
lars as easily. And if you have a
case of blood taint the Hudsonian
doctors will cure you promptly — and
they will cure you permanently.
mriloiDEsq
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S <=«•»
fHM Museum of Anatomy
i fwm 1051 BASSET ST. iet. 6th ft 7th, S. T. ZH.
B gjj|« W The L«r S of li« kind in tb- World,
\^wl\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Ooniultaitoo (tee. ITrila for B»ok
1 1 Philosophy of Marriage.
n»iu» rwtc.
RRTTQWT7Q FOR barbers, bak-
UllU OIUjO tra - bootblacks, bath-
, ■'■■•- ■.-■-• - houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
flyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
n . an JBers. printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
_ . BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturfcrs.GOO Sacramento St
Tho pura essential "extract from the native drwrr. Com
without it! V « a ' Uab ° medlcln;d Properties of O; I ,„,
without its noxious elements. So sickness cf ston hi
no TomlUng '" costlvenwa ■no headacbe.As lmi^ . UkDIED FROM
EFFECTS OF
THE WOUND
Martin Kicinich the
Victim of a Mur
derous Negro.
Assaulted With a Cobble
stone and Fatally
Injured.
His Brutal Assailant. Known to
the Police as a Des
perate Me.i.
REFUSED HIM A MEAL.
Ho Albo Attempted to Brain the Keeper
of a Restaurant With,
an Ax..
Martin Kicinich, a cook in a restaurant
at "12 Brannan street, died in St. Mary's
pita] last Monday night from the ef
1 fects of being struck in the head with a
cobblestone by a negro who is known as
rle* lienn. alias Cleveland Williams.
On \>:c night of January 19 Benn, alias
Williams, entered the restaurant and de-
mand'-d something to eat. Kicinich,
knowing that he was a desperate char
. refused to wait on him and or
dered him to leave the place. The mur-
derous liegro went outside and picking up
a cobblestone re-entered the restaurant.
While his unfortunate victim was en-
i vi preparing a meal Williams
i the cobblestone at him, felling him
to the .'lour. Although partially stunned
from the effects of the blow, Kicinich
started after his assailant The latter
ran down Brannan street and made his
<■. Kicinich was bleeding profusely
from the wound in his head and at the
advice of a friend he visited the Receiv
ing Hospital. Subsequently be wa« re
moved to St. Mary's Hospital, where he
Monday night. Yesterday his body
removed to the Morgue and the po
lice wore at once notified.
A tew days after assaulting Kicinich
Williams visited another restaurant a.t
633 Mission street and was given employ
ment as a dishwasher. Shortly after be- '
ing employed the proprietor, Mark O'Ka
llscke, had some trouble with htm and :
discharged him. He returned the same j
night, and, finding O'Kaliscke asleep in I
a chair, he picked up a hatchet and after
tying a brick to the blade struck his help- j
loss victim on the head. Inflicting a ;
deep wound. He then proceeded to take
the contents of the cash register, but was i
frightened off by a customer who hap- j
pened to drop in at the time. O'Kaliscke |
was found in a semi-conscious condition
and removed to the Receiving Hospital. I
ite recovered from the effects of the i
wound and has since then endeavored to
assist the police in apprehending his mur- •
derous assailant, but without sue
].:t<\ aig^i. ('hlef Lees detailed four of \
his best men. to run down the negro. It
is believed that shortly after the assault i
on O'Kaliscke he left the city. The Sher- '
iffs of interior counties have been fur- '
nishod with a description of him. and
every effort will be made to arrest him.
VALLEY ROAD CONTRACTS LET.
Two Local Firms Secure the Work on
the Six-Mile Sections Near
Pranklyn Tunnel.
At the meeting of the board of directors
of the Valley road yesterday afternooa
two contracts for road work on the line
near Martinez were awarded. The two
contracts call for the completion of two
Bections of track, each six miles in
length, on either end of the Franklyn
tunnel. The contract for the eastern sec
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I MONEY GOULD NOT BUY IT. !
» . ; ;. ■ »
| Another Man Made Happy by This
| Wonderful Belt. g
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT 1
8 Is an appliance which is known all over the world for its B
B wonderful tonic influence upon the waning vitality of men ®
• g and women. Its touch is the touch of life. Warmth and ®
3 energetic health follow its application within ten days. A #
« permanent cure of all weakness— restoration of new life £
O is assured in the longest standing cases within ninety days. £
« MONEY WOULD NOT BUY THE BELT. »
g DR. AT. SANDE N ) : NNOR CREEK « BoUlder County, Cal., April 11, 1898. »
w Dear Sir— is thirty days since I bes:an using your Belt and lam happy 8
« to say that I feel like a well man. I haven't had a loss since the first mo- B
« mentl put the Belt on and the pains in my back have all left me ™SJs?o ' 2
« the Belt nights and found immediate relief and would not part with It for 8
C: any price if I could not get another. I am thankful to you for your »
« advice and wonderful Belt, and will be pleased to recommend it to any
J5 one in need of one. Very respectfully yours, A. ROUDERBUShT *-*
g A GRAND REMEDY. g
# It assists nature by a gentle re-enforcement of vital energy by in- £
w fusing a mild, warming, invigorating current of electricity into the 8
nerves; and by supplying the system with the very essence of nerve «
« vigor and nerve strength. ' w
o READ DR. SANDEN'S BOOK, FREE.
B It Is full of valuable information to weak men. It explains why ■&
r< medicine fails and Dr. Sanden's Belt cures. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt* &
£; Is as good for women as for men. - Book free. Call or address . 0
« SANDEN ELECTRIC GO., * ' BEWARD ' * .'..g
« ir\l>Utn CLCV- I rVIV- V.U., $5000 REWARD B
632 Market Street, San Francisco. wm be Daid f , w
,B NOTE-Make no mistak. In the number- .7 "' D r, ?♦ r °f .Of. On ® ° f
l£ «2 MARKET STREET. . these Belts which fails ft
' *■* Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, ]• ■ to ■ generate a current of 11
« to L Branches at Lob Anreles. Cal., 204 Vi iri<wrt/.ltv - ' U
CD South Broadway; Portland. Or., 25S Washington . Js-iectncity. .£,
» street; Denver Colo.. 9SI Sixteenth street; •* :: — — — — — . _■*• fT
« Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. ' - . : B
■«: ...---.■ ■• • ■ ■■- • ■ ' -.:■■: ' . - ■ '■a
tion was awarded to the firm of Erickson
Bros, and the western section waa secured
by Buckman & Kelso. The time allowed
for the completion of the work is until
September, 1899, and the amount of the
bonds required $50,000 Jn each case. The
reason for the rather extended length of
time allowed in the contracts is that it
will be necessary to cut three Bmall tun
nels on the work, one on the eastern sec
tion and two on the western. There were
six bids for the work, but as the terms of
the firms that will do the work were the
most satisfactory they succeeded in se
curing the prize.
The approaches to the big Franklyn
tunnel have all been completed, and it is
thought that the work on the tunnel
itself will commence next week.
The road to Kern River has been
finished, and while the work of building
the great steel bridge over the river goes
.steadily on, the grading on the other side
has commenced and preparations are be
ing made to start building the link from
Visalia to the other line. The connection
between the two lines will be made at a
point just east of Tulare Lake known as
Waukena Junction.
COMING IN
JURY-RIGGED.
The British Bark Willstott
Arrives Here in Dis
tress.
The British bark W< lstott, sixty
eight days from Haioto, was spoken by
the steamer Arcata ten miles west
southwest of Doxbury Reef yesterday.
The bark had evidently seen some
rough weather, as she was dismasted
and beating into this port under a jury
rig. The vessel was bound for Puget
Sound and her cargo was consigned to
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
The tug Reliance was sent out at a
late hour to tow her into port.
LOVE DROVE
TO SUICIDE
Maggie O'Donnell Kills Herself
After Quarreling With
William Lyons.
A quarrel with her sweetheart at a
saloon on the corner of Howard and
Fourth streets yesterday afternoon drove
Maggie O'Donnell to take her life with
carbolic acid shortly after her lover had
left her as a result of a misunderstand
ing between the two.
About 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon the
girl entered the saloon with a man named
William Lyons. They went to a wine
room in the rear of the place, and were
there some time, when Lyons came out
alone. Soon afterward people in the sa
loon heard a body fall to the floor, and
hurrying back to the wineroom found
the girl lying on the floor in an uncon
scious condition. Aid was summoned
from a drugstore near by and a doctor
was sent from the Receiving Hospital,
but the girl was dead before the physi
cian arrived. The Coroner's office was
notified and the body was taken to the
Morgue.
The mother of the girl lives at Cleve
land and Seventh streets, and when in
formed of her daughter's death went to
the Coroner's office to see her child. She
was prostrated with grief, and her wail
ings over the loss of her daughter were
heartrending.
Young Lyons was formerly an employe
of the Southern Pacific, but lost his posi
tion some time ago. He and me girl had
been keeping company for over a year,
but owing to the objections of the girl's
parents the love affair had been broken
off for a couple of months last year, in
December the objections of the parents
were overcome, and the two young people
began to keep company again. They had
frequent quarrels, and the one of yester
day was only one of many which had
troubled the girl for a long while. Just
what the Immediate cause of the trouble
was is not known.
The Coroner had a great deal of trouble
in securing information in regard to the
suicide. The proprietor of the saloon, A.
J. Smith, was under the influence of
liquor, and refused to answer any ques
tions asked him in regard to the matter.
He also closed the mouths of his bar
keepers by commanding them not to talk,
so exactly what took place in the saloon
is not known.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO., Murphy Bid*..
Mkt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
WALKER'S PERILOUS MARCH.
FIFTH MATE CHARLES WALKER of the ice-bound steam whaler
Orca, fast in the ice at Point Barrow has just completed a marvelous march
to civilization through thousands of miles of enow and ice. He took the
Mackenzie River route for Winnipeg at the 6ame time that Third Mate
George Tilton of the Belvedere started by way of St. Michaels. Though his
Journey was not quite so perilous as that of Tilton its completion was a
marvelous achievement of skill and endurance in battling blizzards for fiva
months, marching through Arctic wilds by the aid of dog sleds and two In
dian guides.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
War Excitement Keeps
Affairs in a Dull Con
dition.
Large Rancho in Santa Clara
County Sold Under Fore
closure, •
Some Few Fair-Sized. Sales Are Car
ried. Through — The Records, Auc
tions and. Random Notes.
The war excitement continues to
have its effect on the realty market
Sales are scattering and generally for
Email amounts. Hardly a week passes,
however, that some large transaction
does not mark an oasis along the dull
line of march. Two or three of some
magnitude will be mentioned else
where in this column.
The San Martin rancho, in Santa
Clara County, lying generally between
San Jose and Gilroy, and consisting of
numerous parcels making a whole of
2480.7 acres, has been bought in at
foreclosure sale, held in Easton, El
dridge & Co.'s offices, by the San Fran
cisco Savings Union for $158,000. The
land was originally bought from Dan
iel Murphy by C. H. Phillips. It is
mostly good fruit land. E. B. Pond
and H. C. Campbell, as trustees of the
San Francisco Savings Union, held the
property in trust on a loan, the inter
est and principal of which had amount
ed to $160,100. After the legal notice
was read, an hour being consumed in
the laborious technicality, the land
was offered in parcels. Outside com
petition was had on two parcels, which
sold respectively for $700 and $1400. The
rest was bought in in a lump by the
Savings Union trustees for $158,000. A
number of parcels have already been
disposed of by Phillips under contracts
of sale, and where balances are due
they will go to the Savings Union.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were 64 mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amount
ing to $188,300. For the same period 48 re
leases and reconveyances passed to rec
ord in the total sum of $254,655. VThe
principal mortgages and trust deeds were
as follows:
By Edward Rolkin to David, Hugo D.,
Edward A. and Oscar C. Keil, $30,000 for
five years at 6% per cent on property in
100-vara block 362. on the west line of
Third street, 70 south of Stevenson, south
60 by west 60: by the Hibernia Bank to
the Roman Catholic Archbishop of San
Francisco (a corporation). $20,000 for one
year at 6% per cent on property in West
ern Addition, block 298, on the southeast
corner of Fell and Fillmore streets, south
137:6 by east 152:6; Edward Mctzger (trus
tee for Louis Metzger), to William F. Mc-
Nutt. $10,000 on property in Western Addi
tion, block 57, on the north line of Sutter
street, 120:3 east of Van Ness avenue; by
R. H. Lloyd to Isabella Levy, $19,000 for
five years at 7 per cent on property in 50
vara block 166, on the north line of Sut
FOUR WOMEN EVICTED.
Under circumstances painfully embarrassing ten deputies from the
Sheriff's office evicted four women, two of whom were sick, from their
home at 3928 Seventeenth street yesterday. The evicted were Mrs. Mary
Elizabeth Mathai and her daughters Lulu, Rose and Julia, the latter
an invalid for many years. The mother is sixty-eight years of age and
for months has not been out of the house but twice.
The circumstances under which the roof was taken from over the
heads of these women are peculiar and pathetic. At least it proved so
to the deputies who carried the household effects out upon the street
while the two sick women screamed and passed from one convulsion
to another as they saw the operation of the arm of the law. It was not
for rent due. They lost their home In which they had lived for eight
years by the foreclosure of a mortgage held by the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society.
Six years ago the eldest daughter, Rose, so the old mother says,
caused her to place a mortgage on the house in favor of the bank for
$5800, and, as the women say, the interest on the money has been paid
with promptness. A little over a year ago an action to foreclose the lien
on the property was begun, and although several lawyers were em
ployed to defend the action Judgment was had by default, and the
younger women were warned to move as the bank had bought the property
at the Sheriff's sale. Twice were extensions of time granted and
elapsed, but still the occupants refused to leave. At last the aid of the
Sheriff was invoked, and yesterday an order of eviction was executed.
It was not until the Sheriff's men appeared at the door that the old
woman knew that there had been either suit, sale or order to leave.
Then she broke down and her cries of distress could be heard all over
the block The Invalid daughter, Julia, became equally distressed, and
after shrieking to the top of her voice for a few minutes she went from
one convulsion to another until prostrated. At last a kind-hearted
neighbor took compassion upon the lick women and had them taken to
her home near by. Bureaus, beds, tables, trunks, chairs, pictures, a
piano and articles of household goods and bric-a-brac, the accumula
tions of many years, were piled out upon the street by the officers. The
women seemed demoralized and refused to take any advice as to the
storing of their goods until such a time as they could move to Napa,
where they say they own a large tract of land and a valuable magnesia
mine worth thousands of dollars.
They tell a strange Btory to the effect that they own 640 acres of
timber and grazing lands in Tehama County, besides large realty in
Napa and twenty-two lots on the Corbett road. Some of this land they
say they would sell, but are unable to get anything for it. According to
the women's story their father and mother have not lived together for
a long time. The father is J. C. S. Mathai, and he and their brother are
now living in Napa.
Late last evening the household goods were moved away for storage,
and the homeless women were given shelter by friends.
ter street, 37:6 east of Mason, east 50 by
north 87:6.
The principal release was from the
Hibernia Bank to Albert and Henry
Lachman, $150,000 on property In 100-vara
block 140 on the south corner of Fremont
and Market streets, southeast 137:6 by
southwest 137:6.
RECENT SALES.
Charles E. Gregory has carried through
a transaction which will aggregate $100,
000. William F. Goad, one of the parties
to the exchange, owns 1450 acres of land
near Niles, fifty being in fruit and the
rest mostly in grain. Anthony Dwyer,
the other party, owns the lot on the
southeast corner of Hyde and Jackson
streets. The lot is 137:6x102:6, and has on
It eight two-story and basement houses,
renting for $350 a month. The exchange
is made on the even basis of a $50,000 val
uation.
David Bush of the country department
of Umbsen & Co. reports the sale of a
suburban home near Stockton by A. C.
Smith to a Miss Townsend of Tuolumne
County for $4200. The property consists of
five lots and a good house. The same
agent reports the sale of five acres in
Orinda Park, Contra Costa County, by
William Minto. at $120 an acre.
Jacob Heyman reports the sale of block
60 of the Abbey Homestead for $1350, and
ten lots in block 71 of the same home
stead, as well as two lots on Mercer
street, in Gift Map No. 2, for $500, three
lots in Outside Lands block 722, for $6«>,
and a lot on the northeast corner of
Crescent avenue and Moultrie street, for
$500.
The following recent sales are reported
by -G. H. Umbsen & Co.: Christian
Koblcke to E. Buchel, lot on northwest
corner of Filbert and Taylor streets, im
provements and lot 30x60 feet; Anna and
William Osterloh to C. H. Ward, improve
ments to No. 46 Silver street, and lot 25x
70 feet. Maria J. Haubert to W. S. Keyes,
Improvements and lot 75x75 feet on north
west corner of Silver and Third. Frank
Clarke to Bertha Mauser, lot 25x125 feet
on south line of Fifteenth street, 150 feet
east of Noe. Agnes Haye3 to L. Stuhr,
Improvements and lot 25xS0 feet on east
line of Lexington avenue, 185 feet south
of Eighteenth street. Enice Hatch to
Henry Ryder, improvements at No. 34
Elgin Park and lot 22x75 feet. Leonard J.
Gates to Henry Bohls, lot 25x137:6 feet on
north line of Fell street, 428 feet west of
Masonic avenue. Harold French to A.
Ruef, lot 25x120 feet on west line of
Twenty-fourth avenue, 190:4 feet north of
B street. Sarah N. Morris to Charles S.
Wheeler, flats Nos. 1418-20-22 O'Farrell
street and lot 27:6x94:6 feet. George L.
Carroll to Gertrude M. O'Brien, improve
ments to No. 906 Devlsadero street and lot
25x100 feet. C. B. Stone to Leopold Wein
stein, improvements and lot 100x75 feet,
situate on the north line of Silver avenue,
110 feet east of King street. Laura M.
Blair estate to William Price, improve
ments to No. 2131 Mission street and Capp
255 feet south of Seventeenth, 50x245 feet,
two frontages. Laura M. Blair estate to
G. B. Capurro, undivided half interest In
lot 6, block 33, West End Map 1. Margaret
Toomey estate, No. 1121 Treat avenue,
improvements and lot 25x112:6 feet.
Charles McKeever estate to James Boyd,
improvements to Nos. 21-21}fc Welch street
and lot 20x80 feet. Guardian Building and
Loan Association to James C. Dunn, im
provements and lot 55x110 feet on south
east corner of Fulton and Steiner streets
The Golden Gate Building and Loan As
sociation to Mary Blanchard, Improve
ments to No. 365 First avenue and lot USx
120 feet. Progress Mutual Loan Associa
tion to Eph. Weiss, Improvements to No.
2016 Baker street and lot 25x106:3 feet.
Bridget O'Day estate to Catherine Mor
risey, improvements to No. 228 Clara
street and lot 20:6x80 feet. Nora Bedell
estate to C. P. Leighton, improvements to
No. 209 Diamond street and lot 35x64 feet,
F. E. Leppien to P. J. Tobin, improve
ments to No. 1232 Green street and lot
34:3x70:7% feet. Leopold Hirsch to Wil
liam yon Voss, improvements to Nos
720-20 V* Central avenue and lot 25x106:3
feet. Mary A. Rodgers estate to John M.
Manning, lot 25x112:6 feet on south line of
Filbert street, 112:6 feet west of Steiner;
lot 25x112:6 feet, on west line of Steiner
street, 37:6 feet south of Filbert; lot 37:6 x
112:6 feet, on southwest corner of Steiner
and Filbert streets. Catherine Stone es
tate to Albert Katz, improvements and
lot 27x114 feet on north line of Alvarado
street, distant 65 feet west of San Jose
avenue.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
The following sales are reported as
made by G. : H. Umbsen & Co. at their
latest auction sale: A lot, 100x120. on the
east line of < Ninth avenue, 350 feet south
of H street, 1 $2300; lot on the south : line
of Page street, 87:6 west of Laguna, - 25x
87:6, with an L 12:6x50, for $1800, with an
If, and two flats of four rooms each and
lot 30x100. at. 1522 and 1524 Sixteenth av
enue, with an if. - '■ ' ■;
O. F. yon Rhein & Co. will hold a ref
eree and probate sale of miscellaneous
private property by auction on the 28th
but "... . . ."■ ■.■. ■ -. ■ .
G. H. Umbsen & Co. are preparing for
a probate auction sale to be held May 9.
Easton. Eldridge & Co. will hold a
miscellaneous auction sale on ; the 19th
lnst. | The catalogue Includes properties
in the Western Addition, Mission and
Castro Heights districts. ,-..*«■. -s.
RANDOM NOTES.
G. J. Anderson will erect a two-story
frame building of two fiats on the south
side of Oak street, east of Laguna, at a
cost of $3200.
The Western Iron Works has secured
the contract for placing in position the
two gas holders and steel tanks for the
Equitable Gas Light Company at the foot
of Hyde street. The cost will be in the
neighborhood of $29,000.
Four stores and a flat are to be con
structed on the northwest corner of
Central avenue and California street at
a cost of $10,000. S. Delmue is the owner.
Hirsch Bros, will erect a two-story
and basement frame building on the west
line of Stockton street, north of Vallejo,
at a cost of $4500.
Property-owners south of the park
have at last secured the sewor for which
they have worked so long. The first sec
tion, on H street, between Seventh and
Fourteenth avenues, has been tet for
$15,000. .
Strikers Are Quiet.
There was little or no perceptible
cliangc in the condition of the striking
printers yesterday, unless perhaps the
prevalence of a number of wild rumors
from employers that men were going
back, and from printers that the Typo
thetae were on the point of acceeding to
their demands, but none of these could
be authenticated. The printers deny that
tney have been boycofting, but say that
boycotting has been started on the oth-r
side. The manager of a firm of elecrro
tvperc, who has acceeded to the nine-hour
soa'o, says that members of the Typo
thetae have informed him that he will
get no more of their work unless he starts
in to fight the union. Many of the
strikers who were entitled to benefits
have declined to draw on them as yet,
preferring to have the amount credited to
them as dues and thus keep it in the
treasury. The shops are all running, bat
few if any have on a full force of men
and the proprietors still have hopes of
getting their old hands back, either by a
direct withdrawal from the union or
through a compromise, but the men seem
firm and say they will only go back when
their demands are acceded to.
Honor to a Teacher's Hemory.
On Friday the flag over the Columbia
Grammar School of fiis city will fly at
half-mast, and exercises In memory of
Miss Sarah Donnelly, who taught there
for seven years, and who was one of the
most esteemed of its teachers, will be
held. Miss Donnelly died on March 26,
after a short illness. She was beloved
by teachers and children alike, and so
Friday next has been set as a time when
both can do honor to her memory. There
will be remarks by various members of
the School Department and by teachers
of the school and Its principal, Mrs. L. R.
Burke, and Miss Donnelly's class will
sing the last song she taught it. The ex
ercises will commence at 4 o'clock and
will be open to all Miss Donnelly's
friends.
ADVEETISEMENTSr. - . _. ■_ '^ ,
I Domestic' Heroines. |
HJJP [KOTE FROM MRS. PINKHAM'S DIARY.]
w? *T*HE real heroines of every, X^^Bj^^^t^^ffe^^^^^
J- day are in our homes. S '5~ iKjS Y%*
Frequently, however, y^SJ^^^^^wP^^(^^^& ? aK\
it is a mistaken and /jßS^^^Sr^ml/i r l^'^^' l Jar E^
A) useless heroism. /JB^r'M^^^^^S^f - Z \>-' ■ m\ rfr
Women seem to I B^^^^^^^^^mt^ J^jß'^?** " : B*\
listen to every call fl^B^. r^m^^^^wSi^\^ flßf''^ '' - la\
j*\ necessary because they lp MWt| \ #^B'^«- *S»
*W are women. What a mis- A |B^^^OBft^?^|S';M
&3 take ! For proof read this : \ *l^^dK^ Jk
*^HP "I was so weak and nervous that I \ i^^^^--- i *-feS A \^
#J thought I could ■ not live. I had fall- _ ~^*\ \Bttt&& s^JmP^.»"^S^ ; '^' VVV V - 'i§ rfn
ing of the womb and leucorrbcea, and ""g^- \ ''■| Imm \J
thought I was going into consumption. v~^y^'- : ?v \mw
I had dragging pains in my back, burn- A*i^f|j^^^^^p^^f ,
A) ing sensation down to my feet, and so *^SBAa«WßWlWCfr^' i^ ''" M }
many miserable feelings. I was not able ' —^ r ßs^^^^ v .v^^r, ; gßPwi I(/ f^fti
1 Q73 to do my work. People said that I jjw^ v&&£f&&v^Wm WKmhj
tf) looked like a dead woman. Doctors -^"^ BM^"^T2B?i"J^ jrd&iireg?/' : '£?^^mlSff^n f^-Jk
wP tried to cure me but failed. I had given fJ^^^-ir^-'KS^fjSn Sj
up when I heard of Lydia E. Pinkham's [g^^ vS^^^.^JA.^^Wrjjfmm
Vegetable Compound. I got a bottle. I j^^^^i^ fe^ySfe-*^'^- BMKS ))m
did not have much faith in it but thought fog* fe: ■-. ' C : ': '. '. ' Writ *^
I would try it, and it made a new woman Z^^jrnfSii™wwkrs £^Sp% \ ■'^-CjJHkJm if&| u^L
of me. I have been doing my work ever --'^^jflßemsßss!l *£ffs$ * mr()Um "ill
since for a large family. I wish I could (^^^Wh3!b&Brs £j& ■■ '^jfiy^j'-jlB ' ■ lr wfc*
t5? get every lady in the land to try it, for it L^^i P^Piy>^^^ ;J^B^/// il^B^ ■ %*
| _Jfr } did for me what doctors could not do." — ///'B^.-^ ■' JJ© Fw*
wP Mrs. Sallie Craig, Baker's Landlng.Pa. w^^^^^7 / / //i I JR&' ; l
jc you can secure advice from Mrs. j^Jw'/jfclli l^Rß^ Wk qM
<«5 Pinkham's vast experience with- W&^'jiirWl^ixUm'" — m
m)I i i "t* \A/t*il"^ Tt^t* ci f" T "vrn ~n dt(^j\ S/u\ mil v\ '\Viffi/^^^s^^^v?^v g^k. f/v^»v
•TO you can talk freely to a woman. '^ . ;
' The following is the experience of ..I mffi : -'-&\&s~&'f's.\' r' SS
«pj Mrs. Meter in her own words : ' '.'■ :* : " ; '^<K X- '
&* Dear Mrs. Pinkham:— l feel it my duty to inform - ' —
gj\ you of the benefit I have derived from the use of your iSar
medicine. I have suffered for two years, and have spent
:...:'; over «one hundred dollars for doctors. There was not a ; r&*
*P ; week passed without my doctor being called to my bedside. He said I had falling of the womb, \~f
A) ■ and that I must wear a rubber ring. I wore it six months, but I still had those terrible bearing-down
Jn ■ pains, 1 and pains in my back and side. Menstruations ; were so painful that I was compelled to L
«2 take to my bed. I have taken four bottles of your medicine, and am cured of all those pains. 1 rf*^
||\ir never felt better in my life than Ido now. I would recommend it to all who suffer from female weak- QS&I
<^P ness or womb trouble. To all suffering women I would say, "Take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable \VP
£i\ Compound. It will not only save dollars/ but restore you to perfect health. I Mrs. C. E. Meier, CCL
'tip Jacksonboro, Ohio. V© 1
A FAIR FIGHT
AND NO FAVOR
Jeffries and Sharkey Signed to
Abide by the Referee's
Decision.
Alexander GreggaLns Selected to Fill
• by No Means Easy-
Position.
The Sharkey and Jeffries twenty
round boxing contest on the evening of
May 6 is now a settled fact, barring
unforeseen events.
Last evening Billy Delaney, director
general of Jeffries' affairs pugilistic,
met Tom McDonald, the spokesman for
Tom Sharkey, and also the directors of
the National Athletic Club, at the Bald
win Hotel, and articles were drawn up
and signed by the representatives of the
pugilists and the club.
They were of the same purport as was
stated in yesterday's Call, excepting
that the representatives of the pugil
ists, on behalf of Referee Greggains,
had included in the agreement the fol
lowing section, viz. :
"That when ordered to break from a
clinch the contestants must obey the
command of the referee, and that the
contestant who persists in holding his
opponent after being duly cautioned by
the referee will stand a risk of having
the match declared against him.
Either man can hit his opponent when
both arms are free."
The Queensberry rules, under which
the men will fight, state that a con
testant must be considered down when
he has one knee on the floor or when
he is hanging helpless on the ropes.
The articles also state that the fight
ers or their representatives and the
club must deposit on April 23 the sum
of $1000 each as guarantees of good
faith and that in the event of any in
terference the referee must declare the
match in favor of the contestant who
has had in his judgment the oetter of
the game up to that juncture.
It was further agreed that the pugil
ists may use bandages on their hands
if they so desire. The Queensberry
rules will be published in the official
programme so that the spectators may
fully understand what is meant by foul
fighting. i
Billy Delaney remarked after the ar
ticles had been signed and the con
course of interested spectators had
dispersed that Jeffries had made up
his mind to put up a fair fight from
start to finish and that if Sharkey, by
an oversight or a display of poor judg
ment, should transgress the rules he
(Sharkey) would find his opponent
ready to play any kind of a game
known to "the profession. '
Sharkey, however, is fully aware of
the fact that the sporting people of this
city do not favor any kind of pugilism
where rough tactics are employed by
a pugilist in the hope thereby of win
ning a quick victory, consequently he
has trained and is now being coached
by Stelzner and Baker with the object
in view of making a clean stand-off
fight and obeying the commands of the
referee.
Sharkey will remain in Vallejo until
ten days before the day selected for
th > battle, when he will return to this
city and complete his training at a
training station near the Cliff House.
Jeffries has recently returned from
a short vacation, and will be looked af
ter by Delaney until called upon to
give an account of himself. His train
ing quarters are the Reliance Athletic
Club, Oakland.
Delane would not say much con
cerning the Jeffries and Mexican Pete
fight, which is to take place at the
Olympic Club on the evening of the 22d
inst.. but a happy smile answered the
question. "Do you think Jeff has a
chance of winning the contest, Billy?"
Jim Carr, the manager of Pete, said
last evenina: that Jeffries may have a
harder game to dispose of Mexican
Pete than he (Jeffries) imagines, but
odds of 3 to " are being offered that
Jeffries will put Pete to sleep before
te:. rounds are finished.
Alexander Greggains l ill start to
| train to-day for his job, which he ex
! pects will prove to be pretty touph. He
will also telegraph Billy Woods for the
loan of the face armor which woods
used when sparring with Jim Corbett
in Carson.
"I am well acquainted with some of
the high-; uck-a-mucks of China*
town," said Greprgains, "and I havn
every reason to believe that I can pns«
ily borrow chain-armor which will pro*
tect my body in case wild blows ara
struck. You know when those V'umtj
giants get right down to business
there's no telling where their blows will
I land and I am not looking for a Jef
! fries or a Sharkey punch: not much."
Jim Chesley. V i popular all-round
sportsman, declined with thanks th«
invitation from the club and tha
I pugilists to act as referee but ha
I agreed to act as the official time
keeper for the club.
TAUCHI'S FATE UNDECIDED.
The Case of the Japanese Accused of
Murder to Go to the Jury To-Day.
The trial of Kaninhi Tauchl, the Japan*
ese who shot and killed Mary Castilla, 4
white woman, on December 2B last, wai
resumed yesterday before Judge Wallace
and a jury. Attorney Archie Campbell
for the defense eloquently argued the
case. H* said that he expected the jury
to return a verdict of manslaughter. He
ably reviewed the facts of the killing and
endeavored to prove that the defendant
was mentally irresponsible at the time.
He was followed by Judge James Hall,
associate counsel, who appealed to the
jury to save the prisoner's neck. They
confidently expect that the Japanese will
escape with a verdict of manslaughter.
The case will be resumed this morning
and it is expected that a verdict will be
rendered late this afternoon.
Taxes Refunded.
The Judiciary Committee of the Super
visors met yesterday and recommended
the refunding of taxes as follows: Hi
bernia Savings and Loan Society, $7;
Joseph Smith, $17 14; Mary Talbot, $26 33;
Ellen Kiernan, $25 26.
56
WEDNESDAY APRIL 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Managw-^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts~ S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDiTORLAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE ©AN FRANCISCO CALL {DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weel^. By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlft£s Hooae
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqnettc Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- 337 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lar^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2516
Mission street, cpen until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9*30 o'clock.. NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky straeU, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger in New York."
Columbia— "Shore Acres "
California — "Old Lavender."
Alcazar— "The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown,"
Morosco's— "Pavements of New York."
Ilvoll— "Slnbad the Sailor."
Tlvoll— Concert to-morrow afternoon,
Orpheum— V.iiuie villa.
Sherman & Clay's Hall— Paloma Schramm, this afternoon.
Y. M. C. A. Hall— "The Passion Play."
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
California Jockey Cluo, Oakland — Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Kllllpi Co.— This aay, April 12, Horses, atcorner Van Ness
avenue and Mantel streets, at U o'clock.
l:.v N. E. Clark— This day, April 12, Turkish Rugrs, at 106
Grant avenue at I o'clock.
THE SAN JOSE ELECTIONS.
WHILE the verdict of the election at San Jose
is not what the friends of good government
had hoped it would be. they may still congrat
ulate themselves that their efforts to do away with
'boss" rule were not without salutary effect. At least
the bosses learned one thing. To win a fight they
must put up good men. They are forced to make
this concession to the better element of the com
munity. The day has gone by when the politician
can defy public sentiment wholly and put up creatures
known to be parts of his machine.
The candidates elected at San Jose seem to be good
men. But for the opposition to the Rea gang men of
their standing would not have been nominated. On
the contrary, the ring would have selected creatures
of its own and used its power to force them upon a
community which had no confidence in them. By
methods known to the professional politician such
things are possible. But at San Jose so strong an
opposition to the Rea forces sprang up that there was
an absolute necessity for naming good men. Other
wise defeat was inevitable. Rea saw this and was
shrewd enough to profit by it. The outcome was a
victory for him, and yet a victory, or at least not an
absolute defeat, for the people who fought him.
The Call congratulates San Jose on having made
the Rea contingent name a creditable ticket. This
paper opposed Rea and has no regrets; but had he
put into the field the sort of nominees which would
have been selected had he not feared the public sen
timent The Call helped to arouse, a Rea victory would
have been little less than a calamity. We have not
lost interest in San Jose, and know that the efforts
made on behalf of her political freedom have not
been without beneficent result. In the future the
fight will be continued, and ultimately there can be
no other outcome than a complete triumph for the
people.
The Japanese who is on trial for a cold-blooded
murder he is known to have committed depends upon
a plea of insanity to save his neck. He is behind the
times. The plea of insanity has been overworked
zvd is now recognized as simply an indirect way of
declaring guilt and an intention of bamboozling the
public. The mortuary records of San Quentin will
show that the public is not always to be worked by
this game.
Policeman Orr swore that a certain man had been
loitering about during a certain period, and was
therefore a vagrant in the eyes of the law. The man
was able to vindicate himself by proving that at the
time specified he was in jail for petty larceny. This
climax of course spoiled the case, but the policeman
docs not seem much disturbed by the fact of having
been detected in the act of swearing falsely.
Spanish officials gravely announce that the crews
of American ships will fly into panic at the first sound
of a gun. If this is what they are building hopes of
victory on it is possible they are oversanguine. Spain
never attained but one naval victory worth mention
ing, and this was when she wrecked the Maine. His
tory records that the sailors of the United States
have won several.
An Oakland woman who sports an imposing title
has been arrested on the charge of insanity. Comes
forth her lawyer indignant to explain that the lady
was merely drunk. And he seems to have an idea
that he has mended matters.
Nevada is not acting in a very neighborly way in
excluding our cattle. If California were to exclude
the Ncvpda hog some of the sagebrush cattle gentle
men would have to go to the Atlantic to catch a
glimpse of the sea.
Now it is reported that the wicked insurgents in
tend to attack Havana. And that beautiful armistice*
warranted to wash and to stand in any climate, in full
force! The course of the insurgents is nothing less
than shocking.
Rev. Thomas Dixon of New York says that if this j
country is unwilling to avenge the murder of its sea- '
men it oupht to go to hades. Perhaps this is not ]
sound theology, but it will be accepted.
A Madrid paper has something to say about the }
"self-respect due to ourselves." It the Spanish coulJ^j
but see themselves as they are there would be great !
difficulty in collecting the debt.
Don Carlos kindly intimates that he will hold
aloof. As he has nothing else to hold, perhaps his
plan is indicative of wisdom.
An evening paper announces with every appear
ance of solemnity that the morning paper is doomed.
It's* really too bad, too.
Even yet there are times when people wonder why
Consul-General Lee was ordered out of Havana.
THE WORLD'S VERDICT ON THE
MESSAGE.
/"* ONGRESS and the people may learn much
I from the comments of the foreign press on the
message.
The history of Mr. Cleveland's Venezuela message
is recent. He had asked England to arbitrate a dis
puted boundary which for sixty 3'ears had been the
cause of friction between that country and an Ameri
can state. He treated it as an American question,
long in friction and left unsettled as a cause of war
which might lead to the landing of an armed force
from Europe within this hemisphere, and to remote
consequences of great gravity to the United States
by compelling this Government to an armed asser
tion of the Monroe doctrine. He did not demand
that England yield up the territory in dispute, for
that would have meant a demand for the dismember
ment of the British empire, which we had no right to
ask. He demanded only the arbitration and settle
ment of the boundary. When England, after refus
ing, assented, she was attacked for the concession in
every Continental capital, and bad feeling toward her
and the United States was freely expressed. That in
cident began and ended on strictly American lines
and gave no excuse for any European feeling. Our
action was wholly in line with our traditional policy.
President McKinley's message is in the same line.
There is not a phrase in it out of whicii European
interest can be extracted. It is couched in Monroe
hemisphere terms entirely, and it remains to be seen
whether Congress will observe similar limitations.
It must not be forgotten that Spain was once able
to make a European alliance in defense of he*" posi
tion in this hemisphere. The Holy Alliance, so called,
was the exciting cause of the Monroe doctrine. Eng
land, having lost her North American possessions
except the Canadas, foresaw that retentio of their
American possessions by Spain and Portugal would
make the Iberian peninsula so strong as to disturb
the European balance. To prevent recovery of lost
American domain by the armies of the Holy
Alliance Lord Canning suggested what is called the
Monroe doctrine to President Monroe and John
Quincy Adams, his Secretary of State. The alliance
was dissolved.
Let it be noted now that the United States resisted
all pressure to recognize the independence of the re
volted Latin-American colonies until they had won
independence, had expelled efficiently the jurisdiction
of the mother countries and established government
in form fit for admission into the family of nations.
Independence must be a fact, not a hypothesis, be
fore we can recognize it. The authority of the for
mer government must be at a definite end, before we
can admit its subjugation if we wish to stay in the
safe line of precedent.
In England the President's position is intelligently
understood. On the Continent it is intelligently mis
understood in Spain's interest. There is in the air
the shadow of another Holy Alliance. If Congress
declare for the independence of Cuba we will have
abandoned the Monroe doctrine and turned that
shadow into substance. We have uo more right to
demand that a European Government submit to dis
memberment when the domain lies in this hemis
phere than we have to demand that Germany give
up Alsace and Lorraine because* their people are cap
tives, held as the spoils of war. We can make the
destruction of the Maine a cause of war. Our in
tervention to stop strife in Cuba because of commer
cial damage, the expense of patrolling our coast to
prevent filibustering, and on humane grounds, may
be taken as a cause of' the declaration of war by
Spain, and in either case the issues are purely
American. But if we demand the independence of
Cuba the position acutely changes. The question be
comes European and no one can foresee the end.
In such a crisis a deaf ear should be turned to the
Cuban Junta. They have failed to expel Spain and
she has failed to overpower them. Having decla-ed
that under certain conditions they will turn their
arms against the United States, this country consid
ers them an incident in the affair.
The President has held the issue to wise lines, and
all that the Continental Governments can do is to
make faces at us and say ridiculous things about the
United States and England.
The Holy Alliance has friends in every American
newspaper office in which pretended patriotic rage
about the Maine covers a desire to help the bond
selling Junta by recognizing the independence of
Cuba. So far the President has made no mistake,
and if one come it will not be chargeable to the ad
ministration.
Of course, if Congress take the step Americans
must abide by the result and stand by their coun
try. The current tirades against the President are a
help for the enemy.
Perhaps the police know why such a notorious dive
as Abbott's saloon on Grant avenue is permitted to
run. It is the resort of criminals. There they meet
for various evil purposes and there they occasionally
shoot at each other. The last phase of the situation
calls for interference. The shooters aggravate their
offense by failing to shoot straight, thus allowing
jailbirds to escape who would better be at the Morgue
and endangering the lives of the chance, and possibly
woithy, passer-by.
The widow who came to town with $40,000 and
got into jail without much delay is counseled to spend
the money quickly. If she do not some of the con
fidence people who thrive mostly on rich widows will
assuredly be spending it for her.
City Engineer Clement of Oakland has been elected
president of the Police and Fire Commission, partly
by virtue of his own vote. Mr. Clement is not a man
whose modesty will ever balk his natural impulse to
recognize a good man.
It is a pity there is no law to cover the case of
the man Doggett, arrested for the abduction of a
girl 13 years old. To send the man to jail would be
a slur on the other prisoners, and to hang him would
disgrace the gallows.
Testimony is beginning to show that the officers
who ran away from the murderer of' Lieutenant
Burke were not only brave but generous. Each was
anxious to retire so as to permit the others to make
a reputation.
Blanco's men refuse to allow American naval offi
cers near what is left of the Maine. Let this be as
cribed to genuine solicitude. They are afraid the
wreck may careen and some of Uncle Sam's men get
hurt.
"Has Lee left Madrid?" asks an evening paper
with some show of anxiety. We think it perfectly
safe to say that he has not and that he doesn't in
tend to do so.
The statement that Spain is standing by her de
clarations does not mean that she can make them
good. The most fervid asseveration that black s white
rmlst be wholly without practical result.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
THE CHARTER "LORD MfIYOR."
IN an article which is designed to further the adop
tion of the new charter a morning contemporary
declares that no '"Lord Mayor" has been set up by
that instrument. Whatever may be said for or against
the Mayor who is actually created by the proposed
charter, there can be but one opinion as to the im
propriety of making such statements as this. It is
utterly untrue that the charter does not set up a
"Lord Mayor" — that is to say, a Mayor who in the
event of his creation will exercise unparalleled powers
in forming and controlling the government of this
city.
For instance, during his term of two years every
Mayor elected under the proposed charter will ap
point a majority of the following commissions and
boards: A Board of Public Works, which will con
trol and supervise all work done upon the streets,
sewers and public buildings of the municipality; a
Board of Education, which will manage the schools;
a Police Commission, which will appoint and control
a semi-military organization of about 600 men; a
Fire Commission, which will manage a department
consisting of about 400 active young politicians; an
Election Commission, which will appoint and control
all election officers and which will canvass the votes
cast at all elections; a Board of Health, which will
manage the hospitals and almshouse; a Park Com
mission, which will control and improve Golden Gate
Park.
No good purpose can be subserved by solemnly
affirming that the man who will direct the vast po
litical machine thus outlined will not be a "Lord
Mayor." The people may want such a Mayor. If
they do they can get him by voting for the proposed
charter. But under no circumstances whatever
should the fact be concealed that by so voting they
will enter upon an era of one-man power fraught
with momentous import.
It is true that the charter collects in the hands of the
Mayor powers which are now scattered in many
hands, but this does not deprive him of the character
described as "Lord Mayor." Experience in govern
ment has shown that while a division of power weak
ens its exercise, it also diminishes the evils which re
sult from the unrestrained play of pride and ambition.
The wisdom of such a division is now being illus
trated at Washington. Congress declares war and the
President wages it. The check of different minds is
manifested by the deliberation and caution with which
the President and Congress are considering the diffi
culties with Spain.
A "Lord Mayor" for San Francisco may be a good
thing. If so the individual created by the proposed
charter would certainly be an ideal potentate. As
master of the Fire and Police departments, and as
master of the patronage controlled by every other de
partment of the government, he could easily swing
25,000 votes at any election except one at which the
people had been roused against him. We may have
reached that stage of our existence when a Mayor
who can cast and count our votes for us has become
a political necessity; if this be the fact we have him
in the proposed charter, and we should not at the
outset of the campaign allow anybody to underrate
him.
A CURRENCY REFORM BILL.
T \RPORTS from Washington announce that the
h—/ House Committee on Banks and Banking has
framed a currency reform bill which the ma
jority is prepared to submit to Congress as soon as
a way is made for it in the House. Some sanguine
supporters of the measure are quoted as asserting that
it will be adopted at this session, and while this may
be doubted, the urgency of the issue is such that an
effort will certainly be made to accomplish it.
From a summary which has been made public it
appears that one of the chief features of the proposed
reform is that of throwing upon the national banks
the entire burden of finding gold to sustain the paper
money of the country. It is claimed they have ample
power to do this, for as is said in the preliminary re
port on the bill: "They will have the power to regu
late rates, within the narrow limits marked out by
economic law, in such a manner as to attract gold to
the country by restricting circulation when necessity
arises."
The general scheme of the bill is announced to con
tain these provisions: i. A division of issue and re
demption is established in the national treasury for
which the Secretary is authorized to set aside the gen
eral cash balances in excess of $50,000,000. No note
redeemed in gold is to be again paid out except under
"exceptional conditions." 2. National banks are re
quired to assume the redemption of current United
States demand notes in order to obtain circulation
based upon their commercial assets. 3. National
banks will be required for one year after the passage
of the act to maintain the minimum amount of United
States bonds as security for circulation. This bond
deposit may be reduced one-fourth annually, begin
ning one year after the act goes into effect. 4. A new
class of notes, called "national reserve notes," is to be
issued in place of legal tender notes deposited by the
banks with the treasury, and national banks are to be
permitted to issue current notes upon their commer
cial assets to the amount of reserve notes issued to
them. The purpose of this provision is to compel
the reversion of United States notes into reserve
notes, as well as to limit the issue of currency upon
commercial assets. 5. A tax of 2 per cent is levied
upon currency notes in excess of 60 per cent of the
capital of the bank issuing them, and a tax of 6 per
cent is levied upon circulation of the same character
in excess of 80 per cent of the capital. 6. The na
tional currency notes are to be secured by a guar
anty fund made up of a contribution in gold coin of
5 per cent of the entire circulation of each bank. The
notes are also a first lien upon all the assets of the
bank. 7. National reserve notes will continue to be
a legal tender until received at the treasury, when they
will be canceled. 8. The parity of silver coin with
gold is to be maintained by a gold redemption fund
in the treasury. 9. Silver certificates are to be issued
hereafter only in bills of $1, $2 and $5. Legal tender
notes, reserve notes and currency are not to be issued
in denominations of less than $10.
From this outline it will be seen that the bill is
along the lines recommended by the Indianapolis con
ference, though, as has been pointed out by one critic,
it is not so courageous as the bill advocated by that
conference, since "it does not provide for the speedy
retirement of greenbacks and does not declare out
right for the gold standard."
It is possible the bill may be amended in some re
spects before being reported, and it is very certain to
undergo that treatment by Congltss before it is finally
adopted. In its present form it serves to show the di
rection that currency reform is likely to take and
probably will take at this session unless war pre
vents the subject from being brought up for consider
ation.
There are some reasons for fearing that the stoning
of American Consulates may become a popular
amusement among the Latin nations. But it really
is not polite.
PRINTED WITH TYPES BEFORE GUTENBERG'S DAY.
WHO invented printing?
The honor has for a long time by
general accord been given to John
Gutenberg of Mayence, though the
Hollanders stoutly claim Jt for Laurent
Coster of Haarlem. Now comes M. Gil
liodts Van Sweren. keeper of the archives
of Paris, who asserts that neither of these
is entitled to the honor, but that it be
longs to Jean Brito of Bruges, and pro
duces some strong and convincing proofs
of his bold assertion.
M. Gilliodts will, however, hardly con
vince the partisans of Gutenberg of this,
nor the adherents of Coster, nor yet the
innumerable crowd of those who in mat
ters of history will listen to no proof
whatever on a question that they consider
already decided.
Yet he seems to have right on his side.
At the beginning of the fifteenth cen
tury the discovery of printing was "in the
air." They had already begun in Europe
to engrave writing in relief and reversed
on plates of wood, and with the aid of a
rudimentary press had multiplied many
small books of general use, such as a, b,
c books and "Books of Hours." One of
the processes consisted of engraving each
line on a separate block, a number of
which together made up a page. From
that to engrave the letters separately was
but a step, yet a wonderful leap, full of
great possibilities.
The one who first thought of engraving
in relief the die or punch with which to
strike the matrices for cutting the char
acters by the "font" was the real in
ventor of typography, the creator of
book-printing.
In the exhibition gallery of the Nation
al Library of Paris, in the midst of "in
cunables" from the presses of Colard
Fac-simile of the Last Page of the "Doctrinal" of Gerson, Printed by Jean Brito.
Mansion, a very modest place Is given to
a small book bound in red morocco with
golden threads, thus designated in the
catalogue, "Gerson — copie de deux granda
tableaux. Bruges— lmp. par Jean Brito
in 40." This volume of thirty-two leaves
is the only complete copy of the first
edition of the Doctrinal of Jean Gerson,
the celebrated chancellor of the Univer
sity of Paris, who died in 1429. It is the
first book printed from the movable char
acters of a "font" of type that has come
down to our time.
It carries no date, but on the last page,
which is here reproduced in fac-simlle
(from I/Illustration), one sees after the
"explicit fehciter" a stanza of six lines
in Latin verse, which literally translated
reads:
'•Remark the beauty of this present
writing; compare this work with other
works; put this book alongside of other
books; see with what neatness, with what
care, with what elegance this impression
has been made by the 'bourgeois' of
Brugfs Jean Brito, who has discovered
without any one teaching him his mar
vellous art at the same time as his aston
ishing instruments, not less worthy of
admiration."
It is difficult to be more precise, espec
ially in verse. The bourgeois Jean Brito,
who has written his name in full at the
end of this printed volume, declares him
self loudly the inventor of an art un
known before him and T>f which he offers
to the people of his time a first specimen.
It was in 1773 that the Abbe Ghesquiere
pointed out this categorical subscription.
The Doctrinal then belonged to M. Meer
man of La Haye. At this date the con
test for the priority of the invention of
printing was confined to Gutenberg and
Coster. On the appearance of this third
rival Mr. School of.Mayence and School
of Harlem joined forces to choke off the
posthumous claims of Jean Brito.
They denied that he ever invented any
thing. They even denied that he was ever
a printer. They cast doubts on the fact
of his ever having existed. The most that
they would accord was that he was a
skillful copyist, who had thought it good
to vaunt in Latin verse his peculiar tal
ents at the end of a manuscript, which
manuscript had later been used by a
printer, who Inadvertently reproduced the
COLLECTED IN
George P. Moore of Omaha Is a guest
at the Palace.
John Swett, ex-School Superintendent,
Is a guest at the Lick.
A. J. Larson, a journalist of Lodl, Is
registered at the Grand.
John Ross, a mining man of Sutter
Creek, Is a guest at the Grand.
State Senator C. M. Simpson of Pasa
dena is registered at the Grand.
Captain R. McDonald, the Sacramento
politician, is a guest at the Grand.
William McKlnlay, a prominent resi
dent of Nevada City, Is at the Lick.
I. S. Beckwith has come down from
Stockton and Is staying at the Califor
nia.
Dr. W. E. Gomme of Sandon, B. C, is
one of the late arrivals . at the Occi
dental.
Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Vercoe and H. C.
Nelson are all registered at the Palace
from England.
Charles Mclver, a capitalist of San Jose,
is at the Palace. Mrs. Mclver accom
panies her husband.
A. E. Hawley of Santa Barbara, accom
panied by his mother and sister, is stay
ing at the Occidental.
Charles O. Ball, a manufacturer of
Lowell, Mass., is a guest at the Occi
dental, where he arrived yesterday.
E. R. Marriot, son of the proprietor of
the News Letter, has left the California,
■verses with the rest. In short, Jean
Brito was wrong. He came on the scene
too late. The opinions of the world had
already been formed.
M. Gllliodts Van Sweren has published
a large volume entitled "The Works of
Jean Brito," making an appeal for justice,
which gives strong proofs from newly
discovered documents.
He establishes the fact that the Brito
family belong to the upper bourgeois
class of Bruges, and that from 1393 to
1492. when this "Venice of the north" was
at the height of its prosperity, one Jean
Brito was successively Counselor. Burgo
master. Sheriff and Treasurer of the city.
He died poor, and one 6f his sons carry
ing the father's name to ear/i a living be
came a book writer. The most ancient
register of the guild of librarians and
book writers (boucscrivers) of Bruges
mentions in the accounts for the year 1454
the name of Jean Brito, and he thereafter
figures with the title of meester until 1493,
the date of his death.
Since ihere was at Bruges a book writer
named Jean Brito, and since we know of
a book that this Jean Brito declares uim
self to have printeu, if it can be shown
in addition that the book was printed
with movable type from a "font," it
will be incontestible that Jean Brito was
a typographic printer.
Now, the characters used in the "Doc
trinal" show beyond a doubt that they
were printed by type cast in molds or
matrices. All the as. the b's, the ad's,
the de's, all the isolated and conjoined
letters, are identical in every point of
character. And these same type are
found in two other books known to have
been the works of Jean Brito. These type
and the molds In which they were cast
are the "astonishing Instruments" men
tioned by Brito in the verse.
At the epoch when Brito lived Bruges
was at the very apogee of Its splendor.
The sumptuous court of Philip the Good
was there. One hundred and fifty foreign
vessels entered Its basins every day. Six
teen countries kept Consuls there. It was
a grand center of art and literature. Is
it likely that with such surroundings an
honored bourgeois, a master librarian,
could dare to falsely proclaim himself the
author of such a discovery without rais
ing a protest from his contemporaries. In
14.77 the illustrious printer, Colard Man
sion, appears in his turn on the registers
of the Guild of St. Jean. If Brito had not
really been his predecessor in the art
would not he have exposed him?
It may be said tnat while Brito Invented
typographical printing at Bruges, Guten
berg at Mayence and Coster at Haarlem,
of whose works ne may have been ig
norant, preceded him.
At what date was the "Doctrinal"
printed by Brito? In the "Memoireaux
de Jean le Robert" occurs a passaga
which, translated into modern language,
l ads, "Item for a Doctrinal imprint"
('gette in molle. cast in molds"), which
I have sent for to Bruges, by Marquet, a
writer of Valenciennes, in the month of
January. 1445, for Jacquet twenty "sols
tournois" (money of Tours).
This formally establishes that in 1445
they sold in Bruges a "Doctrinal" printed
with characters cast in a mold. M. Gill
iodts shows from public documents that
the sale of books made elsewhere was
forbidden at Bruges during the fifteenth
century. The "Doctrinal" bought for
Jacquet, then, must have been one print
ed by Brito. There was no other. This
makes the date of the "Doctrinal" cer
tainly as early as 1445, which antedates
the Bible of Gutenberg by twelve years,
and that was not printed from type cast
In molds, but from characters cut out
separately. This was the case also with
the works attributed to Coster, of which
the earliest appeared in 1437.
Distributive justice, it seems, should
give to Coster the first place in the de
velopment of wooden type printing and
employing isolated letters in the place of
engraved pages or lines, to Gutenberg and
his associates the honor of having trained
in their .shops at Mayence the skillful
workmen who spread the art of printing
throughout Europe; but to Jean tJrito
must be accorded the palm as discoverer
and first applier of the art of printing
by means of typographical characters.
where he has been staying with his
bride, for San Diego.
There Is, In the
city, a certain
young gentleman
who, generally
speaking. Is a
model of domes
ticity, but who oc
casionally, when
A GOOD
YOUNG MAN'S
TRIBULATIONS.
he falls Into evil companionship, is tempt
ed to wander from his parent's fireside
and go down town, whence he never re- j
turns until the fires of his exuberance i
have been quenched by liberal potations, i
This young gentleman's mother is a lady ■
of exceeding strictness and, when her son j
and heir fails to materialize at the proper
tiour, invariably asks for an explanation '
in the mornir.g when the family meet at j
breakfast. She always receives the ex- j
planation she asks for and, being a ]
mother and credulous, accepts as facts |
tales that would cause Ananias to blush ;
with envy and Munchausen to hang his
head in shame. ,
The other morning, however, the tale !
told her by her Inventive offspring was j
in such direct conflict with some tangible j
evidence she had secured that her faith
was considerably shattered.
The young man appeared at the break
fast table and had just seated himself
when his mother said: "Philip, my son,
what time did you get in last night?"
"Eleven o'clock, mother," he replied.
"Where were you until that time of
night?" "Well, you see, there was a
meeting of our Sunday School Guild
and I was there to read a little
paper on Christian education en
titled: 'The Flaming Ghost or How
Willie Was Brought to Repentance.'
It was such a hit that the guild
made me read it over twice, and conse
quently I got home later than I expected,
and when I opened the front door— "
"When you opened the front door?"
repeated his mother. "Do you mean to
say you came in through the front door?"*
"Of course I did." "Well, will you tell me^
how the print of your foot came to be in,
the pan of dough that was under the
kitchen window, where the Chinaman had
left it to raise?" The young fellow was
staggered for a moment, hut pulling him
self together he said: "Oh, yes; I had
forgotten about that. You know yes
terday was Friday and I had fasted all
day, so when I grot into bed I was so
hungry I could not sleep. I lay tossing
on my couch until after 12 o'clock, and
then I got up and went down to the
kitchen to get a sandwich. It was so
dark that I stepped in the dough before I
found the gas jet."
Mr. and Mrs. I. O. Whitney of Omaha
have taken rooms at the Palace, where
they will remain during the short stay
they propose making in San Francisco.
C. D. Door and wife, Mr. and Mrs. T.
J. Mealey and Miss Mealey are a party
of tourists who arrived in the city yes
terday from Ilunsford and went to the
California.
S. S. Chamberlain, manager of the Nev
York Journal, Is in the city, ostensibly
tor his health, but it is claimed by many
he comes to straighten out the manage
ment of the Examiner.
A SONG OF LIBERTY.
Across the land — from strand to strand—
Loud ring- the bugle notes,
And Freedom's smile from Isle to isl»-
Like Freedom's banner floats.
The velvet vales sing "Ltbertyr*
To answering skies serene;
The mountains, sloping to the ■•*»
Wave all their nags of gren.
The rivers, rushing to the deep.
The Joyful notes prolong.
And all their waves in glory leap
To that Immortal song!
One sons; of Liberty and life
That was, and is to be.
Till tyrant flaps are trampled rags, .
And all the world Is free.
It rises, and an echo come* *
From chained and troubled Isles,
And roars, like ocean's thunder drums.
Where glad Columbia smiles.
Where, throned and great, she sits In »tat*
Beneath her flags of stars.
Her heroes' blood the sacred flood
That crimsoned all its bars!
Hall to our country! Strong- «he stands.
Nor fear the war drum's beat;
The sword of Freedom In. her hands —
The tyrant at her feet'
■:-v> '<■'■"- —Frank L. Stantoa.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AN ALLIANCE— A. L. J., City. Th«
proposed so-called alliance between tho
United States and Great Britain was only
a rumor.
NOT PREMIUM COINS— Mrs. M. 8..
San Jose, Cal. None of the American
coins described in your communication
command a premium.
STAMPS FOR BABIES-G. R. W., City.
The representatives of the Chinese Gov
ernment in this city are not aware that
any one in China will on the presenta
tion of a number of postage stamps save
the life of a Chinese girl baby.
QUESTIONS IN ETIQUETTE— E. P.
T., City. If people that you are acquaint
ed with meet a loss by death, and you
think anything of such people, it would
be proper for you to write a letter of
condolence. You should confine yourself
to a few words of sympathy. If the life
of the person just gone has been a beau
tiful one, some allusion to that will be
proper, but do not offer anything that
would seem like preaching a sermon or
deducting a moral. P. P. C. cards ar<*
not sent out when the party leaves the
home for a short visit in the country.
Such are used only when the person con
templates an absence from home for a
long time, such as a tour of continental
Europe or a visit to some other State,
which may be of six months' duration or
even longer. It is the duty of the person
intending to absent himself or herself for
a prolonged period, to make a call of
adieu on friends, and if such are not at
home then the visitor leaves a pour
prendre conge card.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Great sale fine eyeglasses, 15c, 33 Fourth
(also Sundays), formerly Kast shoe store*
| ■ ♦ ■' ' ,
Special information supplied daily to
business houses : and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ladies' pocket-books, belts, valises, tel
escope bags, baskets and trunks. Mexican
carved, alligator, grained calf and seal
are the leathers most in use. Always the
largest assortment and lowest prices at
Sanbcrn & Vail's, 741 Market street. •
"THE DARKER SIN."
Tears may be ours, but proud, for those who
win
Death's royal purple In the foemen's lines:
Peace too brings tears; and amid the battlt
din.
The wiser ear some text of God divines.
For the sheathed blade may ru»t with darker
sin.
God, give us pea.cc: not such as lulls to sleep
But sword on thigh, and brow with purpose
And let our ship of state to harbor sweep
Her ports all up, her battle lanterns lit
And her leashed thunders gathering for their
leap!
—James Russell Lowell.
Mrs. Winslow's "Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by mlllloM of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mn.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle. •- ,
COROXADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from tha
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
SPAIN'S HONOR AND HER LOST
LANDS.
It is rather amusing to hear this fine
Spanish talk about the alleged necessity
of resisting the loss of territory in order
to maintain the national honor. If Spain's
honor were dependent on territorial in
tegrity it would have been lost long ago —
when Mexico, Louisiana, Florida, Guate
mala and a long list of South American
countries were surrendered under force or
sold for cash or bartered away to pre
serve other threatened territory.—Prov
idence Journal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE U. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Baking Powder
TO BE PURER AND
STRONGER THAN ANY
OTHERDR. WOOLSEY
TALKS WAR
TO DR. DUNN
Two Friends Vainly
Attempt to Dis
agree.
Have Consulted Lawyers
on the Terms of
a Lease.
Told the Joke to Their Friends,
and So the Secret
Got Out.
ONLY FIFTEEN HUNDRED.
Yet th» Paltry Sum Is Thought to
Bo Big Enough to Differ
About.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 12.
Dr. J. P. H. Dunn of the National
Guard and health officer of the City of
Oakland, and Dr. E. H. TVoolsey, who,
as a professional man and as a poli
tician, is one of the best known on this
Bide of the bay, think they are having
a great quarrel. Nobody else thinks
so. It Is true that the cause of dif
ference between them is sufficient to
carry the quasl-quarrel into the law
courts, but their mutual friendship and
their mutual interests will no doubt
prevent such a calamity.
And all the trouble is over $1500, a
paltry sum, indeed, to two such men as
Dr. Dunn and Dr. V^olsey. At the
present time the situation closely re
sembles the Americo-Spanish compli
eati.'n. Each gentleman professes to
have Issued his ultimatum, yet neither
proceeds to war, and in the meantime
their attorneys, for they have sought
ample legal assistance, have brought
about an armistice.
The two professional gentlemen are
really saying hard things of each other.
No one thinks they believe them, and
in a few weeks' time the gentlemen
themselves will not believe that they
paid them. The friendships of both
gentlemen are pretty much alike, and
when they wanted legal advice each
rushed to the attorneys most promi
nent in town only to find that his ex
friend had already retained them. At
this time Messrs. Moore & Martin and
Reed & Nusbaumer are known to be
interested, but Dr. Woolsey declares
that he will have entire satisfaction if
he has to employ all the lawyers of
the Blake & Moffitt and Delger blocks
THESE FRIENDS WILL NEVER SHOOT.
to appear on his behalf.
There is a little story, of course, lead
ing up to this great joke— if joke it
should prove to be. Several years ago
Dr. Woolsey was not at all anxious to
change his ofllces, which were located
at Twelfth and Broadway. Neither was
he anxious to have as a near compan
ion Dr. D. D. Orowley. Dr. Crowley
did not feel inclined to move, and was
surprised one day about IS9I to learn
that Dr. Woolsey had leased the en
tire upper two floors of the block, and
that the demand from tenants was so
great that there was no room left for
him, so he moved across the street and
is still there. Dr. Dunn was under
stood to be a professional partner n?
Dr. Woolsey. At this time Dr. Wool
s^y was conducting the large railroad
hospital and needed several assist
Dr. Dunn was perhaps the leader
among Dr. Woolsey's partners, and al
though Dr. Woolsey is a Democrat and
once made an independent campaign
for Mayor, and Dr. Dunn is a Republi
can, this did not interfere with Dr.
Woolsey, while the leading member of
tho Board of Health a few years ago,
securing the position of Health Officer
for his partner, Dr. Dunn. These facts
will show that the friendship between
tho two doctors is deep-rooted and pre
sumably sincere.
After acting as landlord for the upper
portion of the block for two or throe
years, Dr. Wooisey found that the spec
ulation was a good one, and Dr. Dunn
thereupon announced his desire to take
up one-half of the lease. This was ac
rededto about four years ago, and since
that time Dr. Dunn, so it is said, has
bf en enjoying the use of his own offices,
but has not added to the treasury. Re
cently it was made known that on the
whole the renting of the two floors had
left a deficit of $1500, and Dr. Wooisey,
holding the lease, had to make It good.
lie has now notified Dr. Dunn that this
shortage is chargeable to him, and as
Dr. Dunn has not ye* given Dr. Wool-
Beyhis check for that amount, a declar
ation of war was made instantly. The
two doctors rushed to their attorneys,
and are now so overburdened with legal
advice that they have been forced to
stop differing and to do some thinking.
Each is making a campaign in all di
rections, and it is funny to see the ap
parent sincerity which is being put into
their professed animosity.
Drs. Dunn and Wooisey have been
friends lor years, it is believed they
still ore friends, and no one but them
selves seems to have any idea that the
little matter of a difference of opinion
over a lease will sever their friendship.
Certainly their numerous friends in
this city do not think so. But in the
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
meantime the two medicos are arming
for the fray;
JOSHES FOR THE PROFESSORS.
Faculty and Students Anxiously
Awaiting the Appearance of the
'99 Blue and Grold.
BERKELEY, April 12.— The Blue and
Gold, published by the Junior class, will
make its appearance on Friday, and
meanwhile the •"josha.ble" subjects at
college— faculty as well as students— are
uneasily expectant. Editor Charles E.
Fryer has been busy for months past on
the college annual, and promises a num
ber of surprises for the collegians. In
anticipation of the possible effect of the
joshing, both the editor and the manager,
Phil Franklin, are collecting a small
bodyguard about them, acordlng to re
ports of their friends.
Among the joshes on the grave protes
sors at Berkeley is an illustrated descrip
tion of the "Perambulator Brigade," In
which are cartooned the various members
of the faculty whose hearts have been
gladdened within the past year by the
birth of an heir. Professor W. A. Merrill
of the Latin department is one of the
most prominent of the victims of Editor
Fryer's pen. . a ..
Professor W. A. Setchell, head of the
botany department comes in for his
share'of the fun. The following story is
told of him: The professor, who had been
disturbed by the midnight howlings of
a neighbors dog, resolved to poison the
canine. Going to a Berkeley drugstore,
he asked for prussic arid. He took the
vial which the clerk gave him, poured a
few drops on a piece of meat and gave it
to the dog. The dog ate it and came
back for more. This time the bot
anist poured the contents of the
bottle down the dog's throat, but
the canine merely wagged his tail.
In a rage the professor hastened to the
drug clerk who had sold him the vial.
••Look here," exclaimed the Irate
scientist, ''what did you sell me when I
asked for prussic acid?" "That's all
right, old fellow." responded the clerk,
soothingly, "life's not a failure. Don't
take it so hard and Just think of your
family."
Water Colors and Keramics.
BERKELEY, April 12.— At a meeting of
the California Art Club to-morrow even
ing In Berkeley the subjects of water
color painting and keramics will be dis
cussed and illustrated by Mrs. Kimball,
Mrs. Easton and Miss Hanscom. The
meeting will be held at 8 o'clock at the
residence of Mrs. Kieru'.ff, Shattuck
avenue, near Dwight way station. In ad
dition to the discussion there will be
music by E. Dixon.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 12.— Colonel Charles
R. Greenleaf lectured before the senior
students at the university this afternoon
on "The Hygiene of Marches and Camps."
Charles K. Murdock will deliver an ad
dress before the Charming Club next
Friday evening at the residence of Mrs.
Seabury. corner of Dana street and Chan
nlng way.
Dr. J. C. Merriam will read a paper on
"Weismann's Theory of Heredity" at a
postponed meeting-of the Botanical Sem
inar to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock.
Trustee Frame, chairman of *ue Fire
and Water Committee of the Town Board,
has reported in favor of putting in oper
ation <in elrctric fire alarm system, at a
cost of $60 per month to the town.
The Town Trustees last night finally
passed the ordinance changing the name
of Bristol street to Hearst avenue in
honor of the university's lady regent.
MAY RAISE DEATH RATE.
Berkeley's Health Officer Foresees
Disaster in the Threatened
Water Famine.
BERKELEY, April 12.— As a result of
the threatened scarcity of water in Berke
ley this year. Health Officer Rowell fears
an increase in the sick and mortality re
cord of the college town. He declares
that the water of Berkeley, unless boiled
for drinking, is absolutely dangerous.
In his report to the Board of Town
Trustees the health oflictr says:
"There exists at present in the town
four cases of typhoid fevor. these beln&
distributed through the various wards of
the town. At least three of these cases
may be directly traced to the use of'well
water. One of these was contracted in
the country. Another is attributable to
the use of water from a tributary of
Strawberry Creek, and a third has been
by reputable citizens considered due to
the unsanitary condition of the Kellogg
School.
"If is unnecessary to comment upon the
absolute danger from drinking unboiled
well water, and to suggest a probable in
crease in our sick and mortality record, if
the season's shortage in water necessi
tates a too strict economy in flushing
sewers." "
Ran Into a Handcar.
ALAMEDA. April 12.— About 6:30 this
evening, while a handcar was moving rap
idly down the narrow-gauge track near
Court street, in order to get out of the
way of the Santa Cruz train that was
then due, a dairyman named Simmons
turned into the street along which the
railroad track runs. His horse became
frightened by the <-ar and dashed into it
Simmons was thrown violently out of the
vehicle and had his h< n<! cut 01)011, knock
iiiK him senseless ami brutsing him se
verely. The wagon was demolished and
some of the men OQ the car were struck
and bruised.
"THE RED FRONT." 857-859 Market
street, sells "STANDAHD" shirts. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO Ci^.L, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
LOVE'S ROMANCE WELL GUARDED.
Mr. and Mrs. C, F, Balaam, Who Were Secretly
Wedded Four Months Aao,
BERKELEY, April 12.— 1t takes a Berkeley girl to keep a secret; at least
that's what the excited young people of the college town have come to
think since the announcement to-day that Miss Gwynedd Carnall, a de
mure little middler at the Berkeley High School, h - for the last four months
been not Miss Carnall? but Mrs. C. F. Balaam, the wife of a sophomore in the
College of Mechanics at the State University. The young folks were se
cretly married just after the close of the Christmas vacation, and none of
their most intimate friends knew of their romance until they themselves
decided to announce it. To say that the announcement has surprised their
friends would be putting it mildly-
The young bride is a daughter of the late Nathan C. Carnall and resides
at 2159 Vine street, North Berkeley. She is a charming, petite blonde
with a seriousness beyond her years. She is a member of the class of '99
at the Berkeley High School, where the story of her romantic marriage
has caused a buzz of excitement among teachers, as well as pupils.
Charles Frederick Balaam, the student-husband, is 21 years of age and
is Just completing his second year at the university. He comes from the
southern part of the State, having graduated from the Vi3alia High School
In 1896. He is well known at the university and has always taken a prom
inent part in the activities of the class of 1900, of which he is a member.
It was only last September that the young people met. A strong mu
tual attachment sprang up between them, and in less than four months they
decided to become man and wife, but to let nobody know of their marriage
until the close of the present college semester, when it would be neces
sary for the young man to discontinue his college course. Accordingly, as
soon as Mr. Balaam returned from Visalia after the holiday vacation the
young people took a trip, "somewhere in California " as Mrs. Balaam smil
ingly said, and "somewhere in the early part of this year" the twain were
made one. How the difficulty of securing a license, the bride lacking two
years of her majority, was overcome, the young wife smilingly declined to
explain. Be that as it may, the knot was tied fast and the young couple
returned together to Berkeley.
About two weeks ago the bride-s mother, Mrs. Carnall, learned of her
daughter's marriage. Mrs. Balaam decided that the time was quite proper
for her to announce her marriage to her friends. Mr. and Mrs. Balaam
will leave Berkeley at the close of the college term, which occurs in about
three weeks, for Visalia, where the groom will engage in business.
LADY BULLER
IS SET FREE
Although a Neurotic She
Is Far From Being
Insane.
Says She Is Not Bound to Give
an Account of Her Van
ishings.
Is Advised by the Doctors to Go to a
Sanitarium and Have a Long
Rest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 12.
As stated in The Call this morning
Lady Yarde Duller was not insane, but
had not fully recovered from the effects
of a late dinner last Sunday evening.
This morning she was examined by
Drs. Buteau and Pratt, and after aboui
twenty minutes' questioning she wan
released, although the physicians ad
vised her to go to a sanitarium lor a
complete rest.
Lady Buller was accompanied by her
nurse, her son and her cousin, Attor
ney Ernest Wakeman. In answer to
questions Attorney Wakeman said that
Lady Buller is about 42 years old, and
that though born in St. Louis she was
an Englishwoman, her marriage to Vis
count Buller establishing her right to
that title. It is stated that if her lady
ship were committed to an asylum she
would at once appeal to the British
Consul for redress.
In answer to a delicate 'question At
torney Wakeman said, "She doesn't
use drugs," and her ladyship sharpiy
replied, "1 am not addicted to liquor 3
at all. I have a charming nature and
I try to preserve it."
"Do you ever take any liquor?" asked
Dr. Pratt.
"Certainly; all I need. I am not a
fool," was the answer.
Her nurse, Mrs. Melburn, stated that
her mistress took a little whisky and
milk under orders from her doctor.
Mary Gilliek of West Oakland was
the next witness. She said: "I saw
Lady Buller lying in a lot and had
two men pack her into my house. Sne
told me she had been to the race track
and had won lots of money. She spoke
as if she had a couple of beers in her,
but I did not notice any liquor on her
breath. She kept talking about her
coachman and carriage, but 1 did not
know who she was."
DeWitt Adams, a colored bootblack,
was the next witness, and said the
lady came into his barber shop and
wanted her hair curled and her boots
blacked. "The barber wouldn't fix her
hair, but I shined her shoes," he said.
"Did she act in a rational manner?"
Dr. Pratt asked.
"No," answered Adams, who evi
dently misunderstood the word, "she
was very nice and pleasant."
Lady Buller said she had been in two
runaways recently, and that she came
across from San Francisco in a car
riage and the horses started to run.
She dismounted and tried to walk to
Mrs. Melburn's house, but became
weak and frightened and fainted away.
"There is nothing wrong with me,"
said she, "I am nervous and not over
strong. I am not any more insane
than most people. Everybody Is more
or less insane on some subjects." Re
ferring to a midnight visit to a friend,
which Lady Buller said she made last
Sunday night, Dr. Pratt asked her if it
were customary to visit at midnight,
and she replied: "I can see the person
at any time of the day or night if I
choose. I am not a vanishing lady,
nor am I in the custom of giving an
account of where I go. I am a perfect
ly fretf agent. My native lord did not
get the best of me and nobody else
has. If I told where I went always I
would get in a pretty hot box some
times. Occasionally I disappear for a
week at a time."
The physicians held a little consul
tation and decided that the lady was
irrational and would be better with a
guardian. The 1 "- classified her case as
neurotic and advised her to take a
complete rest. The party at once left
the court house for San Francisco.
FOUR OFFICES REQUIRED.
J. W. Lynn Handcuffed During His
Preliminary Examination.
OAKLAND, April 12.— The examination
of J. W. Lynn, who shot his wife five
times on February 1, was abruptly
stopped this afternoon by the prisoner's
demonstrations. It required four ofiicers
to handcuff him. but the court was unable
to bridle his tongue, which he used freely.
The case will go on on Saturday. Mean
while, Lynn's attorney announced he
would swear to a complaint charging his
client with insanity.
The only new point developed to day
W*x» his wife's admission that the de
fendant's mother was in the Utica r . V.)
Insano Asylum. She told the s:ory of tho
shoi'tirg, after which ncr mother. Mrs.
Mary A. Thompson, and Dr. Stratton
were examined. It was during the testi
mony of W. J. Roth, his brother-in-law,
that Lynn began. He arose and said:
"It's a He. \>ny don't you tell the truth?
I!': is the fellow that is the cause of all
my trouble."
After a hard fight Detectives Quigley
and Shorey, Sergeant Green arxl Captain
Sam Mitchell handcuffed him, and on the
court's orders look him below. Half an
hour later he was brought back, but still
acted so boisterously that an adjourn
ment was taken.
THE OAKLAND PRESBYTERY.
Annual Session Held in Pleasanton
and Officers Elected.
OAKLAND, April 12.— The Oakland
Presbytery closed its annual session at
Pleasanton this evening. Rev. J. E. An
derson of Walnut Creek, the retiring
moderator, preached a strong sermon
last night from the text, "I live, yet not
I, but Christ liveth in me." The election
of officers followed and resulted In the
selection of Rev. E. E. Clark of Fruitvale
as moderator and Rev. James Hunter of
Golden Gate as clerk.
To-day reports .ere received from the
committees on systematic beneficence,
publication, Sabbath-school, church erec
tion and ministerial relief. Thirteen hun
dred and twenty-seven new schools were
organised In th< State during the year,
from which thirty-eight churches were
organized.
A committee was selected to install
Rev. J. Hunter •- Golden Gate, Rev. EL
P. Shier at Ctnterville and Rev. Arthur
Hicks at Liv< j rmore. Rev. E. S. Chap
man, superintendent of me Anti-Saloon
Leap-lie, addressed the ministers this af
ternoon regarding his work.
Old Board Re-Elected.
OAKLAND, April 12.— The annual meet
ing of the Contra Costa Water Company
was held in San Francisco to-day. The
old board of directors and officers were
n -elected. They are: Henry Pierce,
president; G. W. Prescott, W. F. Whit
tier C. F. A. Taibot, Edwin Goodale,
Victor Metcalf; Robert i^night, treasurer,
and William Mead, secretary.
The president's annual report was read,
but it contained no reference to the pros
pect of paying dividends, nor did it men
tion the proceedings of the Grand Jury
now in session.
Jainted in Court.
OAKLAND, April 12.— During the ex
amination of Stacey Rogers for the killing
of E. E. Halsey in Berkeley on the night
of March 2!) before Justice Lawrence in
East Oakland this morning, Mm.
Hunter, a sister of the deceased, fainted.
With her were Mrs. Eva Harrison and
Mrs. Haines. The examination is very
exhaustive and will continue all day to
morrow. Arthur Wilmot, a witness for
the prosecution, was such a good witness
for the defense that he was not cross
examined.
Yarde-Buiier Sued.
Dr. TV. H. Simmons, through his as
signee, has begun suit in the Justices'
court against Mrs. Yarde-Buller to recov
er $71 CO for dental work, which Simmons
claims the defendant had performed, but
which she has never paid for.
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
GRAND JURY
HAS STRUCK
A HOT TRAIL
Books and Contracts
of the Times Are
in Evidence.
They Are Said to Contain
All Sorts of Inter
esting Stories.
Gil B. Daniels Believes That He
Is Possessed of Much
Information.
F. J. MOFFITT IS PLEASED.
Says an Examination oi' the Books
Will Bo a Good Thing
lor Him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 12.
The Grand Jury has struck a new
trail. It is a bright shining trail full
of good things, and it is asserted by
some of its members that it will lead
to many astounding revelations con
nected with the corruption by water
companies during the past fifteen
years. Gil B. Daniels is now the pro
prietor of the historic old newspaper,
the Oakland Times. Mr. Daniels is
also a member of the present Grand
Jury. The Oakland Times during the
past fifteen years is generally consid
ered as having been the medium be
tween the Contra Costa Water Com
pany and the Southern Pacific Com
pany and their political "friends" in
this city, and it has generally been
thought that if the books and contracts
of the old newspaper could ever be
made public they would tell some of
the mysteries of the past that have
been credited to certain Oakland poli
ticians and back rooms of Oakland sa
loons.
A few nights ago in the course of
conversation Mr. Daniels was discuss
ing some incidents connected with the
past history of the Times, and he re
marked that the old Times' safe, with
its books and contracts covering some
of the most interesting years in Oak
land politics, would tell many an in
teresting story. It is a peculiar cir
cumstance that the books and papers
of an adversary should fall into the
hands of his political enemy. There
were not two greater political enmi
ties existing in Oakland six years ago
than those of ex-Senator Moffitt and Dr.
George C. Pardee. Frank Moffitt fig
ured as the leader of the old guard in
local politics, George Pardee was the
leader of the reform element. Moffitt
fought with his own paper, the Times,
Pardee fought with Frank Leach's pa
per, the Enquirer. When the ex-Sen
ator sold the Times to A. W. Bishop
he went out of the newspaper busi
ness, and the paper finally passed
into the hands of two banks and event
ually to Mr. Leach. A few months ago
when Mr. Leach retired from journal
ism, the Times went with the Enquirer
in the deal which w s made in the
interest of Dr. Pardee with Gil Daniels
as the nominal head. Thus it comes
about that the books, contracts and
paipers covering many interesting years
of the Times' existence passed out of
the hands of Mr. Moffitt into the keep
ing of Mr. Daniels and Dr. Pardee.
With these documents as a lead, it is
believed the Grand Jury will be able to
follow up many interesting clues, for
it was during the latter years of Mr.
Moffitt's proprietorship that the Times
ceased to support the Contra Costa
Company and showed a marked friend
ship for Mr. Dingee's enterprise. As
Mr. Daniels is an active member of the
Grand Jury, it is not to be supposed
that he will hide any of the evidence in
his possession, but will make the
greatest use of it in the present inves
tigation.
Ex-Senator Moffitt wasasked to-night
what sensational testimony could be
extracted from the books of the Times,
and he replied: "I have never given
those old books and contracts a
thought in connection with the Grand
Jury; however, it will be a good thing
for "those archives to be examined.
They will show that the Times was
conducted under the seven years of
my management as a business propo
sition, and I defy all the Grand Juries
in Christendom to find any evidence of
crookedness, bribery or corruption
from any water company, railroad
company or other corporate influence.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GMNUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR
CONSTIPATION,
• DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." Brilish Medical Journal
CAUTION: Bee I fiat the label bears the signa-
ture of the /Inn.
: . .'. Andreas Saxlehner.
Do Not Miss This Number
The Issue with Spain
By the Editor. With' Many Illustrations.
The Real Issue in Cuba-
No Indemnity, but Spain
Must Leave America^ . . .
In the April REVIEW OF REVIEWS
. Now on all News Stands.
Scores of Other Timely Features.
;; Nearly a hundred Illustrations.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ati flTtilra 625 KGABXT »T. Established ;
■milll Jk» In '*•■*• for tbe treatment of Private
HHilv ..jaw Diseases, Lost Manhood. ' Debility or '
qHtf3&x&ft disease rearing on bodyand mind and
thJHjMHMn Skin Diseases. The doctoronres when
■*;.*ii-;J;;lH others full. Try him. Charges low. :
9488H889 <'iire»s;cii»rHin«"»"il. Callbrvvrlte.
t»r. J. * \ uIBJSOXt Box 1957, Sau i'lttaclsco.
The books will show that before I took
possession of the Times there was a
scandalous contract existing between
all the local papers to keep at an ex
tortionate figure the rates. for the city
printing. The books will show that
during my seven years' proprietorship
this contract was smashed to pieces,
and for a long time the Times did the
city printing at actual cost. They will
also show that as soon as I quit news
paper work the unrighteous compact
was renewed. Nothing would gratify
me more than tn have the Grand Jury
go carefully over all the books and
contracts that have passed .into the
hands of the Times' present owners.
We never had two sets of books and
always had- a public bookkeeper, and
anything that was done was above
board."
Mr. Daniels' remark Implies that
there might be some papers, the exis
tence of which Mr. Moffitt has forgot
ten, but there is no doubt that the
thorough investigation being made by
the Grand Jury into every channel for
evidences of corruption will include the
property of the Times in the possession
of the present owner.
The Grand Jury has not yet been
called together, although nearly a week
has elapsed since its indefinite adjourn
ment. The many scandals have been
so often brought before the public and
told in the Grand Jury room that al
though they are generally believed
there seems to be cc-nsiderable doubt
as to whether such evidence will justi
fy any more indictments. It is argued
that if the Grand Jury had any posi
tive trail of criminality it would not
break off where It did, thus giving those
who were under suspicion an opportu
nity to cover up their tracks during the
adjournment.
The Grand Jury will probably try to
discover why the present City Council
should take steps to impede the prog
ress of the water front cases. The reso
lution introduced by Mr. Upton last
night was certainly worthy of support,
for it did not entail a particle of ex
pense to the city, while it would cer
tainly have aided in preserving to the
State that which it was awarded by
the Supreme Court.
Employes' Annual Picnic.
OAKLAND, April 12.— The employes of
the Oakland, San Leandro and Haywards
Electric Railroad will give their third
annual complimentary picnic at San Lor
enzo grove on the sth of next month. The
following committees have been named
to manage the affair: Executive— L. J.
Toffelmier, C. H. Carroll and F. B. Vose;
llterarv— A. C. Malone, F. B. Vose, F. D.
Hoyt, H. B. Arlett and A. L. Stuart; rec
rea'tion—H. B. Arlett, T. E. Sawyer, P.
Barbin, Fred Peru and M. E. Allen; pro
gramme—F. T. Putnam, G. R. Hughes and
R. M. Brand; refreshments— F. E. Givens,
G. W. Graves, W. H. Park, W. F. Krue
ger and G. E. Halliday; finance, C. H.
Carroll, F. B. Vose and L. J. Toffelmier;
transportation— T. R. Brooks, A. M. Hin
man, A. Lamareaux, I. Toffelmier, W. B.
Zimmerman. J. H. Kluepfer, G. W. Graves,
and W. F. Krueger; floor— A. C. Malons,
I. Toffelmier, F. Peru, G. R. Huphes, C.
F. Kluepfer, F. B. Vose, F. T. Putnam,
L. J. Toffelmier and C. H. Carroll.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TBTHE WORKING CAPITAL OF HUMANITY
■* He who loses that Is wrecked indeed. Is jour
health falling you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away T
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET.
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONICandSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
YflllNft yC&I Unnatural drains caused
I UUiiU ITICIIi through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
WlCflU MEN Organs of the body which
WbCHIV InCKii hare be.en weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or Indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DIIDTIIDC cured by his new method,
nllr I Ililk without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
IfA!)IOni*CI C hydrocele, swelling and
1 HnIOUOCLXi tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. • - ■■■
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the svstera. %-;=g*~*u<,
I A niCC win receive special attention for all
LNiflkM their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE Mar
WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book I
"Guide to Health," free F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
717 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco. Cal.
•AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco ......Sole Lessee and Manager
Magnificent Spectacular Production of the
Great French Drama,
PAVEMENTS
■ OF
PARIS!
GRAND TABLEAUX— BATTLE OF FOR-
BACH. FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR— PARIS
BY. " MOONLIGHT— FAMOUS PONT
NEUF— RIVER SEINE — EXCITING
PLOT— PARISIAN TYPES-CLEVER COM-
EDY.
EVENING PRICES, 10c, 25c, 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TRACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1597-98. Beginning MONDAY.
- April 4. to April 16 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.- -
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
« THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connect-
ing with train stopping at the "entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the tracK at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m., and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary. ■
OI VMPIA I Corner of Mfson »nJ
UL,YIYI^AA | • Eddy Straets. .
America's most beautiful- Music Hall.
GRAND EASTER BILL ; M ANDOLA. master
of equipoise; ELLWOOD, female impersona- 1
tor; CARLTON SISTERS.- Trilby dancers;
TUNISON operatic star; INEZ & ANTOIN-
ETTE and others. House heated. Admission
free. : r . - ,-. ■••.■-/;■;■ \ ■:/. / ■ .
THE PASSION PLhY,
Successfully Reprotljjced With LIFE-MOV-
ING PICTURES.
FOR A SHORT TIME ONLY.
AT THE Y. M. C. A. HALL.
EVERY AFTERNOON and EVENING, at 3:15
. and 8:30.
Admission, , 25c; children, 15c.
SHERMAN. CI AY & CO. HALL.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND FRIDAY.
: and WEDNESDAY EVENING, S:l5.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM.
'■';. The : Phenomenal Child Pianlste.
Seats Now on Sale, $1. Children :GO cents.
"OLD Friends."
Annual Picnic and Barbecue on DECORA-
TION DAY, MONDAY. MAY 30. Wild Wood
Glen, Sausalito.: Admission, 25c; children, free.
Games ■ and prizes , for all. JUDGE J. A.
CAMPBELL, President; J. E. SUnkey, Secre-
tary. ,-- ' . - ~ ." "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOUR EASTER SHIRT,
collar or cuff should be as immac-
ulate In their color as Easter lilies.
We will guarantee that they will
vie with them in snowy whiteness,
and perfection of finish, if they are
done up at the United States Laun-
dry. If you don't care to buy a
new set of 11 -^n, let us launder it;
you will be pleased at the result.
Offlce, 1004 Market street.
Telephone South 420.
LADUE-YUKON
TRANSPORTATIONS.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE GO,
General Freight and Passenger Agents,
609 MfIRKET street.
Will Dispatch Their Magnificent Steamer
"MORGAN CITY"
FOR
JUNEAU,DYEA, SKAGUAY,
COPPER RIVER, COOKS
INLET and
DUTCH HARBOR
From Folsom-Btrest Wharf on
SATURDAY, APRIL 16th.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE 00.,
609 Market Street and 204 Front Street.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
A PERFECT PRODUCTION.
The Famous Author Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
And a Select Company. Presenting His Mas-
terpiece, .
"OLD LAVENDER."
Up to and including next Sunday.
Prices 16c, 25c, 50c, 75c
A good reserved seat on lower floor 600.
EXTRA-
THREE NIGHTS— ApriI 19, 21 and 23.
GRAND OPERA IN ITALIAN!
Walter Damrosch and Charles Ellis have the
honor to announce the premiere and only ap-
pearance of the pre-eminent "QUEEN OF
SONG," MADAME
. .MELBA..
Supported by the
DAMROSCB-ELLIS GRAND OPERA CO.
Repertoire— Tues., "Traviata": Thurs., "The
Barber of Seville," and Sat., "Lucia."
Prices $7, $6, $5. $4, $3. %2; boxes $40
Sale of boxes and seats opens to-morrow
(Thursday). .
Note.— Non-resident orders will be filled In
routine at conclusion of local sale and must
be paid for by Friday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Author-actor, Mr. James A.
. • . HERNE . • .
In his own Beautiful Comedy Drama,
"SHORE MCRES."
Direction of Henry C. Miner.
EXTRA.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
MARIE JANSEN
DELMONICO'S AT 6.
A Play for Laughter Only.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A REAL HOYT'S NEW COMEDY
LIVE HIT, nU HO SUCCESS,
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
All this and next week, including Sunday,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Coming— "THE PURSER."
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday) April 13.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. chil-
dren, 10c any part.
That Strongest of Traveling Vaudeville Com-
binations,
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS: HELEN
MORA. Renowned Barytone: McINTYRK &
HEATH. Black Face Comedians: WILLIAMS
& WALKER, The Real Colored Boys; CHAS.
R SWEET, the Piano Tramp; THORNE ft
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists: LAFAY-
ETTE Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
Marvel. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
'. Mus. Ernestine KKF.LINU. Proprietor & Mauag*?
THIS EVENING AT 3 SHARP.
"That's nothing— that's nothing at all."
EVERYTHING NEW AND UP-TO-DATE.
Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque.
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
A SUPERB CAST— BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
Hear "The Bogie Man."
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
SAN FRANCISCO- SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director. \
TENTH CONCERT.
Tivoll Opera House, THURSDAY AFTER-
NOON. April 14. at 3:15 o'clock. Programme:
Symphony C. dur. (Schubert); symphonto
poem, "The Ratcatcher of Hammeljn" (Ur-
ban); Venusberg music, Bachanale (Wagner).
j Paris edition.
Prices. Including reserved seats. Jl 50, $1 and
I 75c. Sale of seats at Tivoll Opera House. •
I ___ —
AT r A7AD seats BY
ALCAZAR. . MAIN 254.
SHE HAS CAUGHT THE TOWN.
■ The Best Farce-Comedy Yet.
THE STRANGE—
ADVENTURES — —
OF MISS BROWN— —
AS FUNNY AS "CHARLEY'S AUNT."
■■■■: Prices 15c, Sic, 35c and 60c
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
•Ire Exciting Than War Ness!
The Show of the Century Is Given at the
.ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE, the Untamable ' Lion," sub-
dued by Captain. Cardc.io, and attraction*
! without number. '
I . Animals trained from 10 to 2.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
i 10c to All, including. Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
j CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
78
HAD FUN WITH
THE BARRIER
Small Boys on Big Horses
Caused Merriment at
the Post.
Newsgatherer Defeated Mc-
Light in Fast Time at
Oakland.
Three Favorites Again Successful.
Loch Ness Failed to Land th©
Coin.
The racing at Oakland track yester
day was interspersed with novelties of
various sorts, the main amusement be
ir - furnisl d the crowd while the field
was at the post in the mile and a six
teenth event. We have already had
wee tots who compose operettas in
th:ir sleep, legless men who never suf
fered from corns, and prima donnas
•without an "angel," but this was an
exhibition pure and simple of infant
prodigies in the riding line without
brains. The delay at the post was a
long one, and th crowd sweltering in
the heat composed all sorts of pretty
ditties about the starting gate. Dur- i
ing the exercises, Ballister, a crab which
should be nominated for work on White
Pass, started off with J. Daly, a di
minutive piece of humanity weighing in
the neighborhood of fifty pounds, and
a Bon of "Mi: ' Daly. Young Mister
Daly hails from the East, but came
very near making the Golden West his
future home, though not from any
choice of his own. A. the first turn,
Ballister forgot to make the turn,
continuing on his course straight
through the outside fence. Everybody
in the stand arose with an exclamation
of horror. Balli er took fence and all
with him. Young Daly gracefully went
over the animals head, got up, walked
back to the stand while the horse was
being led, and then remounted. He
was cheered for his gameness if such
it could be called. Sooner or later a lit
tle white hearse will wend its way out
to Piedmont with one of these riding
wonders, and then the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children will
took a hand. Coburn on Magnus play- \
ed a good second fiddle, but the ■
"swipes" felt no fear for him, as he is j
said to have derailed an engine and j
seventeen flat ars without suffering in- j
Jury. The race for which Morinel and
Plan were equal choices in the betting,
was eventually won by Watomba,
which downed Don Clarencio five
lengths.
First choices captured three purses.
The different fields wore an uncertain
aspect and no heavy betting was in
dulged in.
The Imp. Criphton filly, Canace, run
ning in the colors of Nick Hall, took
the opening four-furlong scramble for
2-year-olds. She was played down to
3-to-2 favoritism and finishing gamely
led Owyhee out less than a length.
Zacatosa, the second choice, was third.
But four started in the four-and-a
half-furlong spin for 2-year-olds and
but four lined up at the barrier. It
proved a gift for Banewor, the Burns
& \Vat*»rhouse entry, which ruled a
2-to-5 choice in the betting and won
easing up from Malay.
Charley Fir.k's Nowsgatherer horse
was a warm article yesterday, dispos
ing of McLight and Rubicon in the
mile selling run, fourth on the card.
"Eight to 1 was laid by the books
against Fink's piece of racing bric-a
brae, and after ho had stood Rubicon
on his head the first six furlongs, drew
away v.inning driving less than a
l^n^th before the favorite, McLight, in
1:40%.
Loch Ness, a Montana horse, was
backed down to the printer's name to
■win the flve-and-a-half-furlong sprint,
third on the card, but failed to
land. Royal Spirit, a 7-to-l shot, led
throughout, winning easily from Roy
Carruthers. a 30-to-l chance.
The concluding seven-furlong run
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-i 39th day of the
Winter Meeting, Tuesday, April 12, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
007 FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $300.
lii X ana Cc 95 4 ... ... 4 4 34 In JClawson
863 Owyhee 107 3 ... ... 2 h 2 h 2 1 Plggott
I?, z atoso 5f 1H 14 3 4 Mclntyre ..'.'.
553 Uhler 107 I 5 4 4 4 4h Gouln ......;.
730 Distance 98 7 ... ... 3 4 6< 6 2 Woods
f« §'>■• 1)4 5 6% 6«i 6 4 McDonald ...
SG3 Rainier 104 6 7 1 7 2 7 1 H. Brown...
478 Llmatus 95 9 ... ... 8 8 83 8 5 Gray ' "
Sl9 Physalls 95 10 ... ... 10 10 9 3 Kiley
... Abano 100; 8 ... ... 9 1 8% 10 Devln" '"
724 Canace 96 4 •
863 Owyhee 107 3
S'J3 Zaccatoso M I
853 Uhler 107 1
7.;" Distance 38 7
863 Ely 104 5
BC3 Rainier 104 6
478 Llmatus '•'■ 9
Sl9 Physalls 95 10
... Ahano 100 8
4 4 ■
2 li
1 4
5 4
3 '1
6 \
7 1
8 8
10
9 1
3 4
2 h
1 4
it
6 \
7 2
8 3
10
8%
1 n
2 1
34
4 h
5 2
6 4
7-1
■ 8 5
9 3
10
jClawson
Plggott
Mclntyre ....
IGrrtiln
I Woods
j McDonald ...
:H. Brown
2 8-5
12 15
2 11-5
20 40
12 50
12 20
4 5
30 50
60 100
20 100
|Oray
Kiley
IDevl n
Tim*-. :49. Winner. N. P. Hall &. Co.'s eh. t. by imp. Crelghton-Nellle Bell
start. Won first three driving.
Good
QQQ SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
S7O Banewor 1"p. 3 ... 2h 2 1 2 1 11 Clawson 2-5 1-3
711 Malay MS 4 ... 4 4 4 ' 22 Woods .. 4 5
877 Leo Vertner lOO| 2 ... 31H 3H SH 3h iHolmes ...... 4 g
883 O'Connor 1031 1 ... 11 Hj l % 4 Q ray . IS 60
S7O Banewor 100 3
711 Malay 103| 4
R77 L^o Vertner LOO 2
BK3 O'Connor 1031 1
2 h
4
3 14
1 111 1
2 1
4
3 V
l M
2 1
4 *
34
1 4
1 1
2 2
3 h
4
lawaon
'oods
olmes
ray
Time. :50Vi. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. f. by Imp. Stromboli-Guldon Oood
■tart. Won easily. '
000 THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, »30t>.
:ndex.
... Royal Spirit. 6 1091 1
873 Roy Carruthers, 4. .103 2
869 Olivia, 6 104 7
... Loch Ness, 4 106! 8
660 Red Spinner. 4 110! 4
869 Zaralda, 4 101 : 9
68 Apto. 4 ]M|U
JoO Joe Muscle, 4 11l I
F22 Huntsman, a 106 14
740 Ida H. S U» U
547 Wm. Tinkerton. 5..;: i 5
740 Ml A'.r. 6 H" U
-•>2 Sprinsrfleld. 5 UW.IO
SOO Eakins. 4 ■■ ..1111 6
...
1 2
2 3
6 4
?*
8
11
12
13 '
14
3 4
64
9
10
.4
4
3
b
2
2
; 1
1
2
' \
i 2
1
spencer
McDonald . . .
jEnos
Plggott
O. Wilson....
Clawson
Weber .:...-..!
TiihA^.tn.
6
20
15
6-5
15
4
50
30
40
12
5
20
30
4
6
20
20
6-5
15
7
50
40
40
30
3
30
100
10
Tuberville . . .
R. Narvaez..
J. Woods
0, i..i.i..
Shields
jCairns
iO'Nell
iStufflet
Time. l:0SH.
Won easily^
Winner. W. F. Cutler's eh. c. by Outcast-Imp. Sweet Spirit.
Fair start.
orirk FOURTH RACE— One mile; «elltng; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
[orses.
860 NewsKatherer, 4...108 1
C»») M.-IJRht. a 108 2
84S Rubicon, a 118 4
SCI Rey 'l'-l Tierra, 4.. 1' M S
Sfil ClHUdlana. 4 94 6
7C2 Treachery. 5 103; 3
860 Newßgatherer, 4...108J 1 1 h 212 1 n 2 2 11 Clat
ST'i M.-URht. a ins; 2 32 11 33 31 24 Pig R
M 8 Rubicon, a 118; 4 26 ln 26 ln 33 Sper
SCI Rey 'l'-l Tierra, 4.. 1041 6 6 f> 3 42 42 43 IMcE
8(1 Claudlana. 4 94 6 4 h 6 6 5 1 E h jj. \
7C2 Treachery. 5 103; 3 5h 4h SJH 6 6 Icirai
Time, I:4o'^. Winner, C. P. Fink's b. g. by Enquirer-Bonnie Mead.
first three driving.
1 h
3 2
2 6
6
4 h
5 h
2 12
3 1
* 1 n
. 6 3
6
4 h
1 n
3 3
2 6
4 2
6
5 IV4
2 2
3 1
1 n
4 2
5 1
6
1 1
2 4
3 3
4 3
E h
6
i
Clawson
Plggoa ......
hpencer
\1 Ann \A
wson 6 6
gott 1 9-10
ncer 7-5 8-5
Donald ... 12 40
Ward 50 300
>• 15 80
Good start. Won
McDonald ...
J. Ward
CJray
OQI FIFTH RACE— One and a
O«7l« purse, $350.
Index. Horses. Weight !7st r~St&. ~
: three-year-olds and upward;
P72 Watomba. 3 K. 1 3 4
<£$2) Don Clare, nclo, ... 109 : 3 6h
gSO Robalr. 4 IOC 5 2 4
786 M<.r!r.-1. 3 101 6 In
$57 Claudius, a 10*1 2 11
872 Plan. 3 ...;........ 91 4 64.
863 Duke of York 11, 3. Si' 7 4 ?
74; Los I'rlctos," 3 96 8 7 4
80S Magnus. 3 75! 9 9 1
$68 Ballister.- 3 88 10 10 1
846 Whistle Bird. 4.... 9S|ll Bhi
4 H
!i 4
2 1
.1 n
11
3 1-
5 1 ,
9 4
8 h
10 3
7 1
4 1
63
34
jl h
9 3
Sh.
5h
7 3
8 1.
10 2
9 1
5 i
4 4
2 h
li
» 3
:l?: l?
6 3
■7 2
10 1
6 4
.11
1 5
2 h
t3 2
4 h
6 2
M
8 10
9 2
10 15
11
iwson .. ...
«ott
3wn. ;
f»« •••
;ncer
ay.
any
■lines :
burn .'....,.
ly .......!.
5
4
6
2
8
2
20
8
30
SO
100
;ber
Time. 1:48. Winner, W. D. Randall's b. f. by Montana-Wampum,
first three driving. Two recalls. ■ . - .
Good start.
Won
AQ SIXTH RACE^Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horses.
Weight.
V4m.
%m.
Fin.
|Op.
Cl.
Fonsovannah. 3 .108 2
Oddson. 3 105! 6
Libertine, a 114 3
St. C.allatlne. 3 95 1
Don Gara, 5 114 5
) Mldlan, I 105 4
1 h
6 1
2 1
3 V,
4 3
6
3 3
66
2 3
In
I*
6
3 2
4 6
14-
2 1
5 4
6
1 h
2 h
5 4
6
12'
2 24
S3
4 10
.- 8 4 :--
6
IKQII r
.wson I
elds
1
4
4
5
100
1
(
4
I
800
Ginn
Rrown.. . .
• . Time, 1:274.
•uHy.
Winner, S. C. Hlldreth's b. c. by Fonso-Savannah. Good start.
Won
went to Ponsovannah, the even-money
favorite, with Odds On taking the place
from Libertine.
TRACK NOTES.
Tommy Lottridge of the firm of Atkln &
Lottridge stated yesterday that the horses in
his charge would probably not go East this
summer. The best of them, Including Scar
borough. Tea Rose and Saintly, will be given
a well earned rest, while La Parasseuse. Adam
Andrews and a couple of others will be asked
to earn oats on the California circuit.
Abe Levy and Ed Games departed for the
East last evening.
Royal Spirit was passed around as a good
thing on the strength of a fast work-out with
big weight up on Sunday last, but the regu
lars couldn't stand for It.
Loch Ness was about the heaviest backed
defeated horse of the afternoon. H. L. Frank.
his owner, bet a good chunk on him, and was
followed by the wise contingent..
Ben Burr, a well known turf follower, died
of consumption in this city on Monday night.
For some time past he had been writing
sheets for the booking firm of Jackman & Co.
The Palace Hotel handicap, one mile and a
furlong, will be decided on Saturday. The
weights were announced yesterday and are as
follows:
Senator Bland 123 Linstock 99
The Roman 123 San Venado 98
Fleur de Lls 120 Yankee Doodle 97
Rulnart US Wheel of Fortune.. 97
Buck Massle 116 Souffle 96
Ostler Joe 115 Summertime 95
Scarborough 112 Scarf Pin 95
Buckwa UOißltter Root 94
Howard Mann urVromwell 90
In.«tallator 110: Marcel 90
Imp. Tripping 110 The Dragon 90
Judge Dinny 110 Roeber 90
Traversei 1 107 Foremost 90
Vinctor 107 Crescendo 90
Vincitor 107 Saintate 90
Col Wheeler 107 Gallant 90
Loch Ness 107 Marplot 8S
St Lee 105 Pt. Calatine 85
.Tuninus 105 Mamie O 85
Argentina 103 La Goleta 85
Bweet Faverdale ...KB King William 85
Lincoln II 102 1 Chartreuse II 85
Fonsovannah 100 j Official 83
Salvation 100 Inuendo 80
Candelaria lOO'Morana 80
TO-DAYS ENTRIES.
First Race — Five and a half furlongs:
year-olds and upward; selling.
861 Alma 100 823 Alvln E 102
873 Florlmel 100 SS9 Roy Caruthers..lo2
823 Donation 105 620 Spry Lark 108
869 Carter D 102 60S Jerilderio 100
648 Fly 105 873 McFarlane 105
882 Glad Eyes 105 850 Cavalla 105
874 Nervoso 103 827 Zarro 105
£26 Gold Bug 105
Second Race— Three-quarters of a mile:
maiden three- year-olds; selling.
826 Joe Levy 102 818 Apple Jack ....105
851 Idomenus 102 884 Hohenlohe 115
BS6 Defiant 112 862 Oahu 110
825 Erolca 110
Third Race— Three and a half furlongs;
maiden two-year-olds; selling.
...Polka 108 1 887 Bly I<*
887 Zacatosa 1081 563 Faversham 108
... Juggler 10S 5R5 Rey Hooker ..103
... Mallakwa 1081 863 Crossmollna 105
887 Chler 103' ... Billy G lOi
Fourth Race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
(S72)S. Faverdale.... 113 1 876 Earl Cochran ..106
(S67)Twinkler 9* 881 Geo. Palmer .. 91
SSI Mlsb Ruth .... »4 885 Souffle 113
SSI Attlcus 92
Fifth Race — Three-quarters of a mile; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
;S6S) Merry Boy 101 798 Meadow Lark ..104
754 Rapldo 99 867 Fort Augustus. .lo4
838 Charles A 104 (SSDS. McAllister. ..107
(SSs)Midltght 10n (Sju)Peixotto 104
BSS The Plutocrat. . .102 574 Queen Nubia .. 99
(871)Lo«t Girl 10* 808 Miss Ross 102
&S0 Imp Mistral 11.104 1 SSO Rreak 0'Day....!02
885 Summertime ...105| ... Grace F 99
Sixth Race — Five and a half furlongs; four
yonr-oMs and upward: selling.
874 Widow Jones ..100 SSO Plumerla 107
874 Potentate 10S <74 Santa Paula ...100
874 IVilore 104 733 Roadwarmer ...105
7fi3 Ricardo 10:> 477 Little Singer ..100
574 Howard 105 S.S6 Scotch Ruse 104
S,'7 Masoero 10.".: S6l Lone Princess ..100
S7l Salisbury II lOSi S2O Geo. Miller ....117
845 San Mateo ....109
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Fly. Alma, Jerllderlo.
Second Race— Eroica, Apple Jack, Hohenlohe.
Third Race— Polka, Faversham. Mallakwa.
Fourth Race— Sweet Faverdale, Earl Coch
! ran, Twinkler.
Fifth Race— Mtdltght. Miss Ross, Lost Qlrl.
Sixth Race— San Mateo, Plumeria, Potentate.
GVS G ARSON. 238 Kearny street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
THE STOCK MARKET.
I Several mining stocks declined sharply yes
! terday. Sierra Nevada sold from $1 25 down
| to H2c and Hale & Noreross from 91c down to
7uc. Other changes were less marked, but the
whole list was weak.
The Consolidated California and Virginia as
i sesFment falls delinquent in office to-day.
I The Hutchinson Plantation Company will pay
: the regular monthly dividend of 40 cents per
; share on April 20.
A (fivldend of 10c per share has been de
clared by the Pacific Vinegar Pickle Works,
payable on the 14th.
The California Street Cable Company will
i pay a dividend of 50c per share to-day.
The Bank of California will pay a quarterly
dividend of $3 per share on the 15th.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone Companies
will pay the usual dividends on the 15th.
The Oakland Gas Company will pay a divi
dend of 25c per share on the 15th.
The official letter from the Alta mine for the
THE SAN" FKAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
past week says: Have hoisted during the week
31 car loads of ore, the assay value of which,
according to car samples, was $45 92 per ton.
The stopes are looking better than at any
time. The mill will be ready for crushing In
two days. The only drawback is in getting
shoes and dies, which we cannot get before
Wednesday.
The New Idria Quicksilver Mining . Com
pany of California reduced 15,310 tons of ore
during 1597, and produced 3605 flasks of quick
silver, and 275,752>* pounds. The company's
works are valued at ?44. "55. The receipts for
1897 amounted to $128. »20, and the expenses to
J51.342. leaving net profits of $47,587. out of
which $30,000 was paid In dividends. The sur
plus on hand at the close of 1897 was 117.557.
The Standard Consolidated Mining Company
had a cash balance of $50,506 on hand April
1. with March expenses unpaid and the bul
lion returns for that month not received.
The Consolidated Imperial Mining Company
had $2845, and the Challenge Consolidated Min
ing Company $7SO on hand April 1, with March
expenses paid for both companies.
The Kentuck Consolidated Mining Company
had a balance of about $900 on hand April 1.
The La Suerte Gold Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of 2V4
cents per share, delinquent May 11.
The Forlorn Hope Mining Company of Ne
vada County has levied an assessment of 2o
cents per share, delinquent May IS.
On the Bond Exchange Oceanic Steamship
was the active stock, Belling at $45048.
Brunswick lode— Consolidated California and
Virginia, Best & Belcher and Gould & Curry—
600 level— The Joint south drift from the sta
tion was advanced 20 feet; total length, 654
feet; face In porphyry and quartz. The shaft
has been sunk 13 feet on the Incline; total
depth, 1003 feet; bottom in porphyry. From
the Joint south drift they have started Jointly
at a point 600 feet from the shaft a west and
east crosscut; the east crosscut was advanced
16 feet and discontinued; the west crosscut
was advanced 11 feet; face In porphyry.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter
says: "550 foot level— West crossuct No. 1.
started at a point In the lower tunnel 1300 feet
from the mouth, has been driven 10 feet
through porphyry and* seams of quartz; total
length. 146 feet. Th* southwest drift rtartM
I from No. 1 upraise has been extended 14 feet
I through fair gra.le ore; total length. 28 feet.
' 6<"o level— East crosscut No. 5, started at a
i point S4O feet from the station, has been ex
! tended 21 feet through porphyry and quartz;
! total length, 277 feet. West crosscut No. 2 in
south drift, at a point 500 feet from the sta
tion, was advanced 12 feet through porphyry:
total length. 27 feet. In the raise from the
east crosscut No. 3. 100 feet north of the sta
tion, we have been putting In air jiipe and
chute preparatory to extracting ore from that
point. 7,0 level— The north drift from wpst
crosscut No. 1 has been extended 19 feet
through porphyry showing seams of good ore;
total length, 138 feet."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, April 12—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 41% —
4b quar coup..Ho l^m i^iPßC Gas Imp.. — 84ft
ts quar reg. ..lOS-^lOa^i Pac L Co — 64
is quar new...m%l22Vi S F G & E.. — 85H
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3V4 ♦
Cal-st Cab 65.114%116 Stock Gas 12 -
Cal El 8s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... — 102H Firem's Fund. l9o —
Dup-st ex c. — 0814 Bank Stocks-
El L ft P 65.. 128 128\|Anglo-Cal .... — 62\%
F&Ch Ry «s. — 117 Bank of Cat.. 244 246
Geary-st R Ss. — 100 Cal S D & T. — 100
I "" & S 5H..100 103 First Nat ....200 —
L. AL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do (rntd 65.. — 100 iMer Exchange — 15
Market-st 6s. .115^116',. Nev Nat 8...150 165
Do Ist M 6s..nOV4ilO*i Savings Bank'—
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 57'^'Ger S & L>.. — 1700
NCNg Ry 75.102 — ilium S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. — 112 Mutual Say. — 42H
N Ry Ca1 f.5..100». — S F Say U. . 485 600
NPC R R 65. 103 — 3& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 68..M1V4 — Security S B 250 —
N Cal Ry 65.. — — fnlon T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Street Railroad—
j Do 2d is 65.. — 110 California ....107M>109
lOrn Ry 6s — 12."iV4 Geary 40 —
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 51»4 51=4
P& Ch R'- -a. — 110 Presidio 5 7H
; Poweii-st 65... — 117 | Powder—
i Reno WL&L..IOO — 'California ....120
! Sac Elecßyss.lo4U.losVK Dynamite... 85 95
« F & N P ss. — tOSVi Giant Con Co. 41H 41 7 j,
SPof Ar 65. .102 103 Vieorit 2H 2 T ,
S P Cal 6s -- 113 Mlcsi»llnneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — 96^ Al Pac Assn.. — 97 s *
S P Br 6s 110 — iGer Ivl Wks.llo —
3 V Wat 65... 115^117''. lHana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45... 101 102 iH C A S Co.. 24^ 24%
Stock Gas 65.. — lo3i* Hutch S P Co. HV* —
Water— Ker Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 60 Vat Vln C 0... — 7
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 48 50
Spring Valley. 99 99V* Pac A F L.. U4 2'i
Gas 4c Electric— Pac Bor C 0... 99 —
C»nt Gaslight. 1W) — Par Paint Co. fi^4 —
M EL Co 12 liY*
Morning Session.
5 Hutchinson S P Con 44 M
38 Market-street Railway 51 SO
15 Spring Valley Water 99 25
Afternoon Session.
30 Giant Powder Con 4150
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 50
5 do do 24 37H
40 Market-street Railway 5150
$5000 Market-street Hy Con Bonds 5s 110 50
10 Oakland Gas 41 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 45 50
10 do do 45 2»
35 do ilo 45 00
10 do do 4G 00
25 do do s 30 4?. .'0
20 do do s 30 46 00
5 do do a 30 4fi 50
10 do do 47 CO
5 do do 47 2r.
10 do do 4S 00.
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
25 Spring Valley Water 99 00
25 do do 99 I*H
Street—
20 Bank of California 245 00
INVESTMENT EOARD.
Morning Session.
40 Giant Powder 41 00
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 00
Afternoon street sales
la Market-street Ry Co 5125
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 44 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alta 211100 Hale & Norcra. 91
300 Andes 1.V200 90
100 Belcher is 100 Justice 16
200 Best & Belcher. 451200 Sierra Nevada.. l2s
200 Caledonia 251700 Union Con 35
300 Con Cal & Va...l 00 1 300 Utah 09
Afternoon Session.
700 Alpha 06 1 300 Justice 16
IPOO Alta 22 2M Kentuck 02
2'Xi Belcher IS 500 Mexican 30
600 Best & Belcher. 40 100 Occidental 2 80
200 Bullion 03 300 Ophir 67
200 Challenge 23 100 66
200 Chollar 34 250 Potosl 30
SOO 33 450 31
7r,oCon Cal & Va.. 91 100 Savage 18
300 90 600 Sierra Nevada.. 95
800 Con Impe-rial ... 01 100 92
150 Crown Point ... IS 300 P3
30D Gould & Curry.. 17 COO., 94
1150 16 1250 Union Con 30
200 Hale & Norcrs. 76 450 Utah 06
200 75
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 21 100 Ophir 68
200 22 !00 67
200 Belcher 15 400 64
200 Best & Belcher. 4U 600 Savage 15
300 3? 500 S B & M 03
200 Caledonia 23 Wu Sierra Nevada. .los
600 Chollar 3fi fiOO 1 O2'£
500 Con Cal A Va.. 96 350 94
400 95,200 ;. 96
COO 90 300 93
400 91 300 91
300 89 200 89
200 Confidence 67 500 88
300 Crown Point ... 18 400 87
500 Gould & Curry-- 17 1 300 Union Con 30
600 16.100 29
200 Potosl 35 600 28
600 30 500 U-tah 06
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 21 300 Ophir 70
900 Belcher 18 300 g7
200 16 500 Overman 08
200 Best & Belcher. 46 400 Savage 21
400 45 300 Jo
200 43 400 Sierra Nevada.. 1 3d
700 Bullion 05 450 115
300 Con Cal & Va.l 02V. 350 j w
1600 100 1600 105
900 95 1300 Union Con 36
550 97 400 34
600 Hale & Norcrs. 90 600 31
500 Mexican 31 700 Yellow Jacket.!! 17
700 ■■ 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bj(j ABk
Alpha Con .... 06 07[.7u11a oi 02
Alta 21 22 Justice 15 i 6i 6
Andes 14 15 Kentuck 01 03
BolelieT 15 16 L,ady Tash .... — 03
Benton Con ... — 30 Mexican 25 26
Best & Belchr. 36 38 Occidental 280 —
Bullion 05 06|Ophir 02 63
Caledonia 20 21; Overman 06 07
Chollar 33 361P0t08l 2S 23
Con Cal & Va. S6 88 Savage ]£ is
Challenge Con. 21 22 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Confidence — 65 Scorpion 04 —
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 90 91
Crown Point ..16 17 Silver Hill .... _ 02
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 25 Standard —1 65
Exchequer — 06 Union Con 27 29
Gould & Curry. 15 1« Utah 04 05
Hale & Norcrs. 75 76 Yellow Jacket. 14 16
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Compact.
Day of
Sale.
Crown Point
Ophlr
Con. Imperial
Andes
Best & Beloher...
Con. Cal. & Va.,..
Hale & Norcrosa.
Occidental
Gould &, Curry
Utah
Bullion
Silver Hill..
Yellow Jacket...
73
72
. 40
M
64
11
in.
30
83
.2,'.
51
w;
G:«
..Mar 2* ..Apr 1- 10
..Mar 27 ..Apr 18 25
..Apr 1 ..Apr 2G 01
..Apr 7 ..Apr 2s 06
..Apr 8 ..May 3 2u
..Apr 8 ..M.iy 3 25
..Apr l'|..May 8 10
..Apr iti..May i 10
..Apr It! ..Mav 10 15
..Apr M ..M;iy 11 0o
..Apr 29 ..May 24 05
..Miy 6 ..May 81 or.
M:ty 8 ..June 17 20
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drus
rlsts refund the money If it fall* to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L. D. Q. on each tablet.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J T Doane, Sacto C Dean & w, lowa
C Rowell, Fresno M A Griffith. Phila
J Armstrong. Cal D Snodgrass & w. Or
Mrs Woodward&d, NT T James & w. Or
G Llppett, St Louis J E Bell, Everett
W Gray, Mich M OConnell, Everett
W McKenzie, Cal B Wilson <fe w. S Jose
M O'Connell. Grass V J Hebbern, Salinas
A Henderson. Bakersfl S A Chure. Wis
T McKay. Benicla |S Moore & d, Gilroy
T J Hunter, Sacto A Msnahan, L Ang
J Miller, Healdsburs C Carr, Monterey
W Biggs, Healdsburg W W Smith, Indiana
C H Browne, Napa G E Stukle. Cal
H C Stovall, Cal C Green. Victoria
C E Stovall. Cal D Gilmore. HollUter
B F Tabor, Auburn J F Clapp. Chicago
F Krewlng, Oakdale P Musto, Stockton
J Larson, Colusa G Flske. Woodland
A J Larson. Lodl W C Waters, Salinas
R J Culver, L Ang E Mowrie, Colusa
J Barton. Oakdale W Ash & w, Berlin
F Klncaid & w, stkn A Rosendale. Cal
J McClen. Cal |L Coats', Napa
F Howe &w. Wis Iw Stukle. Holllster
R M Dorld. Sacto T Longmore, Holllster
D Taylor, Pasadena
PALACE HOTEL.
H Moss, Pa c Mclver. S Jose
C H Wilson, Boston Mrs Mclver, S Jose
G Mlddleton, Japan B Steinman. Sacto
S H Kinsley, Phlla A D Graham, Detroit
T Fairhurst, London Mrs Waldron, S Ci-ub
W W Farrell. London C H Ball. Berkeley
R White, London I O WMting, Boston
C W Fielding, London Mrs Whiting, Bo'Bton
H Boodle, Nebraska E Huedetoper, Pa
Mrs Boodle, Nebraska Mrs Kldder, Mass
W P Stovall, Cal Mrs Wells, Boston
W Jordan, N V Miss Wells, Boston
Mrs Jordan, NT H C Nelson, England
W Raymond, Boston W M Rice. Victoria
F Miller, Riverside J S Tobin & w, B C
Mrs Neldenhofer. Mont G Rubensfein. N V
G P Moore. Omaha P Holman, Wash
R Anderson, Dawson
BALDWIN HOTEL.
1 M S Stein. Stockton A Converse, Stookton
\V H Romaine, NY B Murcott. Anderson
S W MeKim, Sacto Mrs Murcott. Anderson
R Lauren. Stockton R Larsen. Stockton
C Hansen, Stockton W Tweeney, Sactu
C J Waters, S Jose F Parker, Sacto
Mrs Waters. S Jose A Dnwilell, St Helena
W Mills. NT W Black. N V
Mrs Mills, N V M Kennedy, Milpltas
R S Field, NT T Cunningham. Stkn
R D Cruuck, NY J Reynolds. Stockton
H L Wellson, S Jose J H Graves, S Jose
Mrs Wellson, S Jose Mrs Graves, S Jose
R S Bursell. Canada |S Grey & w, Oakland
D Machower. Canada |
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. 1
R Marshall&w, S Diego H Davis. Portland
X Otey&w, S Barbara I H Franklin, S Jose
A Wetmore, Chicago I Patterson, S Diego
C E Bailie, Sacto .1 Maloney, Pasadena
V* Rogers, Woodland C Johnson, Cal
C Campbell, Reno M Foley. Marysvllle
J Fear & w, Calistoga \V A Roberts. L Ang
H Swenk, Beatrice C Cummings, N T
W Lohrengel. Bremen E Darranh, Ottawa
T Murray Mt View J Levy, Fresno
Mrs J R Smith. Cal
Captain Bohen Convalescent.
Captain Bohen, the genial chief of de
tectives, who was seriously ill from an at-
tack of typhoid-pneumonia, was suf
ficiently recovered to be able to make his
appearance at police headquarters yes
terday, where he was warmly congrat
ulated on his convalescence. It will be
some days yet before he will be able to
attend to business.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o1o 1 clack.
6h". Larkin street; open v. Ml 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh Ftreet; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1600 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. \V. corner Twenty-second und Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEKTUfCI MJTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cnmmandery No. 1, K. <*JL 1 g
T., Masonic Temple, I'ost and Mont- \rw\
gomery sts.— Special assembly THIS [ill
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30
o'clock. Order of the Temple. All t raters
are courteously invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
MISSION Lodce No. 16.1. F. and A. •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _*\_
DAY) EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. )±J\
Third degree. '^r *
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. ■
M. -Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- J\
DAY) EVENING, April 13, at 7:30 jS3T
o'clock. -First-degree. ...... ..- , .". /^r>
1 . THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary. -
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. a
M. -First degree THIS (WEDNES- Sx^
DAY) EVENING, April l:i. at 7:30 jS JK
o'clock. By order of the Master.
H. FORTH I E D K. Secretary.
M'.ilU, NOTICES.
NOTICE la hereby given that the following
orphans, half-orphans and abandoned girls
have been received at Maria Kip ' Mphanage
fn.ni January 1 to April 1, INM: Adah Lois
Madellen, age 3 years; Mary Josephine
O'Neilf, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown, age
9 years S months; Fannie Lowans, age 9
years; Pauline Brown, age 6 years 10 months;
Mlllicent Huntington, age 4 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLiLKCTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6530.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye.,
room 5.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage bath*. 122
Post St.. room 10, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 16-16.
MISS MAYS, genuine alco'.iol, Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny st.. room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1. 34S
Third si. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market st., room 29. second floor.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 1204 Geary St.. room 11.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 905 Market, room 2.". second floor.
DIVinKNI) NOTICKS.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 54 (forty
cents per share) of the HUTCHIXSoX
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market St. on and after Wednesday, April
20, I*9B. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, April 14, IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS A'AKTEU— fEHALiL
THOROUGHLY competent German woman de-
sires situation where she can have her daugh-
ter with her. who is a highly educated girl;
mother fine dressmaker and cook or house-
keeper. MISS CULLEN, £26 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $10 to $15;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish iaunir-s.T desires situa-
tion; best references; ;ity or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter ot.
COMPETENT second girl, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
31ti Sutter St.
LADIES— There are no girls sitting around dis-
cussing the private affairs of former employ-
ers in MRS. BARMAN'S Employment Office,
927 Market St., room 516.
SITUATION wanted by a young woman;
washing, ironing, housework or any kind of
work by the day. Call at 326 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation ut gen-
eral housework; will come at low wages;
good cook; city reference. 362 Jessie, nr. Fifth.
OMPETENT French woman wishes work In
lunchhouse or restaurant during lunch hours
as general helper. Address box 3265, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework or keep house; city or coun-
try; $10 to $12 per month. 504 Howard st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cook
or housekeeper in mining town or small
ranch. 310 Sixth st.
LADY wishes situation as housekeeper; speafcs
French and German; city preferred. Ad-
dress or call at 138 A Fourth St.. room 4.
SITUATION wanted as waitress or to work in
a store by an experienced young lady; no
triflers. 13SA Fourth st.. r. 28. Crown House.
REFINED German woman wants situation to
teach children German: understands second
work, sewing and Ironing; salary $20. Ad-
dress 33 Dorland St., near Guenrero.
SWEDISH girl wants a situation to do general
housework. Please call at 943 Hampshire st.,
near Twenty-second.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman would
like iilace as housekeeper or take care of
children. W. C, 550 Mission st. , room 4.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping; no objection to short distance In
country. Call or address 1104 Mission St.. r. 10.
YOUNG Scandinavian woman with a child
wishes position as housekeeper: wages no ob-
ject. Address box 3285. Call office.
YOUNG girl about 16 years of age wishes posi-
tion to take care of child or do light house-
work, lit Ellis st.
RESPECTABLE woman to do washing. Iron-
Ing, house-cleaning by the day; $1 per day and
car fare. 362 Grove St.. near Gou«rh.
81' ' A.TIO? i WAN- iSD— Continued.
YOUNG woman wishes to work for a ladle*'
physician, city or Oakland, and take part of
pay in instructions. Address until Thurs-
day, Work, box 3156, Call office.
DANISH girl wants work by the day; plain
washing and general housework. 1331 Fulton.
STRONG uerman girl, speaks no English,
wishes situation; general housework; wages
$15. CaJl at 1022 Larkln st.
WANTED— By Scotch girl, housework and
cooking In private family. Call at 109 Leav-
enworth st.
COMPETENT woman, is a first-class cook;
short tin* from the East; will do washing;
city or cftintry; good reference. 315 Minna.
GERMAN lady wishes a few more places to
wash by the day. Call or address MRS.
BADER. 79 Clementina st.
SITUATION wanted as cook or general house-
will do some washing. 230 Minna St.
GOOD dressmaker wants few more engage-
ments; $1 50 i«\y; reference*. 112 Taylor st.
COMPETENT t^otch couple want the care of
house, Jnnltors or any place of trust; best
references. Box 3144. Call office.
GOOD nurse would like a few engagements;
terms reasonable. 1110 Powell st.
WANTED— By competent woman, houseclean-
lng or washing by the day. 1110 Powell st.
YOUNG lady graduate of the Polytechnic High
School wishes a position as assistant book-
keeper or typewriter and stenographer. Box
3246. Call office.
COMPETENT, educated American .woman with
4-year-old child would like a situation as
housekeeper to do cooking and housework ;
good cook and housekeeper and a person
worthy of trust; good references; wages $12
to $15; country preferred. Address Experience,
Santa Rosa, Cal.
POSITION as teacher desired by a lady
student during the summer; experienced;
French and German; references given and
required. Box 115, Palo Alto.
DURING the summer vacation an engagement
desired by an experienced lady as house-
keeper In a summer boarding-house or private
family; references given and required. Box
1)5. Palo Alto.
FIRST-CLASS German and American cook
wishes position. Address I. D., 1625 San
Bruno road.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements: $1 25 per day; no
objections to country. Address box 3224, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to Care for chil-
dren and do sewing. Box 3247, Call office.
COLORED girl desires a situation to do light
housework. Call or address 1056 Pacific st.
RELIABLE young German woman wants place
as working housekeeper, chambermaid, wait-
ress or seamstress; first-class worker; city or
country. Call or address 816 Greenwich st.
GOOD Scandinavian girl wishes to cook In
American family or general housework. 913
Howard st.
RESPECTABLE young German woman wishes
situation to do light housework and plain
cooking In small family; wages $15. 6368 Na-
toma st.
WOMAN wishes to take care of chicken ranch
or act as housekeeper. Address MRS. JOSIE
RAMSEY, care Harry Holland. S Hermann.
EXPERT hand massage treatment for reduc-
ing flesh; guaranteed. MRS. K. L., box 3258,
Call office.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day. 11
Bernice st., bet. 12th and 13th, near Harrison.
GERMAN cook wishes situation in private
family to do housework. 1024 Howard, rm. 10.
TWO competent women want positions In
Skaguay as cooks, waitresses or housekeep-
ers. Box 32K2. Call office.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements,
|1 50; dresses rr.ade over; suits made in two
days: pood fitter. 8., U'4l Mission St.
RESPECTABLE young woman, with child,
wishes position as housekeeper; fond of chil-
dren; no objection to country. Apply 218
Eddy st.
JfOUNG woman wants work by the day; Is a
good seamstress or would do mending; $1 25
per day. 615 Post St.
106 ELEVENTH- Branch office of The Call;
subscription* and ads taken.
SITUATION J H ANi'ED-MALE.
QI'ARTZ mill man and mining superintendent
with European llrst-class references desires
situation; will go for $100. For particulars
apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO, 628 Sacra-
mento st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main IM7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 4)4>4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chfncse Employm't Office; choice
help: tel. Grant 5r5 r Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- st.
GARDENER— Situation wanted; practical ex-
perience in vegetables, flowers, fruit, green-
houses; town or country; 16 years' best of ref-
erence: total abstainer; English; single; age
30. FREDERICK MUNNINGS, Chicago Park,
Nevada County, Cal.
TOUNG man. graduate of the horse-training
school in Milan. Italy, wishes a position
training tine saddle and buggy horses for pri-
vate use. Address box 3259, Call office.
WANTED by young man, German, kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work; city or country. Address H.
VIETITZ, 136 Sixth St., room 7.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wants situation
in good family; understands all kind of cook-
ing. Address Japanese, room 9, 418 Post st.
BOOKKEEPER wishes employment as book-
keeper or cashier; has experience and refer-
ence. Address box 3153, Call office.
YOUNG married man wishes to loan employer
$150 to secure him a good position; ctty or
country. 102 Austin avenue.
STRONG young man, handy with tools, wishes
a position in machine shop. Add*ss HENRY
FORBES, 304 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG man, willing to do any kind of work;
good city reference. Box 3123. Call office.
}ood bread and cake baker requires
Apply at Coo Harrison st.
BAKERS-
situatlon.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 1020 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
REFINED European gentleman who speaks
and writes English. French. Spanish and
Italian, knowing practice on business, wishes
position as correspondent, private family's
secretary, first-class hotel's Interpreter or
manager, big store's floor manager, etc.;
certificates and references given. Address
MENOIDES. box 3249, Call office.
INTELLIGENT, young, strong Swiss, speak-
ing German and English, wishes a position
in a private family, hotel, lodging house or
saloon; is willing to do any kind of work.
Call or address A. T., 664 Castro st.
MAN and wife wish positions in country; wife
to do housework and man any kind of work;
good references; wages $10. Apply 427 Twenty-
ninth st., bet. Noe and Sanchez.
WANTED— Position as lunch counter waiter or
dishwasher, or any laboring work; well used
to horses. 246 Sixth St., room 26.
YOUNG Irishman of steady habits wants posi-
tion of any kind; good milker and can take
care of horses. 1208 William st.
BARKEEPER, young man of steady habits,
wishes position; city or country; first-class
experience ana references. Box 3261, Call.
SITUATION wante by a steady and sober
man: thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; references;
city or country; moderate wages. Box 3203,
Call office.
ELDERLY man wants situation care of gen-
tleman's place; good gardener; can milk,
care horses: city or country. S. W., 30S Hill.
PRACTICAL gardener— Reliable man; middle-
aged: can milk and tend to horses If re-
quired; is handy with tools; all-round man;
references city and country. M. H., box
3124, Call.
MAN and wife want situations to take care of
house: city or country. Box 3148, Call office.
ENGINEER or fireman by sober man; under-
stands ice machine. Box 3260, Call office.
WANTED— By a young man, German, kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work; city or country. Address 11.
VIELITSC. 136 Sixth St., room 7.
ENGINEER, stationary, want! work at trade
or as night watchman or driver; anything at
living wages; American and married. Ad-
dress 2i>oS Laguna st. . t
WELL educated businesslike younc man of
pleasant address, good talker, knowing
French. English and Russian, desires posi-
tion; best of city references. Box 3222, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to $1 GO night; $1 SO to $6
week; convenient ..nd respectable; fre» 'bu»
and tncca»r<» to and from fer y.
FEMALE liKLP WASTED.
2 WAITRESSES. Santa Cruz, $20; waitress,
south. $2rt; 3 waitresses, country hotels. $20;
restaurant waitress, country, J25; 2 wait-
resses, $20; 2 waitresses, $15; 2 lunch wait-
resses, 50c; 2 chambermaids, $15 (call early).
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
HOTEL cook, country. $25 to $30 (call early);
cook, small place, $20; restaurant cook, $3
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HOUSEKEEPER for Livermore $20 (call
early); 5 house girls. $20 to $25; German girl,
San Lorenzo. $20; French second girl, $15;
young girls to assist, $15 to $18. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary.
YOUNG woman as companion who can assist
with housework, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
304 Geary. *
MlLLlNERY— Salesladies and makers wanted.
MRS. E. LYNCH. 1003 Market st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
C^L^RED^"maTd^nd ~plalrP sewing? lis7~sTeeP
, home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German maid and travel, $30. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ;
2 YOUNG nurseglrls. $10 to $15; references.
' MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
i MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper, country. $12. MISS CULLEN, . 325
I • Sutter st.
NEAT young girl. $12; light work. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Suiter st.
GIRL, bakery, $15 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ,
NEAT second girl, $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. •
WOMAN with a child as working housekeeper,
-. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
RANCH cook. 2 in family, $45. MISS CUL-
LEN. 32.". Sutter st. .
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country, $20:
laundress, $25; French second girl. $20; 3
waitresses, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
2 GERMAN cooks. $25 and $30; 3 second girls.
$20 and $25; housework girls. Alameda and
other towns. $25: 25 house girls, city. $20 to $30;
a number of yr girls to assist. $10 to $15.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. ■
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20: chambermaid,
$15; nurse girl. $20; young girl to assist. $12.
light work; nurse girl, $10. MRS. NORTON. >
323 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, Saiisalito, $25. 2 In family, see
- party here at 11 o'clock; house girl, *<iver-
more, see party here;, housekeeper. $20, coun-
try. MRS. NORT N, 323 Suiter St.
j SECOND girl. $25: house girl. 3 in family, no i
washing. $25: German house girl. 2 In family,
$20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
---— . . |
WAITRESS, country hotel, north, $20; cham-
bermaid, same hotel, $15 to $20; waitress, nice
country place, $20; cook, country hotel. $25.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WOMAN with child to cook for a few men;
ranch near city, $10. MURRAY & READY, ;
634-636 Clay. - . -.. ->.-.
COOK small hotel, $25; 6 waitresses hotels, etc..
$20, $5 and $6 week; 4 cooks, $25 and $30; 2
nurses, $20 and $25; cook for 5 men. $1.".. and a
large number of girls to fill our numerous '■
situations in city and country- J. F. CRO- !
SETT CO.. 316 Sutter St.
A— Business positions for 2 enterprising busi-
ness ladles; $10 weekly each. 313 Bush st.
LADY accountant and office matron; $10 to
$15 weekly; permanent. 313 Bush st.
YOUNG lady cashier and correspondent; select
and refined business. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADY, soda water counter; 3 salesla-
dies, millinery; office clerk. 313 Bush st. •
NEAT reliable elderly American woman de-
sires position, cooking, washing and the care ■
of children; has references; widower's family :
•referred; wages $10 month. Box 3267, Call.
WOMAN between 25 and 86 for light house- j
work and companion; a good home and fair ;
pay for right party. Call after 10 a. m. at I
116 Taylor st. .
GIRL to take care of children; wages $12; call
between 10 and 12 Thursday. Northeast cor-
ner Howard and Twenty-first sts.
FINISHERS and buttonhole makers on custom
coats; also girls to learn; pay while learn-
ing. 291 Natoma st., near Fourth.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted on custom
coats; also experienced apprentice. 373 Na-
t< ma st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 858 Howard
st., between Fourth and Fifth, over S. F
Handball Court.
WANTED first-class pants finisher, 270 Steven-
son St.. bet. Third and Fourth, upstairs.
GOOD girl for general housework and plain
cooking. lg2o Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl; cook and house-
work; references. 234 Page St.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants;
steady work. 275 Jessie St.
WANTED— Elderly lady to take care of baby
few hours a day. 34 Birch aye. ; upstairs.
GIRL to assist in housework. 140^ Cumber-
land st., cor. Dolores, bet. 10th and 20th.
GIRL for light housework and cooking. 2414
Washington st.
GIRL to learn fine vest making. Room 115,
Murphy building, fourth floor.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor suits at
ALBERT MUELLER'S. 131 Post St.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and housework;
small family; references. 2008 Pierce st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework for
country. Call at 1409 Webster st.
YOUNG girl for cooking and housework In
small flat; reference; $15. Call 1309 O'Farrell.
WANTED— GirI to assist in light housework.
5 Howard court.
FINISHER and operator on coats; also ap-
prentice. 107 Fifth, room 1.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on fine coats.
411V4 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl to work at dressmaking; also an
apprentice. Apply 2503 Sutter.
VERY good salesladies for millinery; no other
need apply. 130 Sixth.
YOUNG girl for housework and cooking; wages
$15. 937 Halght st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking; 1831
. Eddy st.
STRONG girl for general housework. Apply
203 Valencia, after 9 a. m.
NEAT girl to assist In housework. 1013 McAl-
lister.
GIRL wanted to do housework; 3 In family;
SOS California st. ; call to-day.
WANTED first-class tailoress on custom coats.
252ife Ellis.
NEAT woman; can cook well and assist with
child; $20. 2713 Buchanan st.
WANTED— IOOO school children to take part In
the superb May Day festival at Sutro Baths.
Apply at Scottish Hall. 105 Larkln st.
GERMAN girl; light housework; wages $15; no
washing. 1036 Clay.
GIRL, general housework; light cooking, bak-
ing: small family; wages $15. 1216H Golden
Gate aye.
LADIES to sell my toilet specialties. MRS
BUTLER, room 324. 806 Market st.
STRONG, honest young woman to do general
housework, washing and cooking; good home
for good girl; $13. 1905 Broadway.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dreescuttlng School. 1079 Market
st.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch offW of The >-- ...
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MAI.K HELP •WANTED.
HEAD and second cook, country' hotel; Ger-
man second cook. $60: restaurant second, $50;
waiter for Nevada, $2."> and fare advanced; 2
waiters, city. *25; restaurant waiter, $10 a
week; waiter boy, $5 a week. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT young coachman, with references, $30;
bellboy, with references, $18; neat young boy
for a store, $15: porter and runner, country
hotel. $20; 10 tlemakers for the railroad, 10c,
good timber, no brush; 8 woodchoppers, Santa
Cruz Co., $1 25 a cord; 4 German laborers for
a mine, $1 50 to $1 75 a day, boss here; barker,
$35; serewtumer, $35; edger, $30; tunnelmon,
$2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
PAINTER, $2 50 a day; porter and runner,
country' hotel. C. R. HANSEL & 10., 104
Geary st.
10 COLORED waiters. .
C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook: country hotel; $50
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Machinist and engineer for mine,
$3 day; hardware clerk. $12 week; 10 coal
miners by day or contract; 15 tie makers,
tools and provisions advanced. 10c to lie: 3
first-class machinists, $3 to $4 day. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT ~ CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Mechanical draughtsman and sales-
man, first-class salary and commission; 4
carpenters for Alaska. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for miners, $25; lunch coun-
ter man, $20 and found; young restaurant
cook, $40; waiters, dishwashers and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., G2B Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Quartz mill man, who understands
cyanide process, $125. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A— TO-DAY WE WANT
789 MEN
396 tie makers, Be. 9c, 10c. lie each; 15
scraper teamsters, $20 and found; 2 drifters
for gold mines: 15 laborers for great gold
mines. $1 75 a day: 10 laborers, city job.
$1 75 day; blacksmith, for camp, $4rt and
found: blacksmith, for ranch; 278 woodchop-
pers, new camp and virgin timber, $1 25 and
1 50 cord; 45 coal miners, $3 50 day: laundry
polisher and starcher: 5 cooks; 5 waiters: 4
dishwashers and other places too numerous
to advertise. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st •
telephone Main 5848.
WANTED— MiIker, near ctty, $25. fare 25c:
American farmer, handy with tools, A No. 1
place, $20 and found: 10 Italians, to work
about rriine. no experience required: 10 coal
miners, good wages; farm hands, $15 to $20:
oook, for institution, no baking, $3;V and
others W. I). EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
A— s4oo CASH will purchase controlling Inter-
est In well-ef«tnhllFh«*d ens)] htmtnesv nn Mar-
ket st: fully secured; weekly allowance $20
Particulars 313 Bush st.
100 MKN Immediately to work on the water*
tood wages. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
. HELP WAN'- -SD— Continued.
msTpfr ; week- a reliable business associats
* with f capital; permanent. 313 Bush
' rnnrvFßT - STORE clerk; 2 experienced
j^n^pfclers^mer; ; box-maker. ,■ 313 Bush.
EXPERIENCED ■ stationery salesman; hotel
ewward: baggage and cloak room clerk. 31S
_ush st. —
j XOwlsThe time to secure lucrative situation,
with responsible houses, Bush st.
: SHIP carpenters. $3"a"day : coal miners^s2 1 50
a day or hv the ton; cook hotel. \io, i ooara-
fng-house cooks. $25* and $30: waiter country.
$20 and room; waiter for camp. * m - : R. 1.
WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay st. ______
WAXTED-Cook plain restaurant, country, $40;
cook grill room, country, $40 and room, sec-
ond cook hotel. $50; cook small ntr > place
$25; lroner. country, $30, etc. ANDRE 318
Stockton st. ■•
WANTED— young man who has had some
experience at shirt cutting. Eagleson Co..
635 Market st. - , .
WANTED— hand on bread and cake*.
32 Sixth st. . ;
WANTED— Two young job compositors. Mc-
Nell Brothers, San Jose. ■ - i
MAN who understands nursery work and gar.
dening. Call at 500 Halght st.
BARBER OTTO BAIL call at 152 Third st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at 927 Market, tooth
509; call early. ' _
THIRD-HAND baker wanted. 40 San Pabl(»
avenue, Oakland. •
WANTED— Baster and presser. 1055 Broadway,
Oakland. .
WANTED— Barber at 302 Montgomery aye.
BERBER- accomplished workman: may t*
steady. 1510 A Kentucky st.: quick.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla Alameda County, 4o miles from Fan
Francisco; steady » work; good wages; only-
good miners need apply. Address TESLA.
COAL CO.. room 515. 328 Montgomery, S. F.
GOOD coat maker, steady man. to work i:,
small city- piece work. Apply at 67 Rausrh.
ST. bet Seventh and Eighth. Call bet. 9 and.
12 a. m. ■ ;
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S :01 Davis St., near Jackson; also
men for' whaling and Alaska; no experience
required. _i_
YOUNG man wanted; must write good hand.
3 Taylor st.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ,
630 Market st.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance Xa
CHARLES LYONS'. 721 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764^4 Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c pe*
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between tha ages of
Jl and 30 years, who are citizens of th«
United States, or those who have leg&Uy de-
clared their Intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis st.. Ban Francisco. Cal.
FARMER in country on salary to obtain
poultry, egg shipments. Box 3299, Call office.
3N to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
'. Barber College. :38H Eighth st.
I SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
i Australia, Europe. Herman's. 21 Steuart st.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooma; I
nights 2£c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
600 PAIR of men's new and seond hand shoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON., 643 Clay St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. £17 hird Lt. ; 130 largs
rooms; 25c per night; {1 to {3 per week.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant _ye. : tel. Grant 13S.
MARKET, 863>4 <Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12% c. 15c to 25c per night; week, 75c. $1, $1 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy.. 102 7th; tel. Smith f>2\
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room;
free "bus and baggage to and from :ie ferrjr.
IOSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— 25c to Jl
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. 7-iindell House. Sixth r.nd Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for r room: 25c S nieht: SI a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Murat Halstead's Great
War Book. "Our Country in War" and our
relations with foreign nations. All about our
army, navy, coast defenses, the Maine dis-
aster. Spain, her army, navy and defenses.
All about Cuba, her relations to the United
States and her defenses. All about the ar-
mies and navies of all other nations, and
how they will act in our fight with Spain.
Over 600 pages. Magnificent illustrations,
photograps. etc. One agent sold 89 in on»
day; others are making $2 to $3? per day.
Most liberal terms guaranteed, 20 days' cred-
it, price low, freight paid. Handsome out-
fit free. Send 12 2-cent stamps to pay post-
age. National Educational Union, 324 Dear-
born st.. Chicago.
PARTSERS WANTED.
WANTED— Partner in blacksmith shop; good
shoer; trial given; good business. Apply San
Mateo Dairy, the other side of Ocean View.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion et.; tel. Mint 1821.
DTDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Moat-
gomery »t. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis TL
WANTSD-MISCELLAKEOIS.
WANTED— A kodak. Address~l>ox~i2V«~~Ca.ll
office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold] silver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS^
AS we are selling good upright planosToiMW
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and T'-.lrteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASF.'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW C.OODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented. $3 per month. Repairing
and 'tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A FINE line of second-hand pianos offered
this week at very low prices, including
Stein ways. Chiekering, Hallett & Davis
Fmerson and otiiers. THE F. W. SPENCER
CO.. 933 Market- st.
ONE Newhall piano 155
One Zech piuno \^ 70
One Fischer piano " 30
Twenty others r>t all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON 1 . 16-20 O'Farrell.
6OHMER & CO. Byron Mausy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other piano:;; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
A VERY fine upright piano left for immediate
cash sale: great bargain: see it this morn-
Ing. Room 12. Flood building.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1
Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 789 Market st.
GOOD German baby grand piano. 1175 Valen-
cia st. ; $50.
$75— BARGAIN; good Fisher piano. SCUMITZ
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
MALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month ud-
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
HORNUNGS new scale pianos; an unpr»T
cedented success. 216 Post ft.
AGENCY Halnes Bros. . pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 post.
KNABE -pianos; now Kate; new Ttyle*T '
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new 57
, MULLF.R. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
storage:.
Fi -R lowest rates go to LOUIS~^Pi?Ei7mXn*
121 Sixth at., open evenings.
AT low Furniture, carpets, planoa.
household goods; clean, light compartmenu:
.advances made. .1. NOOXAX, 1017 to 1021
Mission St., above Sixth;, open evenings. '
AT lowest Household goods, pianos- ad«
vances made: fireproof building F' W
7.EHFTJSS. S-10 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821. '
.ATTORNEYS AT LAW.nUi.INESJ CHANCES.
$450— ELEGANTLY fitted up and money-mak-
ing candy store on Polk st. ; must be sacrl-
liced; owner keeping another business. Apply
WILRE. 781 Market st -"
$3200— THE best fitted up. and guaranteed to
clear $300 net per month, saloon close to claus
Spreckels building; first-class custom; no bet-
ter business offer in the market; Investigate
at once: this is a chance of a lifetime.
WTLK.E. 753 Market st.
$400— SALOON: average dally receipts $10: rent
$26; - doors from Montgomery St.; a bargain.
WILKK. 753 Market st.
$S£O— CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept l>y present owner tor years and riolnK
a good paying business; rare chance: fullest
Investigation Ki«-- ■• WILKE. 753 Market ft.
$1250— OLD-ESTABLISH m m. close to
banks and leading hotels; average daily re-
ceipts $22; rent $30, lease; no night work: j
actual value (2000; own»r to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WICKS, 753 Market st.
BAKER. ATTENTION—
Bakery in Western Addition: price $900; 4 liv-
ing rooms: old established; a first-class bar-
gain. WILKE, 753 Market St.
EXPRESSING and transfer business In 4
cities; good horse . wagons, etc.; established
many years; doing an excellent, steady busi-
ness; has hauling for large wholesale nouses:
offered at a low figure, as owner is engaged
In other business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
ORNER saloon in the busiest manufac-
turing district In the city; old established
place; positive value in sight: will clear $100
per month; living rooms; this is an excel-
lent chance for small Investment: worth $SOO
to any one. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$400— SALOON with 10 well :urnished rooms,
near the ferry; old established; good busi-
ness: selling on account of sickness; cheap
rent: easily worth double the price asked. M.
LESS.: .■.. Market st.
$100— STATIONERY, news stand, restaurant, ;
etc.; living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer i
point of city; must sell; given away. .M.
LESS, 766 Market st.
$ISOO— FIRST-CLASS concert hall . and, family
resort; established 25 years; north of. Mar-
ket; only place of its kind within a' large
radius; full vulue In sight; clearing now ((SO
per month; can be increased; satisfactory
• proof, furnished; investigate this; It's worth
youi wiiile. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$400— DELICACY it. re; fine location; north of I
Market; livine rooms; receipts $15 to $1S !
dally; greatest bargain in this line. M. !
LKSt 705 Market.
A— slso; dlnins room; 30 steady boarders; no
rent; don't miss it. KKEIX) & C 0... 22^
Geary st.
A— s27s; clpnr stand: best corner Kearny; fine
stock; dears $100. KREDO & CO.. 22 1 ,«. Geary.
A— s43o; saloon; side entrance: Market- st.; best
bar in city KREDO & 00., --■.■ deary st.
A— s2iiO; florist and seed business: !■ •>! town
near city; clears $100. KREDO & CO.. 22^ !
Geary st.
$1300— GROCERY, French liquor store, north j
Market; departure for Europe cause of- sale.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 k..:m... St.
JIOOO^OOUNHR grocery, with bar attached;
large trade; horses, tcagons Included: trial
■given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
JSOO— CORNER saloon, near Market st. ; dis-
agreement of pnrtnrrs cause of sale. Me- '
LAUGHLIN & CO. . -J Kearny st. i
A— SSOO— CORNER grocery ■:■ l bar; without
doubt one of the best business corn'r*. ,
$200— Partner wanted in commission nusi-
ness.
$450 — Saloon: old-established, good location,
ami other bargains In saloons, hak ;ri -s and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business; es- I
tablished IS years; $25 to $30 a week each; can |
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary Bt.,
room 2.
PAYING delicacy store: good location: selling
on account of sickness. WICHMAN, LUT-
GEN & CO., 31S Clay St.
CHEAP saloon near the water front. Apply
WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO., 31S Clay st.
DELICACIES and bakery, worth $1000 for.. $2-.(>
Dry goods, stationery, bakery; cheap
Cigar stand, near Baldwin Hotel 4-J
H. C. DECKER IU2O Market St.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; 6 private
rooms; choice location; steady day ana night
trade: a splendid bargain. Apply PACIFIC
EXCHANGE, Si'a Market.
ASKHIM saloon Is now for sale: thirteen years
established; proprietor Rome, north; fine cot-
tage 4 rooms; hot and cold water; ground
lease 3 years ami 5 months; come and see for
yourself; 17th and Folsom. WM. FOLEY.
FOR sale or exchange— Stock, fixtures and fur-
' nitun of notions, stationery and toy store;
good street; low rent; I have other business
and must sell. E. A. HARIUS, 411 Hayes St.
$200— PARTNER wanted In paying restaurant;
principal street; central; meals 25c and up; '
must be, steady man; owner sick - In • bed. ' |
LESS, 705 Market st. j
$75 BUYS dining-room; location first Class;
business good. Inquire The Lorlston Hotel, '
621 Bush st. ->;>•..;
MILLINERY store, centrally located; rare bar-
grain. Apply BUTLER-SCHULTZE CO.. 723
Market Bt^ ■
$100— SALOON and 4 living rooms; rent $10.
S3 Clementina st.. near Second.
BARBER shop for sale near Nineteenth st.
Apply at Call office^
SALOON for sale account of sickness; call and
see owner. --■ Bran nan. i
PARTNER wanted in saloon, 33 Third street; ;
steady man required. I
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
Od.j Fellows' Library, Seventh and Market
Etfl., for sale. This library is now offered for
sale by the board of trustees: it contains a I
choice collection of all kinds of literary and ;
scientific works. The library Is now open for
the sale and Inspection of books from 9 a. m.
until 9 p. m.
RELIABLE business man connected with larg- j
est house on Market St., offers for" sale inter- \
est In hiH "system for playing the races-; in !
successful use every day; Immense- returns; I
" email capital: references given and required; |
price $100. Box 3108. Call office.
PRINTING office for — Complete, nearly
new Job office in best Interior town in State;
pood " run of business; satisfactory reasons;
will bear investigation; cheap. Address Box
3252, Call office. ■' ■
FOR sale at a bargain— The "Office Saloon."
corner City Hall avenue ami City Hall
square. Inquire at saloon. CHAS. FOWLER.
ELEGANT grocery and bar; splendid opportu-
nity; good trade and block; owner retiring on
account of ill health. Investigate. 3251. Call.
YOUNG German with about $1000 in cash,
been working In grocery business, wants to
buy a good corner grocery. Box 3250, Call.
FOR sale cheap— tobacco, cigar, stationery
and cutlery store on Sixteenth; No. 2'.iii7. near i
Howard; proprietor has to leave the city.
FOR Sale — Family liquor store; good location; 1
thorough Investigation. Cigar store, 842 Mar-
ket st.
SHOEMAKER'S shpi>; must pell . account of j
sickness. Apply 532 Valencia St., in bakery.
MUST be sold: cigar and news stand; ' will j
stand Investigation. Apply 518 Hayes at.
WOOD and coal yard; 13] Third st.; old-estab-
lished stand: large and roomy; to rent for
$25 per month.
$230— PORK and delicacy store; nlso furniture
of 2 rooms; good trade; rent $10 paid until
June Address box 3243, Call office.
CORNER saloon in manufacturing portion of
city. Inquire Albany Brewery.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established stand; rent reasonable. ' 2622 Mis-
sion st. .
$250— CORNER saloon; opposite factory; sell on
account of death. 1121 Harrson st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale: reason,
must go to the interior to ranch; will stand
• full Investigation.. Apply at Call office. -
WANTED— A partner with a capital of $600 In
a bakery and coffee house doing $1000 busi-
ness. &2 Pacific aye., Santa Cruz. Cal."
CXTFF.E and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
FOR sale — Icecream, candy and notion store.
837 Sixth Ht. : no as*nts.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ' 33I£S3£KB8BR
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglßt'd Pat.
Agents; established 1802. 319 Pine St.. city.
CARI'E'- CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans
moves, lays carpets. Q. H. BTEVKNS Mgr
38 and 40 EEightt t st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to ' SPAULDINU'S Pioneer Carpet-
bcatlng Works, 363-67 Tehama «t. : tel. So. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new ■'. J
McQUEEN. 453 Stevenson st. ; tel. tS. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Butter'
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. , Proprietor. '
J. WATTS,' reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
Ing. alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jess'e 821.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at Sc
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT: tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaninjj Co., 240 14th
st_; cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74. ••--,..
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gat* aye.: tel. East 126. ■■■■•■■ - . ..-■ -
FURNITURE I Oil SALE. ; ~
WALNUT bedroom " set, almost new; ' marble
top; going away. 306 Greenwich st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until »:M
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* and want ads taken. ' . '..-■
v TERSONALS. .
ON AND after this day I will not be respon-
sible for any . bills contracted by my -wife,
DELIA ; McADOO. _
■■•-■- MATTHEW McADOO^
IU'SINt-SS reRSOXALS.
MASSAGE the head for a few minutes before
retiring; have your hair dressed here for 2oc;
good switches, $1, best. ., finest quality. $3 60;
extra heavy, long. $5; open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton. at.
WANTED— IOO persons to try the painless re-
moval of corns and bunions without the knife.
Call at room 584. Parrott building. ■_
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10. 118 Urant
avenue.
DR. MAUDE INMAN. electric and medicated
vapor baths. 1055 Market, op. Jones, rs. 1 &2.
USE Lederer's Qulnonla as a dally wash for
the hair. G. LEDERER, 11 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d st.. Oakland. Lai.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third at., nr. Market: 500 rooms.
25e to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $« per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES. photo, : and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. ■ v\ ALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. B. F. ■
PAINTING, papering, tinting. ' w , h / i 15. 1n , at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome St.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOR. Ul7 Market Ft., bet, ith and <th.
D&KSSKL
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
i $3 up: dresses made over. 6, Eddy St.. rm. S6.
I SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
I ~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS~'dr'"'f~C : LARK. the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she ,
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she |
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate recovers lost. |
! stolen or burled property; locates treasures ,
minerals: tells your entire life.- past, present ;
; and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
JO a m to p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp fforr r circular with
special terms. MRS DR- F. CLARK rooms
B and 26. 1206 Market st., opp. Sixth.
MRS EMILY MOORE. R33 Howard St.— Th<»
i ■ wonderful trance medium can be consulted j
on all the affairs of life; can read your ,
thoughts; tell Just what you want to know; |
removes evil Influence: locates buried treas-
ures-, if in bad luck she will change it for j
you- letters promptly answered; enclose |
stamps. .Hours; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ■ |
MME PORTER. wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader- born double veil and second sight: I
diagnoses,disea?e: full life reading: ladles 50c. • j
gents $1; palm.and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. ■ 126 Turk.
UPPER flat of three, rooms. 322 Twelfth st.
MME 'SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
: bands 'picture, ;sc; ladles. -914 O'Farrell st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON.- card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120^ Geary st,
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
■:-. 221 Sixth st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME.- RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 2r>c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 929 Post.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant, j
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavn wth. |
' ' I
SPIRITUALISM.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Hall. Eleventh and Clay;
come and hear Mme. Young's wonderful tests
and boy orator to-night; 10c; fine music.
MME. MONTAGUE will hold meeting to-night
at Occidental Hall, old Supreme Court, cor-
ner Larkln and McAllister sts. ; 8 o'clock.
MEDIUMS' Ass' n— Test meeting to-night; Mrs.
Flnnlcan. Robinson, others. 997 Market: free.
AT 111 Larkln St.. S to-night. People's Spirit-
ualist Society; good talent; admission free.
MRS. BLAIR and assistants. '•«" Mission St.,
room IS: massage and alcohol baths.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.: old No. 213.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for usiness and
spiritual sitting*. USA Eddy st.. room 3.
MRS. SHAFFER.-. test and business' medium:
sittings dally. 123% Sixth st., room 14.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, :! 233 .Valencia: sittings, j
$1: circles Tues.. 2; Sat. eve., 8 p. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
rilutn. US Halght st.
HYPNOTISM-
CAL. Institute, 4n2'i Geary; hypnotism taught; ]
diplomas- Issued; diseases and habits cured.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plu- bers and
pood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Micnul. Apply The
Gold Star Co.. Mills building, San Fran.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW,' 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
- Horan Stockvnrds. Tenth nnd Bryant «ts.
LODUI.Nv. HOISTS FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22V4
I Geary st.
SO rooms;- rent $76; clears $150 ....... $1200
48 rooms; best In city; central.:.. ; WO
j 40 rooms; sunny corner: transient 2000
i 21 rooms; big bargain; clears $20...."...'. .. 50
17 rooms; first floor. pays rent ..«."...■." 650
; 16 rooms; Market; central; all fu11.'.....'.' 700
; 10 rooms; Larkln; corner: 5nap.......... 275
< 10 rooms; solid oak: all folding- beds.... 650
: 10 rooms; Ellis; new and Kood '300
. 7 rooms; Market; offices. pay rent,-.,.... ' 200
■ - Hundreds of others at your own price. . .
$1600; 20 rooms; reduced from $2500; best
transient corner; sunny corner; clears $150.
KREDO & CO. ....... . :■"'-
$300; 9 rooms; transient: clears $100: central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
60 ROOMS; rent $125; sunny corner; owner
leaves for Alaska; 18 rooms clear $50... $700
10-room flat; sunny corner ...'.. • 225
25-room house; sunny corner ...r. .. 1000
22-room house; fine corner 301»0
29-room house; clears $160; must 5e11..... ;?00
29 rooms: near Palace Hotel; rent $65.... ISOC
in- room house; new and good; Ellis st.. 850
I 60 rooms; rent $65: clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. - : ■
MUST be sold Immediately; 27-room'good room-
ing-house; bargain. Inquire at 112 Taylor st.
HOTEL of 24 furnished rooms; good place; no
agents. Apply Call office. .. . . --
FOR ' Sale— 23 rooms, ' well furnished; ■ steady
roomers; rent reasonable. 110 Hyde st.
LODGING house of 16 rooms, well furnished
and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st. - r.:
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office or The Call.
■ Subscriptions nnd want ads taken. '
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; I*
and 2-bowl barber waahstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap, ) large vault In Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3163. Call office. . "- .".'. .
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 627
Mission st. '
— 20-MILE power field and marine glass, for
$10; cost $30. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE— improved plat in Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery. Apply 304 Third St., room 1.
INCUBATOR cheap; fine 600-efrg machine; good
as new. 1308 Wood st., Oakland. ... ..  ,
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 5 drawers; almost
new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
10- HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 654 Mission st. . ■ • '-
BARS, back bars, mirrors, - showcases, ■• coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store ; and
office furniture and • fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.- ■ ;',; ', -' -"■ } '
FOR SALE — pumps, engine and - boiler
and large Iron tank. Apply HAVENS; &
: 'TOEPKE. Architects; 56 Flood building. ;
ENGINE.- boiler, : dynamo,; motor, halts * and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st. ;;. : .•
J. -R. POOL,- house-mover, dealer eecond-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand;'" cheaper than
ever. ;; Hermann ' Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento. ;
FES -Bargains : In; new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, :S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, '$5 per doz. ;
PrpJectoßCOpe. $100. Bacigalupl. : 933-846 i Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, stole, hand-truck, letter-press,
'. desk and safe cheap. ; 102 Clay st. .;-.■'■.» ■■■■■■
BARS, showcases, counters," shelving, etc.',
boup-ht and sold. ' 1063 Mission.* near Seventh.:
, t^ •swore MuUnunM.
ALL * kinds " bought, sold, exchanged, ■ rented;
' repairing; lowest rates. , 205 Fourth st. ■ ■
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought. sold; ■
: manhln* «unnllss. Ufi Sixth St.; BhoneMlnt 46.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET S
ALL OVER TOWN— T^^T^"!'
You see houses : to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. W Montgomery. . ; y^, ,; . ; 1
HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath; large yard; cellar.
2407 Clay St.. near Webster.  ■■ ■■ ;.:,-.
LAGUN A, ' 1715— House of . 8 rooms and bath,
yard, ; basement; latest \ improvements; ■ $30. ■: -.
TURK, — House of 7 rooms; all modern Im-
provements. - ..-.-. : ■ ' ■■ :■ ■■ ■■
FURNISHED IiOLSKs.
FURNISHED house in Berkeley to man " and i
wife; nominal rent for eight months; pear
station. . Apply l.nmedlatel- "2163 Dwlght
way. Berkeley.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water ; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero st. .; .
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— A handsome middle flat;
every convenience; piano; garden. • •
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— Choice; elegant:
sunny; appreciated If seen: please lnvstl-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap: optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$7 -SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. 6.4 Silver st. off Third..
, -.- FLATS TO LET.
A— s2s GEARY-ST. flats reduced to $13.
A— sl6 Geary-st. flats reduced to $10.
A— s4s house. $32. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
FLAT, 375 Shotwell Sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath,- with stable;: rent reasonable. . ~, ,
FLAT of 6 rooms ' and bath, very cheap; on
sunny side; l22"4San Jose aye., bet. 23d and
24th sts. Apply 1515^ Market st. . .- ;
HAIGHT, 1021. above Broderick, near Park-
Sunny 6-room flat; fine view.
NEW modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; 18
Seymour aye., bet. Scott and Devlsadero sts.,
. off Golden Gate aye.: $27..
NINETEENTH. 3964, near . Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern. $14; 699 Noe, corner Nine-
I teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15: 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
6 rooms, modern, . $15, water free..
i PINE, 1228, near Hyde— A sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath: rent $20. ■
I RARELY beautiful; northwest corner Sutter
and Scott sis.; 6 big rooms, $26. Key at 2300
Sutter st.
! REAR flats of 4 and 6 rooms, S2OH Larkln St.;
$11 and $14: newly painted and papered. Ap-
ply L. C. BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
| SEE those beautiful flats in warm belt of
Mission; newly tinted and painted, through-
out; 6 rooms, bath and latest improvements;
1002 and 1004 Dolores St., cor. Twenty-third;
i rent cheapest in city; upper reduced from fib
I to $20 and lower reduced from $22 50 to $1S;
! now open for Inspection. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. ,
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; charms . given. 73 Fourth st.
$14— COZY- funny lower flat. 4 rooms, bath,
yard. 6 Shotwell st.. near Fourteenth.
FURNISHED^ FLATS. • '
MISSION, 2706 A —Elegantly furnished sunny,
new. flat; 6 rooms and -bath; references. • < -
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CENTRAL House, 52 Second— Light housekpg,
single and double rooms, $125 to $3 week.
CLAY, 102C — 3 large . unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: all conveniences; good order; $9.
I EDDY, 004 — or three sunny furnished rooms;
] complete for housekeeping. , . , ',:
EDDY, 917— Sunny, nicely furnished large con-
necting housekeeping rooms; splendid loca-
tion. . ■ ' .
ELEVENTH. 105— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. . ,
ELLIS, 563, rear — unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent $10.
F" 7H. 314— LARGE sunny fr. -.t bedroom and
kitchen; running water; bath; no children;
private; $11.
FIFTH, 32S— 3 furnished, $13: 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath, for housekeeping, $22; also single, . $5.
FOLSOM. Large front bay-window room;
housekeeping; every convenience. ' ■
FOLSOM, 15S1 — Basement : 2 furnished • rooms
for housekeeping; rent $7. ■/ .■■
GOLDEN ' GATE, 610 — 3 " sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; first floor; rent $20 per, mo.
HICKORY aye., 185, .near Gough— 2 large
housekeeping rooms; every, convenience; $S.
HOWARD, 511— Two or. three sunny rooms,
i complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
I HOWARD, E2s— Rooms furnished complete for
. housekeeping. '•■- • ■ ';'•.- **' ! ■ ..*"■;■ ' .
HOWARD,. 704. cor. Third— Nicely furnished
sunny, front rooms; also housekeeping: ". * ■'.■ ■
JEoSIE— 373, .near Fifth and Market— House-
! . keeping; $8; single,"' $5. ,' ". '
KEARNY,- 104—3 unfurnished rooms and bath;
references exchaneed. ; ' • ■■■
LARKIN. 326—3 elegant sunny housekeeping
apartments; exclusive kitchen; central; bath.
i MINNA, 725—3 nice rooms In front; big yard;
I rent. $8. ■ •. . . „'. . • .■ . .- . • .
I
; MISSION, 1219— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. .-"... . ■•
NATOMA, 608— Three furnished housekeeping
rooms; complete; cheap.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Bay-window, with
mantel, kitchen, gas stove, complete; $14.
ROOM and kitchen;: completely furnished;
reasonable. 18 Lewis St., off Taylor, ;nr. Post.
RUSS, 116, near Sixth— Double parlors and
■ kitchen; unfurnished or partly furnished.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 4 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $7 to $12; 2 or 4 unfurnished. $.", $8.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms, nice-
■ ly furnished for housekeeping, $10 a month.
TENTH. 111, near Mission— Large sunny rooms
. for housekeeping; also others. . . .
THIRD, 304— Furnished, $2 per week up; sin-
gle rooms, $1 25 up;, brick, building. - . ,
THIRD, Sunny suites of housekeeping
rooms; newly renovated; $10, $8, $7 month.
TURK, 543—2 sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping; gas and bath; $15. '
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
TWELFTH, 230 C —3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; refined family. ,
VAN NESS. 1021— Sunny front suite; 3 rooms
and kitchen; gas; range: all complete.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229—3 furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; first class; first floor.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; also
double; Hobo to station.. 821 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton . St. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49. :
ARLINGTON House. 127 ' Kearny st."— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and. single; flr»t-cla»a
in every respect; terms reasonable. .
AT 522 Polk— Furnished and unfurnished our.ny
suites and single, complete for housekeeping.
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day . or mo.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; faml-
lies and gentlemen; references given..
BUSH, 1124— Elegant single rooms, bath, run-
| ning water; grounds; references. •
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished . slngl*
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDINBURGH, 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, en suite, single.
EDDY, 1 113— Neat sunny single room for ; gen-
■ tleman; $5 60. -.»•.-•: -..
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— per night,
EOc to $1; week, $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 614— Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch T office of The / Call.
Subscriptions and ads ■ taken. ; ".,
ELLIS,. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class Bunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FOLSOM. Sunny double bay-window cor-
;-; ncr • room; two gentlemen; private 'family;
bath; gas. - - ■ ; . , -. - ;
FOR single business men, in very quiet house,
with or without breakfast; California, Hyd*
; and Polk; ." references. Box 3220, ■ Call office; .
FULTON, ■ 3— Nice sunny ,, J rooms ' to " let, J: day,
: '- week dr month. T ... ,: ■: .' .-• 'j .]-■'■■. -'.".: " -..; ',
GEARY, " — Large ■' sunny -. bay-window rooms;
•. suites and single: light housekeeping. '• •■
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: select family
, rooming house; $160 to $6 per week. , -.-.
HAVES. 738— 2 - or ' 3 * modern, - sunny rooms:
housekeeping If desired; select, neighborhood.
HOWARD, 716, • ST. DAVID'S — ' 200 rooms;
■ suites; single: sunny reading room; 25a. up.
KEARNY, ' 324— Sunny furnished room ' for 1
; gentleman; private family;, $5.-' ;.r.,:
LARKIN, 1200— Nice sunny single rooms, $4 mo.
HUp;j good " board j and : room; $3 60 per week. 1
MARKET, 1055, ' ' opposite- , Jones— Large • front
,t room. '. furnished ior \ unfurnished. ",-* . t- '-"-;V
MASON, : 225— Newly;,' furnished r . sunny - ; bay-
~: window rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
McALLISTER, 835— Back \ parlor: t sunny; ■ suit-
..: able for lor 2 gentlement;: reference.
McALLISTER, . 1220— • sunny ■• furnished • rooms
• ■ wiUi or without board.. ■._■•;•.■•;■. ••.•"•".:
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly " furnished
bay-window room,' sl a week. . :
NATOMA, 282, .■■ near Fourth— 3 -. unfurnished
rooms with water and yard. .', :, ; :. r.. ;
O'FARRELL, 203, - corner Powell— Nice suite;'
also single rooms, by day or month.';' v.« '
O'FARRELL, Sunny bay-window . front
room. $12; other, rooms, $8 and $10. .'--> ;
POLK, 1133— Sunny rooms; " also corner front
room. furnished or partly furnished. ,
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; • flrst-
class In every respect. .-.
POST . Sunny •; room for gentleman; run-
; ning water; closets; upper flat. .; : -/
SEVENTH, . 142 (Glrard House)— Sunny suites
and . single rooms ■ at . lowest rates. -'.-".'-.■
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished. .
FULTON, 118— Sunny furnished single .rooms;
also rooms, unfurnished, for, housekeeping.
TENTH, 123— Nicely furnished, " t large sunny
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second—
workrooms to let. ,: . . ,; ;. ; -, ,y -;;
STOCKTON. 242— Nice - sunny rooms, facing
plaza; suites, single; baths; by day or mo. <
SUTTER, 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnlsh-
' ed: choice and sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
HOARDING AND ROOMS. ,-, ■
ELLIS. Nicely furnished suite, suitable for
2 -or 3, "with, board; also single room. : ■'; -.-. ■ .1
FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week;' nice location. '-■;-,->.;
FULTON. 833 (The Mizpah)— A qu*t family,
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
. suite; exceptional .table; terms reasonable.
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class • board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BRQTHERTON.
HYDE. 40S— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
LELAND Hall. Palo Alto, box Handsome
flat and single rooms, ; with or without board;
pleasant surroundings: terms reasonable.
MARKET, IS2O (Hotel Las Palmas)—
handsome suites; private bath and ■ dining-
room connecting; board optional; also single.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite: s>lncle rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. P. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ;
WIDOW with comforable home would like 2
children to board; reasonable.. 51 Clara at.'.
REFINED home for child over 3 years; sunny
yard, $10 per mo. Box 3256, Call office.
AN. elderly lady will 'take Infants to board;, a
mother's care: references- 234 Sixth Bt. :
STORES TO LET.
COR. store, 4 rooms, $14; stable If required. SB5l
Twenty-fourth 5t;.22d T st. cars pass.', ... , ."
SIXTH. 538— Store, 3 rooms, large yard; rear
entrance; rent $11. •• "--.:.; •
SMALL store .to let; rent. $15. 226 Ellis st.
OFFICES TO LET.
FLOOR suitable for offices or otherwise. 475
Geary st. ■ ' •- . •
~~ EDUCATIONAL. . :.-
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil, and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
" versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordeu
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
Individual Instruction In : shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, • etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month. -
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. 572, 855. Market st:
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. • 3941
-Twenty-fourth st. .' ; " -' : "'
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.' survey, assay, archlt.; day ft eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILEN, 933 Market.
WEBSTER. '■ 2107>4— Piano teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best -references."'
VOICE culture, pfeino, Paris graduate: French,
! Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
; .->'.•;",-. '; ■  : lost. JJ y '.^ -^-' - ..-
Pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San- Francisco, in the
name of FANNIE B. WHITE, 4 No. 185.975.
The finder will "lease return to bank.
LOST— In Western Addition, dark-green leather
bag, containing pearl purse with about. $40;
' liberal reward. 2432 " Jackson st ■ . . .
LOST— Stickpin; ruby and diamonds. Finder
return to 1001 Bush st. ; reward. . ■
LOST— Small watch charm filled with quartz;
valuable as keepsake. Suitable reward "If
returned to 212 East st.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, gentleman's wed-
ding ring; engraved Inside, M.M. to F. L.
H.. March 28, 1894; reward. 36 California • st.
LOST— Great Dane, male; blue color; ears
cropped; no dew claws: liberal reward. MR3.
ALFRED RONCOVIERI, 722 California st.
PLAIN gold ring with diamond set; reward.
2«76 Sixteenth st. ■"-.: .
LOST— Red leather, pocketbook containing U.
' ,S. Government certificate, dated June, ISB4,
and other papers: no value. Leave at saloon
corner Fourth and Townsend sts. and receive
reward. ■■ . ... ■- • .- '
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CHARLES B. LEARNED. -No.
191,234. The finder will please return to bank.
BANK " book, ' San ' Francisco Savings . Union,
CHAS. B. LEARNED; . also - small black
pocketbook, containing . •-.- promissory .note
drawn Nov. 20, 1893, , In favor same. party. ■
CASH given for old gold and sliver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
, DENTISTS.
A FULL Bet of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; '-warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, . $1 up;
silver, 50c up; • artificial teeth ■ repaired, ■ $1
up; our crown and bridge work Is the best;
hours, 9 a. -m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays, 9 to 1.
9C9 Mission, cor." Sixth;; branch. 371 Hayes.
I DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. Uth;
no ■ charge for ■ extracting • when • plates . are
made; old plates-made over like, new: teeth
from $8 per set; ertractlng 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, -discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
" painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. , 997 Market at., corner ; Sixth. : { "
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market St., Acad-
emy of Sciences building, fifth floor; painless
dentistry. ':.. .. • .;.;':
L. A. TEAOUE, A.CANE and P. TEAGuiT
removed to Call bldg.,"- 6th floor, ■ rms. : 603-807.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. .-...-■.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. -
horse;. .
BUGGIES,' wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
.or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
. sell. '„■! At Emporium, 220 Valencia st. •
JUST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. ; auction every Tuesday. ■:■.■,■■ ,.' ~y
40 HORSES • for sale : 1 also ■ , Masons, buggies.
carts, - harness: Grand Arcade .Horse, Mar- 1
■. ket 827 Sixth St.. auction sales > every • Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN :<: DOYLE. AuptlPneem.
WAGONS ■ AND r CARRIAGES.; v
' FINE laundry, baker's r and- milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1. fine top. and, open
buggy: also 1 hack. .828: Harrison St. ..'
. .': LEGAL -. KO'i'iCKg. ;'; : , --. .-.- : '.'.;:
CITY and County Treasury. San ~ Francisco.
March 16, IS9B-ln compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, -approved September 15. 1880.
there will be 'sold at public auction 'by E. S. ;
Spear '&' Co.. at their salesrooms. II- and S3
Butter street, on ~ '"■■■• <■.-.■.'■■. ..- -j. "
. bu " ■■ " MONDAY. APRIL 18, 1898, .". ;
"'-'At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
an inventory thereof on file ;In , the ;of floe of
the clerk sof the Board of Supervisors, . and
1 consisting ,of jewelry, ; wearing apparel, * pis-
tols, knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises.
clothing." etc., property »of i deceased persons
received ; from the Coroner of this city and
■ county. ■-■ Open for '-. inspection on morning •of
Bale- ■-.;.-= ••■' ■ -• ' - A. C IWIDBER,
'■'■'■■.. -■ :" ■ ■'■_-■ City and County Treasurer.
. PHYSICIANS.
;-_ -- "; ,;, -._-_■;■' ' ,- ' ' ---;-'■■ : ■ ;■'-", -• •'. -,'-.- .-. .- ■'_'_■
DR. "i C. C. ; . d*DO..NELL, ■ oflice and residence,
i ;:,< 1206 Market; ■ disease* el " women a specialty.
;-; CITY REAL ESTATE.
j ~
.'"" ■- ■'•'" REAL ESTATE ;/ . ;.."'- '.". !
• V-" ' FOR ALB BY ,' ;\ '
THOMAS MAG EE & SONS, '.;•
•'.;-. '■' 4 MONTGOMERY ST. ' ..'. _-»■••«■■•
Market St., double front, good. brick Improve-
ments, near Sixth st. '. . -. •, .-__'.'. i. ■.'->'■',
Keamy st., large lot, double'' front S-story and
basement brick 'building;; rents $425. ' v '•■ _•'
Rents $487; : price reduced, to $57,500: solid 3-
story and basement brlok' hotel building; stores
below; ■ prominent dowtown corner; two-thirds
can remain on mortgage.^ ; - - •
Two fine Market-st. investments In retail dis-
trict, : north and s south side, $100,000 to $150,000
each.; -;■:■':■■ -..■' . :"■- \] ■ >,'■>.*-.-,;'
Offer wanted; elegant' Investment: rents $250:
price reduced from $40,000' to $35,000: used to
rent for $300; 70 feet front, and a new brick
building, on California st.
Fine Investment corner inside Larkln , st. ; 100
xllO. and substantial improvements; rents $270;
$35,000. ; . ..-' . ;; ;>■
Rents $225: $27,B00: a fine buy: half a block
from New City Hall; double front; large lot;
good improvements. : ;
. Reduced ■ to "$21,000; "Third st., near Mission;
brick building; leased at $135.. '."'■■'f:" :
Rents $175 under leases;- $22,500; Washington
St.; downtown investment;- brick building and
large lot; two ' fronts. '•'.:. ;•• ";■■-. ■'•"•"■■ '
Ellis ' st., between • Taylor - and * Jones: 27:« x
137:6, and fine two-story: can be remodeled and
will. ray good interest; $15,000. ,•-..--
TWO new Pacific avenue residences: lust com-
pleted: corner. Pacific avenue and Scott' St.;
latest style architecture; natural wood finish
throughout; marine view; most fashionable
lacatlon; houses open for inspection to-day.;
$650 AND up will .build , 4-roora cottages: will
call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, - builder, 521 . X
st.. Sunset District. . ' '■
NEW 4-room cottage for sale; Bernal Heights;
price,; $900. Address box 3235. Call office.
FOR Sale— 7-room- house, barn and lot. . In-
quire 510 San Jose aye.
BkLONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d > mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery Bt., room 3. .
LOANS 'on furniture' or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. ■> at lowest rates, ■ without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, abov» Sixth;
tel. South 14. '•- - - -.' »"'■•
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest -. rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st: tel. Green 204. • ■ '-* .
ON r furniture, pianos; • city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25' up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell St.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis.: low interest Rm. . 68, ' 1170 Market.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California st. ■
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. i 413 . Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates : etc ; MURPHY. 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office, of The Call.
Subscriptions and want, ads taken.
MONEY WASTED.
$3800 PRIVATE loan . wanted reasonable i rate
on income business property. Box 3263, Call.
• FINANCIAL.
LOANS en ' real estate, bonds, etc. ;■ lowest
rates. . McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery: st. .
PAWNBROKERS. - l'^, •';?
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st, bet. , Market and. Eddy. :
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE "
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. ; private rooms.
■:■:■>; '? .-? MEDICAL. -;_ "^ »
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies;,"
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers .treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
. fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister , st. pills, $2. -.>
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 918 Post St., 'near Larkln. • ; .
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with; best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. .
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, . only doctor who * uses ' \
Schenck's method, the celebrated French phy-,
■ siclan: safe, sure; reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength ■" and
vigor of organs; unexcelled;' 15 years' prac-
tice; home; • best skill;' low -fees; pills, $2.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or '.
instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for female ; troubles, ;no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can/fee sent and used at home. -DR. .
. POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram. ;.."•.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from: what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
office $5; consultation free; hours 10 to" 6.*
j PR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st. : , - :
A BOON to wives and. — Seguro; price
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.; send
2c ' stamp for particulars to Seguro \ Manu- .
facturing ; Co., 531 X St., ; Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio. 71 Fourth Ladles'
ire cure; any, all; cure at office, $5; pills,- $1.
LADIES— Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st. /'
DR. HALL. 69 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and children. ■ " •; ' ' " -. .-■• "' ;
HOME In ■ confinement: . diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Office of the Registrar of Voters,
City Hall. ,
Sealed bids will be received, by the Board of
Election Commissioners : in open session on
Saturday, April 16, ISSS, at 10 o'clock a, m., ; .as
follows: ■ ■. ■■ v. ; ■ ■.■'•-.■• " -•'■■
■ First— For repairing and setting. up election
houses in such ■ special election precincts as
may be designated by the Registrar of Voters,
and repairing and setting up within the same
the compartments, , stands ', and tables, ■ and- for
taking down all the election houses erected and
storing them, together ; with compartments,
stands and tables, in the city's warehouse, near
Fourth and. Hooper streets. ;■ ■ .-.....-:*•,-.
Second— For furnishing polling places with
chairs,- lamps and- oil. : . ■' ■' .
• Third— For printing and furnishing ■ twenty-
five thousand, (25,000) maps, lithographed, for
the eighteen assembly districts. • .
All work to be done In conformity to the
specifications, and subject to the : conditions
Imposed by section No. 3245 -of the Political
Code. r, . - ;■' r- •" ' ..--'.'■. ■ : .
•-• Plans and ; specifications and . penalties to be
imposed for any violation of the same are now
on file at the office of : the Registrar of Voters.
N, ; ; .:..-.: W. J. BIGGY...
Registrar of Voters, : City and County .of San
■ Francisco: . >.. :: l: -->■'• :^ \-. \'. ■ . ":. -■■■-'• ■■■.■':■..,- " ■■ -.'. '-
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton— Office
Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal., April
12. ISPS. ■•• ••■ •• -.; ■■•■■ •• ■ ■ , ' • . -■', "•
'■■ Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here and at officer of -Commissaries at
Alcatraz - Island, Angel Island, Benlcla Bar-
racks. , Fort ; Mason, • Presidio ■ of ■ San J Francisco
and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11 o'clock'
a. i m., 1 May 12, *• 1898, and then opened, for "fur-",
nishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton in -bulk
required at those .posts by : the Subsistence | De-
partment, United States t Army, during I period
commencing' July; 1 1, and ending •' December 1 31,
1898. > Fresh ; beef shall •- be • good -. in quality and
condition fit tpr immediate use, 's and from fore
and hind-quarter 'meats proportionally. Includ-
ing all the best 'cuts i thereof. Fresh; mutton
shall be ;of ; good,' ■: fat , and : marketable quality,
from '■ wethers over one : and under three years-
old Beef "and ' mutton to be -• dressed and
trimmed and delivered as prescribed In circular
of instructions. ■ Proposals will be also received
stating l price at which- bidder will deliver fresh
beef or mutton of I character above ! stated, . and
to be delivered of temperature not greater than
50 •» degrees > Fahrenheit. :r Government ; reserves
right to reject in whole or in part any or all
bids '■■" Instructions ' furnished on application to
Post Commissaries 'or CHARLES P. EAGAN,
Colonel, Chief Commissary. 1 . ■•■'-. :&'i?
■"-■' ;■-;• '1 WBl'i ISRS. ■;•;■/ .
' -,_rur ■.., .
ALL typewriters Bold and rented: few, partly
used j for ' sale • cheap; : , send for ' samples and
{trices.' ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
MEXICO— Lands • In Tropical ■ Mexico for rais-
Ing ; coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla. •
etc. : large and small tracts. For further in-
formation apply- to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle 1 building, representing the Int. Land and
Col, r Co. :of Mexico City. Mexico. ■
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
. Stanford University 1 and Mountain View; 1
mile from May field; house 7 rooms: 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc: will -ent low
for. 1 or 3 years to suitable tenart. Apply C.
8.. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts.. 639 Market.
! TEHAMA' County. 80 acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant. .
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwool. Shasta Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
: OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold— Corner lot, ';•' 100x150, with 3
' houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from ', narrow , gauge ; depot;
will be' sold In whole or part: " offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent; $12; a 4-roorh '.modern cottage, wifh
bath, •■ basement, stable, city water; " lot 20Sx
220, with fine stand of feed, fruit trees, etc.;
all fenced. Apply R. J. MONTGOMERY, 1112
Broadway, Oakland. '- . . .
6-ROOM house; laundry and bath; water free.
Apply 557 Sixth St., near station.'.- ".
OAKLAND 1 ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, en suite or single, furnished or !
unfurnished; elegant private residence: every
convenience; large 'well, kept grounds. 715 Bth.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
FIFTEENTH, Pleasant sunny front rooms,
with board;; private; large yard. . • ••:
SUNNY rooms; good home board: reasonable;
no children. 1020 Adeline, Oakland, nr. trr.i.i
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland. '
\ OAKLAND MEDIUM. i
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
cordially Invites the public to call; business
readings. 875 Washington St., r. 3. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
: . ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. \
— Lot 60x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
echoolhouse, ■- . ' ■'. *. .  ■-• .
$1200— Sacrifice; corner.lot 35x140; good house oi
6 rooms : and one . of , 4 rooms. - • .. ,
. $1600— 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath:- near- Chestnut station. '
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150: only
2 blocks .from station, and . higm ' school.
: $3750— New Jioiise Of 7.. rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms. . -
'■,'. Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.'. .
■ ; H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st. ""■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2700— A FINE house of 8. rooms; lot 40 x 160;
street work all done; splendid view. JOSEPH
; J. MASON. Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$1250 — A VERY big bargain; house of 6 rooms
and bath, etc.; lot 40x130; improvements cost
$1200. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station. .
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
PKOPERTV 1O KXCHAMiI..
TWO stores and 6-room flat; in city $5000
House and lot in Napa City for house and
lot In city or Oakland .. 3000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61 SO**)
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S.F.
NEW house and lot to exchange for lots. Call
329 Thirteenth st. <•■ ;< "■:■ ■ ■
PROPERTY WANTED. , ,
HOUSE or cottage, 6 or 7 rooms: installment;
state price and terms. Box 3129, • Call office.
' MARRIAGE LICENSES. ,-! .. v . : . ■
' The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:. " '-.*■'
A. J. Thompson and Alice M. Taylor, 41-26.
J. M. Ivanqvlch and MargVte MiUoglav. 28-23.
Robert La ughl In and Cora Fairclough, 24-20.
John P. Connor and Louise Kirby, 21-13.
C. A. -"Wilson and Myrtle M. Moses, 22-20.
J L. Hald and Hannah Rasmussen, 30-20.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS, "
Birth, marriage and ! death notices ' sent by
mail will not be inserted. ■ They - must be
handel in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the s&me pub-
lished.
BORN.
CLAYTON— this city, March 29,; 1898,. to the
wife of Ernest Clayton, a daughter. ;
EVANS— In Round' Valley, Cal., April 2, 1898,
to the wife of W. H. Evans, a daughter: :
ISAACS— In this . city, . April 11, . 1898, to the
wife of Edward Isaacs, a daughter. .-=-■ ; . .*
LEVINGSTON— In this city, April 12, 1898, to
the wife oft M.. A." Levlngston, a son.
McMURRY— Near Big Pine. Cal., April 1, 1898,
to the wife of H. H. MeMurry. a son."
SKIFFS— ApriI ; 6, ; IS9B, to the wife of Albert
E. Skiffs, a son. .
MARRIED. ;
COWAN— In this '. city, April 12, 1898,
by the Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D., William T.
Boyce and Jessie I. Cowan, both of San
Francisco. .^., : , • . ■
WOOD— In this' city, April 6, 1898, by
the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, David H. . Green and
Carrie Wood. ; '■•■»■■> '
WIENER— HEINRICH— In this city, April 10,
IS9S, by the Rev;- Dr. J. Nieto, Joseph A.
Wiener and Paula H-einrich. :
DIED. ■■•■
Buhr, Benjamin F. '. . McNally, Michael ,■
Crummey, Rebecca Meier, * Annie I. .
Dove, James Mibach, Catharlna .
Duebel, William ■ Miller, Dlna
Egan, Catherine ■ Monlghan, Thomas J.
Falk, Ernestine Mostahinlch Matthlea
Gallen, Hannah ' .; Muller, Elizabeth
Guiltenan, Mrs.'Mary O'Donnell, Maggie
; Heilbron, Josephine ■ Plclnlch, Martin -
Hlggins, Charles M. Quinn, Patrick
Hoesch, Josephine Ross, Eliza
Hudson, Tilden, Hannah C.
, Kolbe, William A. ' Trimm, Charles H.
Leary. Daniel  Tschech, Elisa - ■
Lechevallier, Mrs.' I. ' Upton, Bessie ,
Lee. Allen . Wade. William H. .
■ Luhr. August "":' ' - Walsh, Gaorge
Mclntyre, William E. -
BUHR— In Oakland, Cal., April 12, 1898, Ben-
• jamin F. • Buhr, ■a . native of St. Louis, aged
.48 years. ■: •-. ;. ■_ ■..--, ■■■: . . . v .. ,
CRUMMEY— In South San Francisco, April 12,
IS9S, Rebecca, beloved wife of the late John
Crummey, and' mother of John T., Hugh P.,
. Owen, Annie : and Rebecca Crummey, a na-
tive of ' County ■ Monaghan, * Ireland, , aged ■63
year 6 months and 11 days. -.: .--
|£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 9:30 o'clock, ■ from ; her late
residence, . 1106 . Railroad avenue, near Four-
■; teenth > avenue south, r thence to All . Hallows
Church, N street, between Fifteenth and Six-
: teenth avenues : south, South San Francisco,
where ;a •■ solemn • requiem high mass will be
■ celebrated for the ■. repose - ; of ; her soul, com-
' mencing at 10 o'clock.- Interment Holy Cross
. . Cemetery. .  '. •
DOVE— this city, April 11, 1898, James, be-
husband of Alice Dove, and father of
1 George S. and Joseph A. Dove and Mrs. Jo-
i seph Taylor. ' a native : of Nottingham, Eng 1 -
'; land, aged 79 years 1 month and 29 days.
DUEBEL— this city, April 11, 1898, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of Charles A. and
Frieda Duebel, and brother of Charles Duebel
Jr., :i native of San 1 Francisco, aged 20 years
10 months and 11 days.. (New York papers
please copy.) ■.
tETThe ■: funeral will take place ■ this day
. (Wednesday), at ; 10 o'clock, • from - the • resi-
. dence of his parents,: 2719 ; Union . street, be- '
tween Broderick and Baker. Interment pri-
vate," I. Oi O. F. Cemetery. •' ■.. : ■ ■ - ■■■ :>;
EGAN— In this city, April , 12, 1898, ■ Catherine,
;• beloved: wife, of Frank ;s* Egan, mother of
Charlotte, Mary and Ellen Egan, and sister
'of Margaret, Daniel,' John and Michael Spell-
. man and, Mrs. M- J. Griffin, a.' native of San
■ Francisco, aged 27 years. " v :""," " ", ■
(C7 Friends and " acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
,* (Thursday),- at 8:30 'o'clock, from her late
■ residence, ■ Silver avenue' and Han Bruno road,
thence- to All Hallov^s Church, Fifteenth aye-
. nue, South San Francisco, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will he. celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■-■ ■■■■ : ; ■
FALK— In this city, April 12. 1898, Ernestine,
' beloved, wife of - Philip' Falk, and mother of
• . Mrs..Gussle Schmltt, Mrs. J. P. Sargent and
: Ray :'O.' arid', Charles :J. Falk, a ' native of
Germany, aged 62 years. :•. <
. ETFuneral and ■ interment private. • ■
ALLEN— In! this city, April 12, IS9B, H/vnnah.
. beloved wife of Daniel Gallen, and mother of
"'•! John T., -' George , and ■ James ■ Gallen, ; Mrs. <H.
: ■F. McGee. : Mrs. John : O'Nell. Mrs. Dan ;J.
; ' Hern, and > Hannah '■ and ; Kate • Gallen, ' a : na-
■:, tive of .the parish of Fermonamoncan, County
Tyrone, Ireland, aged 61 years. - . . .
■-. ET'Notice of funeral hereafter. .--I. ----
GUILTENAN— Ban Jose, April 10, 1898, Mrs.
- : Mary Guiltenan, ■ a ■ native <or . Ireland, aged
"-;' 67 years. •■•"■ ■ '". ' ' _'.' '• . ->-...-
HEILBRON-In-tblfl city, April 12, 1898, Jose- ,
phine, dearly beloved daughter of Thena and
the late Theodor Heilbron, and sister of
Louis Heilbron, a native of New York, aged
19 y»ars and 9 months.
HIGGINS— In this city. -A-ril 10, 189S, Charles
M., beloved son of Maurice and the late
Mary- Higgins. and brother of Maurice Hig-
gins, a native of fc" ji Francisco, aged 21
years.
It:.' 1 Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the Tuneral this day
( Wednesday), at >:m> o'clock, !i"in his laic
residence. 1206 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a rolemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOESCH— In this city, April 12. IS9S, Joseph-
ine, I beloved mother of John Hoesch. Mrs.
Frank L. Bodwell and Mrs. Chester Pack-
ard.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
HUDSON— In this city. April 12, 1898, George
Hudson, a native of Franklinville, Suffolk
County, Long Island, >.'. V., aged 74 years
and 1 month.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs- ■
day), at 10:30 o'clock, at his late residence,
226 Fifth street. Interment Cypress . Lawn
Cemetery.
KOLBE— In this city. "April 12, IS9S, William
A., husband of Matilda Kolbe, and father of
William A. Kolbe Jr. of Australia, a native
of Germany, aged 64 years.
LEARY— this city. April 10, 1898, Daniel,
beloved husband of the late Ellen Leary, a
native of .Dunmanway, County Cork,. Ireland-
aged 79 years.
(n?"Fr!end<: and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:BU o'clock", from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29
Fifth street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LECHEVALLIER— In San Jose, April 12, 189*.
Mrs. Inez Lechevallier, daughter of Mr?. E.
M. Talman, sister of Mrs. H. Gatzen, and
mother of Mrs. A. Goers, a native of Long
Island, N. V. t aged 4G years 7 months and ■
20 days. -. ■ . . ■.-■"...
(C^The funeral will take place to-morrow,
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from AVoodrow't
undertaking parlors. 117 South First street.
San Jose. Friends of Lincoln Post No. 1 and
Mamineto Tribe, Order of Red Men, please
take notice.
LEE— Near Yreka, April 1, 1803, Allen Lee, a
native of Ohio, aged 71 years.
LUHR— In this city, April 11. I?9S, August, l
dearly beloved son of Marie Luhr. and ■
brother of William Luhr, : ..is. J. Schloen,
Mrs. C. H. Linn, Mrs. C. Stelline and Mrs.
C. Schroeder. a native of Scharembcck. Gen
many, aged 2S years 7 months and 11 days. •
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-. •
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow :
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residency
of his brother-in-law, John Schloen. 2439 Bu.
chanan street, corner Jackson. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
McINTYRE— In this city, April 12. MM, WH-
liam E., beloved son of John and the lat*
Ann Mclntyre. and brother of John,
Lizzie and Annie Mclntrj'e, a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years and 1 month.
C?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McNALI,Y— In this city. April 11, 1898. Michael,
beloved husband of Kate McNally, father ot
Willie, Michael Joseph. Mary Asrnes. Cather-
ine Teresa and John Edward McNally, and
brother of William and James McNally, a na-
tive of the parish of Kilicommon, County
Mayo, Ireland, aged 3X years.
(CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 24R Natoma street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, Mission street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the'
repose of his soul, commnclng at 9 o'clock. :
. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ■
MEIER— In this clt April 9, IS9B, Annie 1.,
beloved wife of ■ Charles Meier, i native of
Inverness, Scotland, aged ?2 years 11 monies
and 23 days. (Los Angeles papers please
copy). . . '
t£?"Frlends and ncn»aintances ore respect-
fully Invited . to attend the '■ funeral this day
(Wednesday). Nt 11 o'clock, from her
late residence. 505 Mason street.
MIBACH— In this city. April 12, 1898. Cathar-
lna, beloved wife of Peter Joserh Mlbach.
and mother of Michael Mibach. Mrs. Joseph
Muller, Mrs. F. Garrlssere. Mrs. Peter J.
Weber. Mathlas and Harry J. MRach and
Mrs. F. Espel, a native of Germany, aged 71
MILLER— In th!s city. April 11, 189S, Dina.
beloved wife of B. Miller, mother of Mrs.
H. Lichtenstein. Sol Aaron and Lottie Miller,
Rnd sister of Mrs. M. Levy, a native of
Bavaria, Germany, aged 6S years.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:45 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1124 Sutter street. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
MONIGHAN— In this city. April 11, 189 K.
Thomas J. Monighan, a native of New York,
aged 45 years.
E?"FriendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. C. Bunker & Co.. 2G66 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOSTAHINICH— In Konavle. Austria. March
21, IS9S. Matthias, beloved husband of Anna
Mostahinich. ami father of George, Luke and
Anna Mostahinlch. aged 57 years.
MULLER— In this city, April 12, IS9S. Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved wife of George Muller,
daughter of John and Maria Vettel, sister of
Jacob, John, Nicholas and Barbara Vettel of
Ebenheim, Germany, niece of Jacob and Jo-
hanna Frank, daughter-in-law of George and
Theresia Muller, and sister-in-law of Ed-
ward and Herman Muller, a native of Eben-
heim, A. D. 8., Hessen-Darmstadt, Germany,
aged 26 years 7 months and 5 days.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
O'DONNELL— In this city, April 12, ISM. Mae-
gie. beloved daughter of Bridget and the lato
John O'Donnell, and sister of Delia and
Matthew O'Donnell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 7 months and 2 days.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
PICINICH— In this city. April 11, 1898 at St.
Mary's Hospital, Martin Picinich, a native
of Dalmatia. Austria, aeed 42 years. A mem-
ber of Court Acme No. 51, Foresters of
America.
CT'Remalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7f>7 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COURT ACME NO. 61, F of A.— The officers
and members of Court Acme are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street, to attend the
funeral of our late brother, Martin Picinich,
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock. By
order JAMES BROCK, C. R.
D. J. CRONIN, Rec. Sec.
QUINN— In this city, April 11. 1898. Patrick,
beloved husband of Catherine Quinn, and
father of Mary, Emma, Thomas r.nd the late
Margaret and Ppter Quinn. a native of
County Longford. Ireland, aged 70 years.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lat»
residence, 406"^ Seventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery.
ROSS— In San Jose, April 10, IS9S, Eliza Ross,
a native of New Jersey, aged 87 years 4
months and 10 days.
TILDEN— In this city, April 10. 1898. Hannah
C, wife of Charles L. Tilden, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 75 years.
(CTFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1113
Golden Gate avenue. Interment Hingham.
Mass. Please omit flowers.
TRIMM — Near San Jose, April 10. 18SS.
Charles H. Trimm. a native of Maine, aged
54 ysars and 4 months.
TSCHECH-tn this city. April 11, 1898. Eljsa,
beloved wife of Louis Tschech. a native of
Lurrivepicolo, Austria, aeod 4S years.
(T?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 439 Union street.
UPTON— In this city, at the Potrero, April 12.
1898. Bessie, beloved daughter of Thomas and
Bessie Upton, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 yearn 10 months and 12 days.
(C^The funeral will take nlace to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents"
residence, 719 Martposa street, near Minne-
sota, Potrero. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
WADE— In this city, April 11. 1898. William H.
Wade of Sonoma, beloved Uusband or the Jate
Ellen C. Wade, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 52 years.
[CyFrlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother-in-law, Walter T. Rob-
inson. 2534 Howard street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
WALSH — Drowned tn San Francisco Bay,
March 24, 189S, Geonje, only and beloved son
of Richard and Marparet Walsh, and brother
of Annie Walsh, Mrs. W. Bartlett and the
late Mrs. W. Trabbold, a native of San Fran-
cisco, ased 24 years 7 months and 5 days.
CTRemalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street.
CARD OF THANKS.
TO our many friends and acquaintances, and
especially the officers and members of the
Deutscher Krlepter Vereln and Germania
Lodße No. 1718, K. of H., who gave so many
evidences of their heartfelt and comforting
sympathy during our late bereavement of
husband and father, we desire to return our
sincere thanks. The mourning relatives,
ANNA KOR.VIG. Widow.
ANITA K<">EXIG. Pautrhter.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
tO FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Soaoal.
Telephone, South 80. I
In. b. m'avoy. Manager. g
/ncflVOY dfe CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, I
1236 Market St.. between Bth and yth.
Telephone. South 24T. |
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmeps,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
L»dy assistants. Spacious chapel for the use
el our patrons. Rubber Urea on our ambulance.
910
HORSE BOARD
GOES HIGHER
.Liverymen Meet to Make
a General Raise in
Prices.
Try to Induce Hay and Grain
Dealers to Sanction the
Plan.
All Stable* Outside the Order May
Be Forced to Sign the
Comp»ot.
All persons who own horses for which
they pay board at livery and feed stables
will be interested In the recent proceed
ings of San Francisco liverymen, who are
about to raise prices.
At a meeting held over Bridge's stables
Monday night preliminary steps were
taken to carry out the programme ar
ranped by what is known as the San
Francisco Liverymen's Association. This
involves a concerted movement to
raise prices of boarding horses from the
prevailing rates of $15 and $25 a month to
about $5 more on each class.
Secretary Magner of the Hay Dealers' \
Association and two or three dealers were |
uncommunicative regarding the purposes !
of the meeting, which was a conference j
between the liverymen and the hay deal
en. At half a dozen stables and hay
stores It w;is almost impossible to learn '
the purpose of the meeting and of an- i
other conference, which Is called for next
Friday night, but one who attended the
meeting gave the following facts relative !
to the movement:
"The liverymen are tired of boarding
horses at a rate that does not pay,"' he
Bald, "and we have decided to try to get
all the liverymen In and raise the prices.
"We have asked the hay and feed dealers
to refuse to sell, save at an advanced
rate, to any person outside of our organ
ization. If we can carry this plan out we
are all right, but if we f;UI it is almost a
certainty that we cannot succeed in our
purpose."
It is understood that there are several
liverymen who have refused to join the
association, and that a number of per
sons who have hay for sale will also de
cline to Join the movement.
CHARGED WITH PERJURY.
J. W. Piersou, a Mining Man, Before
the Grand Jury.
J- W. Plerson was brought before the
Grand Jury last night on a charge of
perjury. Pierson was at one time con
nected with a mining scheme, and a suit
to recover was recently brought in Judge
Kerrigan's court by a man named Die
vert, who was backed by the Knox Col
lection Agency. In the trial Plerson
swore that he had paid all claims against
him and had vouchers to show for the
came.'
After the trial, however, a man named
Jjtaxy, who lives In Grass Valley, made
a statement to the effect that Pierson
still owed him money, and had offered a
compromise. Another man named Simons
also had a bill lor $42 50. He claims that
Pierson sent him a check, which he
claimed had been issued by the Knox
Agency, for J2G. as a compromise on the
bill. The check proved to be worthless.
1.. V. Merle of the 1 X L allots that
Pierson owes him $69, and since the trial
has offered to compromise ior $4u and a
time check on the mine.
Manager Spencer uf the Knox Agency
was placed on the stand, and testified
as to bills owed by the man at the time
of the trial, when he alleged that every
thing was straightened up.
Pierson was then placed on the stand,
and swore that he had paid all bills, and
could show vouchers for the same if he
were given a reasonable length of time.
He was granted one week in which to
produce the vouchers.
Paid Well for His Beer.
Alfred West, an employe at the Union
Iron Works, went to the Eureka Music
Hall on Kearny street Monday night with
$G0 in his pocket. He was under the im
pression t.hat he spent about $12 for beer,
which he shared with Ethel Barnes, a
waitress In the place, and he thought It
was very unkind of Ethel to relieve him
of the other $4S. He had Ethel arrested,
and yesterday morning swore to a com
plaint In- Judge Conlan's court charging
her with grand larceny.
ADVERTISEMEF ?S.
THE PROBLEM SOLVED.
THE NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY
TESTED.
Results of the Test in Various Forms o?
Dysp'epsiu.
Chronic indigestion or dyspepsia,
while a very common trouble, has for
Borne time been looked upon by able
physicians as a serious thinr and that
no time should be lost in treating it
properly at the start, because recent
researches have shown that the most
serious, fatal and incurable diseases
' have their origin In simple dyspepsia
I or indigestion. •
Diabetes is simply one form of indi-
gestion, the -sugar and starchy food not
being assimilated by the digestive or-
gans. In Bright's disease the albumen
Is not properly assimilated.
While consumption and dyspepsia
are twin diseases, and it is beyond
question that dyspepsia makes a fer-
tile soil for the seeds of consumption.
But the trouble has been to find a
remi.iy that could be depended upon
! to cure dyspepsia, as It is notoriously
obstinate and difficult to cure.
This has been the question which ha
puzzled physicians and dyspepti
alike, until the question was solvec
three years ago by the appearance o
a new dyspepsia cure in the medica
world known as Stuart's Dyspeps
Tablets, which it was claimed was
certain, reliable cure for every for
of stomach trouble.
Physicians, however, woul " not a
cept such .statements without first giv
Ing- the new remedy many tests am
carefully observing results.
For three years the remedy has been
thoroughly tested in every section of
the country and with surprising and
satisfactory results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be
ho'itestly claimed to be a specific, a j
radical lastin- cure for Indigestion In
the various form? of acid dyspepsia or
sour stomach, gas or wind on stomach, i
too much bile, undue fullness or pres-
sure after eating and similar symptoms
resulting from disordered digestion.
Stua-t's Dyspepsia Tablets were not !
placed before the public until this three
years' trial left no doubt as to their
value and they have recently been
placed in the trade and can be found
on sale at all druggists at the nominal ,
price of 50 cents per package.
No extravagant claims are made for :
the remedy. It will not cure rheuma-
tism, pneumonia, typhoid fever nor
anything but just what it is claimed to
cure and that is every form of stomach
trouble.
No dieting is necessary f good whole-
some food and plenty of it and you
may rest assured that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia. Tablets will digest it.
Druggists claim for it that it is a
pleasure to recorr-ienil it t' dyspeptics,
because it o iv' s uch universal satis-
faction.
Little book on stomach diseases sent
Ifree by addressing Stuart Co., Mar-
shall, Mich. i
The British ship Ravenscrag must have had more than her share of "light winds and calms," as she was 187
days making the run from Puget Sound to Callao. She was so long overdue that she was almost given up as
lost, and 90 per cent reinsurance was paid on hull and cargo.
REINSURANCE
MEN HAPPY
The British Ship Ravens
crag Has Arrived
at Callao. >
She Was Long Overdue, and
Ninety Per Cent Was
Paid on the Risk.
Grave Fears Entertained for the
Forest Queen, Now Overdue
at San Pedro.
Therewas Joy In the hearts of the re
insurance gamblers yesterday when the
news arrived that the British ship
Ravenscrag was safe. The vessel was
187 days out from Puget Sound for Cal
lao with a load of lumber, and so sure
wpre her owners that she was gone that
90 per cent reinsurance was paid on
her. Vessels that left the sound for
South America long alter the Ravens
crag had reached their destination, dis
charged their cargoes and sailed again,
but none of them had either seen or
heard of the vessel. The captains all
reported light winds and calms and the
non-arrival of the ship was therefore
all the more puzzling. All doubt was
set at rest yesterday, however, by the
receipt of a cable at the Merchants'
Exchange announcing the arrival of
the missing vessel.
Grave doubts are entertained for the
safety of the bark Forest Queen, now !
out 38 days from Tacoma for San Pc- !
dro. She sailed from the sound with
a load of lumber and after she passed
Cape Flattery it came on to blow very j
hard. Vessels that left the same time |
as the Queen report very heavy weath
er and some of them suffered a great
deal in the blow. The general impres- j
sion is that the bark lost one of her !
spars, and being thus disabled, was j
driven away out of her course and out
of the track of all incoming vessels.
Captain Charles Nelson, her owner, is '
of the opinion that she will turn up all |
right during the next few days. The
Forest Queen is an old vessel, but prior !
to sailing on this voyage she had been j
thoroughly overhauled and put in first- I
class sea-going condition.
Trade with Russia is looking up. The
bark Edward May sailed last Monday
night and the barkentine Addenda sails
in a day or so for Vladivostok, with
cargoes valued at over $70,000. Of this !
sum $31,800 is represented by flour and '
: $5000 by leather, while the Edward May i
has 1150 tons of salt aboard. The two
vossels are bound for the terminus of !
the Trans-Siberian Railway, and a cou- I
pie more ships are shortly to be put on
i the berth for the Amoor River. Nearly
1 all the goods thus sent are used by the
Russians along the line of the railroad
and at Vladivostok.
The Pacific Mail Company's Peru
i sailed for the Orient yesterday with j
twenty cabin passengers, the majority I
!of whom are bound for Honolulu. She j
also took away silver treasure valued
at $83,520.
Herzog & Co., the general passenger
agents for t'.. ! Pacific Coast for the
Hamburg-American line, have re
ceived a dispatch from the head omce
in New York notifying them that the
company has sold to the TTnlted States
the two fleet steamers Normannia and
Columbia, the negotiations for the sale
of which were mentioned in The Call
i several days ago. This disposition of
thes>*> two vessels has made necessary
t the change of a few details in the sail- j
: Ing of their steamers, but it has not in
; any way crippled the carrying capa
city of the company, which still has
sixty-n'ne steamers for the traffic. The
: Columbia and Normannia are of the
i class known as ocean greyhounds.
A Japanese Humorist.
Bundo Washizl, editor of the Japanese
weekly known as the Agohazushi, was
arrested yesterday by the United States
Marshal on an indictment presented by
the United States Grand Jury on a
charge of sending obscene matter through
the mails. The complainant is Miss Viola
A. Dillon, a missionary who edits a de
partment of a rival Japanese periodical
named the Chrysanthemum. Washizl
in a recent Issue of his publication pre
sented to h.j subscribers a cartoon of
Miss Dillon, of a very vile and libelous
nature, accompanied with an explanation
which the Caucasian mind considers ob
scene.
Professor Hill Still in the City.
Professor Hill, the music teacher whose
j name was j mentioned ; in s connection , with
| the; divorce proceedings , brought by Mrs."
| John Kelso ; against her husband, has not
| left the city on account of it; as was re
; ported. He had a studio in the Phelan
: bulldin)?. but at ' ; the time of the earth
j quake • the • apartments he occupied shook
i -so badly that he thought it best to -Ret
| rooms' in some building that : .would make
| less of -a'- wreck in case- another- temblor
should come this way. . * ■
•:' ;. »♦» "_ — — ■
; SMITHS' ..|: CASH STORE, 27 - ; . Market ;
street,* sells "STANDARD" shirts. • '-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
CAUGHT IN THE DOLDRUMS.
SECTION SIX
CERTIFICATES
Judge De Haven Decides
They Are Only Prima
Facie Evidence.
Merchants From China Must
Not Work for Wages at
Manual Labor.
On« Large Loopholo for Coolies Is
Stopped Effectually by the Opin
ion of the District Court.
"Section 6" certificates, which are so
easily rbtained in Macao and Hongkong
from American and Portuguese Consuls,
will no longer be ranked as "gilt edge"
passports, entitling the bearers to. ad
mission within the limits of the United
States.
These certificates represent the holders
as merchants, and the papers are vised
by the United States Consuls at the port
of issuance. In many instances Chinese
gaining admission to this country on such
certificates as merchants have been found
to drop the exalted title and degenerate
into common laborers.
United States District Judge de Haven
handed down yesterday a decision in the
case of Kg Paak Tan, wiping out the
sacred character of the section 6 certlii
cates, and establishing a precedent that
will be of great assistance to the Chinese
bureau and the Collector of the Port in
keeping out contract coolie labor.
The following is the decision:
"The complaint filed in this court on
January 15, 189S, charges the defendant
with being a Chinese laborer unlawfully
in the United States. The defendant was
permitted to land at the port of San Fran
cisco by the Collector of said port on De
cember 4, 1597, upon presentation of a cer
tificate dated October 27, 1897, identifying
him as a merchant, said certificate being
in conformity with section 6 of the act
of May 6, lf*2, 22 U. S. Stat., 68, as
amended by the act of July B. 1884, 23 U. S.
Stat., 115. This certificate is only prima
facie evidence ot the right of tiie defend
ant to remain in the United States, and
its effect as such is overcome by the other
evidence in this case, showing that de
fendant, immediately after landing in this
country, engaged in manual labor, and so
continued until January 18, 1898, the date
of his arrest in this proceeding. In sup
port of this conclusion, I need only refer
to the case of the United States vs. Yong
Yew. S3 Fed., 882, the opinion in which
contains an able discussion- ot the ques
tion relating to the effect of evidence,
showing that a defendant in this class of
cases has continuously engaged In manual
labor after being permitted to land upon
a certificate like that held by the de
fendant here.
"The exceptions to the report of the
United States Commissioner are over
ruled, and Judgment will be entered that
defendant be deported to China."
THE PRICE OF WINES.
A Board of Trade Committee Will
Confer With the Makers.
Some efforts have been made and failed
to brine the wine grape crowers, the
vintners and win© dealers together in a
policy that will prevent the ruinous cut
ting of prices.
Finally the following correspondence
passed between the State Board of Trade
and interested parties:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April S, IS9B.
Charles A. Wftmore Eaq., 116 Townsend
street, San Francisco, Cal. — My Dear Kir:
Since seeing you I have had a conference with
some Of the leading members of our board re
garding the matter you talked to me about the
other day, and 1 am heartily assured by them
that your preposition will receive the most
earnest consideration and will be followed up
on any practical lines that you may suggest
looking to remedy of the diflicultles complained
of.
In the meantime, however, I would say to
you that our next meeting: will not be an
opportune time for you to present the matter,
as owing to other important engagements
neither the president. General Chipman, nor
Mr. Mills can be present, and I think in deal-
Ing with a subject so lar-reachlng our board
ought to have the advice of thr>se two gentle
men. Hence, If agreeable to you, I would sug
gest that you defer the matter until the May
meeting, or until such special meeting In the
meantime that may be called by the board for
that special purpose. Truly yours,
.T. A. FILCHEK.
Secretary and Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., April 10, IS9B.
Charles A. Wetmnre Esq., San Francisco —
Donr Sir: Answering; your favor of the 'tth
inst.. heir to state that I have conferred with
several merchants and have been assured by
them that they will attend the meeting to be
called by the 3tate Board of Trade for the pur
pose of ventilating the question touched upon
In your letter. Yours respectfully,
C. SCHILLING.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 7, 1598.
Charles A. Wet more Esq., 116 Townsend
street, city— Dear Sir: # Your valued favor of
the Bth lnst. at hand 'and contents carefully
noted. In reply we desire to say that we will
be tileased to have a committee attend any
meeting of the State Board of Trade to talk
on the lines suggested by you.
l\'p appreciate your efforts leading toward
a Hatisfactory adjustment of the difficulties
the wine tjmwors of the State are operating
under, and will be glad to co-operate with you
on any lines which look to a favorable adjust
ments of thl* jrretit industry so vital to the
Interests of California. Yours very truly,
HENRY J. CROCKER.
President California Wlnemakers 1 Corp.
Die. H. J. C.
As a result of the forcgrolng, at the
regular session of the State Board of
Trade yesterday, after discussion of the
importance of realizing a living price on
the 30,000.000 gallons of wine to be pro
duced this year, General Chlpman, W. H.
Mills and John P. Irish were appointed
a comnfltteo to confer and advise in the
matter.
THROUGH
A WINDOW
Escape of Counterfeiter
Kendal From a Dep
uty Sheriff.
Eluded the Officers While in
the Office of Attorney
Wilson.
Offioers Are Searching the City With
Every Prospect of Speedily Re
capturing tho Culprit.
Gilbert E. Kendal, the notorious coun
terfeiter, jumped through a window and
escaped from a Deputy Sheriff yesterday
and now every member of Sheriff Whe
lan's force that can be spared from other
duties is scouring the city for him.
Gilbert, who has been awaiting trial In
the Superior Court on charges of coun
terfeiting and passing counterfeit money,
has been confined in the Broadway Jail.
Sheriff Whelan has a rule prohibiting the
removal jof prisoners from j the jail for
the purpose of visiting or consulting with
outsiders, but Kendal's attorney, J. N. E.
Wilson; represented to the Sheriff that
there was a woman in his : office who
would be a valuable witness for the pris
oner, but she refused point blank to
make known her testimony without a con
ference with Kendal:
On these representations Sheriff Whe
lan reluctantly consented to Kendal be
ing taken to Wilson's office, on the cor
ner of McAllister and Larkin streets, op
posite the City Hall, and telephoned to
the Jail to have the prisoner sent to the
Sheriff's office in the van. This was
done, and Kendal, in custody of Deputy
George Code, proceeded to Wilson's office,
which is in the second story of the build
ing. They entered ,an Inner room, in
which there was a window looking out
ffiri?! vacant sand lot, and the woman.
Kendal and Wilson conversed together for
some time.
d 1^ ln , a , lly the conference ended and Code
and the others started to leave the room!
Ihe deputy opened the door and stepped
out, holding it open for the others to
pass through. Kendal ■ was close behind
code, h but stepped back as though to al
low the woman to pass flrst and as she
uTrelk for t d h T Way the prisoner made
a break • for the open window in the reai
at fill v"ff« d through,. dropping a distance
ot tull> ntteeu ft 1 ' , Code rushed down
stairs and into the lot, but Kendal had
St the back fence and was out of
ani°i , gaye /he alarm to his superior
B ir*- e p^e S rre SS S hh nn n o?ifl ff e °d r
le in sffiv Üble that , Ken wlTsoon
known it i«V a £f Jn l for h0 i 8 so well
can^St 0,, nf \l My , lm P r °bable that he
?"«£? X SMg " hlmSel£
Much sympathy is felt for Code for he
is regarded as one of the most trust
hinr^ hy - men^ n the Sheriff's office, and no
blame can be attached to him for the
P th»? he i; lff - Whelan "as a rule? how
ever, that when a deputy loses a prisoner
and Mm * hls place - Code's friends
the ?^" d f, putles sincerely/hope that
™L e o rlff will make an exception In his
•KS?d^.?SnS^ Uon - been m «*• in
tn o^^ 8 W . UI be Particularly anxious
to have Keru.ul recaptured, for it was at
«i? ance J hat the prisoner was in the
Sheriffs custody, it is the custom . for
the police to turn over all counterfeiting
cases to the United States authorities for
prosecution under. the Federal laws, but
the Chief determineu to prosecute Kendal
under the State law. Kendal was captured
in his room at 424 G-Ue avenue
some weeks ago. and the police found a
complete set of counterfeiting implements
In his room. It Is supposed, mat Kenaal
was the one who manufactured bogus $5
Pieces and that confederates circulated
them throughout the interior.
~ ■■■
- -
DISREPUTABLE HOUSES.
Owner and Occupant of Two Houses
on Mason Street to Be
Arrested.
The property-owners on Mason street,
between Eddy and Ellis, seem determined
to rid the street of disreputable houses.
There Is a case pending in Judge Conlan's
court against Tiiln Belmont, and yester
day W. If. McCarthy, owner of the Lang
ham Hotel building, swore to a complaint
in Judge Joachimsen's court for the ar
rest of Mollie Woouward, who occupies
111 and 113.
McCarthy went turther, and also swore
to a complaint charging Mrs. Carmen
Dunpny. the owner of the two houses,
with violating an ordinance in letting
them for disreputable purposes.
Will of Thomas J. Bass.
The will of the late Thomas J. Bass,
who died at Sausallto on the 17th ult.,
has been filed for probate. The eatate,
which Is of unknown value. Is left to the
widow, Mrs. Ellen Bass, who Is also
mimed as executrix, to serve without
bonds. No provision Is made for the
children, the tostatoT beinff satisfied that
they will be amply provided for by their
mother.
The Death Rate.
The monthly statement of vital statis
tics, issued by the Health Department,
shows the death rate for March to have
been 600. the heaviest for the correspond
ing month for twelve years. The highest
death rate In any one month during that
period was in January. 1890, when it
reached 798.
WILL GUIDE
THE ORDER
Native Sons Who Will
Direct the Parlors the
Ensuing Year.
The Grand Officers Will Be
Elected in Nevada City
April 23.
Forty Candidates for Grand Trustee.
An Attractive Programme for
the Week.
The next session of the Grand Parlor
of the Native Sons of the Golden West
will be held In Nevada City, Nevada
County, commencing on the 25th of the
current month. ' he sess.on will last
several days, and while there will be - ome
work of importance to transact, the great
interest will center in the contest for
grand trustees. There are seven to be
elected, and for these offices at least
forty candidates will present their names.
Every one is confident that he has a suf
ficient following . Insure his election,
but when the votes are counted there
will be thirty-three who will be disap
pointed.
For the other principal offices, except
that of grand secretary, there will not
be any contest. William M. Conley of
Yosemite Parlor, -.erced, will be the next
grand president; Frank Mattison of
Santa Cruz Parlor, Santa Cruz, will be
first grand vice-president; Judge R. C.
Rust of Excelsior Parlor, Amador, will be
second grand vice-president; Henry Lun
stedt of California Parlor, grand secre
tary, will probably have an opponent in
D. E. Morgan of Nevada City; Henry S.
Martin of Stanford Parlor will be re
elected grand treasurer.
There will probably be two or more can
didates for the offices of grand marshal,
and grand inside and grand outside sen
tinel.
The delegates who will be here on the
evening of the 23d lnst. will be entertained
in first-class style by Stanford Parlor in
accordance with a long-established cus
tom.
Hydraulic Parlor In Nevada City and
the citizens of that place have made ar
rangements lor the reception of the dele
gates and their entertainment when not
In session, and the following named com
pose the committee of arrangements:
D. E. Murphy, L.. S. Calkins, A. B. Wolf,
H. Lane, Fred Searls, F. T. Wilson, F. E.
Brown, E. B. Power, E. W. Schmidt, J.
J. Hanley, Charles Schwartz, George F.
Adair and J. F. Colley; accommodation
committee — George A. Bailey, E. J. Mor
gan, E. A. Tompkins and William Waters.
The following will provide the banquet
for the delegates— D. E. Morgan, M. H.
Isoard, W. E. J. Johnson, W. H. Smith
Jr. and P. G. Scadder.
The following is the programme for the
week that the delegates to the Grand
Parlor will spend In Nevada City: April
2i, street concert in the evening; April
Grand Parlor session forenoon, turn
ing over the keys of the city in the after
noon and reception in the evening; April
2(>, Grand Parlor session, visit to Malakoff
hydraulic mine at North Bloomlield and
conferring early bear degree in the even-
Ing; April 27, all day session of the Grand
Parlor, and ball in the evening; April 28,
morning session of Grand Parlor, visits
to mines in the afternoon and entertain
ment by the Native Daughters in the
evening; April 2S), session of the Grand
Parlor and farewell banquet in the even-
'ihe following are the present grand offi-
cers:
Past grand presidents— H. Clay Chlpman,
John 11. Grady, A. F. Jones, John A. Stein
bach, Fred H. Greely, Charles \V. Decker,
Charles H. Uaroutte, M. A. Dorn, Frank L>.
Hyan, William H. Miller, R. M. Fitzgerald,
Thomas Flint Jr., John X. Greany, Joseph D.
Sproul. Frank H. Dunne.
Grand orticers— Junior grand president, Henry
C. Gestord; grand president, George D. Clark;
grand secretary, Henry Lunstedt; grand treas
urer, Henry S. Martin; grand first vice-presi
dent, W. M. Conley; grand second vice-presi
dent, Frank Mattison; grand marshal, C. O.
Dunbar; grand Inside sentinel, Joseph D. Nor
ris; grand outside sentinel, John McMahon;
grand trustees, Joseph Hawkins, Frank L.
Coombs, Lewis T. Bylngton, Frank Sablchl,
F. A. Cutler, H. R. McNoble, Joseph F. Cof
fey.
The following are the delegates to the
grand body:
California No. 1, Ban Francisco— J. J. Jami
son, Harry Lachman, James P. Dockery, W.
D. Shea, Leon Dennery, Charles A. Holdeman.
Sacramento No. 3— Charles N. Post, F. N.
Renchler, 8. I. Hopkins. W. H. Sanders,
Marysville No. 6— J. H. Marcuse, J. M. Mor-
Stockton No. 7— W. C. Neumlller, A. J. Tur
ner, George E. Catts, C. E. Manthey.
Argonaut No. 8, Orovllle— D. E. Bruton, E.
J. Mitchell.
Placerville No. 9— Max Mlerson, S. H. Rantz.
Pacific No. 10, San Francisco— James D.
Phelan, Leonard Stone, S. V. Costello, D. A.
Hmiiboldt No. 14, Eureka— C. Julius Janssen,
James K. Mahan.
Amador No. 17, Sutter Creek, Amador County
— C. P. Vlclni.
Vlsalla No. 19— Nathan Levy.
Arcata No. 2u-J. B. Tllley. E. O. Kneeland.
Chico No. 21-C. A. Meek, H. E. Nichols.
Son Mateo No. 23— \V. B. Lawrence.
Yosemlte No. 24, Merced— W. H. Look.
Sunset No. 26, Sacramento— A. J. Johnston,
Santa Rosa No. 28— Paul T. Haaman, George
GoVdeiTuate No. 29, San Francisco— David
Wilson, Joseph J. Harrington. D. A. Hunts-
m Woodland No. 30— W. O. Kean, E. T. Lamp-
Excelsior No. 31, Jackson— John F. Davis. F.
General' Winn No. 32, Antioch— C. M. Bel
shaw. R. R. Veale.
lone No. 33— S. J. Yager.
Mission No. 38, San Francisco— F. H. Mills,
John Porcher, W. P. Humphreys Jr., J. A.
Black
Solano No. 39, Suisun— Ed Cox, F. W. Hutch
"Baker No. 42, Bakersfleld-J. W. Ahem.
Fremont No. 44, Holllster-W W Black.
Lob Angeles No. 45— A. Ramlsh. M. Cxlass.
Alameda No. 47— A. V. Fisher, Max Glass.
Plymouth No. 48— Charles Shields.
San Francisco No. 49— Frank Marini, Louis
P. I'owelson, Charles R. Heverin.
Oakland No. 50— Rod \V. Church, H. D. dish
ing, H. N. Gard. _ T
El Dorado No. 62. San Francisco— \V . J.
Hawkins, L. B. Mayer. John G. Joly.
Yuba No. 65, Smurtsvllle, Yuba County.
Hydraulic No. 56, Nevada City— David E.
Morgan, Fred D. Searls, Carl B. Schwartz.
Quartz No. SS. Grass Valley— W. F. Prisk, J.
H. Coughlin. George L. Jones.
Auburn No. 59— J. H. W ills, L. L. Chamber
"bl'xon No. 60— A. C. Holly.
Los Osos No. 61, San Luis Obispo— C. A. Pal
mer, J. W. O'Sullivan.
Napa No. 62— J. T. York. Paul Chalgneau.
Mount Tamiilpals No. C 4, San Rafael — J. E.
Hayden. AY. J. Eden.
AVatsonvllle No. 65— George G. RatclifTe,
Charles M. Cassln.
Redwood No. 66, Redwood City— D. R. Staf
ford, C. D. Hayward.
Calaveras No. 67, San Andreas — Arthur J.
MeSorley.
Rlncon No. 72, San Francisco— L. K. Hagen
camp, George H. S. Dryden. John F. Finn.
Invincible No. 74, Anaheim— W. B. Julian.
Stanford No. 76, San Francisco — D. C. Mar
tin, F. H. Kerrigan. Ed L. Head. C. D. Stei-
gC ValleJo No. 77— G. G. Halllday, J. F. Deln-
Inffer.
Friendship No. 78, Camptonvllle, Yuba
County— W. F. Russell.
Palo Alto No. S2, San Jose — B. A. Herrinjjton,
W. J. Kirkpatrick.
Granite No. S3. Folsom— W. A. Hyman.
Yerba Ruena No. 84, San Francisco— Fred W.
Lees, Joseph K. O'Donnell.
Sierra No. Sn, Forest Hill, Placer County—
Thomas J. Dod'ls.
McLane No. SB, Callstnßa— Bpnjamin Orauss.
Mount Bally No. 87. Woaverville— James W.
PartlPtt. Albert C. Meckel.
Golden Star No. BS, Alton, Humboldt County
— Fmnk Legg.
Santa Cruz No. 90— W. I. Newman, L. F.
YounK, R. H. Prlngle.
Pownleville No. 92— Frank R. Wehe.
Ferndale No. 93— Charles H. Williams.
Golden Nugget No. 94, Sierra Ctty — Arthur
H. Thomas.
Seaside No. 96, Halfmoon Bay— Edward
Beebe.
Lns Posltas No. 96. Ltvermore — "William Mc-
Donald, A. W. Feidler.
Santa Lucia No. 97, Salinas— P. E. Zabala,
L. U. Grunt.
Lassen No. 99, Susanville— F. P. Cady.
Mount Diablo No. 101, Martinez— A. E. Dun
kel, J. E. Rodgers.
Olon Ellen No. 102— Frank M. Luttrell.
Silver Tip No. 103, Vacaville— A. M. Steven
son.
Day City No. 104, San Francisco— Eugene W.
Levy, Saul Manner.
Nlantlc No. 105, San Francisco— Finley Cook.
Jf, B. Keenan. »
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SUMMER
DRESS FABRICS !
We have now received the balance of our
Importations of WASH DRESS FABRICS for
the present season, and will exhibit this week
all the choice and seasonable novelties in the
following fabrics.
PRINTED FRENCH CHALLIES, STRIPED
WASH SURAHS, PRINTED FOULARD SILKS,
PRINTED FRENCH SATIN STRIPE CHALLIES,
WOVEN EGYPTIAN TISSUES, PRINTED FRENCH
ORGANDIES, WOVEN SCOTCH CHEVIOTS,
PRINTED FRENCH GRENADINES, WOVEN
SCOTCH MADRAS, PRINTED IRISH DIMITIES,
WOVEN SCOTCH GINGHAMS and PRINTED
LAPPET MULLS.
5 cases 32-incl) Printed Organdies, ele-
gant designs 15c yard
150 pieces extra quality Cotton Covert
Suiting, new mixtures 12£ c yard
4 cases 32-incf) Scotch Madras, roediurn,
darK and light colorings 15c yard
300 pieces fine Printed Percales, 36 inches
wide, white, indigo and Cochineal
grounds 12ic yard
3 cases new Scotch Tennis Flannel, new-
est patterns 3Oc yard
200 pieces Printed Tennis Flannel, fifty
different designs B^c yard
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Courtland No. 106-Charies E. Hollister
San Diego No. 10S— Samuel Schiller, J. C.
de Ferrari. _ _ . ,
Ramona No. 109, Los Angeles— W. J. Varlel.
I. B. Pockweller.
Sonoma No. Ill— Julius E. Poppe.
Eden No. 113, Haywards— George A. Oakea,
Neil A. McConaghy. «.«._.
Cabrillo No. 114, Ventura— George Rlchard-
S °Santa Barbara O> No. 116— W. B. Metcalf, C. A.
Thompson. _ TX
Broderick No. 117, Point Arena— w. H.
'National No. 118, San Francisco— F. P.
Wene W. S. Grattan, 1). K. Murden.
Piedmont No. 120. Oakland— George E. de
Golia, Charles Kramm, Frank Barnett.
Columbia No. 121. San Francisco— P. V.
Long, I. Harris.
Nipomo No. 123— Elisha Dana.
Mountain No. 126, Dutch Flat, Placer Coun
ty—Frank Lekanip. •»«__«.
Wisteria No. 127, Alvarado— John M. Scrib
ne Qiilncy No. 131— C. E. McLaughlln.
Gabilan No. 132, Castroville-S. T. Smith.
Hesperian No. 137, San Francisco— George E.
Gnllaprher. R. P- Doolan.
Hornitos No. 138— C. B. Cavagnaro.
Halcyon No. 146, Alameda — J. C. Bates Jr.,
A. L. Morgenstern.
San Marcos No. 150, San Miguel. San Luis
Oblspo County— C. J. "tthlsman.
Brooklyn No. 151, East Oakland— William H.
McGrath. George T. Hans.
Cambria No. 152— Eugene Hitchcock.
Central No. 140, Walnut Creek, Contra Costa
County— Charles M. McCaw.
Alcatraz No. 145, Pan Francisco— James L.
Gallapher, Henry Ltchtensaein.
Alcalde No. 154, San Francisco-^I. A. De
voto, T. A. Kohler.
Yontockett No. 100, Crescent City— Frank M.
Marhoffer.
South San Francisco No. 157— Louis Nonnen
mann. Edward J. Taffee. •
Sea Point No. 15S. Sausallto— William R. Mil
ton, George T. Ryan.
Sequoia No. 160, San Francisco— R. D. Bar
ton. Robert W. Martland. S. A. White.
leka No. 161, Yreka— John B. Dowling.
Dormer No. 162, Truckee— E. E. Kruger.
Winters No. 163— A. W. North.
Mayneld No. 166— J. L. Greer.
Altaniont No. 167, Occidental, Sonoma County
—Enoch Briant.
Redlands No. 168— J. W. F. Diss.
Washington No. 169, Centervllle, Alameda—
C. H. Hatch.
Byron No. 170— Charles Cople.
Keystone No. 173, Amador City— R. D. Cul
bert, J. F. Phipps.
Observatory No. 177, San Jose— W. A. Gaston,
T. A. K. Fassett.
Esparto No. 179, Madison, Tolo County — A.
M. Shulte.
Orange No. 180, Pleasant Grove, Tuba County
—Frank Donaldson.
Golden Anchor No. 182. Glbsonvllle, Sierra
County—.!. R. Slnnott.
Nicasio No. IS3— Thomas K. Redding.
Menlo No. 186, Menlo Park— W. T. Casey.
Tracy No. 1S6 — George A. Stelnmetz.
Preeita No. IST. San Francisco— William C.
Miller. J. M. Hnnley.
Olympus No. 189. San Francisco — A. J. Mock
er, Harry I. Mulcivavy.
Hanta Paula No. 191 -F. F. El well.
Etna No. 192, Etna, Sisklyou County— James
S. Nalley.
Liberty No. 193, Sawyers Bar, Siskiyou
County.
Presidio No. ID4. San Francisco— William
Barton, William Attriilg?.
Athens No. 11*5, Oakland— H. B. Held ->n, VV.
E. Dean.
Commodore Sloat No. 197. Blue Lake. Hum
boklt County— R. A. Green.
Honey Lake No. 19S, Janesville, Lassen Coun
ty—Fred Brunhouse.
Rio Vista No. 199— W. L. Dunn.
;*"',■ ADVERTISEMENTS. • . . '
:J|W|;. JJtl. OFFER, GOOD UNTIL APRIL 30
OFFER, GOOD UNTIL APRIL 30
'''''^^^■■^■■'^W^r^ He uaPantces to CUPC every case he accepts,
>j!^^^fer||^^ ,^ to those who begin treatment before April 30, for
|i^^>^ ■-:?> the prices quoted below, including all medicines.
'''^M\-^^rLy^^ This is positively the last extension oS time fop
tfJT Ep> <£&&&&*>>. treating diseases at th :s low rates.
Catarrh ...... $20 00 ! Plies ..........j;o 00 I Kidney Diseases ....$2O 00
Rheumatism .... „ 20 00 Paralysis ..." 60 00 ; Nervous Debility 2000
Neuralgia .........'2O 00 ! Skin Diseases ..... .... 20 00 Syphilis 30 00
Sciatica. .......;. ....20 C«) Diabetes :. 25 08 Varicocele 20 00
'Fistula.. . 30 00 Ulcers (chronic) 40 00*1 Stricture 30 00
Asthma .................... 23 00 Bladder Diseases ........ 20 Oil Rupture.. ....40 00
•Grave1'.......:..; .2000 . Bronchitis ...2000 ; Li ■<.■ of Manhood ........ 20 00
Consumption. Ist staKe..."3o 00 Epilepsy or Fits 30 00 Gonorrhoea 10 00
Tape Worm 20 00 i Diseases or I.iver ..:..'... 20 00 j Gleet ....... 15 00
Dropsy :■........•...;.'....■...■ 30 00 1 ■ Osltre or Thick Neck. V.. 30 00 Prostatio Diseases ....... 20 00
Dyspepsia,'.... '."I"."."' 1". 00 ; Salt Rheum ...... .'....... 25 00 Tumors ..$5O to $200
Deafness '. '...: 30 CO \ Brighfs Disease ... .. 40 00 Cancer $75 to $250
If incurable you will be told SO, thus savin % you time and money.
■ I MKN who are Nervous. Despondent. Diseased and \V eak • from early lnniseretlon and excess
In life readily restored by the. neutralist System. DISKASKS OF "WOMKM treated by. an
entirely new' ana DainieHS 'method ' Those tumble to call inclose hlftiory aud Blauiii for reply. .
CONSULTATION AND AUVICE
i Hours 10 to 12 A. M..' 2to 5 and 7 to 8 P.' M.: Sundays 10 to 12 A." M.
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM, 524 TAYLOR r6o^^c.u
Alder Glenn No. 200, Fort Bragg, Mendocino
County— Henry W. Little.
Prospect No. 2'Jl, lowa Hill, Placer County—
G. T. Hesser.
The following parlors have not yet sent
in returns: San Jose No. 22, Fresno No.
2.". Mount Shasta No. 35, Rainbow No. 40,
Silver Star No. 63, Gilroy No. 81, Benicia
No. 89, Georgetown No. 91, Arrowhead No.
110, San Lucas No. lir>, Tuolumne No.
144, Lower Lake No. 1."9. Marlposa No. 171,
Lemoore No. 175, Siskiyou No. 188, Corona
No. 196 and Marshal No. 202.
WAS ROBBED
AND CLUBBED
Daniel Connolly, a Machinist,
Held Up While on His
Way Home.
Two Policemen Chase end Captara
the Footpad, Who Is Charged
With Robbery.
Daniel Connolly, a machinist, was at
tacked by a footpad at Seventh and Bry- /
ant streets at an early hour yesterday "
morning and robbed of his purse, con
taining $13 95.
Connolly had been drinking and waa on
the way to his home at 4SS^ Eighth street
about 5 o'clock in the morning, when a ■
man accosted him at Seventh and Bry
ant streets and asked him for a match.
As Connolly was feeling in his pocket for
the match he was struck on the head with!'.
a club and felled to the ground. The rob
ber quickly went through his pockets and
took the purse.
Connolly yelled for the police as the
robber ran away, and Policemen Staples
and Gibbons responded. They saw a man
running along Bryant street ■ toward
Eighth and soon overtook him. He waa
taken back to Connolly, who at once
identified him as the man who- robbed •
him. The robber was sent to the City
Prison, where he gave the name of T. J.
Monaghan. a laborer. He was booKed on
n charge of robbery, and when the. case
was called In Judge Low's court yester
day morning it was continued for a week.
The police found the purse and money •»
in a vacant lot close to the scene of the
robbery, where it had evidently been '
thrown I", Monaghan after Connolly
yelled for the police.
* Nothing is known by the police as to
Mofcagtaan's past record.
The long tails of the Shah of Persia's
horses are dyed crimson for six Inches
at their tips— a jealously-guarded privi
lege of the ruler and his sons.M'GLAUFLIN
WILL QUIT
BUSINESS
Well-Known Broker
Crowded to the .
Wall.
Fails Again Under Pres
sure of Other People's
Hard Luck.
Other Brokers Surprised at
the Unexpected Col
lapse.
NOBODY ELSE AFFECTED.
Prospects That Creditors Will Be
Paid In Full After Some
Delay.
Lb W. McGlauflin, one of the best
known grain merchants of the city, who
failed some years ago, yesterday an-
L. W. McGLAUFLIN, the Well-Known Grain Merchant, Who
Announces That Hi Has Been Forced to the Wall.
nounced that he would be forced to sus
pend business again. He is closing up
his affairs and says he hopes to be able
to arrange matters in a way satisfac
tory to his creditors.
It Is not known Just how deeply in
volved the grain merchant is, though
he says he thinks he will be able to ar
range matters in such a way as to sat
isfy his creditors, if he is given time.
He says some of his heaviest custom
ers have become temporarily embar
rassed and could not respond to his call
for money. As he was dealing as a
commission man this involved him in
trouble, which led to the present dif
ficulty.
The announcement of the financial
difficulties of Mr. McGlauflin caused a
great deal of surprise on the street, as
it was '.veil known that he had been
long on the market, having bought a
large amount of wheat and barley
which he is not known to have sold.
McGlauflin gained considerable no
toriety three years ago when there was
a great deal of excitement fiver what
was known as the Fair wheat deal, an
attempt to corner the wheat market of
the State. He was at that time a part
ner of E. A. Bresse, who is still in busi
ness, being one of the heaviest dealers
on the floor of the exchange. Bresse
has had no connection with McOlauflin
for three years, as the men disagreed
about business methods.
It was generally understood at the
time of the great deal that McGlauflin
handled it. All of the grain in the
warehouses at Port Costa was bought
up and held. The entire supply held
by the four largest linns in this State
— Eppinger & Co., McNear, Balfour,
Guthrie & Co., Baldwin, Girvin & Eyre
— waa bought up, as well as every
bushel of wheut available.
Pair invested about six millions of
dollars in the deal and purchased more
than two hundred thousand tons of
wheat. The wheat was held until the
market went to $1 80, but as Fair had
built it to that price himself he could
not find buyers and was forced to let
it go at a heavy lnss.
It is the general opinion that the fail
ure of McGlauflin is for reasons known
chiefly to himself and not affecting the
general market. From all indications
the failure will not affect others and
there will be little suffering in the local
field as a result.
HOME INDUSTRIES HAMPERED.
Railroad Rates and Bad Laws Handi
cap Western Manufacturers.
Th« Manufacturers" and Producers' As
tlon now has a president. A. Sbar
boro took compassion upon the president
less organization and consented to accept
all of the honors and some of the labor
that goes with the position, for the mem
bers had promised to relieve Its presiding
Officer of some of the work that has here
tofore gone with the office. This action
took place at the meeting held yesterday
Manager Oscar Lewis infornifd*th<- board
of the adverse decision of Judge Wallace
in the pure-food case that was before
him several days ago. That decision prac
tically makes the iaw Inoperative for a
year, or until it can be modified by the
mxt Legislature. I'pon the suggestion of
J. \Y. Kerr it was decided to hold a pure
food meeting before long, the meeting to
be composed of the members of the asso
ciation, the Board of Health and Attorney
Dunne, who r« presented the people ha the
recent case mentioned, to see what, if
anything, can be done in making use of
the law as it stands.
Considerable time was consumed In the
discussion of the matter of transportation
on the railroads of freights to and from
the East. The association some time ago
prepared a schedule of some of the arti
cles that can be shipped from the East to
this coast at a much less rate than they
can be sent from this coast to the East.
Some of the directors were not in favor
of having this sheet published, fearing
that it might offend the railroad people
and that such a fight properly belongs to
the hardware men and jobbers. Others
thought that the whole people and par
ticularly the members should be in
formed of the inequality, so- that concert
ed action could be taken to rectify
matters.
F. L. Brown, who represented the asso
ciation at the recent convention of rail
road men in Monterey, told of his efforts
in the interests of better dealings for the
Western manufacturers and shippers. He
said that he believes that the Southern
Pacific Company would do much better
for the people of this coast, but in the
convention it was not all-powerful and
the Eastern roads' representatives were
working hard in the interests of the
Eastern manufacturers, with plenty of
money and influence at their backs.
Working for Better Roads.
The board of directors or tne uooa
Roads League of California met yester
day, and the secretary reported that there
are now twenty-five organized leagues In
as many counties in the State. It was de
cided that the league will give its as
sistance, support and influence at the
next Legislature to all of the road laws
that passed through both houses of the
Legislature and which were vetoed by
Governor Budd. It will have plenty of
friends at Sacramento who will resurrect
the old measures. The directors decided
to send the brightest of the members of
its many branch leagues to the super
visorial convention that is to be held in
Napa on May 17, to work in the interest
of better roads In the country.
The Scott Will Contest.
The trial of the contest over the pro
bating of the will of the late Mrs. Angelia
R. Scott, who left a valuable estate but
practically disinherited her husband, was
resumed yesterday before Judge Coffey.
The contestants closed their case and the
beneficiaries under the will asked for a
judgment of non-suit, claiming that the
evidence adduced did not show that the
testatrix was of unsound mind at the
time she had the will drawn. Judge Coffey
denied the motion and directed the pro
ponents to introduce their testimony.
THE HOTTEST DAY
OF LOCAL RECORD
It Was the Warmest for This
Time of the Year Ever
Known.
The Spell Likely to Continue, With
No Prospect of Any
Rain.
The official records of the Weather i
Bureau show that yesterday was the j
hottest day upon record for any corre- I
sponding day of the same time of the
year ever known in the city of San Fran
cisco, the thermometer registering at 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon 87.7 degrees, j
This was the highest point reached dur
ing the day.
Old Sol arose early yesterday morning,
wiped Ms eyes, rolled up his sleeves and |
let it be generally known among the less j
fiery satellites of the solar system that |
he was out for business. He softly i
whistled to himself the suggestive re- j
frain about there being "A Hot Time in i
the Old Town To-Night," and immediately i
began to pay his respects to terra firma
In no uncertain way. As a result there ;
wan a sudden and decided rise in mer
cury, and the stock of the North Amer
ican Consolidated Thermometer Com- |
pany, limited, took a general upward
jump.
The summer girl made a blushing debut,
and the seashore shirtwaist and hat were
to be. seen uuon the streets in all their
glory. The ni< n of business sweltered in
their offices, eyed the thermometer with
boiling indignation and kept the office j
boy busy rushing the "growler." The
pedestrians sought the shady side of the i
streets and exchanged hopeless but nvm- I
pathetic glances, realizins that a com- I
nion misery is lessened by the knowl
edge "that there are others."
Down at the Weather Bureau the fore
caster was busy recording hot things
from all over the State. At 5 o'clock in
the morning the thermometer stood at 66 :
degrees, at 8 o'clock it was a half degree j
cooler, and there was a general hope that
the warm spell was breaking-, but it
proved to be only one of Sol's bluffs, for
at 10 o'clock it was 76 degrees. An hour
later it had climbed up another degree, 1
and at noon the thermometer stood at an
even 80 degrees. Then things began to
get warm in earnest, for at 1 o'clock there
came the record-breaking 87.7 degrees. At I
2:30 o'clock it was 85.7 and at 3:20 o'clock
it was 86.8 degrees.
At present there are no indications of
a change. It may be cooler in the city |
this afternoon if there is a fog. The re- |
ports from all over the State indicate '
the warm weather is generally prevailing, i
with no rain. There wa.s a very light fall I
of rain at Yuma yesterday, but not \
enough to do any good. The weather
here to-day will be as warm as yester
day, with the prospects of even a greater
rise in the mercury. On April 14, 1888
there? was 88 degrees registered in the
city.
The high northern pressure is still pre
vailing with a slight depression gathering
along the. northern hn!f of the Pacific
slope. There is no prospect for rain.
» ♦ •
RING & BAKER, 1302 Market street,
sell "STANDARD" shirts. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
WHISKY OF
LOW PROOF
IS SEIZED
Several Saloon Men
Paralyzed by an
Agent's Visit.
Special Revenue Agent
Towne Mows Down a
Wide Swath.
How Amateur Rectifiers Were
Caught Napping by a
Stranger.
VERY EXPENSIVE WATER
They Put Spring Valley Into Bonded
Stamped Barrels and All the Li
quor May Be Confiscated.
A tall, smooth-faced young man, with
a guileless expression of countenance and
with the suave manners of an Easterner,
walked into the California saloon, kept
by A. M. Fink, on the corner of Pine ana
Market streets last Monday morning and
asked for a glass of whisky
"Straight goods," he added, with a wink
characteristic of a connoisseur.
Mr. Fink smiled and affectionately
patted a fat barrel with his right hand,
while he held the glass in nib xeft.
"I've some fine stuff here," he said;
"only two days out of the United States
bonded warehouse. See the stamps?
Pure from the distillery. No better goods
in town."
The young man became deeply inter
ested.
"Yes, sne's stamped all right," he said,
after a swift glance at tne barrel. "The
whisky is all right, too,'" ha added, as
he slowly and critically drained the glass,
which had received sonic of the contents
of the barrel. "But it seems to me that
it's nut 106 pr^ot. '
•■Nobody could drink whisky that ,
strong," commented the saloon man. "it
has been mixed with a little Spring
Valley."
"By the way," inquired 1 the young man,
"have you any mure of that stull? It's
line whisky."
"I have nine barrels more down in the
cellar."
"Then I'll go down and see them," said
the stranger. "My name is H. K. Towne,
and I'm a special internal revenue agent.
i have business with those barrels wear-
Ing the Government stamp."
Ho showed, his autnority, and was
ushered into the cellar, where he found
the nine barrels bearing the Government
stamps certifying - that they ! had ' been
taken directly out of bond and that the
contents weie spirits of so much proof.
l"he contents were tested in the 'usual
way, and Special Agent Towne announced
that he would seize the lot of ten barrels,
lio explained that Government internal
revenue stamps and marks meant what
they said, ana that it was a violation of
law, punishable ; by connstation of I the
goods, for any person to dilute or other
wise tamper with the contents ;of the
barrels while said contents. remained in
the barrels. They could be drawn oil
into a demijohn or any old receptacle and
Spring- V alley ed, but not in the original
package. besides, Mr. Fink had no li
cense as a rectifier. • '
The barrels were seized to await the
action of internal Revenue Collector
Lynch and the authorities at Washington.
Mr. Pink said yesterday he was un
aware that he was violating any regula
tion of the Internal Revenue Department;
that he had been in the saloon business
for only two months and was not In
formed as to the Federal laws regulating
Ins business. lie had made a similar ex
planation t'» Mr. Lynch, and hoped that
ne would be let off with a line instead of
being so severely punished as the con
fiscation of ten barrels of whisky would
certainly do. It was the custom
of the department to be lenient in cases
where the accused showed, as in this
case, an absence of malicious intent.
The smooth-faced young man went
elsewhere, and seized barrels of whisky
by the score. He caught one barrel in the
establishment of an old-timer a block be
low and left a trail of desolated saloon
ke. pers up Market street and into Larkin.
By this time the saloon men in other
parts of the city were in a state of panic,
Che news having been carried to them on
the beardless raider, and there wa.s ciuite
a boom in the live and ten gallon demi
john business to get the helow-proof
Whisky out of the original packages.
But Mr. Towne changed his tactics yes
terday, and left for the Los Angeles
country, where, if rumor is to be believed,
the whisky is as weak as a one-lunged
cat.
Mr. Lynch has submitted a report of
Mr. Towne's campaign to the department
in Washington, and has also transmitted
the offers of compromise made by the
trembling and repentant victims.
All eyes are now turned on Los Angeles.
POOLROOMS MUST CLOSE.
The Merchants' Association Taking
Active Steps Against the Evil.
The Merchants' Association is thor
i oughly in earnest in the matter of clos
j ing the pool rooms in this city, as shown
! by resolutions passed at a meeting of the
I board yesterday. At a special meeting
I held several days ago the manager, Mr.
King, was instructed to ascertain the lo
cation of every such place and the names
of the owners of the property and those
who conduct that class of business. King
made his report a strong resolution, of
which the following is a part, which was
passed:
"Whereas, The existence of said pool
room** is demoralizing to the whole com
munity and is tending to corrupt the
clerks and employes of the merchants
and other business men of San Fran
cisco, and whereas, the Merchants' Asso
ciation has determined to close said pool
rooms, if it is possible to do soruhere
fore, be it
"Resolved, That the attorney of the
Merchants' Association is directed to in
form the owners and tenants of the prem
ises used as pool rooms to close the same
as such within thirty (30) days from
April 15, IS9B, and in the event any owner,
agent or tenant declines to comply with
this request, the attorney is authorized
to proceed legally against them in order
to carry out the intents and purposes of
this association, and be it further
"Resolved, That a copy of these reso
lutions be furnished to the owners, agents
and tenants of said pool rooms."
Now that the matter has been placed
in the hands of Attorney J. R. Freud. It
is believed that the poolsellers will take
the hint and cease operations without
making much trouble. The owners of the
property on which such business is con
ducted are not likely to throw much op
position in the way of the movement of
reform if they think the association will
bring them into unpleasant notoriety in
the event of their neglect to comply with
the merchants' demand. The directors
believe that within a month every pool
room will be closed without the neces
sity of resorting to legal measures.
A New Bank Incorporated.
The Covina Valley Bank of Los An
geles County has notified the Bank Com
missioners i.f its incorporation. It has a
capita] of 125,000. This is the first bank
to incorporate for a long time.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brotno Quinine Tablets. All drug
grists refund the money If It falls to euro. 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet...
REGENTS
TAKEN BY
SURPRISE
Professor Schaeberle
Resigns From the
Observatory.
Board Declines to Accept,
but Gives the Professor
a Long Leave.
Star-Gazer Keeler, the Son of a
Pioneer, Is Going to
Mount Hamilton.
SAN JOSE REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure of a Mortgage to Se
cure Money Loaned by the
University.
A regular session of the regents of the
State University was held at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art yesterday. The
names of the new regents, A. B. Spreck
els and James D. Phelan, were called by
the secretary when the board convened
in the forenoon. Shortly after the session
began Mayor Phelan took his seat. The
reading of the report of the linance com
mittee was temporarily suspended to
give Mr. Hallidie an opportunity to in
troduce Mr. Phelan to the board. The
Mayor bowed his acknowledgment and
took his seat. Mr. Spreckels, who suc
ceeds C. M. Chase, did not attend the
session yesterday.
The regents allowed some bills for ad
vertising and other expenses in connec
tion with a foreclosure of mortgage. It
appears that the university has fore
closed on Improved property in the city
of San Jose. The individual to whom the
money was loaned was not able to pay
the sum of 190,000, hence the regents fore
clbsed the mortgage on his premises.
The finance committee reported that the
premises at 116 Setter street had been
leased to J. M. Snyder.
The endowment fund of the university
is now $1,941,000. The tw>> million mark
may soon be reached. A big depreciation
in the value of real estate might, how
ever, give the regents a setback in their
calculutioi c .
Regent Hallidie made his usual motion
yesterday to go into executive session. J.
West Martin, who was presiding, did not
direct the newspaper reporters to re
main, hence tli< Regents had the room
to themselves, n was announced at the
recess that the budget was discussed, as
Mr. Hallidie had suggested, and that sev
eral professors askea for an increase of
compensation. No definite action was
taken on tin' budget.
.President Kellogg sprung a surprise at
the afternoon H<-.-!t>!i by reading a com
munication from Professor tjenaoberie,
in which be resigned as a?ironomer in the
Lack Observatory. In his letter to the
board Ik- says:
However much. the people of California may
misconstrue the act of my retiring from I the
noble Institution whose welfare is. in trusted .to
your care, 1 can, 'only «ay that after fairly con
sidering my recßit position as a rival Can
didate for the directorship — made unavoidable
throngh Dr. Holder's resignation— my best
judgment unhesitatingly decides that there Is
but one straightforward course 'left open for
me to take.
"With best wishes for the future of the Uni
versity of California, In particular the Lick
Observatory, its past director, its new di
rector and all the astronomers who are or
have been connected with the same, I hereby
resign my position .as astronomer in the Lick
Observatory, the resignation to take effect on
the day of expiration "of my term of office as
acting director of the Lick Observatory. Very
sincerely, '. ■ J. M. SCHAEBERLE.
. Regent Denicke at the conclusion of, its
reading arose and read the following mo
tion, which was unanimously adapted:
I beg to move, first, that the president of the
university express to Professor Schaeberle our
high appreciation of his valuable services . to
science and our great reluctance to consider
the resignation of one who has added so much
to the reputation of our great obaervatoiy; sec
ond, that Professor Schaeberle be urged to re
consider his resignation; third, that his untir
ing efforts on behalf of the observatory are
gratefully acknowledged, and that In view of
the fact that during a service of' nearly ten
years he has not applied for an extended leave
of absence, excepting when in charge of the
eclipse expedition, leave of absence of one
year, with full pay, be offered him for rest
and recreation.
In seconding the motion Judge Slack
said: "I am afraid Processor Schaeberle
has felt too sensitive about this matter
and hope he may be induced to withdraw
his resignation. I hope for the good of
the university that he will do so."
Chairman Phelps then read a commun
ication from acting Director Schaeberle
in which he informed the board that on
Sunday morning last Mr. Perrine discov
ered another comet,- breaking - the record
for consecutive discoveries ,of that na
ture by _ the same observatory;, and, that
all the comets since October, IS9G, six in
number, had been discovered at the Lick
Observatory by Mr. Perrine. Mr. Phelps
said he was pleased : to remark that it
gave him great pleasure to hear this and
that Mr. Perrine * deserved great credit
for the result of his observation. He sug
gested that the communication be spread
upon the minutes,- which was adopted.
i Professor Kellogg informed the regents
that he had notified Professor Keeler of
his appointment by letter and telegram
and that the latter had asked for two
weeks' time to accept, as his university
had offered him flattering terms to stay.
He then read a • formal : letter 'of accept
ance from. the well-known astronomer in
which he thanks the regents for the
honor they, have done him and giving as
surances that he; will conduct the obser
vatory, in a manner that will keep up its
high reputation, and that he leaves Al
legheny with >. the best : wishes of every
body also stating that his resignation as
director: of the Allegheny Observatory
takes effect on. the last day. of April, and
that he expects . to be lat • Mount Hamil
ton by June 1. In concluding he says:
"In case the people of California are dis
posed to regard me as an outsider, I must
remind them that my father was a forty
niner." The : communication . was . placed
on file. ,•;.■ -■• ;•
Professor Edwin .J. James, a well
known Eastern ■ scholar, -'was invited by
the president of the university to deliver
an address on ; commencement day, May
12. The invitation was accepted. _
The question of allowing Lieutenant
Cloman permission to occupy one of the
cottages on the . university grounds with
out charge . created some discussion, and
was laid over for consideration - at the
special meeting to be held next Tuesday.
As a question has -been raised ■« as -to
whether : a : student who desires to : take
two | degrees | should > make . two i deposits
the matter was referred to a special com
mittee for its decision. ■.
■ Professor. Sharwood asked to be' allowed
to take his departure early in April, stat
ing in his letter that he .had completed j
his I work ! for that month. -It ! was agreed
that he be : given I his April salary *in full
having faithfully attended to his duties. '
Rabbi Voorsanger <in • a communication
informed, the board that, he took pleasure
i/i being able to present to the university
1000 volumes' of Semitic > literature. The I
works are of the rarest description, many !
having been printed in -the fifteenth and |
sixteenth centuries. The ": donor will be i
thanked for his valuable gift., r :
y Curtis H. Lindley, well known as an ex
ponent of mining jurisprudence, has been
asked by Professor William : Carey : Jones
to • deliver a series ' of < mining , lectures lat I
the university, which he ; will do : without !
compensation.' '-; ," ; ■ ■•;-.■,•■ •
s • As the plumbing in the gymnasium has i
caused " a great deal \ of : unfavorable com
ment, 1 . Colonel : McKillican was invited be
fore i the board to « make -a; statement. In
his ; judgment -i he '} thought ja t better % plan
could have been adopted in putting in the
sewers ', « but •; as Ihe was I only there sto see
that the specifications were properly ! car
ried out by the contractor, and a3 he had
accepted ••-; the - work, *ha - could not vbe
UKIAH'S HANDSOME STRUCTURE.
T\)e Stately New Administration Building Designed as an Annex to trje
Mendocino Asylun) for the Insane.
The State Board of Trustees for the control of State asylums for the insane has adopted plans and
specifications for the erection of an administration building for the Mendocino Asylum at Ukiah, for which
the last Legislature appropriated $60,000.
The style of architecture adopted is Romanesque, of a somewhat modified form, and the material to be
used in the construction of the exterior will be red pressed brick with red sandstone trimmings.
The handsome structure when completed will have a general elevation of fifty-eight feet, a frontage of
one hundred and thirty feet and a depth of seventy-two feet, the whole being surmounted by a tower one
hundred and twenty feet high.
Of the three floors into which the building Is divided the first will be devoted to the offices of the In
stitution, a reception room, room for the board of managers and a general dining room. The second floor
is to be used exclusively for the living apartments of the physicians and their families, the third floor be
ing utilized as a day room and dormitory for patients.
The plans and specifications adopted were those submitted by Cunningham Brothers of Oakland, who
estimate the cost of construction to be $56,000.
The members of the board are: A. W. Foster of San Francisco, Senator Seawell of Mendocino, Dr. M.
Gardner, surgeon of the Southern Pacific Company; J. C. Ruddock and J. T. White of Ukiah.
blamed If the specifications were faulty,
as he did not prepare them. After some
time had been taken up in questioning the
colonel, the matter was referred to the
committee on buildings and grounds.
J. K. Moffitt's donation of $100, to be
used in purchasing books for the library,
was then taken up and Regent Slack
offered a resolution ranking him for the
gift, which was unanimously carried.
During the reading of the report of the
committee .on grounds and buildings in
reference to an additional extension Of
the mining laboratory, Mrs. Phebe Hearst
arose and offered to defray the expense
of building the additional equipment. As
this will amount to nearly $12,000, her offer
was received with applause.
The resignations of T. F. Sedgwick and
Joseph Earls were accepted.
A communication was received from
Mayor Phelan, as chairman of the citi
zens' committee on site for the Wilmerd
ing School of Industrial Training, in
which he reported that ...le deed to the
tract had been filed with the regents. A
list of the donors accompanied the lette.r,
and on motion the contents of b0... were
spread on the minutes and a suitable
acknowledgment will be made to the don
ors. Regent Phelan was then appointed
a member of tne Wilmerding School and
library committees, in place of Regent
Marye.
Regent Reinsteln read a communication
to the board from the. Alaska Commercial
Company. Jn which they offered the uni
versity their priceless collection of curios
gathered in the norther-i zone, and which
is second only to the Smithsonian collec
tion. On motion, Mr. Reinsteln was di
rected to draw up resolutions thanking
the company for its valuable gift.
The board then adjourned, but will meet
on Tuesday next to consider the budget
for IS9B and IS'J9.
PREPARING FOR THE PRIMARY.
Democratic Campaign Committee Se
lects Places for Enrollment.
The campaign committee of the local
Democracy met at its headquarters in the
Baldwin Hotel last night, Major P. J.
Harney in the chair. After considerable
discussion it was decided to have en
rollment in each of the several Assembly
districts next Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday nights. The enrollment will be
held under the auspices of a committee
of three men in each district, to be ap
pointed by the chairman of the general
committee, with the provision that no
member of the committee shall be a mem
ber of the present general committee.
Tha names of the enrolling committees
will be announced to-night by Major Har
ney. Inasmuch as several of the As
sembly districts cover a large amount of
territory it was deemed advisable in some
instances to select more than one enroll
ing place in the districts. The following
is a list of the enrolling places:
Twenty-eighth— Drew's Hall, 121 New Mont
gomery street.
Twenty-ninth— Howard street, between Fourth
and Howard court.
Thirtieth— looß Howard street.
Thirty-first— Apry 1.4. 2"0 Eighth street; April
15, Ninth and Minna streets; April 18, 312 Ninth
Thirty-second— April 14, 95S Bryant street;
April 15, Bryant and Zoe streets; April 16,
Kentucky and Solano streets.
Thirty-third— April 14, Twenty-second and
Folsom; April 15, Fourteenth avenue and Ken
tucky street; April 16, Twenty-second and Ten
nessae streets.
Thirty-fourth— Harmony Hall, Mission street,
between Thirteenth and Fourteenth, on April
14 and 13; Native Sons' Half, Seventeenth
street, on April 16.
Thirty-fifth — Mission and Twenty-fourth
streets.
Thirty-sixth — April 14, Nineteenth and Cas
tro streets; April 15, Rolando Hall, Twenty
eighth and Church streets; April 16, Sickles
avenue, opposite depot at Ocean View.
Thirty-seventh — April 14, Webster and Waller
streets; April 15, Haight and Stanyan streets;
April 16, W22 Market street.
Thirty-eighth— April 14, 611 McAllister street;
April 15 and 16, 1502 Turk street.
Thirty-ninth— Saratoga Hall, Sl4 Geary street.
Fortieth— Franklin Hall, Flllmore street, be
tween Sutter and Bush.
Forty-first— April 14, Hyde and Union streets;
April 15, 3100 Buchanan street; April 16, Val
lejo and Polk streets.
Forty-second— April 14 and 15, 310 O'Farrell
street: April 16, Pacific and Leavenworth
streets.
Forty-third— 62o Bush street.
Forty-fourth — Washington-square Hall, Stock
ton arid Union streets.
Forty-fifth— 33o Broadway.
The clubs will meet on the 20th inst. at
places to be hereafter designated to or
ganize by the election of a chairman and
secretary. On " the following Monday
night the members of the new general
committee will be elected.
DOG-OWNERS AT WAB.
Suspension of the Pacific Mastiff
Club— E. J. Bull Wih Not
Judge Greyhounds.
The San Francisco Kennel Club will
have "a few hummers" out against it
this year. The club will hold its annual
bench show in May, and it expects to
meet with the same flattering success
that crowned its efforts last season not
withstanding the slings and arrows that
are being aimed at it by some of the
disgruntled kennel men. The following
letter to The Call from J. P. Norman,
secretary of the Pacific Mastiff Club, is
self-explanatory :
13ELMONT, April 11. IS9B.
Editor of The Call: The news has Just been
received by the directors of the Pacific Mas
tiff Club of their suspension by the American
Kennel Club. The reason assigned for this
action is the Issuance of an official invitation
fey the club to the clubs on t'-~ coast to Join a
convention for the purpose of discussing' the
advisability of prompt secession from the
American Kennel Club. Of course this overt I.
act of rebellion was not to be tolerated by the
powers that be, hut the suspension must of
necessity fall to the ground in view of the
rescinding by the Pacific Ma- '.lff Club of the
offending resolution on Saturday last, as pub
lished exclusively In The Call on Sunday.
In this connection, It will be of Interest to
print the preamble and resolutions, whereby
the resolution In favor of secession was re- j
scinded, viz.: "Whereas, this club has re- j
eeived from the secretary ot the American :
Kennel Club the assurance that the Pacific
Mastifl Club litter* were duly communicated
to the rules committee of the American Ken- |
r.el Club, and as — are now informed, were
thereby treated in the manner customary with
such letters; and wnereas, this clui> mua mis
led by the omission from the Kennel Ga
zette's official report of any mention of such •
reference to the rules committee; and whereas, i
this club regrets that Its letters were not read
In open meeting, in support of Captain C. H.
Knocker's resofction, notwithstanding that the
same were in the possession of th.> rules com
mlttee, yet in view of the explanation ten- ■
dered by the secretary of the American Ken- I
nel Club, be it resolved that the Pacific Mas
tiff Club accept me explanation of Mr. A. P.
Vredenbergh, the secretary of the American
Kennel Club, and hereby rescind the resolu
tion referring to the American Kennel Club,
passed at the monthly meeting held March 10."
The opposition to the San Francisco Bench
show by one of the local fox terrier men is
but a futile repetition In another form of last
year's attempted obstruction. There is no doubt
that the malcontent "111 have the support of
those breeders who ;uv never Battened unless;
they have the control of everything in sight, j
but there is no prospect that the opposition
. . . ADVERTISEMENTS.
+B+E3+n+B+a+H+S+B+H+H+Q+E+B4-n+B+a+3+Cs+S+B+B-
P'^^Qi2?"^"^^*«'^©^v j[^ \ 5 .,.- i\
bl trt/lAL
SALE.
' Your money back if your purchase doesn't suit,
and everything' kept in repair one year free.
TIB MARKET ST., S. F.
developed will be strong enough td hurt tha
show. Last year one of the most inlluontlal
clubs on the coast absolutely boycotted the
show, yet the number of dogs fancied by this
same specialty club, exhibited by outside own
ers, exceeded the number shown when the
show was favored by the club, and so it will
be this year. The directors of the San Fran
cisco Club, men such as H. J. Crocker, Dr T
W. IVKvdyn, A. 15. Spreckels, and other well
known gentlemen of the directorate have ehos-:-n
a judge well end favorably known the world
over. The choice of suoh a judge by such men
should of itself be sufficient guarantee of tha
judee'p ability and integrity. The San Fran
cisco Bench Show will be a success, all the
greater for the petty and spiteful opposition to
It. Tours truly, J. p. NORMAN.
E. J. Bull, the popular coursing judpe
of Union Coursing- Park, has positively
informed The Call that he cannot accept
the invitation to judjre greyhounds at the
San Francisco Bench Show. Mr. Bull
that although he may be able to
judge coursing to the satisfaction of the
patrons of the leash, he may prove a rank
failure so far as the judging of grey
hounds on the bench is concerned. The
San Francisco Kennel Chib must select
some other person to judge greyhounds.
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
• PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8. Article XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I- BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLE II— LEGISLATIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisor*.
Chapter 111— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OP PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter 111-Opening of Streets
Chapter IV— Sewers and Drcinage.
Chapter V -Harbors and Wharves
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
suss 0 /- Education -
EducTion. lu ~ Powe ™ of the Board of
Chapter IV-Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I. ,
Boundaries, Bights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of |
Ban Francisco shall remain and con- i
tinue a body politic and corporate, in !
name and in fact, by the name of the I
Lity and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and in all matters j
and proceedings; may have an! use aj
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
rind enjoy real -»nd personal property;
ecelve bequests, gifts and donations of
i kinds of property, In fee simple, or :
i trust for charitable and other pur- !
i oses, and do all acts necessary to
arry out th~ purposes of : uch gifts,
requests and donations, Aith power to
nnage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose i
■ f the same in accordance with the
lerms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code nf California.
Sec. 3. The City and County, of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
horeby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recovery of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or .equit: , or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
ehall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shaH be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or .sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
Btreet, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
paid defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
n evident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lan<\ alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but m anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
thr law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
offlrr>rs through whose official negli'
pence such defect remains unrepaired
phall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County or San Francis
co shall be vested in a legislative body,
which shall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I — Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IK-FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Eueineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII-ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI-MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated In" this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
Ehall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelvi hundred doll.- s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board ehall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. i. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 6. The Mayor shall be the pre
i siding officer of the Board of Supervis
! ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
] Board shall appoint a presiding officer
i pro tempore from its own members,
i who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Brard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal hjliday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r 'ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
j sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
i when requested to do so, ehall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
i the affairs of his office, and shall per
i form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City arid
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
l The enacting clause of every ordinance
j shall be in these words: "Be it or
! dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose*.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
i the members of the Board and the vote
i be taken by ayes and noes and the
; names of the members voting for and
i against the same be entered in the
I Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
] vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to its- tltlp- but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-anacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
; but one subject, which subject shall be
I expressed in its title. If any subject
: be embraced in an ordinance and not
■ expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
THE SA:N T FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APHIL 13, IS9B.
final passage in the Board md fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
h idred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
Buch bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officer
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces-
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or items
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Er.ch item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
fiec. 16. Every hill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, •which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Hoard within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall slprn it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing 1 . If he does not return
It with such disapproval within the
time above specified. It shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of tho Mayor shall be entered
at larpe in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. Tf
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vot*
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by tho
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the membprs votiner for
and apainst the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances nnd resolu
tions shall be deposited with the OWk
of the Board who sha 1 ! record the same
at lenpth in a suitable bonk.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out. and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before Provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer.
be first approved by the Board nf Sup
ervisors. All demands for more thantwo
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mayor for Is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide 1 for th^ passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of mon^y other
than salaries or wag^s, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex
cepted) in the official npwsnappr.
Sec. 20. *""■ to . r there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a retition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fi!te:n per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be suhr ..ted
to a vote of th electors o: h^ City -tnd
County, the Board ff Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the elei tor r -t
the next electicn.
The sigr turcs to the petition no<»d
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his sitrnatur^
his place of r idejjee, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall I ike oath be
fore an officer competent 'o admin, ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genulno
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FOR THR
I ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORmNANCTT" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast i; >en
such ordinal «c sLall bp in fa -or of the
adoption thore< ". the Board of Election
I Commissioners shall within thirty days
j from the time of such election, pro
i c'aim such fa<"' : nd upon such prccla
j mation such ordinance shall have the
same fore, and effect as an ordinan' J
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may Bub.nl t
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vjte at any succeeding election; and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes east
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall 'je repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinan c in/olvlng the
granting by ,the City and County of
any francb'««> for the' supply of light
or water, or for the lpasf r sale of any
public utility, or for thepurehaseof land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the v< .c
of the elect nnt th City and Oounty
at the election next ensu'ng after the
adontion of ruch orulnance.
The tickets used at such election
Fhn'l contain the words "FOP. TPIE
ORDINANCE" (stating t.e nature of
I the propospfl orrti nee) and
"AGAINST TKiS ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o. the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shrill bf in favor of the
adoption thereof, th» Board of Elr> Jon
Commissioners shall, within thir' :■?
days frOn V ■ time of such Section,
proclaim such fact; and upon such
T roclarnation such ordinance shall have
tho same forci* and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the. Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No ouch franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utHity or purchase of
land shall be ot any force or effect ex
cept it to mad" by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. Whjnfvrr thero shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
i sign d by . number of voters equal
! fifteen per centum of the votes cas v at
I the last preceding: State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendmc... t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submits *. to
the people, the Board must submit to
tne vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
an-i number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
irr? an oi ~er competent to administer
oaths that the mateme-ts made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper nppenue'' Is the gen- ie
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to tho electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cr\s ; of election.
All the provisions of the Constitutlcn
of the State embracing the subject in
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
ue in favor of the adoption
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such electron, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor " lgly.
CHAPTEB 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions In
this Charter obtained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1- To ordain, make and enforce
within ihe limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and other laws an I regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of .' .lifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling In a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such res.rlc
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit i. impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden buK "igs or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same rvithln such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo- the abatement rv
summary removal of any nul3nnce and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
* To regulate the use oX hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ar.d to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal bagg£ ge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all nece~ --y rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and person charged
with insanity, separate and r-part from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are Imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain .- ii regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun-
Iphmont. confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regula+e and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ins the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance In the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use rf v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or ti the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who. at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C"
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid Into the treasury from fines col
lected on convic'ion of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof to any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Cmrt, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards n.:>t exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have rom-
Britted a folony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drafnage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Reals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation: provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor In any calendar day, and that tL
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish, and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and poods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. -To convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
81. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County, but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of Judg
ment and costs\
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the fa~ts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap-
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gToss receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of aci ount of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who. if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the I
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be grantfd additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a da^' to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posseg-
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County, ]
with at least two good and sufficient '
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid- !
der will well and truly observe, fulfill !
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be j
awarded to him, and that in case of |
the breach of any of the conditions of i
such bond, the whole amount of the i
penal sum therein named shall be taken j
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open ,
such bids end award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per- |
centage of the gross receipts arising !
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise la to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as In this section otherwise I
provided, bidding for such franchises
must b: in accordance wi:h the provls- !
ions of this Charter in relation to bids i
made to the Board of Pv.Uic Works, so
tar as such provisions may be applies.- i
ble. The Supervisors -.iay reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a !
franchise for any part of the route for |
which application was made. "?*. cry j
ordinance making such grant shall re
quire the concurrenceof three-fourthsof
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance j
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month ;
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
ditlon that the whole of the railway !
shall be continuously operated, and j
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all i
its stationary fixtures upon the public :
streets, shall become the property of '
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least !
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of i
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the |
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture i
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the i
Board of Supervisors shall Impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem I
advisable, and must expressly provide i
that the franchise shall not be renewed !
or regranted. and that the Board shall j
at all times have the power to regulate '■
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all i
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be. credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes \
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up- !
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay- '
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the j
charges of any person, company or cor- '
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a/ street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af- ;
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the '
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance r.uthorizlng such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre- j
ceding the expiration of such franchise, i
Any ordinance granting a franchise j
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be In force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of '
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon It shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER 111
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
[ piles, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, puMic insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for" in this
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
oiher necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions in this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
with a certificate of deposit or certified
check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on the*
amount of the bid. payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five Cays af
ter such award fair or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and- pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors: and shall
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any article
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, the
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and the
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section snail
have been made in any prison. The
Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The Clerk
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in the
advertisement for proposals, in the
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to Inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and' by the person In char— of the of
fice institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day.
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in ths
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void and any officer who shall si en the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec." 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually In like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
: est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notice*
Inviting proposals and nil notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for,
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising Is made shall be
known and designated as the official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blanli: books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho°e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No. ■
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
i and the amount cf the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
1 ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
! cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
] cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
! est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being . considered.
: The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
; rooms in the City Hall for the custody
; of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall, keep accounts In detail,
i charging himsel! with all goods re-
I ceived, and crediting himself with the
| goods delivered upon order or requisi
i tion as hereinafter provided. When
i any of such supplies are required, for
! any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
I and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in . detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
I printing ordered by and delivered to
i any department or officer. '
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
] County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
'. curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
1 rate than that proposed Vy any other
bidder, or w" v 3hall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
I information, or who shall willfully"mis
lead any -bidder in regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for. or who shall knowingly accept ma-
I terials or supplies of a quality inferior
i to that called . for by the contract, or
I who shall knowingly certify to a great
j er amount of labor performed than has
been actually ; performed, or to tl c re
1 ceipt of a greater i amount or . differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from oflk-e.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for in
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con
tracts must be countersigned by the
»C"erk of the Supervisors, and reglster
*. i by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, and a con
troct awarded as provided herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidden have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and oauso
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised.
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas, eh .-trie lipht or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
th;in the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment usinpr or Slaving charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
.isslons of the City and County
s-hall send to the Supervisors an esti
tnate In writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
*Jects thereof, required In their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
Bent at the same time to the Auditor.
Bee 2. •>n or b Tore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
the probable expenditures of the
and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
: Blnklng funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing ■
the amount necessary to be apportion
« ! to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of income ,
from fines, licenses and other sources
revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
erty, and the probable amount re
ed to be levied and raised by taxa- ]
Uon.
Sec. S. Th^ Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem-
B thereof make a budget of the
unts estimated to be required to
riy the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit- and County
fur the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such de
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, bnard or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient Ime or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
h^ard in "regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
so appointed for =uch hearln~
Sec. 4. Any item in snid budget may,
■within ten days, be vetoed in whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes >>t the Supervisors I
to overcome such veto. Action thereon i
must be taken before the last Monday
oC June.
After the final estimate is made In |
accordance herewith, it shall be signed
by th«» Mayor and the v_l«»rk of the Su
pervisors, and t' several sums shall
th^n bo appropriated for the ensuing
fiscal year to the several purpoepp ard
departments therein name 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
T.. The Supervisors must cause
♦ raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fln~s, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
ppo. fy. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no mor.f-y shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon hy the Auditor.
Per. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation. .
Sec. B. The Puper-'^ors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urerent necessities not other
wipe provided for *»— law. No money
phali be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the membe. s of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sep. 9. Tt shall not he lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to incur. auth< riz" or contract liabili
ti^s against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for. pay or ren
der pavabie fn the present or future, in
any one month. a~y expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures. Indebtedness or liahility
mnde or incurred up to th« time in
puch month of making or incurring the
pnme, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
► the fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having nower to in^ur liabilities
nrainst the treasury shall make any
nprreement for obtaining supplies or
hnvlng labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
such ncrreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
njrref-ment shnli be payable in the or-
der nf such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must Inform the
person with whom It is proposed to
make such n-reement of the amount of
money nvnlinble or likely +~ >^~ avail
able In the fund from which such de
mands nre payable.
If, at the beginning of any month.
a money remains unexpended In any
appropriation which might lawfully
hnve been expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended In any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments; and for urgent necessities.
sh^H be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Bee. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution Is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to ho paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unless the Auditor shall indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making: the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished. Involuting
L the expenditure n* }r^r M»'"i *-•" ' —
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
Is required by law to be done by con
tract at public letting:. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every such contract so
presented to him, if there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes !
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during- the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the j
City and County, and exclusive of the I
tax to pay for the maintenance and j
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation In section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered In the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income j
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of "the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and,
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTEB 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The Income and revenue
1 paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
j funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
j sions of this section 6hall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
' temporarily to the credit of the Unap
: portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
! treasury authorized by law at the tinie
1 this Charter takes effect, or provided
: for by this Charter, shall continue
' therein so long as there shall be occa-
I sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
j or which may belong thereto, shall not
■ be used for any purpose other than that
j for which the same were raised except
[ as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
| moneys received into the treasury and
| not specially appropriated to any other
j fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
| Commissioners; and of all moneyscom
| ing into the hands of waid Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
I all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and Im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
| nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
I Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
I in this Charter for the maintenance of
; Library and Reading Rooms, and the
I purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books there/or.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
j sist of the moneys remaining at the end
j of any fiscal j'ear in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lla
! bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgrment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any- out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited, with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon - s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal year in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir.-.nen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing: fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to ita payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AJSTD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such dei-.quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund id applicable,
which are not leueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER in.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
I received, or collected by any officer for
i any official service, must be paid by the
I officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re-
I eeive or collect any fee, commission,
. percentage, allowance, or compensation
; for the performance of any official serv
! ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
! rendered in any official capacity, or by
! reason of any official duty or employ
, ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
! urer at the expiration of each business
'. day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
: money so paid, which shall show the
! amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
I of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
i designated the "Unnpportioned Fee
| Fund." which is hereby created, and
| shall keep such fund as other funds in
j the treasury are kr pt. and shall be lia
j ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
See. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt Is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount c-f such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sectir-ns eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law, and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands nav
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur-on the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the Indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it Is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days i ,fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presenteJ for pay
ment, prcperly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold ofTW
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollaio.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollarß.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
i public officers and the manner in
! which they execute their duties and
! fulfill their obligations. The books,
j records and official papers of all depart-
I ments, officers and persons in the em-
I ploy of the City and County shall at all
: times be open to his inspection and ex- j
| amination. He shall take special care |
I that the books and records of all de- ',
j partments, boards, officers and persons j
; are kept in legal and proper form.
i When any official defalcation or will
! ful neglect of duty or official miscon- ;
; duct shall come to his knowledge, he
I shall suspend the delinquent officer or
i person from office pending an official In
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
! the different departments such meas
[ ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
! lie interest. He shall see that the laws
i of the State and ordinances of the City
'< and County are observed and enforced.
' He' shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
I institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
! nomically and lawfully conducted, and
1 shall have the right to attend the meet- |
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
' proper measures for the preservation
i of public order and the suppression of
! all riots and tumults, for which pur-
I pose he may use and command the.po-
I lice force. If such police force is in
| sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
! ernor for military aid in the manner
| provided by law, bo that such riots or
' tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
] contracts and agreements with the City
' and County are faithfully kept and
! fully performed. It shall be the duty
| of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
' or is about to be violated by the other
i contracting party, forthwith to report
! to the Mayor all facts and information
1 within his possession concerning such
! matter. A willful failure to do so shall
i be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
\ certificate on demand to any person
; reporting such facts and Information
; that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration ;
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
' tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person.com
, pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
j not binding upon the city. The City
'< Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
j of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
| may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor ehall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose.
! election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for In this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
■ occurs in any office, and provision is
> not otherwise made in this Charter or
; by law for filling the same, the Mayor
i shall appoint o suitable person to fill
I such vacancy, who shall hold office for
I the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
] sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
j for which they have been convened;
\ and their acts at such sessions shall
i be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
! Mayor is temporarily unable to per
! form his duties, a member of the Board
; shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. ■ When a
| vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the nnexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTEB 11.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. "2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the. Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
j officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to !
comply with any of the provisions of I
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
Of any officer or employee for the time \
he shall have absented himself without i
legal cause from the duties of his office j
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
celving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person i
presenting for settlement an account or !
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching. sueh # account or claim, and '
when so sworn, to answer orally as to j
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat- '
isfy himself whether the money is ie- !
gaily due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dlted or paid unless it specify each spe- I
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to ;
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num- j
ber, in whose favor, for what service, j
the appropriation applicable to the pay- j
ment thereof, when the liability ac- j
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de- ;
termining its legality.
CHAPTER 111.
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
r.ave been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on. what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
"liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of ■
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of '
the other. The Auditor shall be joint :
custodian with the Treasurer of all i
funds in the joint custody safe; but >
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and ■
shall not be held responsible on his of- !
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each, j
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint I
custody book, showing the amount and j
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with- !
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall \
make the proper entry in the joint cus- !
fody book and initial the same. If on I
account of sickness or urgent necessity !
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the j
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amoixnt of money I
required daily for the payment of de- I
mands against the treasury shall be j
taken from the joint custody safe and ;
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving i
any money into the treasury, shall j
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike, j
except upon the face of one of them i
shall appear th*» word "Original," and j
upon the face of the other shall appear j
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts j
shall be numbered and dated, and shall !
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re- :
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en- i
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof, j
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig- ■
lnal" to the person or officer payinc
such money into the treasury, and ,
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by j
the Treasurer unless it specify each
Beveral item, date and amount compos- |
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the lav.-, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex- j
presslv madf payable out of the funds j
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Ever" lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in nil cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on -^"•■■-ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canceled"
therein, and th<» proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a. book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
1 by the Supervisors or other authority,
I and also by the Auditor to each de- I
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall he paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV C 1
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an 'As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of tha
year not more than one hundred clerka
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of. tha
State. *
CHAPTER V. v •> /
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and-
County at the time of his election ana
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. Ha
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be In full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
Payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
. : year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
■ t all licenses which may at any time
- required by law or ordinance to be
Elected within the City and County.
■ shall be charged with all taxes lev
i upon real and personal property
ithln the City and County, upon the
al settlement to be made by him ab
iding to law, or this Charter. H«
thai] pay into the treasury, without
my deduction for commissions, fees or
■:'r>rges of any kind or on any ac-»
> ount, the full amount of all taxes, as
:f:f ssments and moneys received by him.
and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon th»
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers aa police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may b«
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tim»
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and of tener when re •
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comDly with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. Ho may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chl f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars: a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollar*.
CHAPTER VIL
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. Thr-re shall be a "Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the peiple and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six nimdred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
\\ ho shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyisrs as he may deem necessary,
; who shall receive not more than eight
I cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written: but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensation at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
I Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take intohis custody and rafely keep .ill books,
records, maps and papers deposited In
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, ho must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When tiny papers arc presented
for filing or recording:, ho or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount pain for recording the
same, and shaii number consecutively
ail Instruments and documents Sled In
his office, lie shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
cf v.he State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Tlie Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not Lo exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
art as such interpreters ::-. criminal ac
tions anu proceedings :n all the courts
in the City and County, and In exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers n the
Criminal Dep; rtrnente of the Superior
Court shall ea-h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION I. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and v..0 shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars,
lie shall be elected by the people and
■hail hold office for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have, been to qualified for at least ten
years next preceding: his election, dur
ing five years or' which lie must, have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha.. devote his entire time
and attention to the duties cf his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for The City and County all ac
tion* at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin - exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give leeal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when reqursted so to do by them.
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- ai.d County. He
Bhall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears; and bound hooks of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County Is interested.
Sec. 4. He hall deliver all bjoks
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County*, to his successor in office,
who shall »ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
v.ho shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars: and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by th^ Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary In preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the "chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
polr.vment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been on qualified at least two
years next preceding hia appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
Th« District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shail
hold office for two ypars. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall \
have nil the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the- District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend. in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the I
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He rMll draw all complaints
and warrants In Bald Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
in his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer; file with tfca Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized I
statement under oath showing all !
moneys received by him in his official j
capacity durlr- the preceding three j
months: keep .a register of his official
business in which must he entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners', the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
np^etive offices.
Pec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him In the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
"When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney nctlng us such prosecut
ing attorneys In the Police Court are
not actually engaged in work connected
with prosecution? therein, they shall be
at. {he fnll of the District Attorney for
any service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, nt the
time of his nppointment. be qualified to
practice In all the courts of this State,
and must hnve been so qualified for at
Jerft two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
-iso appoint on» chief clerk, who shall ;
j receive an anr.ual salary of eighteen
' hundred dollars: one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
! twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
[ ogxapher and typewriter who shall re
. cetve an anr.ua! salary of nine hundred
! dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may. In
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
| sales under judgments for the recovery
I of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
| ing to the Cltv and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION* 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold off.cc fo» two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
1 be elected by the people and shall hold
j office for two years. He shall have all
| the powers conferred, and shall dis
i charge all the duties imposed upon, the
! County Clerks of counties by the gen
| eral laws of this State, and in addition
j thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
1 the Police Court, keep the dockets and
j registers thereof, and take charge of
! and safely keep all books, papers and
I records which may be filed or deposited
lin his office pertaining to the Police
j Court. He shall receive an annual sal
• ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
| his official duties, the County Clerk
; may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
I twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
1 ler, who shall receive an annual salary
!of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
i Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
: Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
i lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
i each receive an annual salary of
I eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
; sistant Register Clerks, who shall
I each receive an annual salary of
: fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
i ists, who shall each receive an annual
i salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
! four Clerks for the Police Court, who
; shall each receive an annual salary of
i fifteen hundred dollars.
i Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
1 ed and certified by him, he shall charge
| r.ot more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
| which are not prepared by him, he
| shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
■ cents, and also forty cents an hour for
' the time exceeding one hour necessarily
: occupied in comparing such copies. He
j must certify all papers presented to
| him which are copies of any document.
j paper or record, or portions thereof, in
: his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be |
: elected by the people, and he shall hold |
! office for two years. He shall receive |
i an annual salary of eight thousand dol
1 lars, which shall be in full compensa- |
tion for all official services required of \
, him by law; but said salary shall be j
j exclusive of the compensation received j
; by him from the State for the delivery i
of prisoners to the State prisons, and j
: insane persons to the State asylums for ;
the insane. He shall have all the pow- j
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
j the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
i of counties by the general laws of this
I State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attornej*. eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bc-okkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollar.--;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by h'.z depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dc-llars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Co-urt to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They si all each
[ receive an annual saJary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
Buch time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion Qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
| Department Number Two. Depart
! ment Number Three and Department
| Number Four. The Judges of such
j Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
bo elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from theirnumbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one I
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
| partmentß; but any of the Judges may
] preside In any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
reßularly assigned thereto.
The Judgments, orders and proceed
j ings of any session of the. Court held by
j any one or more of the Judges shall be
I equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second— Concurrent Jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
| tions and proceedings as are now or
CHABTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings In said Court
shaJl be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press |
of business on the part of defendant s
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within Jive i
days after the District Attorney shall I
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a |
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the \
same be done in open court, shall be |
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth— A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such ;
particularities of time, place, person |
and property as to enable the defend- j
ant to understand distinctly the char- |
acter of the offense complained of, and |
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained. , . „
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possib'e, I
and must refuse continuances after the i
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be I
present at the "sessions of the Court and |
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before It, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks, j
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The I
Wp.rrant and Bond Clerk shall ke»p his ;
ofFce open continuously night and day
lor the transaction of business: shall
draw complaints in actions in th<± Pn- ;
lice Court, end apnrove tho same with
his written signature; shall have the
d'stody of all bail bonds and r.ppeal :
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall j
examine the sufficiency of every bail !
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po- j
lice Court and make a return thereon, j
within forty-eight hours after such j
bond shall have come into his posses- ,
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within !
bond and find it good in law. I have i
examined the records of the City and \
County of San Francisco, and find th^ i
property, its owners and incumbrances i
herein described, to be correct accord- i
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when ;
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He mny issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
blllty thereof does not exceed two thou- j
j sand dollars, and order the discharge !
from custody of the persons for whom j
the bonds are issued; and he may take j
cash bail to the extent in any one case j
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all ,
moneys received as ball in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by j
law to account for and pay moneys re- ;
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police i
Court shall ever take bail or order the j
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some I
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive ball money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to thp Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, in
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
I Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court.
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec- j
tion held In the year eighteen hundred i
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the j
hour of noon on the first Monday after |
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police i
Judges provided for in this Chapter: j
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must !
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel, I
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers' of the courts and of \
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
Increasing the Law Library of the cor- |
poration known as the Sari Francisco i
Law Library, and to secure the use of j
the same to the Courts held at San \
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun- j
ty Government and the People of the |
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums '
as may be necessary for the purposes j
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap- .
propriated and expended pursuant '
hereto shall be paid out of the proper j
fund on demands duly audited, in the j
! mode prescribed by this Charter for j
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Cleric must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San l
Francisco Law Library such moneys as j
he shall collect under the Act referred ;
to for the benefit of said (Law Library, j
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
1 shall constitute the Board of Public
I Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he ;
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint i
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
i a. pointment as such Commissioner un
i less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall •
I be designated by the Mayor to serve
]as President for one year. All subse- :
j quent Presidents of the Board shall be
I elected by the members thereof for
j terms to be fixed by said board.- The
i President of the Board shall in each
j case hold office until his successor has :
! been elected or until his membership
I on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a j
Secretary who shall receive an annual I
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The I
| Board may employ such clerks, super- i
intendents, Inspectors, engineers, sur- '
veyors, deputies, architects and work- >
men as shall be necessary to a proper i
discharge of their duties under this Ar- ;
ticle, and fix their compensation; but j
'no compensation to any -of said persons i
shall be greater than is paid in the I
i case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance '
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes; ■
and shall require adequate bonds from
j Its officers and employes, except labor
' ers, for the faithful performance of all
| their duties In such sums as may be '
I fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
: shall be approved by the Mayor and
| shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a I
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall 1
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go Into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
' at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all Its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the ; open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.' . . . - : ::. . ■ :.../: ■ ■
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediately
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and j archives
and other property belonging to -th*.
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore " kept by or , in
: the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the I Superintendent of | Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence a;
the time this Charter goes i into effect
I for the opening,- extending, widening,
narrowing, ; straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence an I
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity witn
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through thts
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steamandwaterpipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the i
deposit of building material in front of !
a building during its construction or !
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said F-oard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*,
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of an>
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining j
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys, j
places, courts, roads, highways and j
boulevards, and the lighting of th*
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County ana
of the appointment of such janitors ano
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by th«s
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The I-loard shall there
upon make an estimate o- tht expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear v- sa.d street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts fr the doing cf sucu work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If tho expense of such
work has been 1 s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus snail con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
i City and County, and as such shall be
: presented, approved and paid as other
i claims.
I ' Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
' estimates required by the Supervisors
! in connection with any public improve
j monts or utilities, shall be made by the
i Board of Public Works and it shall,
i when requested to do so, furnish infor
, mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
i years' practical experience as such,
I who shall be designated the City En
' gineer. He shall hold his office at the
| pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
■ prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
| and supervision of said Board, and
| shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
! directed to do by said Board or by the
I Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
I by law to City Engineers and to Coun
| ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
; all plats, surveys and certificates made
|by him shall have the same validity
j and be of the same force and effect as
i are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
j ors. No street assessment shall be val
jid without his certificate as to the
I quantities and unless it be to the effect
j that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
l porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
I the sole executive control in his own
| department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determln
led by the Beard of Public Works,
i be done under written contract, except
lin case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases in the matter
lof the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any wojrk authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application,, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding: and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made In vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour, I
and all bids shall be delivered to the |
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and r-blicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid. shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall .be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
sliiill advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fall to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of auch contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the Ctty At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
in triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawing?, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; on«>
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor. \
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre-*
tary a certified check upon some sol-y
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other tnan law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property. the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances. is equal In
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds oh which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not Oc
lir.auent. ttm .
The contract shall specify the tima
within which the work shall be com
menced, and wTien to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no cv ■-. t
shall the time for the performance > t
said contract be extended by the Bu*
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for it*
completion; but, on the unanim-'ua
recommendation of the Board of Pubka
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors. In case ct
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within tha
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by hi:., under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement o£^
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of th«
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that In no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in.
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it sha.l so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon th«
I Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER IL
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, f.iall be deemed and held
to be open pubuc streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tii.i Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must i
in the first instance, except where ■
otherwise provided in this Article, be l
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
Is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. "When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approv s of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons ror such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
■written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all suefi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersect,,
tion Cr crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or cro. ing will -c benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots pa to be benefited.
Such map shall "be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when It shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary', and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and. briefly, theta
work or improvement proposed, and re-^
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pro- rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, In case of a district, hose owningmore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of s>aid resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation
fto the doing of said work or making
said improvement, unless the owners of
' the one -half or more of. the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition lor the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
leaßt two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, ehall
make written objections to the
Bajne within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and tho objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiorlty of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at Its next meet-
ing, fix a time for hearing raid objec
tions, not lees than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing: a notice thereof In
the Post ( >ffice at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive:
and If said objections are overruled the
proceedings, shall be .continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or Improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearine sa!4 objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
—its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land.
the area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to th«
work or improvement proposed to bo
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
•work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persona so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned In the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board, shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any incidental
expenses, the rate per front fout as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the; work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot tothe work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and Knowing the number of
front feet assessed for Paid work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not Invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
in part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work haa
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against eaid per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 8. The expense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, croßs
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
■treets and highways.
b. Of all work done In front of. or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of aJI sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, snail be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er thrui fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision one — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein Is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two — The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be asse&sed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the «c>-t
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or .subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision stieet
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of si>«-h al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven — Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
j court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
I the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
Btreet, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, ir it does
not meet another, and the- other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expenso
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that Bide,
and for intervening intersections only
«\ the two quarter blocks adjoining
cornering upon that side,
bdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
bo to do, but before said Board has
passed Its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
■ grading upon said street, to its
width, or to the centre line thereof,
to its grade as then established,
thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them in said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexes book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling In grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors in
Interest, shall be entitled to credit on the
assessment upon hi* or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad-
t thereof, to the amount of the cu
yards of cutting and filling set
i in his or their said certificate, at
prices named in the contract for
cutting and filling; or, if the grade
nwhile has been legally changed,
for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as chanp d. Suoh owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as-
Enents for grading upon the lots
land owned by him or them, and
ortionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
I said grading upon the same grade
number of cubic yards of cutting
I filling set forth In any and all cer
;ates so recorded in his office, or for
whole of said grading to the
.nged grade so much of said certi
[ work as would be required for
ding thereto, and shall enter corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
spondlng credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in Interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently pr
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may Include in the resolu
tion of Intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned In this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained In
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso
lution of Intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such ass?psment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof • the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded In the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period or
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested In said
at;sf Ksment shall be deemed to have no
tice of the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
hi delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant Raid
conti actor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
n">ent3 made to cover the sum duo for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
"When it shall appear by the final
jur\<rment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render suoh judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
tho lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ii!e-
KfTuy, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant To
any f uch assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
i*i seven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to tha Hoard for
another assessment to be Issued In con
formity to law; and the Hoard shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make ami deliver to
said applicant a new assessmant, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said Hen as provided in this Chapter.
Bhould such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand, pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
the^r agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided In this
section he shall thenceforth have no
Hen upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or i /mplained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thoreto.
AH the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or in the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Works
has' acquired Jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 10. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or If an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with Interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such prejnises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of tho
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience In the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice In writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of. In front of the property of -which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used In said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without Interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter Into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the dome of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by it in its office for throe days.
Inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Paid bids shall be delivered to it at Its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow r
ing:: whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the Inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract prlcp. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and comDleted without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or buird
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, If legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents clue and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse~sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid ai.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa 'merit by
the owner.
Sec. SL The records !cept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public W r orks
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said p?rson, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
■with Incidental expenses, In an action
Instituted In a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover In said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or Intersecting
streets In any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term '"street" shall In
clude crossing:.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
■when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. Xo street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which' are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the "provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided In this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements an-1
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public "Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without surh order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon hi 3
official bond. All cobblestones, or Btona
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Publio
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by tha
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the Una
of said street, or proposed street, and,
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and tha
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit; it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall ba
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in,
case the Supervisors shall not pass an,
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvement*
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oath 3
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolutibn of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon,
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lota
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
firmed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be ppstponed.
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that «uch objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith,
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed,
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and the
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
"Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district, determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating- the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provi.l°<l, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation between the value of said lot In its en
tirety and its value .as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, If any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. S. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time of
said inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
caus'td to the same by reason of such
intended improvement, and the Board
thall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and Improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
Improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and lander.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons Interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
p.-c. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
Improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
Fame, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est' therein; and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During: said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assesoment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the Im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to tho Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the v^lue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. li On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
Borne day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to thfe con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
Fhall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
Bhall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in
said report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
paid improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
judgment. Said lien shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Fee. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal th<? judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
paid report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded,, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State.. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond thac necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenses of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in
i said judgment as the compensation for
I the lands to be taken for said, improve
j ment; and upon the delivery to the
i Treasurer by any person entitled to re
: ceive compensation for any lot of land
; so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
' of land to the City and County, ap-
I proved by the • City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
; such person is entitled, to the compen
; sation for the lands described in said
! conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
; tion, after the demand therefor has
j been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
! lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
i for ten days to make and deliver such
I conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by th»
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of ■ the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there an»
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of the said Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
; said land. , j
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any '
claimant to said award, or any part j
thereof, may file his petition in said'
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the !
County Clerk shall, after said demand ;
has been audited by the Auditor, col- {
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds i
to the person or persons named in said
1 judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said Judgment that be- i
fore receiving the proceeds of said war- i
: rant said party, or some one author- ;
t ized in his behalf, shall make and ex- \
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient '
conveyance of said lot of land. Im- :
! mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
I Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
! be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
| tent person to act as one of the Com
■ missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
; for sara Commissioners, and who, be
i fore entering upon his duties, shall
I take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on. the
written recommendation of the Board
of. Public Works,* change the grade of
j any street or street crossing in the
j manner and to the grade set out In
I such recommendation; but no grade
I shall be changed unless the same pro
j ceedings are taken by way of provid
! ing compensation to those who may
! suffer damage by such change of
| grade, so far as such proceedings may
I be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
j vided in the matter of opening,
■ straightening, widening and extending
| streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may «be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTEB IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other w r orks necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
I relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
! the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
I to agree with the owner thereof, upon
I the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
j and in all cases in which the Board
j shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
I cause said property to be condemned,
! and to institute proceedings for the
i condemnation of such property, or for
■ the ascertainment of such damages in
i the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harborß and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which It may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
fc-r at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The .ioard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor Is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Boird shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes ot the Board.
CHAPTER li.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to to,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfltness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be baaed solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property thnt may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Cf-nsus
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common ' >ho< 1p of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools
Snould the Board fail or neglect to fill
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the duties of
O-nsus Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
tion Schools.
S. To cue in the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity concealing the enjoy
ment and possession cf sach lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment; on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of tlu Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall
be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the ofn- <
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at least three members of the j
Board approved by an ordinance of the I
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property \
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any I
school, educational purpose or school
library; to carry into effect the terms
of any bequest not in conflict with the '
general laws or this Charter; and to sell :
such personal property as shall no '
longer be required for m : in the i
schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Tund.
Spc. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May, make a list of I
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating in clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be '
delivered, and shall invite proposals for j
furnishing the same by advertising |
therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111. of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit I
and security accompanying the same, !
the presentation and opening of propo- '
sals, the awarding of contracts and the !
security for the performance thereof, j
shall, so far as the same can be made j
applicable, apply to all proposals and j
contracts made, awarded or entered i
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
in violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of !
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taueht in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish- I
ing the State fund from all others, the J
purpose for which such money has been '
expended, with particulars, and such j
other information as may be required |
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of j
Common Schools of the City and Coun- j
ty shall be by virtue of his office a j
member of the Board of Education, !
without the right to vote. He shall re- |
ceive an annual salary of four thousand j
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent* shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children in average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhpuses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies Khali constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
I which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
'the Board shall thereupon issue to the
! successful candidates the certificates
i to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
! special certificates valid for a period
i not to exceed six years, upon such
j special studies as may be authorized by
i the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional,
i conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
! evident unfitness for teaching, to
i recommend to the Board of Education
, the revocation of any certificates pre
! viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
! granting and renewal of County cer-
I tiflcates by County Boards of Educa
! tion in section seventeen hundred and
i seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
j visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
! the current annual expenses of public
; instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup-
I plies to be furnished pupils, including
i text books for indigent children; for
i purchasing agid procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
; furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
| ing and repairing buildings; for the
I support of schools organized since the
! last annual apportionment; for the sal
1 ary of the School Directors, Superinten
j dent. Deputy Superintendents, and all
; other persons employed in the School
\ Department, and for other expenditures
i necessary for the administration of the
' Public School System; but the aggre-
I gate amount so reported for any one
; year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
: two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
! and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
i added to the regular revenue derived
i from other sources, shall produce an
•■ amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
! or great calamity, such as disaster from
i fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
I the Board of Education may, with the
j approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
\ incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
[ cess of the annual limit provided for in
■ this Charter, for the repair and con
; struction and furnishing of school
i houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
' the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality in
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodationa,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
I Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
| school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the i
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the i
amount of money in the School Fund j
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap-
I proval. by the President and Secretary
! thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
! without delay to have such school
! house constructed and completed in ac
i cordance therewith.
"When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if It has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
j Board of Public Works, specifying
In general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
In accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and wjthin such estimate, the
same* shall be accepted and shall be
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it Is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
Ibe filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
j tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
| the purpose of maintaining such
■ Library and Reading: Kooms and
; such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
! time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
! purchasing or leasing: real and -ersonal
i property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
| one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
I Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
' brary, shall be paid into the treasury J
I and be designated as the Library j
! Fund and be applied to the purposes j
I hereia authorized. If such payment
j into the treasury should be inconsistent I
with the conditions or terms of any |
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board |
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, In accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when j
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
1 fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
I gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
I for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint In a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of I
all property. mon~", receipts and ex
pend: tures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and I
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that j
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared !
; or created for such Library and Read- i
I ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
] provide memorial tablets a*id niches to
! perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, Journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing- and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants;
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, express^ by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of th»
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whoje or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a i
Board of Police Commissioners consist- i
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of !
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment. !
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so !
constituted as to consist of more than !
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration j
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be j
successors in office of the Police j
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this j
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of j
appointment under any statute or law i
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency af such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en-^
tered therein.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION I. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De-
I partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violatipns of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage In
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
| same is given, and the description of
| the premises where such business is to
Ibe carried on. Such permits shall at all*
times be subject to inspection by anj-'
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
I the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annfial salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the- term of four years. He shall re- ,
ceive an annual salary of four thou- 1
sand dollars. He shall have control, >
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such,
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. Ha
shall, subject to the directions and or
•ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He sha'.l be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such,
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of tho
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where* ,
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at hia
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief- Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his Judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
surh amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police Inspection,
supervision nnd control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers In " second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings nust first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empowe»
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit- .
ed, lost, strayed or stolen. Ap
CHAPTEB V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate officers ofthe Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shjfl each
receive an annual salary oi sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants, ;
who shall each receive an annual salary j
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor- j
als, who shall each receive an annual :
salary of fourteen hundred and four :
dollars.
Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains eh all be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, b>- the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
«. There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex-
Sergeant tor every ten police
:s. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
mmissionerSi the orders of the
Chief of Police, anil the orders of their
live Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec .". There shali be as many Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
mip.sioners may be advisable. The dv
: Corporals Bhall lie defined b the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners, tho orders of the Chief of Po
liro, and the orders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. C. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to- act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Pec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver th<* same to the
prison keeper, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec, 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratsments.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or viola-tins
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Per. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
•. or to punishment for an' breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the act? complained of. and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
lner to appear personally and by coun
sel; to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance nf all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in- ■
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may In any way come into the
Bsion or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Proo
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain In the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the official
newspaper; and the proceeds of such
sale shall be paid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty bo sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from insane persons shall not
become part of *uoh Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
time the same la paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period
make diligent Inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable.
Bee 4. 7f any property or money In
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any r" O urt. It
phflll be delivered to any officer who
(-hall present an order in writing to
that effect from such Court, and the
Oerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Pec. 6. All valuables and money In
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to Buch rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall continue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new ,
appointments and all promotions made j
after this Charter shall go into effect !
■hall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund, j
SECTION 1. In order to continue in ;
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board |
of Police Commissioners and its sue
ceasors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com- |
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any !
aped, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the ,
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon !
an examination by two regularly cer- <
tificated practicing physicians appointed :
by the Commissioners for that pur- j
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea- ;
son of such age, infirmity or other dis- '
ability, unfit for the performance of his :
duties. Such retired member shall re- [
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- i
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to !
one-half of the amount of the salary :
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire- ;
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously noxt preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at |
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart- \
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury :
received in the performance of his :
duty, upon his filing with the Commis-
Bloners a verified petition setting forth
■ the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
•which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary j
attached to the rank which he may i
have held three years prior to the date j
■ of such retirement, to be paid to him .'
i during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he ,
j occupied at the time of his retirement. ■
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out j
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund, j
provide for the family of any officer, i
member or employe of the Department ;
who may be killed while in the per- j
formance of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de- .
cedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or :
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive ,
a pension equal to one-half the salary
i attached to the position held by their
| father at the time of his death, until
i the youngest attains the age of sixteen
■ years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
: widow and no orphan child or children,
! but leave a parent or parents depend- ;
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of such"
deceased member and paid into the Re- j
■ lief and Pension Fund; but the provl- !
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
phall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make !
rules and regulations to carry out the '■
j provisions of this Chapter and to en
■ force compliance therewith on the part ]
:of the members of the Department. It ,
shall make up an estimate every year I
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension !
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on '■
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious, i
The form or the amount of such reward j
shall be discretionary with the Board; ;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President. It shall Issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persona from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
'. Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
: quarterly meeting send to the Treas-
I urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
1 1 copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
' Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
, shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
; out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
i Fund Commissioners shall possess the
; powers vested in the Board of Police
I Commissioners to make rules and
: regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
i the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
1 fifty dollars for any one month, includ
1 ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commls
i si oner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
l ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
; ten per centum of all moneys collected
' and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
I malt or other intoxicating liquors are
i sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys recolved fmm fines
; imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
I rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not I<*ps than one-fourth nor mor*
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from Junk
; stores.
6. All moneys received from fines for
i carrying concealed weapons.
CJIAKTER FOX THE CITY AXD COUNTY OF SAiS FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shah
be forthwith paid into the Police Relief
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to \
the credit of such Fund. The surplus j
then remaining in such Fund exceeding ;
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next ;
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of |
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay- j
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper '<
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist- j
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayer, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary .
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment. ;
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to- consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis- ,
Blotters holding office in the City and ;
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment j
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number j
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre- !
: tary who shall perform such duties as !
■ the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four |
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet :
', at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees '■
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
; Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posl
ttona in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age. of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
; years next preceding the date nf their
i appointment, must pass a medical ex
; amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
j lnation be found in sound bodily health.
Spc. 7. No officer, member or employee
1 of the Department shall be appointed.
i transferred, or removed because of his
, political opinions, nor shall he be
I transferred or dismissed except for
I cause, nor until after a trial before the
: Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
: that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
; tainlng to the Department are carried
; into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
'■ Impose reasonable fines upon the of
j ficers. members and employees of the
I Department, or may suspend any of
i them for such reasonable time as the
; Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
i and employees upon whom they are
; imposed, and shall be transferred by
[ the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
| and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
; upon an order signed by the Chief En
j gineer and the Secretary of the Com-
I missioners: but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus ns may be
[ required for the purpose of extinguish
i ing such conflagration may be with
. drawn from said Corporation Yards by
i order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
■ officer in charge of the force of the
■ Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
i the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER IL
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
\ to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
I make its appointments of officers and
[ members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
! into effect. Such officers and members
I shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
j discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while !n the actual
performance of his duty therein bo as
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111. of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
tho presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board 'of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive ofll
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, aro
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus- !
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in- I
competency, or for any violation of the j
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in
writing such suspension, with his rea- |
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for j
their action. He shall diligently ob- i
serve the condition of the apparatus !
and workings of the Department an<s
report in writing thereon at least once i
a month to the Board and make such '
recommendations and suggestions re- '
specting the same as he may deem
proper. In the absence or inability ol !
! the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief I
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
i absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers, i
; or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief \
: in charge may. during a conflagration, j
i cause to be cut down or otherwise re~
moved any buildings or structures for
1 the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not j
, more than one Captain, one Lieutenant. ■
! one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
: shall be composed of not more than ono
; Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver, !
I one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall j
be composed of not more than one Cap- i
I tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and '■
! one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be '
! composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be i
! composed of not more than one Cap- I
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one ;
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one i
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under- \
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco, !
may appoint such persons as may be
l recommended by said Board of Di- |
j rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant >
j Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in j
! the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant ;
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same !
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar- j
shal and of his assistant and deputies i
Ehall be fixed and paid by said Board of !
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire j
, Patrol of San Francisco, and in no I
event shall the City and County be !
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire |
j Marshal shall attend all fires which j
may occur in the City and County, ■
I and he shall take charge of and protect j
i all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
I take charge of the same within twenty
i four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
j claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
j charged with the enforcement of all
! laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus- I
tible materials and explosives, together i
with the investigation of the cause of
■ all fires. In all cases where there is
i reason to believe that fires are the re- I
suit of crime or that crime has been j
committed in connection therewith, the j
I Fire Marshal must report the same in j
! writing to the District Attorney. The
j Fire Marshal shall also have the care !
; of, and may sell, subject to the orders
I of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
j property saved from fire for which no
| owner can be found, and at once pay
| the amount realized from any such sale
! into the treasury. He shall exercise
j the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 6. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to Inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildintrs and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
In force, and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. i. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received in the performance of his j
duty, upon his filing with the Commis- j
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen- :
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
Balary attached to the rank which he !
may have held three years prior to |
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at ;
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. B. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while ,
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p -ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until !
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a !
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It j
shall make up an estimate every year i
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. S. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
i quarterly meeting serM to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
: The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
i copy of such list upon a book to be kept
| for that purpose which shall be known
; as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
i warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
j and ordered paid by him out of said
! Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
1 Fund Commissioners shall possess th^
! powers vested in the Board of Fire
i Commissioners to make rules and
I regulations for Its guidance. It may
< appoint a Secretary and provide for
| the payment from said Fund of all Its
I necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
j dollars for any one month, including
I the salary of the Secretary and print-
I ing; but no compensation shall be paid
I to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
j gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
! Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun-
I dred dollars; Superintendent of En
• gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
i Captains, each fourteen hundred and
! forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
| hundred dollars; Engineers, each
! thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
I Drivers, Stokers. TilleTmen. Truckmen,
j Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year o-f
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; "Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred do-llars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars: Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
lire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
tho Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department -of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents far furnishing light, heat or j
power in and upon streets and bulld
ingß in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De- [ '
partment of Public Health under the (
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members, i
five of whom shall be appointed by the j
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer- ;
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint-
ment, and who must have been such i
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lie Works shall be members of the i
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations i
as may be necessary for the govern- I
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of ;
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under. this ;
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of- ;
flee at the end of one year, one at the (
end of two years, one at the end of i
three years, and two at the end of four ;
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouse s*,5 *,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all j
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the livos
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, Including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th<»
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11.
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it. shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all i
ordinances, rules and regulations which |
may be adopted by the Supervisors for j
the carrying out and enforcement of a ;
good sanitary condition in the City and j
County; for the protection of the public I
health; for determining the nature and j
character of nuisances and for their !
abatement; and for securing the proper i
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors ,
a draft of such ordinances, rules and;
regulations as it may deem necessary !
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board, j
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char- ;
ter. and no person so appointed by the i
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Bee. 6. The Board may appoint 3
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who j
must have been a resident of the City |
and County for at least five years next |
preceding his appointment. He shall j
devote his time exclusively to the dv- I
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who Is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the '
benefit of clinical instruction«in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital j
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to |
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination i
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
nesrlect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to in
mates of any Institution under the care
of the Board phall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTEB I. "
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners, i
consisting of five members, who" shall i
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall j
hold office for four years. Each of the j
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must- have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must, <
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon : the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
■when such appointee is to take . office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vici»
President, as the case may he. at the
last preceding general election^ The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such* vote at such election, If there be
such third party, an rl if not, .then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as j
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with : the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question ! as
prescribed In this section.. ■ ' .
Sec. 2. No member of th« Board, nor
■Registrar, ; nor Denutv Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be ! eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for" which he
shall have been "appointed, or for one
year thereafter; I nor . act: as officer of
any election i- or primary election : nor
take.part In any election r except to
vote and when nctintr as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official 'duties;; as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganlze within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor Is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shrill be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical at as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
phajl be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general lawa
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPIER IL
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall b? held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk. Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected* for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The- Superintendent of Public
Schools Eha'.l be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, undef
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the came in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OP PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
■water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as the
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal Indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit: to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. Whon a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, aa
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
tho signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors- and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the votes cast in favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions 9hall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring ita
determination 10 acquire the same as
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided. i
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
Utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter- !
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At j
least two-thirds of the electors voting ■
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to*
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth. .
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to bepaid out of the Ardinary an
nual income and revenue of theCityand
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
m-wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring surh public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
■ day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
BUCta election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held an
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Pec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of paid ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
th>' bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded Indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property In the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds Issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at. a place to bo fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date
The' bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale an : allotment
thereof shall be Riven to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly
as the Supervisors may determine'
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and In such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
.newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof
The proceeds of such -"i '<-><■, shall -bi>
placed in the treasury ■•• the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned In the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall bo countersigned by the Auditor
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and sierned by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer
Sec. 1?.. At the. time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
, vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
. curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
•purposes, and shall be collected at the.
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected. V.
Sec. 14. A necrleot or refusal on the j
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
i ■♦•tute cause for the removal, from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
; taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
I shall appoint three persons, known by
j him to be devoted to the principles of
j Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
! for one year, one for two years, and one
' for three years. Each year thereafter
| the Mayor shall in like manner ap
: point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
; pires in that year, to serve as such
i Commissioner for three years. All ap
; pointments shall be so made that not
i more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
j party. Each of such Commissioners
I shall receive an annual salary of
j twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
| classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in eee
j tion eleven of this Article, with refer
i ence to the examinations hereinafter
: provided for. The places so classified
! by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such» place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
1 tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall
make 'rules to carry out the purposes
I of this Article, and for examinations,
I appointments, promotions and re
• movals, and in accordance with Its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
► the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical In their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
j ligious opinions or affiliations. The
| Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
• aminations as the Commissioners may
: direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
, by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official new s
! paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County o£ the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference •to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
oxcept when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
< "ommlssioners; but such rules shall
ii"t fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
oxpiration of the neriod of probation,
the head of the department or office In
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex-
I traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the an
proval of the Commissioners, mak»
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks' and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
| missioners, the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said ot-
Ifcs and departments shall be exempt-
Ithprefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
<^lerk. the Chief Deputy and the
ihler of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
. the Under Sheriff and the Chief
ikkeeppr of the Sheriff, the Deputy
ditor. the Chief Deputy of the Re
der, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
y Engineer, the Secretary and the
of the Board of Public Work»,
Registrar of the Board of Election
■nmissioners, the Chief of Police, the
;ef EHgineer of the Fire Department,
3 all physicians appointed by or on
Board of Health. All officers, courts,
irds and heads of departments vest-
In this Charter with the power to
>olnt deputies, clerks, stenographers
employees In any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTT OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall mak«
such appointments in conformity wkh
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. Nc. deputy, clerk or employee
I in the classified civil service of the City
! and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
i upon written charges and after an op
: portunity to be heard in his own de
j fense. Such charges shall be investt
j gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commit
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
; missioners, or such investigating office*,
j or board, when approved by the Cora-
I missioners, shall be certified to the ap~
j pointing officer or board, and shall b»
j forthwith enforced by such officer.
! Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
! shall be given by the appointing power
! to the Commissioners of all appoint
: ments, permanent or temporary, made
i in such classified civil service, and of
I all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
ibe kept by the Commissioners. When
j any place of employment is created or
• abolished, or the compensation at
j tached thereto altered, the officer or
: board making such change shall imme
i diately report in writing to the Com-
I missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall ln-
I vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
| classified . service in the City and
j County, and may Inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
i of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
| or before the fifteenth day of January
i in each year, make to the Supervisors
j a report showing their acts, the rules
I in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re- j
quire a report from the Commissioners
j at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall cm
i ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
' their direction, superintend any exam
■ ination held in the City and County
| under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners j
j may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
I shall be Secretary of the Commission
Iby virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
' reports made to it, and keep a record of j
all examinations held under its direc
! tlon. He shall receive an annual salary
j of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
! nlsh the Commission with suitable of
! fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
1 blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
\ vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination; err falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any
person any special or secret Infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service, ai.d all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to j
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan j
street to the Pacific Ocean and known :
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated '
upon said map by the word "Park," ;
and known as "Buena Vista Park"; ;
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue." extending from j
Baker street westward until it crosses j
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific i
Ocean, and designated upon said map I
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain j
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as j
ceded to the City and County of San i
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all j
the other parks and squares in the City \
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the i
City and County, and all parks and j
squares and public pleasure grounds j
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be i
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
!an artist. They shall be appointed by
i the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
i services. They shall so classify them-
I selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Boaid
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
| ployees, and shall require adequate
j bonds from all of them, except labor
j ers, for the faithful performance of
| their duties in such sums as may be
; fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
i proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor Is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
j may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con-
I stltute a quorum for the transact'cn of
| business. No contract shall be entered
I into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by th;» Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park 0 ,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the Stato
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such : ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of ; : four " member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption. *
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage ■>
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donors,
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, . for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in overy
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for panc-pleasvre
purposes only. No such bull-ling shall
be constructed by the Board except it
»c within the objects and purposes for
■which said parks, squares, aye lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose ■}< conducting
.nereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be necessary to conserve th? integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe
riod not greater than six months, and
so as not to Interfere with the use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted oxeiipt such
tair or Exposition be of. National, Stat
er Municipal .mportance. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park !
Fund shall be used for th; purposes c*
any such Fair cr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
tin; request of the Comm'.B3icnerr, de
tall such members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, averts and i
grounds as may be necessary for the en
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance, of the ordinations of the j
Commissioners; and the Commissioners
may provide a place of detention with
in either of said public pla :es In which
the persons arrested for violating any
of Ihe ordinances of the Board may be
detained tempo arily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn: therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in j
amount the sum necessary for imme- I
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the '
Board shall Invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to . the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven |
hundred feet square, on which said '
State may erect and maintain an ex- I
position building, in which may be ex- !
hibited the products of the several !
counties of the State and in which the I
collection made by the State Mining '
Bureau may be maintained and ex- j
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to ' extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni- I
cipal building or other public place be- !
longing to the City and County. The I
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub- ■
mitted. The term "work of art" as used I
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations, j
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or j
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures; of a
permanent character, Intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and "County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with- |
out the similar approval of the Board, j
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, - gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land' belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of. arches,
bridges, structures ■ and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual! and which
shall extend ; over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place j
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials ■or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall ■; pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and ; ':: improve
ment of said parks, squares, : avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall : an
nually levy a tax on all property, in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not Is less ; than ; five
cents nor more than seven cents , upon
each one hundred dollars , assessed
valuation of said property. . . •
ARTICLE XV<
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. rhe bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept In the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, In
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
whpn the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever 'they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried !
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United !
States, or of this State, or who shall !
hold any other salaried office connected '
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by I
virtue of legal process at the suit of the j
City and County. If any person in this j
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con- i
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law. he shall forfeit his of- i
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
th« City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed in
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County-
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de->
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be n
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer v.ho shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on thts
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall b«>
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Polic*
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clocjc in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board s and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
wlth counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any jerson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it Is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or corn-mission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to Issue subpe
nas. to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on reouest of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpena s.
See. 25. All publications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after this Charter
Skee effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
nrivileee or franchise.
P sec % All ordinances or resolutions
for the" improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time tnta Chapter
takes effect are hereby repealed
Sec. 28. All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amen-led or repealed
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public taterest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses of tne
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must ay
ordinance passed Ly th- affirmative vott
of not less than fourteen members <n
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for tne
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to- the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Bc-ard of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan conventic.-n the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or. otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take an\' part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
,ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary ha
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time betw ■■en the first
day of December, In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in*
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shaJl take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fiind cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by thia
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund nt the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund,
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
.created by thia Charter. Out at th«said General Fund shall be paid, as In
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
euch expenses as are by this Charter I
to be paid out of the Funds specifically |
provided for the payment of such ex- I
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hundred, each and every of j
said departments shall expend the |
moneys set apart to each of them by j
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of said moneys
Fet apart by said Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
year ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
shall remain unexpended at the time
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
Its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific funds «hall be paid during
paid six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
' by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
isting municipality to any department j
of the City and County become or be j
exhausted at any time during said six
months, or should any department cre
ated by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
Fix months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of !
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
seven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to j
firemen under Article IX of this Char- !
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section '
is the existing municipality of the City \
and County of San Francisco, and the
several funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are ]
funds of said existing municipality. All |
the funds of said existing municipality
rot mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity "or their continuance ceases.
Sec. 3*. "When the - necessity for I
maintaining any Fund of the City and j
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex- j
ist, and a balance remains In such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare I
by ordinance, and upon such declara- !
tion such balance shall be forthwith i
transferred to the General Fund.
-
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of pc eral c ci.l..tion in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May. in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the solo purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election
tha'.l ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of Calif orria for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter ouierwlse
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first, day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thcreupo-n become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of Sr.n F-ancisco, and shall
pupersede the existing Charter of said
and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form nf ballots at sei ". election
ehall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, T~"S.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, XO.
For the sole purposes of the election
ilteeted in this Charter!
to be elected by the p- -plo, chis Char
hall take efect on and after its ;
approval by the Legislature, and the !
election of such office-, ?hall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
1 of Election Commisaioners in I
and for paid City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under thi Charter mak- j
Ing: the appointments Mrovided in this j
Charter to be made bv*sni..i, and of the
qualification of the persons bo ap
pointed, this Charter yhall take effect i
on the first day of December, in the '
year one thousand eight hundred and |
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of r.iore than two hundred
thousand Inhabitants, on the twenty
seventh day of December, in the year
one thousand right hundred "and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with thp provisions -of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under-
Eierned a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
BRid City ami County; and we. the
members of said Board, In pursuance
of euch provisions of the Constitution
Rnd within a period of ninety days
such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
PRid City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IX WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE. Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGE,
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
P. H. McCART'IY.
JOHN NIGHTINGALE. Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOH.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. IS9S.
8 4
H
Tu. We Th. Fr. Sa. Moon's Phases.
I 1 2 . /C^ Full Moon.
i W Aprilii.
-1 ■ —- — — JL -rj-Last; Quarter
_l'Jj 13 14 ;15: 16 i^- April 13. .
' m HT IT IT ' "m~ i /r^ New Moon '
IL V\ n "JL W AprUJK^
M » :s { •.•■j !30 ! First Quarter,
Ji Anrll '.'«.
in 11
1: v
NOTICE: TO JIAIU..ERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In Han Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard" to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are co? tally Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept* on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all - matters
of Interest to ocean coir.merce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tel*
rraph HIH Is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mars
Island. Cal.
A notice Ftatlng whether the time hall w»«
6t< P!"-d on time <r giving the error. If any. Is
published the pnme day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morninc papeis thp follow
ing day. W. S. HrOHES.
I.'pnt^nant. T7. S. N.. In charre.
The value of an able-bodied emigrant
to Australia la estimated to be £260.
The Australasian colonies have expend
ed many millions in pron.oting immi
gration, and it is ralculated that every
immigrant has cost: New Zealand, £19,
Victoria, £17. and Queensland, £18.
Thrpp times more herrings are con
sumed than any other fish.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
1 Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat freights nominal.
Wheat and . Barley firm.
j Another advance In Oats.
I Some changes In Corn.
j Rye and Buckwheat going up. -
Another dollar tacked on to Hay.
Straw advanced.
Feedstuffs very firm.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Coal as before.
Potatoes weak. Onions unchanged. " ;
Summer Vegetables lower.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Poultry weaker.
Fresh fruits • unchanged.
Dried fruits doing rather better.
Nuts firm. Honey In brisk demand.
Provisions unchanged.
Wool dull. Hops nominal.
Nothing new In Hides and Leather.
Hogs weak. Lambs lower.
Beef and Mutton unchanged.
Coffee about the same.
| No change in Oils.
j Shipment of $53,520 to China.
j Increased receipts of Wine and BranHy. . '.
PUBLIC MONEY IN SAN FRANCISCO. '
C. 'P. Berry, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
; on hand March 31. IS9S, as follows:
United States notes '. % 6.173. 00
: Treasury notes of 1590 17.4.".5 00
i National Bank notes :. 2.605 00
i Gold certificates 300.520 00
i Sliver certificates 373.233 00
Gold coin 13.275.170 60
Standard silver dollars 25.563.539 00
Subsidiary silver coin 176.338 10
Minor coin • 13.777 03
I Total $42,025.509 63
( Shipments of sliver coin from the same of
! fice In the month of March, IS9S, Was a3 fol
; lows:
I Standard silver dollars 1111.000
! Subsidiary silver 123,783
Total 1234,785
WAR AND THE MARKETS.
The Toledo Market Report says: '.
I '"The first effects of the war of lE6I-65 were
I apparent in a great Inflation of prices' and an
I abnormal activity of trade; the reactionary
derangements were delayed until the panic of
1873. At the beginning of that struggle we
hail only $150,000,000 of gold in the country;
to-day we have STSO.OOO.OOO. War always be
comes a serious question of gold resource;
and this difference between now and then is
I an advantage of the Utmost value; the more
the threatened war would be of far ln
! ferior magnitude to that of thirty-five years
uko. Still although we mlpht safely count
those ameliorations of war when it had
fairly pot under way, its Immediate effect
would be a sharp shock to all the markets,
but as the rt^ult has already been anticipated.
Its severer features would soon disappear, and
speculation would become a conspicuous fea
ture of business at large, but especially In
j stocks."
OUR SUPPLY OF MONET.
On the' first day of April, 1898, there was
more money In the country than there has ever
been before, says the Wall Street Journal, and
there was more money In circulation. The
circulation was $1,756,058,645, and the amount
coined or issued was $2,413,736,148. Compared
with April 1, •■ISS9, , the money- In the country
has Increased from $1,990,046,487, or •: nearly
1500,000,000, and ' the money In circulation has
increased from $1,406.451,595. or about $350.
000.000. The. Treasury has a gold reserve larger
than for several years, and the amount of
gold coined Is a trifle more than 30 per cent of
the total stock in the country. This gold will
be swelled by further arrivals from Europe
and Australia; so far as the amount of money
Is concerned, there Is no danger .of stringency.
The danger is of a sufficiently larße war scare
to induce general hoarding, and this, the best
judges do .not believe can be brought about
by a war with Spain. For that reason they
are confident that there can be no real strin
gency in money; although they look for higher
rates than have been prevailing.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Peru took out a treasure list of SS3,r>2ft.
consisting of $10,113 In Mexican dollars. $1705
in gold coin, $66,000 in silver bullion and $5700
in Chilean pesos.
RECEIPTS OF WINE AND BRANDT.
P.pcripts of wine and brandy at this port
during thf> first three months of th» year
were ns follows, compared with the same time
in IW7: Wln<». 4.3*7/'f>o pallons, ngainst 2.527,
000; brandy, 53.00U pallon?. ajainst 06,440.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and hundr»dths during the , ast twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, 'equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear cm thp Washington -?oast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is* probable;
but ■when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
markf-ci curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm
probabt*. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. April 12, 6 p. m.
Following are* the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 21 »7 47.66
Red Bluff 0 12.30 23.88
Sacramento 0 8.87 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.56
Fresno 0 4.01 10. 82
San Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
Ix>B Angeles 0 6.26 16.74
Pan Diego 0 4.10 11. 06
Yuma Trace 1.65 5.35
] San Franofsco temperature: Maximum, 77;
minimum, 61; mean, 69.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over Washington and Vancouver
Island. The area of high pressure which was
central last night over Washington has moved
Houtlieaetward and to-night overlies Southern
Idaho, Wyoming and Utah.
The temperature has risen in the Interior of
California north of San Francisco anj ovor
all of the State south of San Francisco. The
temperatures in the great valleys and in
Southern California are 20 degrees above the
normal.
A maximum temperature of 86. R degrees oc
curred at San Francisco. The highest April
terr.i'iTdture was SS degrees, on April 14. 1888.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the north la reported at Yumg.
A trace of rain fell at Yuma.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. April 13. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; cod
er; fog along the coast; southwesterly wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; colder
along the coast; westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair WedneFday; colder north.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona— Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day; colder in the afternoon and night, with
fog* fre«h westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 18^8.
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind north 2 miles; tem
perature, 77; maximum temperature, 79.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS. '
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 12.— T0-day's stock mar- j
ket was listless and the movement of prices
exceedingly sluggish. Heaviness was th 2 pre
vailing tone, however, and the net results are :
In nearly all capes 'losses. It la evident that
the prevailing sentiment in Wall street is not ,
hopeful. Doubt and uncertainty -prevailed in
all quarters and reports ." from ,-, European
bourses indicated the same .uncertain feeling
In every market in the world as to the out
come of the controversy between ( the United
States and Spain. If transactions in a few
speculative leaders were taken out of to-day's
market the dimensions of trading would appear
almost ludicrously small. Even such specu
lative favorites as the Grangers showed com
parative apathy.. There was a -movement in
tobacco which carried the price up nearly 7
points, the motive being the rationed settle
ment of the controversy in the. trade of the
plug tobacco. The advance in price was also |
said to be directed against, an outstanding
short Interest. There was large buying of the
company's scrip also and a resulting rise of
4 per cent in Its price. I Rubber preferred was
lifted 3 points on very limited transactions. In
the railroad list Northwest was the only i
prominent stock which showed a gain, though \
Rock ' Island was at one time a shade above j
yesterday's closing. Opening prices here were
not as low as the London parity and there was !
dealing In consequence for arbitrage account.
The market showed a slight degree of anima
tion in the first hour on buying, attributed to
Washington. The bull theory was that differ
ences In Congress would beget delay and that j
delay added to the chances of peaceful ! set- j
tlement. The volume of the buying was not
Impressive and it had almost, ceased . before I
noon. For the,, rest of the day the market
was to all Intents and purposes lifeless and
the closing sales were the lowest of the day.
The bond market was "intensely dull and
showed slight recoveries -In some cases from ,
early weakness. Total sales, $SOO,OOO.
United States 4s advanced Vi In the bid
price. Government bonds otherwise were un
changed. . * -  - ■•■■
Total sales of stock to-day were 210.700
shares, including: 17,140 Burlington, 6240
Louisville and Nashville. 7353 Manhattan, 4350
Northern Pacific preferred, 14,575 St. Paul,
23.555 Union Pacific, 55,621 American Tobacco,
39,665 American Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison ..'...:.... 11% St P & Om 65%
Do. pref 26 Do pref ......... 145
Baltimore & Ohio 17 St PM & M 130
Canada Pacific ... SO% So Pacific 13 <
Canada Southern. 47 So Railway 7%
Cent Pacific 11% Do pref ..;..... 26%
Ches & Ohio 19 Texas & Pacific. 10>4
Chi & Alton 154 Union Pacific .... 63% ;
Chi B & Q 93% U I* D &. G...... 6% I
Chi & E' 111 61% Wabash 6
C C C & St L.... 28 Do pref 15H
Do pref 78% Wheel & L E 1%
Del & Hudson ... ICOVj Do pref 9
Del L & W H4Vi Express Companies-
Den & it G 10» f Adams Ex 100
Do pref 435.. American Ex — 120
Erie (new) 12 United States .... 38,-
Do Ist pref .... 32% Wells : Fargo ..... 115
Ft Wayne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref ....: 147 A Cot Oil 17
Hocking Valley .. 5% Do pref 68 i
Illinois Cent 100 Amn Spirits .. 9
Lake Erie & W... 13% Do pr<*f 21
Do pref 70 Am Tobacc 109%
lake Shore ISO Do pref 117
Louis & Nash.... 50% People's Gas ..... 92%
Manhattan L ' 97% Cons (..as .... 104
Met St Ry 140% Com Cable C 0.... 150
Mich Cent ....... 105 Col F & 1r0n..... 108
Minn & St L 24% Do oref 90
Do Ist pref .... 80 Gen Electric . 324
Mo Pacific 27Vi Illinois Steel .....: 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Laclede Gas 40 ;
Mo X & T 10% Lead 30%
Do pref. 33 Do pref 103 Vi
Chi Ind & L ..••■ 7 Nat Lin OH l'%
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 26% :
N J Central 92 Pacific Mall 24i =
N V Central .... 111% Pullman Pal 172% |
N V Chi & S L.. 12% Silver Cert 55%
DO Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T.... 4 i
Do Id pref .... 29 Sugar 119% i
Nor West 12% Do pref ........ 107% :
No Amer Co 5% T C & Iron 20% j
No Pacific 23% U S LeatheT ..... 5% i
Do pref 6SV4 Do prof .. .. 57%
Ontario & W 14% U S Rubber 16%
Or R & Nay 43% Do pref 67
Or Short Line.... 28 Went Union ..... S6*i I
Plttsburg 16* C & N W 119U !
Reading 16% Do pref 172% '
Do Ist pref .... 3"% St L A B W...... 4% !
Rock Island . S6 » Do pref ........ 9 i
St L & S F 6% R O W 23 ;
Do Ist nref .... 56 1 -. -Do nref M
Do 2d pref .... 26% C O W 10%
St Paul S!f,, Haw Com C 0.... 20 |
Do pref ........ 142 I
. • CLOSING BONDS.
0S 4s reg coup.. 121*4 Do is 102
U. 3 4s 10914 No Pac 15tf1...... 113
Do coup 110% Do 3s 59"4
Do ids 97 Do 4s '.- 93
US 5s reg 111% N* V C & E L 4s'.. 101%
Do 08 coup 111% Nor & W 65....... 118 .
District 3.t">B ..... 114 North wstrn cons. 143
Ala class A ...... 105,4 Do deb 5s ... 116
Do B 105 O Nay 15t5.:..'... 115
Do C 95 O Nay 4s ......... 92
Do Currency ... 95 OS Lnie Os tr 120 ■■ I
Atchison 4s 8S%;O B Line 5s tr.... 99%
Do adj 4s 59 O Imp lsts tr.... 106
Can So 2ds 106 Do Es tr 54
Chi Term 4s 82 Pacific 6s of .95... 103
C & Ohio 55...... 113% Reading 4s 80%
C H & D 4%5.... 104% R G W 15t5....... SI /
I) & R G lsts.... 108 S L & I M C 55.. SS
D RO 4s 89% SL& SF G 65.. 115 ;
East Term lsts... 103% St P Con 141
Erie Gen 4s 69% St PC & P lsts.. 117
F W & I) lsts tr. 68 \JO 58 115
Gen Elec 5s 101 So Ry 5s ......... 90%
G H & S A 65.... 102 Stand R & T 65.. BS
Do 2ds .... 103 Term new set 3s. 85
H & T C 5s 112 T& P L G lsts.. 99
Do con 65... 103 Do Rg 2ds. 31
lowa C lsts 99 U p D & G lsts.. .14%
La new cons 45.. 97% Wab Ist 5s 101 -
L & N Unl 45.... £6 Do 2ds 76
Missouri Os 100 W Shore 4s lOSVi j
M X & T 2ds 60 Va Centuries .... 67%
Do 4s 87 Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts.. 114 UP pref 53%
N Carolina Ci .... 122J4 U P 4s 91% I
- -,:';.■ MINING STOCKS.
Chollar . :..' 40 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 15 Ophir to j
Con Cal & Va... 9."i Plymouth •12 |
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... IS Do pref .. 200 j
Hale & Norcross. 90 Sierra Nevada.... 1 25 ,
Homestake 37 00 Standard 1 60
Iron Silver ... 33 Union Con ........ 32 |
Mexican 30 Yellow Jacket ... 15 j
BOSTON.
BOSTON. April 12— Atchison. 11%: Bell Tele
phone, 253; Burlington, !>3<4 ; Mexican Central,
4%; Oregon Short Line, 29%.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 12.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram: The stock mar
kets here were stagnant to-day, business being
scarcely resumed after the holidays. Such
speculative position as existed had been ad
justed previous to the Easter holidays, and
there was no inclination to reopen commit
ments pending developments. The apparent
reason why prices here were slightly under
those at New York. Is that there is no bear
account hero, whereas it Is believed one ex
ists in New York. Americans were sold a little
from the Continent. Brazils were flat on a
further fall in exchange.
CIX)RE.
Canadian Pacific. 83Vi; Grand Trunk, 8. Bar
Mlvir. steady, 2a%<l per ounce. Money, 2»i 3
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW TORK, April 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
32.004 barrels; exports, 15,177 barrels; quiet but
firm and held higher.
WHEAT— Receipts, 51,800 bushels; exports,
155,664 bushels; spot strong; No. 2 red, $1 06'^
f. o. b. afloat spot. Options opened weak under
disappointing cables, r but speedily developed
strength, which they held all day. closing %©
IVic higher; No. 2 red May, $1 01%@l 03, closed
at $1 03. :.-■-'
HOPS— Steady: Pacific Coast. W5 crop, 4
sc: 1896 crop.7@9c; 1597 crop, 15@17c. • ■ ■'■-
WOOL— ■ -
PETROLEUM— DuII. "• , .. . -.. . .
METALS— Aside \ from Copper, which has
shown a decided turn for the better, the local
market ruled dull and • featureless. The metal
exchange calls: - .', .• .;-. ■"•■ ■: , ...
PIG IRON— Warrants at the close dull and
unchanged, with $6 Co bid and $6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— firm, with buyers at
TlN— Quiet, with $14' 35 bid and $14 45 asked
- SPELTER— Firm, with $4 25 » bid and $4 35
asked." ■ ■ ;■■ \ ■ '.-"■ : "...-••■■.• . ■■-. ■ ■
LEAD— Steady, $3 65 bid. $3 70 asked. Lead
Is still .quoted at $3 DO. by the firm fixing the
1 settling . price . for miners . and smelters In the
! West. ■■■:-■. ■■ •■ ■ . ■. . •■
I COFFEE— Options closed barely steady. with
j April unchanged, I other months 5010 points | net
I lower. Sales. 8250 baps, including: i May at
Iss 65@5 75. Spot Coffee— Rio easy: No. - 7 in
voice. (14c; No. 7 jobbing, 7c. : Mild, steady-
Cordova, SV4@lsc. ,■ :^~-.' ,..-,
SUGAR— Raw, steady; •, fair ,". refining, . 3%c:
centrifugal,. 96 test,'4Ho. Refined, -steady. ••-.
BUTTER— Receipts," 9334 " packages ; . weak-
Western creamery, 17@21c; Elglns, 21c; factory
12V4@lCc. ...-•■. r.- ■>■:,: ,■■,-. .-' .« .-,■•;;
EGGS— Receipts, 17,749 packages; steady:
Western, lO^c;. Southern, 9&(g9%c. :, :
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April 12.— California dried
fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s@7^c;
prime wire tray. 8c; wood dried, prime, Sfcc;
choice, BHc; Tancy. 9@9V4c.
PRt.NER-3'i@7Sic.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, s\i<3~c; Moorpark, t%@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 6@Bc; peeled, 11014 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 12.— The Government crop
report, showing a condition of 86, compared
with 81.5 last year, was responsible in the main
for the eaßy feeling which marked the opening
in wheat. The report did not estimate the area
planted, but It Is generally believed to be larger
than last year and the comparatively high con
dition figures caused quite a little scattered
liquidation at first. Another bearish factor
was the perficl weather prevailing in the win
ter wheat country. Opening: trades In July
ranged from 83% to S3%c, compared with yes
terday's closing prices of 83T B e. For a brief
tlmt the market held around these figures.
Then the firm Northwest markets, light re
ceipts in that section and liberal commission
house buying caused a hardening of prlees and
a slow pdvanee, which was continued for
nearly two hours. Before 11:30 o'clock the
market had advanced to 84% c. This was close
to "call" prices, and selling against the privi
leges, coupled with considerable liquidation,
sent July back to 54%0. Before noon the mar
ket began to recover. The advance was slow,
however, until reports from California, even
more sensational than those received yester
day, came in. Large exporters of wheat in
San Francisco said there was to be no further
exports from there for fifteen months and a
Chicago firm had sold for It In San Fran
cisco December wheat at a price 2%c per
bushel over yesterday. The weather in Cali
fornia was still unfavorable, with no prospects
of relief. Kansas also complained of drought.
The market after the nodn hour rapidly grew
strong. Besides the support received from the
California news the market was akled by the
enormous continental demand for cargoes, Liv
erpool and Paris advices both stating that
7,200,000 bushels had been sold last week. The
last hour of trading was quite active, buying
being general and heavy and prices advanced
sharply. The strength was maintained to the
close. July finally advancing to Ss%c and clos
ing firm at Ss%iSSs*ic.
The strength <H wheat overshadowed every
thing else In corn and drove shorts to cover.
May closed a phajie higher.
Oats were steady for May, but trade was
slow and nf professional character. May
closed He higher.
Provisions were very. dull. Packers did mo?t
of the business and dealt only In small lots.
The feeling was steady, with fluctuations nar
row in all products. At the close May pork
was Be lower. May lard unchanged and May
ribs 22 I*c1 *c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles—. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat" No. 2—
May ...... :...V..V.:.106 :. 1 07". 106 .107
July 53% - 85% 53% 85%
September,,.. 76% 77% 76% 77%
December 77 ' 77"i 77 77"4
Corn No. 2—
May '.. 29% 29% 29%' 29%
July .";.. ....". 888 31% . 30% 31 ■
September 31 . 32V4 31% . 32%
■ Oats No. 2—2 — .
May :..... 25% 25% 25% 25%
July .....23 23% •, 23 23%
Mess Pork, per»bbl— • ■-
May 9 SO 9 85 9 75 9 75 .
July ,'..9 90 \ 990 985 955 .
Lard, per 100 rbs—
May 515 5 17% 615 6 15%
July 5 22% 625 5 22% 625
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— :,:>,.>;.:
May ",17% 6 17% 615 515
July. 525 5 27% 5 22% 5 22%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat. 90W99cJ No. 2 red,
$1 05%(f?l 06; No. 2 corn, 29%g30c; No. 2 oats,
25%@26c; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 29%0; No. 3
white, f. o. b., 2s<<72ric; No. 2 rye, 52c; No. 2
barley, f. o. b., 85@40c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 22%;
prime timothy seed. $2 75(g"2 SO; mess pork, per
bbl. $9 ?5@9 SO: lard, per 100 tt>s. $S 15; short
rlhs sides I loose), %'• 05@fi 35; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed). $4 7.J!54 87%; short clear sides
(boxed), SS 60®5 56; whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per pal. t\ 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 11.000 11000
Wheat, bush 48,000 45.000
Corn, bush 315.000 765 000
Oats, bush 2PO,<W) SS'/rtiO
Rye. bush 51.000. 35,000
Barley, bush 20.000 . 28.000
On the Produce Exchange: to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, 15<n°0c- dairies
H@lSc. Cheese. S@S'ic .Eggs, firm; fresh, 9c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.'
Minneapolis 61,420 32 760
Duluth .:.... 72.010 6.-.0
Milwaukee ;. 24,050 ' /' got)
Chicago .........'.". 47.885 ■ '451.323
Toledo ..„. 12.520 M . 4,100
St. Louis 11.000 ■ . 3.000
Detroit 1,030 " 1.010
: Kansas City 17,000 ■ 9,500
Totals 244.515 503,143
i Tidewater—
j Boston 32.079 .......
1 New York 51,800 195,654
! Philadelphia 2.453 1 802
Baltimore 49.369' .......
New Orleans 32,000
Galveston 9,900
Totals 145,981 ' 229,446
PARIS FUTURES. ,-.-■■
Wheat— . April. May.
1 Opening 6340 6155
Closing :.. 63 60. 6180
■ Flour— ; •
I Opening ........29 10 18 35
1 Closing .: 29 25 28 50
LIVERPOOL WHEAT. FUTURES.
..■ • May. July. Sept. Dec.
I Opening 7 6% .1 3\i
Closing ...;....-..... 7 7% 7 3% 6 7% . 6 6%
- EASTBRN LIVESTOCK MARKET/: *
CHICAGO, April 12.— CATTLE-Sales were
on a basis of $3 90$>4 25 for the commonest
<iresse<l beef steers up to $5 25Q5 50 tor choice
to extra fine shipping cattle; fed Westerns,
S3 00©5 in, largely $4 4504 80; Texas feeders,
Jo sfi'u4 r,ii; choice calves, S5 75JT6.
HOGS— Largely 2%c higher; bulk of the sales
S3 '.v'iH; common heavy packer hogs, $3 75fj)
3 90. and prime light weights at S3 95.
LAMBS— Were only fairly active at %i 50@
$5 for s'.iorn and $o EOOS 70 for wooled flocks
wooled Colorados selling at S"> W©B 70. Sheep
sold slowly at weak prices. They were mostly
shorn and sold at S4 10ii4 50. a fpw culls going
for ii r r.?, 7r,;7 r ,; wooleU sheep, {4 COfcM SO.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 16,000; sheep,
9000.
. OMAHA.
OMAHA, April 12.— CATTLE— Receipts. 5400.
Market steady. Native beef steers, $4&.", ; West
ern steers, {3 SO|J?4 70; Texas steers, $3 25©4 35;
cows and heifers strong, S3 25@4 30; canners.
$2 25ii13: stackers and feeders, S3 80@6; calves
$4ig6 75; bulls' and stags. $2 50<f?3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 6500. Market easy. Heavy.
$3 lam SO: mixed. J3 70i?j3 72; light, "$3 65@3 75;
bulk of sales, *3 -70ig"3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market steady.; Fair
to choice natives, $3 80<5>4 fO; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 70@4 70; common and stock sheet)
53&4; lambs, 54 50©5 70. .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April 12.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, . 8400 natives. Market active. Dressed
beef steers, $4 35(ff4 IS; Western fed steers. $4 10
<£?4 45; native cows and heifers. 5357-4 75: West-,
ems. $3^4 30; stockers and feeders, steady 13 75
OS 35. - . .
Receipts, 18,200. Market opened easier
and closed strong. Bulk of sales, $3 60©3 75
heavies, $3 60©3 SO; mixed, $3'85®3 77%- lights
$3 M>©3 65; pigs, $3 25@3 60.
SHEEP — Receipts, 6000. Market active,
steady. Western sheep, $3 75(i54 75; Western
lambs, $4 85@5 40; yearlings. H 75<g>5. .
DENVER. - .
DENVER, April 12.— Receipts, 100. Market
steady. Beef steers. {3 20<H4 To; cows, $2 7f>fj>
$3 75; feeders, freight paid to river, $4fa4 40;
stockers do, $4@4 M; bulls and stags, etc $2
HOGS— Receipts. 700. Market steady to firm.
Light packers. $3 70@3 75; mixed, S3 6503 70'
heavy. $3 60<ti3 75. W
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
DRIED FRUIT IN THE EAST.
NE^ YORK. April 12.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The situation in the dried fruit
market, so far at least as California goods are
concerned, seems to be very firm. The consum
ing demand has been stimulated by the pros
pect of an advance, and In spite of the unset
tled present situation some of the larger local
handlers of California products report more
movement than for weeks paKt. The demand,
It is stated, Is based on the prospect of a very
short crop this year. Recent advices from
Philadelphia state that there Is nothing left
there, Chicago having bought up all of its sur
plus. Chicago as well as Philadelphia has been
a buyer here during the past week or two as
prices quoted on the spot were as low as a
similar quality of goods could be bought at on
the coast. New York holders, however, are
looking for better prices and are not at all
anxious to sell. Good Peaches are scarce and
firm on spot, and in all positions for that mat
ter. The coming crop promisee, according to
latest advices from the coast, to be small, but
consumers seem to be Indifferent. There are
no large buyers In the market, and the current
wants of the consumption appear to be light,
but these are firm In their views. The Prune
market Is somewhat unsettled.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 12.— Consols, m l-ig; Silver,
25% d; French rentes, 103f 2Hc
LIVERPOOL, April 12.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California, 39s 6d; cargoes off
coast, firm; cargoes on passage, firm; English
country markets, generally 6<l dearer: French
country markets, quiet: Liverpool Wheat No
1 California. 7s 10<l; Wheat in Paris, 'firm;
Flour in Paris, firm: quantity Wheat and
Flour on passage to U. X., 3,150,000; quantity
Whent and Flour on passage to Continent 1,-
S20.000; Indian shipments of Wheat to U. X.,
21.000.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2. red Western winter,
steady, 7s SVjd; No. 1 red northern spring,
steady, Ss %d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, steady,
3s Slid; April, 3s 3V4d; May, 3s ftd; July, 3s
t%d.
Imports of wheat Into Liverpool for the
week from Atlantic ports, 51.200 qrs. ; from
Pacific ports. 25,000 qrs.; from, other ports,
35.000 qrs.
Imports of corn into Liverpool from Atlan
tic ports for the week, "700 qr».
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, April 12.— Special cablegram
and telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's, cov
ering the principal points of accumulation, In
dicate the following changes in available sup
plies last Saturday, as compared with the pre
ceding Saturday:
WHE AT— United States and Canada, east of
Rocky Mountains, decrease 324.000; afloat for
and in Europe, Increase, 1,800,000 bushels ;
world's supply, net increase. 1,478,000.
CORN— United States and Canada, east of
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 2,647,000 bushels.
OATS— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 5,515,000 bushel*.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 12.— The general features of
the wool market remain unchanged. The prices .
of wool under prese r.dltlons are entirely
1 nominal, bin not enough actual business it
being- transacted to establish prices. Quota
tions:
Territory wools— Montana fine medium and ■
ftr leg'lSc; scoured. 4fiJ?4Sc: staple, 50c: Wy- i
oming, etc.. fine medium- and line, 15"g17c;
scoured, 455547 c; staple. 50e.
Australian— Scoured basis, combing good, 65
<S6Sc: combing superfine, 70<g»72c; combing, 60®
65c; Queensland combing. 65c.
CASH IX THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April IJ.-To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shews:
Available cash balance, $226,347,786; sold re
serve, $175,562.034. _
COTTON MARKET.
NEW TORK, April U.— COTTON— DuII;
middling, 7 2-l6c.
NEW ORLEANS, April 12.— COTTON— Quiet
and steady; middling, 5 9-16 c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April 12. -Exchanges, $338,602;
balances, $49,562.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, April 12— The local wheat mar
ket Is very firm and still more irregular with a
wider range of pricf than has "rivalled before
this season. Walla Walla is quoted at Sic and
valley and bluestem at 84c with a cent or two
more paid occasionally for something fancy.
Cleared— British bark Puritan, for Queens
town, with 130,730 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 12.— Wheat s ady; club, Sic;
bluestem, S4c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE A. "* BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — J4 Sl%
Sterling, Exchanr^ 60 days — 4 84V5
Sterling Cables — 4 S5
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55Ts
Mexican Dollars 46 <C%
WHEAT AJJD OHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are entirely n-minal at
about 20s asked r the usual voyage, as the
dry weather and short crop prospects do not
extend much hope of a large demand for ton
nage this season. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 11,700, against
2PUO tons on the same date last year; disengag
ed. 9500 tons, against 53, 500; on the way to this
port, 215,300 tons, a ainst 248,150.
WHEAT— The Hutton Hall takes for Cork
70,313 ctls, valued at $10."i,400.
The market continues at sea. It is so far
above the foreign • •'* that shipping is out
of the question. The only buyers are the mil
lers and other local consumers. The crop is
suffering irom the dry weather, and the usual
exportable surplus grows smaller day by day.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 57'-s<ij>
1 60 for Xo. l, $1 62V 2 for choice and Jl 60®
1 67V4 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
4000 ctls, $1 ■ 66%; ■ 4000, $1.5614: 10,000, $1 66%:
10.000, Jl 57; 6000, $1 56; 6000, $1 55? i; 2000, $1 56>4;
12,000, Jl 56%. May— $1 59: 4000, $1 60. -
Second session — December — 2000 ctls, |1 66%;
4000, |1 55%; 2000, $1 55%; 4000, $1 55%.
Regular morning session— December — 4000 tls,
11 Soft; 6000, Jl 66%; . 2000, $1 56: 2000, $1 56%;
10.000, Jl 5694: 10,000. $1 65^; 12,000, 11 55%; 10,
000. $1 55%; 2000, Jl 55%. 'May— 2ooo. $1 57; 4000,
Jl 55%. '.-...
• fternoon session— December— Booo ctls, $1 56;
2000. Jl 55%; 8000, $1 55%; 32,000, Jl 55%; 18,000,
sat. ... , ■■ . :•• ■ ■ ■• ■• ■ ■
BARLEY— The market was firm at Monday's
advance, with a fair demand. Futures, how
ever, were easier. ' .
Feed, $1 40@l 45; Brewing, nominal. - :
CALL BOARD SALES. . -.- .;
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, Jl 35%; 2000, $1 39; 4000, Jl 39U; 2000,
fl ' 4. . ..'.'.
Sjcnd session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 40%;
4000. $1 40; 6000, $1 39%; 6000, « 39^. . .
Regular morr^ng session— 6ooo ctls,
Jl 39; 4000, $1 88%; 6000, $1 38%; 8000, Jl 38*4. .
• Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
Jl 38%: 2000. $1 88%. ■■
OATS— Another advanc is noted. The market
Is very stiff.
Fancy Feed. $1 40@l 42>-i per ctl; good to
choice, $1 3"m.01 40; common, $1 27'A(g)l 35;
Surprise, $1 S7%©l 42U; gray, Jl 30 SI 32%; mil
ling. $1 35ijri 40 per ctl. .
CORN— Quotations show considerable change.
.The • feeling is firm as a rule, though there Is
no "special" activity. ' i' 7 ' !«..
Small round yellow, <$1~-15<3T 20 per ctl; large
yellow. $1 12'j((jl 15; white. $1 lo@l 17%.
RYE— Up again, at $1 40 per ctl. . ' X
BUCKWHEAT-Strong at $1 9002. •' r '
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS. ■ ' ..
Quotations for all descriptions are very firm
and further advances are likely, especially if
the dry weather keeps on.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 25®5 35; Bakers'
Extras, $5@5 10 per bbl.
MILLSTt'FFS— Prices In sacks are b.-j fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, *3 2.": Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 2,".:
Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, J4ig,4 25;
Cracked Whent. $3 75; Farina. $4 75: Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80;
5J6 20; in sacks, $5 60@6: Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
hay and Feedstuffs.
Another dollar was tacked on to most kinds
of Hay yesterday, and even now some dealers
consider the quotations given below under the
real market. There Is no knowing where Hay
will go to now, for there Is not much In sight
anywhere, either in warehouse or growing In
the field.
No further change in Feedstuffs is reported.
BRAN— J2O-S2l per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2.I«r 2S 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley. $30^31 per
ton: Oilcnke Meal at the mill. $2S 50629 .V);
jobbing, $3'V, Cocoanut Cake, J2l .*<Vff22 SO; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S<Ji3O per ton; Corniueal, $24;
Cracked Corn. $24*i25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $21<3>
25; Wheat and Oat. $20<i/24; Oat, $IS<ST2I; Barley.
H80S1; compressed Wheat, $21(??25: compressed
Oat, JIS<S2I: Alfalfa, 114@16 25; stock, $13'tfl5;
Clover, $14® 15.
STRAW— 4S©SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are very firm, but no further advance
is reported. Seeds range about the same.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80-52 95; Small Whites,
$1 50@l 60; Large White*, $1 50@l 60; Pinks,
12 50@2 65; Reds, $2 25: Blackeye. $2 80@2 90;
Butters. $1 40@l 60; Llmas, S2 35@2 40; Pea,
$1 60@l 65; Red Kidneys, $2<rf2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2^3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $3<5J3 15: Flax, $2 35; Canary Seed,
IH©H4« P er lb : Alfaira, 3W6c; Rape, 2^iQ:2^c:
Hemp 2»i(53c: Timothy, 4 c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60®l S5; Green, $1 75
Q2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions show no change worthy
of note. Green Peas and Rhubarb are in heavy
supply and weak.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 30ST35C: River Reds,
60®60c; River Burbanks* f>*g6Oc per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 65(?j85c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
(gTOc per sack; Sweet Potatoes, 75c(g$l 10 for
Merced: new Potatoes, l@2c per Ib.
ONlONS— Choice. $2 50(52 S5; common. $1 75@
J! 25 per ctl: cut Onions, 50c@$l 25 per sack; Ne
varlas, $2 85.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1234 boxes As
paragus, 667 boxes Rhubarb and 73S sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for fancy, Jl 25® 1 75 per box
for No. 1, 7BcSsl for No. 2; Rhubarb, 2jff7sc
per box for small to good and Ssc<<?sl for -extra
choice: Alameda Green Peas, l<ji@2c per lb;
Dried Peppers. G@7c per lb; Dried Okra, 12Vbc:
Cabbage, 6f>@7r.o per ctl: Carrots. 25@60c per
sack; Garllo. S@loc per lb; Cuoumhers, 40cig'$l
per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 76<£2 per box;
Los Angeles. J2 50.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES-
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12^ per lb in lots of 25
lbs: sliced desiccated, 16fil8c: granulated raw,
I.V; -Onions". 60c: Carrots, old, 43c; new, lSc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market is rather * weaker for ', some _ ; de
scriptions, 1 owing to the free receipts from the
East. ' The Eastern stock is selling at IS.C for
Turkeys, $s', for > Ducks, $6@6 SO for Hens and
$4 60 for' old Roosters. V- . - ■ . *
: POULTRY— Live Turkeys, '•■ ll@12c" for ' Gob
blers, and 12@13c for Hens; dressed Turkeys
are out; Geese, per pair, . $1 25@1 50; Goslings,'
12@2 BO; ' Ducks. $4@5 for old v and ;; ' $6<?S for
young; Hens, $4@»: Roosters, young, $7 50@S SO;
Roosters, old. ?3T5@4: Fryers. $6 60©7; " Broil
ers $5@5 50 for large. $2 50©3 50 for small: Pig
eons. $1 75(32. per , dozen for young and. $1 25@
150 for old". ■ • " : .'• ; : ' ''■ ' .-' - • • •
■ GAME— Nominal..: " ■-■' ■'■■ ■■•. ' " - ' ■;:
. '"■ . BUTTER ( CHEESE ' AND EGGS. . . , ■; ,.
Prices are stationary. : Eggs are steady t and
dairy Butter Is firm, while creamery is ' weak:
; BUTTER— ■ ;/. . ', '}';'-■■- .-"<•' '■sl-'C
Q Creamery— ' creameries,- '-lS^^Wc; sec
onds. :16^<ffl7V4c.- -- ; •■ ■;.*;:- r : : ; . './''■'■ '■ ■ ;,': { " * '. •: r
- ' Dairy — Choice " : to : fancy, * 17©18 c; - ■ second
grades, 14©16 c per lb. : '■-■ ■./.•.;- ;;:^- --'- r
- Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16%c;
ladle-packed, per Ib. : '-" : - .'. ;
:S CHEESE— Choice -mild new, 9@loc; common
to i- ; good, *7i4@BV4c: '^ Cream Cheddar, '10@llc;
Young America, 10011 c ;: Western, ll@12c; East
, ern .;Uiil9l2^c per lb.
■ ' ' EGps4-Rahch":Eggs, ISWI4'-^.c per dozen; store
E?gs,l2@l3c; Eastern, .l2*S@"l3Vic.'/ ' ; - .'.
DECIDUOUS AXD CITRUS FRUITS.
. Strawberries i are backward this year and re
ceipts continue light. Oranges and ' Lemons are
steady at .the quotations. There is 'an 'ample
■ ' supply of Limes.- > '..'-' . . .
: DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ■: "' : .''
. Strawberries. iio@7sc per drawer for large and
. 75c(jj$l for small berries. ■• ■ *•- f ,-*-,-■
Apples, 40#50c per box- for common, • 75e©$l
■ for pood to choice and $1 25@1 40 for fancy. «
! : CITRUS.. FRU. ITS— Navel Oranges. M 2:> ■■;: 50:
I Seedlings, 50c@tl; Lemons, oOc^Jl for common
I and $1 25@~2 for pood to choice; Mexican Limes,
■ $4»i4 50: -California Limes,- In small boxes. 49f(j
50c; Bananas, Jl 25@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
J3@4 per dozen. . ' -
DRIED FRUITS; NUTS, RAISINS, ETC. !
There .Is no further change to report. Honey
■is In ; quick demand, • owing, to the short crop
prospects, and the ■ East Is buying . freely, j The
demand fforr r Prunes, : Peaches and Apricots con
tinues to Improve slowly: Almonds. and Wal
• nuts are firm. ' •:. _ v • . '
; DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload' lots. 3«4@
,4y 4 c for 40-50' s, .3Vi®S^c'ror 50-60*. 2%#3Ucfor
: 60-70' s; 2^4@2%c for 70-Ws, 'l»ig2%c for SO-90's,
lU@l%c for 90-100' s; Peaches, S^oc; fancy, * SV&
@6c;' peeled, 10@12Hc; Apricots. s@6'4c for Roy
als and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorpark*;
Evaporated , Apples, 6V4S7c: jsun-dried, 4f(oc:
Black Figs. in sacks, 2(f2%e;' Plums, 4>lfl ? '4c
for pitted and I@IV6C " for unpltted;- bleached
r 'Plums, 5@5V.jC; Nectarines, : 4<§sc for , prime to
fancy; Pears, 2>4@4H>e tor quarters and Sg'aVic
for halves, according to color, etc. •
i RAISIN'S— I%©2c for two-crown, 3c for three
,' crown, 3^sc for four-crown. 4\ie for Seedless
, .Sultanas, 2?40 for Seedless Muscatels and $l!j}>
10 for London layers: dried Grapes, CVfcc.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
.Walnuts, 3^4c for hardshell and 451 6 c for soft
shell: Almonds, 3@4c for. hardshell, 6(3 7c- .for
softshel), , S^@fc for paper-shell: Peanuts,
4ig'sVsc for Fa-tern and 4%c for California; Pc
■ cans. , 6te<jTSc; - Filberts, S%@lOc; Brazil Nuts,
■ S@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, ogrioc for bright and ■ 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 554@6c;
light amber extracted, 4%i®54c per lb.
BEESWAX-24©26c.per lb. . . • . ; • •_. : j .» ■
PROVISIONS.
: The market Is slow again, at • unchanged
quotation*. •, • i( . ■ . -• ...■ •■• ■
■ CURED : MEATS— SVic per tt> for
heavy, 9%e for light medium. ' 10* 4 c for light,
lie ,for, extra light and 12^ac for sugar-cured;
, Eastern sugar-cured Hams, -^lO^i@llc; Califor
nia Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per- bbl; extra
Mess Beef. $10; Family Beef. Jll@12; Salt Pork.
J9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, slß; mess,
$16;, Smoked Beef, U@l2c per tb. ' •
. LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 515 c per lb
, ; for compound and 7c for pure; palls, ~%c;
, California tierceß, ; 2 c per lb for compound
and 6V4c for pure; half barrels, S»ic; 10-lb tins,
7V4C; 5-lb tins, Sc. •  . . • .
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6 7 ,i<!fSHc: packages.
. less. than 300 lbs— l-tb pails, 00 in a case, B%c:
3-tb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-tt> pails. 12 in a.
case, SV4e: 10-tb pails, fi in a case. B"V4c: &0-IT)
tins, 1 or 2 In a. case, 7 : >>ie; wooden, buckets, 10
'■ lbs net, 7"4 c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, ~%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 7V4c per. tb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
There are still no quotations for the new j
clip of Wool owing to the dullness of the I
market.
; Hops are altogether nominal.
Hides show no alteration.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and ; brands sell |
about lo under the quotations. ■ Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light,. 9c; Cowhides,
»c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c: Calf, 10c; dry
Hides ]6@l6V&c: culls and brands, 13@13Vic; I
dry Kip and Veal. 16@16&c: dry Calf. 18@2Oc; ]
culls, 16<317c; Goatskins, 30@37V4c" each; Kids, |
s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 2»<B'-30c per tb; ,
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, -20<g30c each; short wool, 40<§>70c each;
medium, "Off/ 90c; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each. .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3ig3<*c per 1b"; No.
2, 2<Ti2 l *;c; refined, sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
12@13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per It).
HOPS— crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and
S@loc for good; 1897 crop; ll@l4c per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. ,
Lamb is rather weaker. Hogs continue dull.
Otherwise there is nothing new.
Wholesale rates ; for dressed .; stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6%@7c; second quality, ',
5%@6c; third quality, 4@sc per IT).
VKAI/— 6@6%c; small, "ig>7%c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, BVa@9c per Ib.
LAMB — Spring. 9®loc per tb.
■ PORK— Live Hogs. 3-%©3% c for large and 4@>
4',4c for medium; stock Hogs, 2%@3c; dressed
Hogs, 6%@6&c. ■ ■ . - ■■ •■
; GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Baps, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, ?S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. $5 50; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and
$11 5d In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springe, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: Manila—
li-inch, 7%f; 12-thread. SUe; 6 and 9 thread,
S^c; bale rope, Sisal— lV;-inch. 6%c;
12-thread, lhi.c; 6 and 9 thread, 7%c; bal« rope.
6»4<g7^c. - . ■ ..-.., ....
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries quotable
at $1 25@i 50; White Cherries, $1 25@1 73;
Peaches and Pears. 90c®Jl 10; Apricots. 60<<?90c.
CANNED VEGETABLES — Peas, 70c@$l 25;
Tomatoes. 75c. ..•• . . ■
COFFEE— quote : Costa Rica. 16@17c for
prime washed. «13H@14c': for good ' washed, 16@
16% c for good to prime washed peaberry, 14@13c
for good peaberry, 12V4@14^c for good to prime,
ll@l2c for good current mixed with black
beans. 9@11%c for fair, s !4ffJ"V4c! 4ffJ"V4c for common
to ordinary: Salvador, 12@14c for good to prime
washed, lOifrll'Ac for fair washed, 14@15c for
good to. prime washed peaberry, B%©9Vic for
superior unwnFhed, 7%@Sc for. good green un
washed, 11H5?12c for good to priime unwashed
peaberry; Nicaragua. StffS^c for good to super-,
lor unwashed, im@Uc for good unwashed pea
berry; Guatemala and Mexican, 16%@18c--for
prime to fancy . washed. 13@15c for good to
strictly good washed, lls7l2Vic for fatr washed.
76*100 for medium, fifTfi^c for common to ordi
nary. ]sH@l6Hc for good to prime washed pea
bMTy.-11%<?12c for good unwashed peaberry, S®
9Vic for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles, per Ib, 3%c;
oases, selected, per Ib, , 4Hc; cases. imitation
Eastern, per Ib, 4»4c: boneless, per Ib, 6c;
strips, Norway, per Ib. 5V4c; strips. Narrow
Gauge, per Ib, r-v <P: strips. Silver King, per Ib,
6\»c: blocks. Clipper, per Ib. sc; blocks. Ori
ental, per Ib, !>?ie: blocks, Seabright. per Ib
6»ic: tablets. Crown Brand, per tb. "'-Jc- mid
dles. Golden State, per tb. We: middles. White
Seal, per dozen. R>ic; desiccated. Gilt Edtre, per
dozen. S<V: pickled cod. barrels. .- each, $B
pickled cod. half barrels, each, $4 50. ;
— California Castor Oil. cases, No. 1 fise:
barrel!". 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates)*
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled. 53c: do raw
file: cases. 6c more: Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels, Xc: No. 1. 45c: cases, 5c
more: China Nut, 4S@slc per gallon: Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, ROc: cases, C>c; No. 1, barrels. 50c;
cases. 55c: Sperm, crude. 60c: natural white.
SOc: bleached, do. Ssc: Whale Oil. natural
white. 4"c: blenched do. «c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house color*. $12.1®
185 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per
gallon. - - -. . ■ ■ • . . • . .
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.- 114c
per gallon: Pearl OH, In cases, 17c: Astral do.
17c; Star do. 17c; Extra Sta,r do. 21c: Elaine
do. 22c; Eocene do. 19c: Deodorized Stove
Gasoline. In bulk. ■ 12c; ' do 'In cas»s, 17'4c: 63
decree Naphtha, In .■bulk."-HV>c: ■■do In cases.
16>4c;- ■ M degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; do In
cases. 2."c. - ■ ••
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6<?l7c per lb. ■
TURPENTINE— In cases. 4!>c; in Iron bar
re's. ■ 44c: in wooden barrels. 46c per gallon. ••■
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 43c: do In cases, 4Sc;
raw. barrels, 41c: do cases, . 46c per ; gallon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, «*.- 16 07.., 7M<c: 14 oz.. 1 6Vic: 12
oz., B'^c: 1A oz.. 4>>£e. Paraf fine- Wax Candles—
Is. 2s. 4s. fis and 12s. white. 7%e: colored. S»4c.
QUICKSIT/VTCR— For export, $35 50, and for
local UPe. $39 no. per flask. •
- LEATHER— Harness, heavy, ■ 3<t<ra3."c per lb:
do medium. 2Sc: do ," ll?ht. ; : 26@27c: rough
medium, 2Sq: do liirht. ,2<i@27c: rouierh Leather.
22<i?23c: Kips. .. $4nfT4s per dozen: Calf, 90c(ft$l
per lb: rough splits," 7<7?Bc belt-knife ; splits',
10@12c: Collar leather, black, 104T12cper roof
do russet, .10@12c;., Skirting. .Leather, , 30@S3c
per lb. •_ .v- v • ■•._•* •>.'•.-•. ' .•;•■. ■ . .•
SUGAR—The .Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net : cash : Cube Crushed
and ' Fine Crushed. 6y4c: Powdered, fiHc; Dry,
Granulated. G»ic: Confectioners' A. B-'Jic: Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C, 5Mc« Golden C. sM>c;
Candy (Granulated. s>^c: California A, SUe per
lb: half barrels Vie- more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. ' ■> . - ..:.'. ■',
WOOD, Lt'MBKR, ETC.
POPTP— each for No.'l nnd'Sg'Sc for
No: 2: 'Redwood. $5 per cord;' • Oak, rough,
$6 504 peeled, $9: Pine. ,$5 75. .-•:•- : . .
T.rMRER — Retail - prices are "• nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes. $15©17:" extra
sizes, -higher. Redwood— • for - No. > 1;
I>ath, 4 feet. $2 40#2 50: Pickets, $20: Shingles,
$1 73 for common and' $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
$22@28. ■-•■. •■■-•--■' ' •-'■■ ' : ::-■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
Fcr Tuesday. April 12.
Flour, qr sks ... 12,72 r ' Wool, bales SfiG
Wheat, ctls 1.4(0 Pelts, bdls " 415
Barley, ctls 3,075 Hides, no US
Cheese, ctlß 42 Chicory, bbls ... 50
Butter, ctls 346|Efcgs,. doz. 17,6Ki
Potatoes, ska ... 1.943 ' Leather, rolls ... 144
Onions, sks 30(;|\Vine. gals 43.2H0
Bran, sks 1,050 1 Raisins, bxs 1,83.".
Hay, tons 140 ! Lime, bbls 120
ORKGON.
Wheat, ctls 1.040'
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.2001
Earthenware sleepers, the invention
of a Japanese, were recently experi
mented on at Shimbashi Station, Japan.
Fairly good results were obtained. It is
claimed that the increased cost of
earthenware sleepers is amply compen
sated by their freedom from decay.
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
. -. ■ ■ ■ c . i • ,
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey.
Times and heights of High and I/>»
■Waters -at- Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
. thority of the. Superintendent. :
NOTE— The hlph and ; low waters occur, at
the, city front <M!«=slon-str?et wharf) about
twenty-five minute* later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide -Is the »nme at both place*.
APRIL-ISUS
Wednesday, April 10.
Snn rues... ••• 6:88
Sun sets .....|J:4*
Moon rises 1:16 a.m.'
iH Wi L W H W T. W 1
18 4 :04
14 > 5:Ji'
L \V
15 .0:5$
16 2:00
it; 2:52;
1- 3:40 1
18 I 4 : 17 i
5.1 11:24 1 — 0.? .0:5?! 4.5)11:44 8.1
4.6 12:2: 0.0 1 7:44 , 4.9 .. . .....;
H W L \V H W
2 8 ii:4-.. t*\ lilt 0.3 S:20 6.2
2.1 .6:00 4.9 2:1* . 0.6 1 .8:50 1 i.4
1.5; 9:01 4.9j S:08 1.0 9:30 5.4
Oil 10:WJ 6.0: .>:4O 1.3 10:02 a.(J
0.5; 10:53 -6.0! 4:15 1.7 10:S2 6.1
| NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning .tides are riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the orCer of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column elves the. second tide of
thi <*«%-, the thlrc" time cMumn the third tide.*
«nd the last or right hand column (fives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thrto tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
(riven are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number Klven Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
leference It the nean of t' lower low wat-ir*.
STEAMKIIS TO ARRIVE.
MXX.
Venus .' China ana Japan........ Apr IS
North Font.... | 1um00itt...... ....... Apr H ■.
Burma N'analmo |AnrU
Santa Ron.v ! c nn Dleeo.. . | Apr IS
Oregon. .{ Portland I Apr IS.
AHet-Blanchnrd Seattle .• Apr 15;
Australia.. .",?.. | Seattle ! Apr
Coos Bay .... I Newport Apr IT
UmatUla... . I Victoria * Pua-et Sna Apr IT
Creseeni City.. Crescent CitT ........ Apr 17
Orizaba HumDolot ....AprH
\Ve«3«.. ...... i Humboldt.... Apr IS i
Pomona :Si!i Hmro Apr la
City of Rio China and Japan.... Apr la
Arcata. Coos Bay Apr 19
Newp0rt........ Panama ....'... Apr 19 -
State or C.-ii j Portland Apr2o
Homer Humboldi.... .... Apr 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
BTBAMDR.
ATION
Sa n.s.
tate of Cal
rcm.i. ..
uracao
oinona
'eeott
hlikat....
nzaba.. ..
itnoa
omer....
Maa
orpan Cy.
'alia Wlia
ortn For*
inia Rosa
Portland Apr 13. 10 Ay
Coos Bay Apr 13. 4 PM
Mexico Apr 13. 1U a.m
San Diesro Apr IS. 11 ax
Humboidt. ... Apr 18, i AM
Humboldt ... Apr 11. '.< am
HnmDoliU Apr 14.10 am
| Humboldt Apr 14. !t am
I Humboldt ... I Apr 15. !> AM
Chin.ulJapaii. Apr 15. 1 pm
I Alaska Apr lti, 4 m\
! Vie ft \-st Sti'J I Apr li. 10 A.M I
| Hiimboldt . .. j /\pr 17. HamJ
j-janUiefTO Apr IT. llAJi|
Portland Apr 13. tOAMj
Panama Apr 18,11 k|
Newport Apr lit. \> AM |
I Sydney Apr 20, 2 pm
Pier a
Pier 11
i»ier 11
Pier 11
Pier is
Pter 13
Pier »
Pif>r il"
pm sa
I Pier 1J
I Pier a
Pier i
I Pier 11
Pier 24
iPM SS
| Pier 11
Pier 7
Dlumbia.
ityof Para
oo» liav..
lani'-cla .
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroprraphlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
12, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
12ftth meridian, or exactly S p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. t. McMillan.
Assistant In charge.
shipping intelligence;
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 12.
Stmr Chilkat, 7 unham 6 days from Seattle,
via Coos Bay.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 6OMs hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson, 22 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Progreso, Gi;;>oy, 87 hours from Seat
tle.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes, 4 days from Na
naimo.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, 85 hcurs from
Tacoma.
Minr Empire, Nelson, 47 hou k -s from Coos
Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Nymans, 24 hours from
Finks Mill.
Schr Jennie Thelin, Hansen, 9 days from
Grays' Harbor.
CLEA-.ZD.
Tuesday, April 12.
Stmr Peru, Friele, Hongkong and Yokohama,
via Honolulu; P M S S Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir Sons A.- Co.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Bark Albert, Griffiths, Honolulu; William*.,
I Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 12.
Stmr Peru, Friele, Hongkong, via Honolulu
and Yokohama.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Tug Tyee, Bailey. Seattle.
Br ship Hutton Hull. Rowlands, Queenstown.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Roy Somers, Soiland, Klawack.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christewsen.
Schr Mildred. Kindlin, Seattle.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 12, 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, SK; velocity, 6 miles.
CHARTERS.
i The schr H. D. Bendixen loads lumber at
I Seattle lor Nieolaefski.
SPOKEN.
March 21— Lat 7 S, long 33 W, Br ship Glenel
van, from Card.-, for Victoria.
March M— Lat 3 N. long 36 W, Br bark Brus-
I sels, from Oregon, for yueenstown.
.March 24— Lat 3 N, long 26 W, Br ship Drum
craig, from Oregon for Queenstown.
March 26— Lat 20N. lons 23 W, Ger bark Mar
| co Polo, from Lucala. for San Francisco.
March 4— Lat 33 S. long 50 W. Br ship Sea-
I farer, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
' LONDON, April 11-Br nhip Wanderer, from
< Tacoma tfround second time at Dunkirk har
bor entrance. Will lighten cargo before at
tempting to float her.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 12— Stmr Exc«lsior,
from Copper River.
Sailed April U— Stmr Pasadena. _t. _
SEATTLE— Arrived April 12-Schr Bessie X,
from Alaska.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 12— Br
ship Comliebank. fr. ..i Tal Tal.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April U-Bt ship Orontes,
for Queenstown.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 12-13r ship Dovenby
GRAYS ~HARBOR— Arrived April 12— Schr
Maria E Smith, from San Pedro.
HUENEME-Safled April 13— Stmr Alcatrax,
for San Francisco.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed April 12— Bktn Northwest,
"GRAYS ' HARBOR— Arrived April 11— Schr
Zampa. from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG-Arrlved April 12-Stmr Co
qullle River, hence March 11; schr C H Mer
chant, from Newport.
TACOMA— Arrived April 9— Brig Tanner, hno
NEWPORT— Arrived April 12-Stmr Jewel.
l hence April 10.
KUREKA-Saile.l April K-Stmr Homer, for
I San Francisco; schr Lilliebonne. for Newport.
| PORT ANGEI.KS- Sailed April 12-S<.hr 3e
! April 12-Shlp Spartan,
hence March 30.
USAL— Sailed April 12-Stmr Newso^y, ffr
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April 12— Stmr Lanuna.
hence April 9: and reported Btmr Karl la K. henc«»
April 10 for Karluk, oft Point Gorda yesterday
j aiternoon all well.
' EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER-Passed Apr!]
11— Stmr Pennsylvania, from Philadelphia for
San Francisco.
. . FOREIGN PORTS. ■ . ;
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 12— Br stmr Gaelic
for San Francisco, via Honolulu. . .
SYDNEY— SaiIed 1 April Stmr ' Mariposa,
for San Francisco. • " ' ' '*'-
ST. NAZAlßE— Arrived April 6— Br Bhip.Lat*
imer, hence Nov 20. .- ' - 'v." w '
SWANSEA— April 2— ltal ship E Rag.
glo, for San Francisco.
CALLAO— Anril 12— ship Ravens
crag, from New What , - -V;C
HAVRE— Arrived April 9— Br ship Balclutha,
hence Nov 18: Br ship Halewood, from Ore
con; Br ship Haddon Hall, from Oregon; law
ship Hawaiian Isles, from Taooma. - ;-
SUNDERLAND— Arrived April B— Br ship
Alnsdale. from Port Los Angeles. ■
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 9— Ger ship Chile,
for Tyne; Br ship Sierra Nevada, for Dub
, HAMBURG— Sailed April 11— Ger ( ship Adolf,
"NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed April B— Br ship
Euphrates, for San Francisco. ■:;■■■'
■■'. QUKENSTOWN— Sailed April 11— Br ship
Dunsyre. for Hamburg. - _ ■
AUCKLAND— Arrived April B— Br stmr Anr
angl, from Vancouver. April 12— stmr Mo
ana, hence March 23. ;••■■
AUCKLAND— ? April 12— Br " stmr
Moana. hence March 23. U :" v
SYDNEY— ATrIved March $— Br stmr Aoranjri
from .Vancouver.
CORlNTO— Arrived March Schr Una,.hno
IPSWICH — Arrived April 11— Br ship • Bor
rowdale. hence Dec 1. ■ •
. DUNKlßK— Arrived April 12— Br ship Peleus
-LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 11— Ger brk ■ Paul
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed April 11— Ger brk Paul
Isenbere. for Honolulu. ■ ■•/* - " ,-
HAMBURG— Arrived April 11— Ger brk Adolf
from Oregon, and not as previously reported
as sailed for Oregon. - ■•: :■ . ' ■ "■'
. TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
■• NEW YORK— Sailed April < Stmr -.'Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, for Bremen; stmr •;> rr»
rlc. for Liverpool.- . :«...
BREMEN— April 11— Stmr "Brim
from New York. .
v ANTWERP— Arrived ■ April Stmr South
warK. from- New York. ; ...•..- .-. -. ■
. NEW YORK— April 3 Mir Victo
ria, - form Naples; stmr ' Ethiopia, from Glas
*ow. -'■■'- • ----■■- ■ -:':■ ■"■-•-.'■ ' •'* • - ■■■•"
1920
SOLDIERS
PREPARING
TO FIGHT
General Shafter and
General Dickinson
Confer.
Interview Takes Place
at Headquarters in
This City.
National Guard May Bo Sup
plied Immediately With
Field Artillery.
U, S. TROOPS ARE READY.
Mules, Wagons and Transportation
Outfit at the Prosldio Inspected
Yesterday.
Late j'osterday afternoon General W.
R. Shafter. U. S. A., commanding the
Department of California, exchanged
views with Major-v-ieneral John H. Dick
inson, division commander of the Na
tional Guard of California. The place of
meeting was at army headquarters In
the Phelan building.
The strength, equipment and general
value of the National Guard as a mili
tary organization constituted the chief
topics of discussion. The possibility of
privateers and small raiding expeditions
being organized to molest commerce and
defenseless communities on tne California
coast was considered.
General Shafter and General Dickinson
understand that the cities of Santa
Cruz, Monterey and Santa Barbara are
not protected by catteries. A swift-going
GEN. JOHN H. DICKINSON.
Spanish cruiser that could manage to |
obtain a supply of coal might enter any ;
of these ports and do considerable dam- ,
age before one of our cruisers could over- '
haul the enemy's vessel. Of course, it Is I
well understood that Spain's operations
on the Pacific in *his region would be \
limited by r<- i of the difficulty that
would be encountered in obtaining fuel, i
As a result of the conference yesterday, j
it is understood that Immediate steps will !
be taken to organize several batteries in j
the National Guard. Barring four troops >
of cavalry, the Naval Reserve and the I
Signal Corps, the National Guard of j
California consists of Infantry. The occa- j
sion now arises for the uso of artillery,
and measures will be taken at once to
supply ..^e troops with guns, caisson-,
ammunition and horses. One battery may
be Stationed at Santa Cruz, another at ;
Monterey and one at Santa Barbara.
After his interview with General Dick- i
Intson yesterday General Shafter said to j
a Call reporter that the Government j
could supply the State troops with the j
necessary guns and equipment for the !
organization of batteries 01 artillery. The j
general also remarked that there would !
be no obstacles in the way of supplying j
the infantry regiments of the National |
Guard with new guns of the Springfield i
type.
After the Interview General Dickinson
said that several batteries of artillery
would probably be organized In the Na
tional Guard. He remarked that Gen- j
eral Shaf ter had asked a good many ques- '
tioCs about the guard and the equipment |
of the troops.
No doubt the wires will be used imme
diately to get authority from Washing
ton to issue from the Benieia Arsenal to
the State troops such small arms and
field guns as may be required to effective
ly arm th<- organization. To hasten action
in the premises the assistance of Sen
ators "White and Perkins may be re- I
quested.
Before final action is taken. General
Dickinson, the division commander, will i
probably confer with Governor Budd and j
Adjutant-General Barrett. Should three i
batteries of artillery be required, it is
probable that one will be assigned to each
of the three existing brigades of the Na- I
tional Guard. The old Second Brigade of i
the guard, located in this city, had an
excellent light battery, but the expense j
of maintaining an armory and hiring
horses was more than the company could I
stand. The Sacramento brigade also had
a good light battery, but it was mustered
out when the National Guard was re-or
ganized, it now becomes necessary. In view
<>f the approaching conflict, to reafor*
that arm of the service. There wii.fbe
no difficulty in finding men fairly capable
who are willing to man the guns.
Doubtless the infantry regiments will
now be immediately supplied with ap
proved guns and a full line of ammuni
tion. The supply of tents is limited, but
the deficiency can bo made good by pur- i
chase In the open market. Blankets can '
also be purchased without delay. The i
troops are just receiving new uniforms |
from the appropriation made at the last
session of th<> Legislature. Should more j
overcoats be demanded they can be lead- j
lly purchased.
Governor Budd, the Attorney General
and the Secretary of §tate, or a majority i
of the three, may as a State Board of i-x- J
aminers, at any time authorize a deficien
cy to be created for the maintenance of
the guard, and thereupon money may be
drawn from the State treasury to supply
the troops Ith everything needed for an
active campaign in the Held.
In view of recent conferences and in the
light of impending operations it is rea
sonable to reckon that tne State troops
will be called into active service within
a short time. The Governor is in position
to supply the sinews of war and stands
ready to respond at once to a call from
the President to put the State troops in
the field.
The following special order was issued
yesterday :
Headquarters Department of
California.
San Francisco, Cal., )
April IS, I«O8.f
Under the provision* of A. R.
193 the Department Command
er, accompanied toy First L.ieu
tenant John I>. Itliley, Fifth
Artillery, aid, -will proceed to
Benicia Barracks, California,
for the purpose of making: an
Inspection thereat.
Upon completion of this duty
these officers will return to
Ihcir stations in this city. I'he
travel enjoined Is necessary for
the public service.
By command of Brigadier-
General Shafter.
J. B. BABCOCH,
Assistant Adjutant General.
The inspection at Benlcln
Barracks will take place next
Thursday.
Yesterday afternoon General "William
R. Shafter and First lieutenant John D.
ltlley, Fifth Artillery, aid and engineer
officer, inspected the transportation at the
Presidio. On their tour of inspection
they were accompanied by Colonel Evan
Miles, commanding the Presidio, and Cap
tain Charles B. Thompson, assistant
quartermaster at the post. They found
the 125 draft and pack mules in apparent
ly excellent condition, and the harness
and appurtenances all in good order. The
1 army conveyances, such as Dougherty
| wagons, ambulances, escort wagons and
carts, were all thoroughly inspected and
found to be in good repair, ready for field
service if necessary. The wagons were
parked on the parade plain.
After the inspection General Shatter re
marked that he had found everything in
good order. In fact, he expressed surprise
at the excellence and readiness of the
facilities for field service in the line of
transportation. As to the probable move
ment of troops he would not venture a
prediction. He simply said that tall the
troops at the Presidio were ready to take
the field.
Officers and enlisted men of the First
United States Infantry expect to be
orde|ed to the front at any hour. The
regiment is prepared to get aboard the
train at a.n hour's notice. Every item of
news from "Washington is eagerly
scanned. The battalion of the First In
fantry stationed at Benicia Barracks is
also ready to march.
THOMPSON SUCCEEDS GATES.
Central Pacific Stockholders Meet
but Make Only One Change
in Their Board.
The stockholders of the Central Pacific
held their regular yearly meeting yester
day for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to -serve for the ensuing
twelve months. Out of a total of 672,755
shares, 490.757 were voted, and the result
was that the entire old board, with the
exception of 1. EL Gates of New York,
was re-elected. The reason of Mr. Gates'
defeat was that the stockholders con
cludt*! that the representation from San
Francisco should be increased, and they
consequently elected AY. M. Thompson in
the place of the gentleman from New
York. The board as it now stands is com
posed of Isaac L. Requa, William H.
Mills, W. M. Thompson, C. E. Bretherton
of London, F. E. Spencer of San Jose,
Charles P. Eells and J. C. Kirkpatrick.
To-morrow afternoon the directors will
meet and elect officers.
Fenders on Cars.
The case of H. E. Huntington of the
Market-strert Railway Company, charged
with not having fenders on the electric
cars, was again called in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday morning and by consent
continued until Monday afternoon. It is
expected that by that time" both sides
will be ready to go on.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 12.
Stmr News boy, Ellefsen, 20 hours from Usal.
Btmr Areatn. Hoed. 52 hour* from Coos Bay
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR -Arrived April 12— Schr Abbie. hnc
April 7.
ALBlON— Sailed April 12— Stmr Cleone, for
San Franeison.
MISCELLANEOUS..
Per Arcata— Ppoke thr> dismasted Br baxk
Willscott about If miles SW of Duxbury Reef
headinp for Snn Krancisco under Jury rl&
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEE.WSTOWN-Arrivert April 12 — Stmr
Rhynland, from Philadelphia.
QI'EEN'STOWN- Arrived April 32— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York, for Liverpool.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 13, 1898.
THE POSTER OUT
Public Announcements of the Coming Masonic
Festival— A Generous Donation.
The Poster Which Will Announce the Coming
Masonic Festival.
HE Masonic festival poster is out, heralding to the general public with no
Tless than four colors of ink, the great event that is to take place in early
May. It will be posted up on the blank walls all over town; it will be put in
all public buildings, and it will tell its message from store windows all
along the streets. There will be a big issue printed, and they will be dis
tributed in such a manner that a good citizen need never be out of sight of at
least one of them.
Plans for the American booth of Excelsior Lodge are developing rapidly,
and when the festival opens they promise to provide something sensational.
Arrangements for the safety of anything donated have been made, and particular
care has been devoted to these arrangements, for there will be on exhibition
Jewels and regalia and historical emblems of priceless value. Safes will be pro
vided, but safes will not be the only precaution. Watchmen will be on hand day
and night, and it is probable that those assigned to this duty will be chosen
from the order.
The executive committee met yesterday and considered where the line should
b» drawn in accepting or admitting features for the booths or for the festival.
It was finally decided that any scheme not chimerical or for the purpose of ad
vertising should be allowed.
The following letter was received by the master of California Lodge yester
day. It is but one of many which, while not so large, are equally willing and
prompted by the same spirit of generosity:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 11, 1898.
E. H. Hills, Master California Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. : Please present In my be
half to the "Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home" as a donation the encloned certified
check on "First National Bank of San Francisco, C 01.," for one thousand doll; rs. and
oblige. Youre truly. J- M. McDONALD.
Ladies of California Lodge No. 1 met in the Masonic Temple and concluded
positively to get up an art booth consisting of art goods manufactured in Cali
fornia. A feature of this booth wili be a bag of flour, decorated, and to be sold
at auction every night during the festival. It is expected that a great deal of
money will be secured in this way.
The ladies of Ivy Chapter met at Golden Gate Hall. It was decided to dress
fhe ladies for the cigar booth in orange and lemon, and to use cigar ribbons for
headdress and decorative purposes. It was also concluded to have Uncle Sam
and a revenue cutter in the cigar booth. About 7000 cigars have already been
donated. Mrs. Dr. Edna R. Field spoke to the ladies yesterday, encouraging
them in the work, and told them how successful the festival would be, for, she
said, ladles are inquiring from all parts of the State for space for various kinds of
booths, and many of these ladies are from chapters of Eastern Stars who are
willing' to pay all expenses in fitting up booths, etc. Mrs. \V. Frank Pierce, chair
man of the committee on booths, asked the ladles if they would look over the
flowers, ferns, etc., that were sent to the executive committee by Clear Lake
Chapter, Eastern Star. These flowers are now at the Baldwin Pharmacy, to be
sold for the benefit of the festival.
The ladies of the Grand Chapter, under the leadership of Mrs. Flint, have
decided to sell souvenir spoons and gold-plated spoons as souvenirs. These
Bouvenir spoons will be official and no one else will be permitted to sell spoons at
the festival.
AMATEURS ENTERTAIN.
An Interesting Programme by Mem
bers of the California School
of Oratory.
A fashionable audience comfortabl>
filled Golden Gate Hall last evening and
enjoyed an excellent programme of mv
sic and recitation presented by the mem
bers of the Literary and Dramatic Club
of the California School- of Elocution and
Oratory. The entertainment was given
as a testimonial to Miss Emily Curtis.
Every number on the programme was ap
preciated by the critical audience and
encores were frequently demanded. The
programme rendered was as follows:
'Cello solo, "Nocturne" Chopin
Adolph M. Lada.
Musical recitation, ''In May" Edwin Stern
Esther C. Maeomber.
Dramatic recitation, "Tragedy While Tou
Walt" Cora E. Chase
Anna M. Egenhoff.
Vocal solo Selected
Marie Llna Voltz.
Monologrue, "The Impecunious Actor"
Livingston Russell
Fred L. Shaw.
POSES PLASTIQUES.
1. "The Muses. 2. "Revels of the Muses."
2. "Solace of Paris and Helen." 4. "Salute
of the Lilies." 5. "Death of Virginia."
6. "Night and the Fates."
Esther C. Maeomber, Lily M. Harris, Anna
M. Egenhoff. Charlotte O'Brien, Mrs. A. J.
Mr.Alister, Margaret McLennan. Irene d«
Voll. Mrs. M. B. McKay, Vida White, May
belle Thompson.
'Cello solo, (a) "Berceuse" Godard
(b) "Serenade Pierne
Adolph TtJ. Lada.
Monologue, "The Show at Wllkln's Hall"
Bertha M. Wilson
R. Frances Luse.
Vocal solo Selected
Mnrie Llna Voltz.
FARCE— "OBLIGING A FRIEND."
Frank Dutton J. Hutton Vint
Mr. Wopprr James A. Haran
Mrs. AVopper Mrs. M. B. McKay
EUen Audrey Mrs. A. J. McAllster
Susan .^..... w ..Ltly M. Harris
A PLEASANT
BIRTHDAY PARTY
Mrs. A. H. Brod of 114 Broderick street
yesterday gave a pleasant birthday surprise
party In honor of her sister, Miss Lucy
Munson. The earlier part of the evening
was occupied with progressive whist, Mr.
Branhall and Miss Mat tie Kilborn carry
ing off the first honors. Charles Rosen
berg and Mrs. Charles Evans secured
second prizes. Consolation prizes fell to
Mr. Bratton and Mrs. Hollenbeck. Supper
was served on individual tables, of which
the match cake was a novelty, the prize
ring falling to Charles Tidball. Various
entertainments were given, amon" which
w;is an apple-eating contest. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Charles
B. Tidball, Mr. and Airs. Charles Rvans,
Mrs. Dr. Kilborn, Mr. and Mrs. Spicher
Mr. and Mrs. Grant Munson, Mr. and
Mrs. A. H. -^j, Mr. and Mrs. Al
Latham, Mr. and Miss Hammond, Mrs.
L. Hollenbeck, Miss Marcuse, Miss Grace
Williams, Miss Bessie Clark, Miss Mattie
Kilborn, Miss Rosenberg, Miss Lucy
Munson, Charles Rosenberg, Mr. Bran
hall, Mr. Bratton, Mr. Bishop, Ed Mun
son, Bert Munson and Mrs. Munson.
A New Commissary.
James A. Fargo, formerly a captain of
the old First Infantry regiment of the
National Guard, has been appointed com
missary, wi'h th*» ra.nj£ of major, on the
staff of Brigadier-General Wariield, vice
Major W: A. Halstead, recently appoint
ed on the staff of the division commander.
Passover Services.
This being the seventh day of the Pass
over, services will be held at the Bush
street Temple. Rabbi Myers has select
ed as his subject the answer to last
week's discourse: "Israel's Answer to
Jews and Gentiles."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENTFREETOMEN
The State Medioal Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
ceie, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., slating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo compiled with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
or men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar«
requested to write without delay.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IfreetmalW
anyhonestman
THE FOREMOST MEDICAL COMPANY IH
THE WORLD IN THE CURE OF WEAK
MEN MAKES THIS OFFER. ;
HAPPY nARRUOE, HEALTH, ENERdY AND
LONQ LIFE.
In all the world today— in all the history of
the world— ; doctor . or . institution has treated
and i restored so many men as lias the famed
ERIE MEDICAL COMPANY, of Buffalo, N. Y.
" _--*^
This is due to the tact that the company con-
trols some inventions and discoveries wnich have
no equal in the whole realm of medical science.
So much deception has hjpen practised in adver-
tising that this grand old company now makes a
startling offer. .
They will send their magically effective appli-
ance and a month's course of restorative remedies
positively on trial, without expense, to any re-
liable man.
Not a dollar nerd be paid until results are known to
and acknowledged by (he patient.
The Erie Medical Company's Appliance and
Remedies have been talked of and written about
till every man has heard of them. ,
The highest medical authorities in the world
have lately commended them. '
They possess marvelous power to vitalize, de-
velop, restore and sustain.
They create vigor, healthy tissue, new life.
They stop drains that sap "the energy. '
They cure all effect* of evil habits, excesses,
overwork. mp>|i|im)|iirtyi> ijl'itf WHIM
They give fall strength, development and tone
to every portion and organ of the body. „
Failure impossible; age no barrier.
This " Trial Without Expense " offer la limited
to a short time, ana application must be made at
once. ;
No C.O.D. scheme nor deception ; no exposure—
a clean business proposition by a company of high
financial and professional standing.
Write to the ERIE MEDICAL COMPANY, Bui-
falo. N. V.. and refer to their offer in thia paper.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
!il2)fe_^ Steamers leave Broadway
! ijlraS&sSl^ ' wharf, San Francisco:
I KW'PfcSp^ or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
Ii& M£?iffli AJ" 11 " 11 L - "■ " ; - 2 1. 26 . May *•
I l «?^fia'i^&3 transfer at Seattle.
i Jwfv*Kr*L*gHßl For Alaskan ports (from
'■', * w^aj*jHKßH Spear Ftreet wharf), 10 a. m.,
| ■ April 8. 18, 23, May 3, transfer
"^ at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New -Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6,
11, 16, 21. 26, May 1, and every, fifth day. there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. : Ry., at
Tacoma .with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver • with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
April 2, S. 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter. . ' 'ij '
i For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, , Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 3, 7, 11, 15. 19, 23, 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. April 1. 6. 9, 13, 17, 21. 25, 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Majrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Par, Santa Rosa-
! lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., April 12,
I and Id of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing: dates
I and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Arts.,
-•.■;: 10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH : FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF ' 2 First Class . Including Berth
InriL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Apr. 3, 13, 23, May 3
Columbia Apr. 8, IS, 28, May 8
Through Tickets and. Through Baggage to all
Eastern Polnta Rates j and Folders Upon Ap-
plication ' to
B. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
?K'-T/.'~~ ; Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE
To England and the Continent.
RED STAR LINE
To Antwerp. ' "
EMPIRE LINE
To Alaska.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
REMOVED TO
30 Montgomery St.
EMPIRE .LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
.Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, '3400 tons. Conemaugh, 2100 tons (formerly
in ■ the trans-Atlantic ! service of ■ the American
line). .-.:,
Appointed > sailings from ■ Seattle.
- S. S. Ohio, June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22.
8. S. Pennsylvar.ia / June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with v company's fleet of new and :
modern steamers and barges- on the Yukon
River, through •to Dawson City and . interme-
diate points. - For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
•': :.':-.' Or any of its Agencies.
PHSiflMlfl The &S. ALAMEDA
I3SjAB)^3sL sails via Honolulu and
ivnaii* Auckland for Sydney
U p ".^-^> Wednesday. April 20,
/v/^A et 2 p. m. :-.-
siwnrcnine) s - s - zealandia,
Q)lCdllljlliy 1 - 'for HONOLULU only,
/RmR?I?U» Wednesday, May 4,
VyillfWltq~ 2 p. m. special party
rates. : .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
, . • _ 114 Montgomery street.
■ Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
' .-'.'■;■ . French Line to Havre. ~, .
Company's Pier (new) 42 iiorth -p-riftr '
River, foot of Morton St. Travelers <g.TfITrN
by this line . avoid , both ? transit by •***■»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. - New > York to
Alexandria,' Egypt,' "la Paris, first class, $160;
second class. 1116. s . ."..; . ■ ■ ".
LA NORM AN DIE '■ April 16, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE .....'...........April 23. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ........April 30, 10 a. m. i
LA BOURGOGNE .:..... May 7. 10 a. m. |
LA TOITRAINE ;......... May 14, 10 a, m.
• For further particulars apply to .
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, - .
•.■-. -- - No. 3, Bowling : Green, New York. ,
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye. Francisco. ' .'- ■ .. ■;:■:.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
' ■:■■: ■. ' Steamer "Monticello" -
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at........
9:45 a. m., 8:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays .....;.... ...:.... ..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .......".. ..::... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier. 1.
; ' ■■;■•-/=- Telephone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRU2
steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 = daily (Sundays
excepted); at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily • (Saturdays
excepted) ' at \ 5 p. m. > Freight and passengers.
Fare • between r San Francisco and Alviso, 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. ■'■ Clay street, Pier 1." -41 North
First street, San Jose. - ' ■-■■■■ ■ ■
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY ■ AND WASHINGTON STS.—
' modeled and renovated. ■-' KING, WARD A
CO. European - plan. • - Rooms - 60c ' to fsl 60day; ■
' $6 to ; $8 : week. • {8 \to $30 month. .*. Free ■, baths ; \ :
hot and cold water, every room;. fire (rate* la |
•very room; elevator runs all night. *, :
summer resort
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Bath 3. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis. Bowling. Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shufrleboard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY.
The greatest health-giving water in America.
Specific for all stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder troubles. New hotel. Terms, $8 to $10
per week. For particulars address W. R. Mc-
GOVERN, Kelseyvllle, Lake County.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
HOPKINS & CO., Proprietors,
Larkspur, Marin County, Cal.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
ISAN1 SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip j
at 11:30 p. m. • Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 j
and 11:30 p. m. ■  1
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 0:20 p. m. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, : 11:10 a. m. ; ,
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips j
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. . _
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:48, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m. -'-,-">.-' i* "
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
name schedule as above. j
~ : Leave '• . ']n P fr<U» • ' Arrive
Ban PrauclßCO. Of?tll' _£anFranclsc»
Week I Sun- uesUnatlori " Snn " ! eel
Pays. I days. Peßtmauon day - I days. I
:80a.m. S :00a.m. . Novato. 10:40 a.m.' 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. il J:3oa.m.| Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. !10:25a,m. !
t> :lop.m. 5:00 p.m. I Santa Rosa. 7,:a6p.m. i U:«p.m.
, : • ■ Fulton.
• aoa-m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Eealdsbur^,
." Lytton, ;',:;:•.■.
Geyservlile,
7:80 p.m. 8:00 a.m.! Clovei'dale. ":Wt).tn. «:22r>.m.
■.-.•-■■■- ■■. ] . , ' ] riopland and
7 :80 a.m. 181 8 -00a.m. ! Ukiah. I 7:85 p.m. 6 :22 p.m.
7 :30a.m. T~ ) 10:25 a.m. I
s , 8 :00 a.m. 1 GuernevlUe. 7 35p.m. j
8:80 p.m. I 6:22 p.m.
5 :SQa.m. 8 :00 a.m. , Sonoma 10:40 a.m. s:4Ua.m.
. ■ • • and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. B:23t>.th.
7 :80a.m.|8:00a.m.) . sebaatcDoL \^-*0 a " m - ' 10 :2oa.m) j
B :iiop.m. 5:00 p.m. DaatCPOU I 7:30p.m.i-7:23p.m |
StaKes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs:' at Geyserville for Skates Springs: at
Cloverdale for . the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. - Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell -Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonville,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoeino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport. ■ Usal. '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket" Of flees— Market street. Chronicle
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager.' Gen. Pass. Agt.
llffsn&BWSdfl CALIFORNIA
j^^^^j LIMITED.
!"-2^ffi^^ SAN FRANCISCO
[[■LiaUUraHll Chicago.
H* M ™" g"g "* as *^SJj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. -. ' . .
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
• Pullman i Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
8% . days to Chicago, » 4% days to New ; York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. •; Direct Conner- 1 .: 1 in , Chicago and
Kansas City. for all Eastern points.
Trains arri'-- and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket, office,, 6^l Market
?r t J£ et V,S l i ron , icle ' bulldins. : ■ Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office,' 201 J street. " San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara, street. y •■■ —
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
; Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
. •.-■•.,;> >_ •. 19, 1597.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley ■ and . San Rafael-*7:25. •9:30.
11:30 a. m.: *1:45, 3:45, . •5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m. .
i Extra trips for San. Rafael on Mondays, Wed- j
! nesdays and Saturdays at. 11:30 p. m.
-■"•* --- "'«•■ v '-'.\ SUNDAYS. '•■
For Mill Valley San Rafael— *10:00,
- »ll:S0 a. m.: *l! 15, 3:00. '4:30. 0:15 p. m.' c:
.Trains marked • run to Pan Quentln.
'. THROUGH TRAINS.
1 :25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
.' , tions; = 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed, train) for !
-; Duncan Mills and "way ■; stations: ' S:00 a. m. i
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. •
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
° (Via Sausalito Ferry.) • ~ j
Leave San' Francisco," commencing November
13.-.1S07:" .... 
Week Days— 9:3o m., 1:45 p. m. '
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a.". m., 1:15 p. m.:.,
\ : Round trip from Mil! Valley. $1. ' .!
THOS. COOK. & ', SON. Acents. C2l Market
01/ fl f&OO HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\K SllillX On 'y 4 % hours from S. F. and
Ui\nUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room;, tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages,
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburot,
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a
gt^ye^!- ITMeTC
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of wate»
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains <Ls~lyi
four hoars from city. Telephone. ■
L. ANOWIN, Angwln, Napa County, Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpais Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra.
fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without
board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH, Proprietress.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa, Cal.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
This group of springs has attained a national
reputation for the curative powers of Its min-
eral waters, in a wider range of human dis-
eases than that of any known Mineral Springs
in this or any other country. - j
summEß nomE Frtß/VI.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar»
tiflcial lake for boating and swimming; lons
distance telephone; campers' return ticket*
$2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glen wood, Cal. '
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
new dining room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing free;
terms, $8 to $14 per week: route S. F. & N. P.
Railway; round trip, $9 50. Address H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0., Lake County. Cal.
LONGIA/OOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. Send for Illustrated - pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON.
Napa, Cal.
ig* BAILBOAD TBAVSL,^^
KOI TIII.KN I'AC'IFIC: CO 9I i»AM T.
(pacific .iV.srii.M.l
Tmlni l«n>v nml 111 •• <lv*> 10 nrrlfe at
MAM riUXI.Md. (
(llaiii Line, Foot of Market Street) *
lsavb — From April 10. 1893. — arriti
i •6:ODa Nileg, San Jose and Way Stations... »»:45 A
7:OOa Kenicia. Suisun and Sacrameuto.... 10:45 a
TsOOa Marj-svilie, Ororille and Uedding ria
'--,- Woodland 5:4.">p
TjOOa Vacarille and Runisey B:4«Sp
7:a«»A Martinez, Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Naps,
C'aliatoga and Santa Rosa 6:13p
8:OOa Atlantic lOniress, Opleii and Kaat.. Si4a*
»i»«a Ni!«-s. Smi .lose, .Stuck ton, lone,
Sacra.iia-uto, Marysrillc, Chico,
■ Tehama and lte.l HlulT 4i1.-»p
•8: A Peters, Milton and Uakdale »7il3*
U:»Ua New Orleans Kinross, Merced, Kay-
mond, I'iesnii, Bakerslieiil, Santa
Hurlmra, I. us Angeles, Dewing.
Xl I'aso, New Orleans and East. 6i43p
0:OOa Vallejo. Martinez, Msrced and
Fresno. ..; J2:lsr
•I:OOp Sacramento liifer Stemiwri •V:iiite
l:O»r NUt-s, »an Jose and Way Stations.. "IMS A.
l:3Op Martinez umlWaj Station* 7:4Sp
8:001' Livrrmore.lMerjdota, llanford and
Vi*alia..Y:. 4:15*
....... Li vernu.re, San Jose, Kilea and Way
Stations 110:13 a
4I»OOp Martinez, Shu Kanion. Vallejo,
N:iiia, (Jalislosa, Xl Verano and * .
' Sinit.li Uota »il3a
4:00p Beuioiii, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knitflits Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
■Tille hiiil K i;ritiiieiit(> 10:43 a
■ l>3Or Nlli-s, San Jose, Tracy arid Stockton .. 7:13?
t:!SOF LatUrfip, Modesto, Mevced, Bercnda,
Fresno, M.-jave (for Randsbuig),
.Santa H»rli;irn and l,os Aiigoles.. 7i43a
4i»op BhiiU IV Koiilb. Atlantic Kxpress
for iMojiirt; mid Kmt ««43p
Us:3Op " Snnser. Limited," Los Angelas, SI
;.; ■-,- ■ Paso, Fort Worth, Little ltock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 5IO:15i
Tfs:3op " Suiiset Limited Annex," El Paso.
:. New Orleans and Kast 510:13 a
- 6iOOi>lCiiri)ne»ii Matt, (*siHhi aud K0M.... 9i4»a
6:OUi- Hiij-tviiriln.Klli-8 Mid Kan. lose 7:43 A
t*:««r VkII.Ji f7:43p
SHMii- « >i-i's;<m I'lxim-HH.Mikcrnnieutu, .Mnryu- .
ville. UriMiiiK.' Tortlnnd, I'liuet
i _2 5..11...1 an.l Kant , Bil3a
6AM LLt.\iiUll (Ml lIAfffAIUM LOCZK
I Foot of Market Street.)
"i*<s:OOAl ( 7: ISA
i*:O»a Melroso, Bcniln»ry Park, 1*0:43*
«:OOa «.»,,>• ... . , ' 1«:43a
10 o«a Fitrlihurir, Klmliunit, 11:45 a
tlI:OOA Snu Lramiro, Soul h San 13:I->p
112:00 m w -. .'.,,,, <1:45 p........
* ........ l.i.ui.iro, Kstiitlillo, J2:43p
iit-oop J. Lorenio. Cherry • »4:45p
4:OOp ' . r3:45p
5:00p and «:!3p
3:»Oi. Haj wards. ™*'
ttll:l»l- I ir '" n - NueB - ftiaioor
(JOAM ltlVlM(>.\ (.NnrroiT (teas*).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:43 a Saota Cruz Kxennion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way S:ation».. JliOSp
8:13 a Newark.Oenteniile.San Jo»e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Station* °' 50p
•ii:lsp Newark. CertervUle, San Jose, >eir
Almaden, Felton, gonldar Creeit.
Santa Cruz and Principal *y.,-_ nA
Stations 'S-aoi
4:lspßan Jose and Glenwood .«:»„»
a4:!3p Boulder Creek »n«l Santa Cmi j».»«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSiS FRIKCISCO— root of M.rket Slr«t(Sl{pB)-
.7.15 BMW 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 J3:00
•4:00 {5:00 '6:03 p.m.
ttm 0»IU!fD-?cot of Br.«dw.y.--fi:CB SKIO JO:OOi.M.
tl8:00 •1:00 ta:OO. *3:CO 11:00 *3:oop.ii.
~~ COAST IH VISION (iTroad c). ft
(Third and Townsend St<.)
"•7:«0A.5 ;.V:i..5, ! »'"l W»y. Stations (New • ~~"
■ - Almadcu Wednesdays only). l:30r
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose. •
Hanta Cruz, Pacific GroTe 1 and
. Princ'pa! Way Stations... ......! JS:33p
9:00* Sun .lime, Tros Pino*, Haute Cruz,
l'tt'jilic (Jrmn, l'aso ltubles, Sau •
* I.hlh «ilii«i">, (luadiiiuj'e, burf mul
l'rliicliml Way .siatliiim 4slor
IO:4Oa Sun .liwio and Way KUlloiis .' 'SmiOa
II:3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations *Si33a
*2:J3rBan Mateti, Redwood, jMpiilo lark,
Santa Clara, Him Jose, (Jilroy,
Hollister, Santa' Cruz, Siiliuas, I
Monterey anil I'ucilic (ir0re...... *10:33 a
•8:!1(>p San .lost-. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
---•ml Way Station*.. •9:00 a.
•4>lsr San .lose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•5:oop San Jos" and Principal Way Sutions 0:33 a
- -3:30r Sail and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
' «::t«|- San .1 us? .-mil Way Stations. 7:30p
|11:45r San Jam Way 5tati0n5......... 7:: top
- A for Morning. 1* ft.r Afternoon. .-■. -■ "
• Snn.-iavii exe«pt*l. ,) J Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only
it Moyilay. Thursday ami Saturday nights only.
"■• '1f Thursdays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
. g Saturday*^ j Sundays and Mondays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From • September 10, lSi>7, ■ trains will run as
follows: • .■■•.,- * :
: Southbound. | _ ; Northbound. ~~
tassea- Mixed statlo __ !,'"■ Mixed Pas3e»
ger • Sunday .Mllo:11. Mllo:11 ' Sunday ger
Dally. lixc'p'td — — — — Exc'p'tJ Daily.
' 1201 20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 jvol
8:10 a.m. . 12:30 p.m. Meroed 12 p.m." a:an p.ral
JU:4oa.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:;XJa.m. 2:3u am
11 1:40 a.m. &:»! p.m." Harttorl . a.m. 1:13 p.m
i^:lop.ni. 6:45 p.m VisaUa ; 6:40 a.m. 12:Wu-ui
■ btoppiag: at lntcrnaedlata po lnta wnea" required
•_ buuiMtLU<wat— ai Dvucktuo ...th steamboats ct'
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco ani
Stockton nt 6-p. - m. -:•• daily; at * Merced wlcS
stages to and from Bnelllnga. Couiterville eta.
also = with i su«« for Horaltot, Uaripoaa, etc! a
lit Lankenbtm with itmc* to and from Ukdefsi