VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 138.
VICTORIA NOW
MOST ANXIOUS
TO ABDICATE
Desires to Yield the
Throne to Wales.
BUT THE PRINCE REFUSES
NOT "WILLING TO RULE WHILE
HIS MOTHER LIVES.
"Weighty Reasons Concerning Pos
jdbl« Complications With France
Induce the Queen to Retain
Her Crown.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The Mall and
Express prints the following special
cable from London: Apparently well
founded reports of gTave importance
with regard to Queen Victoria have
reached me The death of the Queen
of Denmark following so closely on the
assassination of the Empress of Aus
tria had a very depressing effect upon
her Majesty. The fact that it was
thought necessary to take more rigor
ous precautions against possible an
archist plots, as cabled to you two
weeks ago, has also greatly distressed
her. The effect has been cumulative.
The result of all this, so my infor
mation Is, was that the Queen sent for
the Prince of Wales and again told him
of her desire to yield the throne to him.
She is said to have recounted all the
reasons which urged her to this step
with great force.
His Highness, however, was not con
vinced. In the first place, he assured
his mother that he took as much pride
In the great length of her reign as any
other of her subjects, and that all his
wishes were against ascending the
throne during his mother's lifetime.
Secondly, and what was of far ereater
Importance, he pointed out to the
Queen the serious state of affairs in
France and the possibilities that the
Fashoda incident might at any time
cause a break in that country's rela
tions with England.
For Great Britain to change rulers
now, especially when it is known the
Queen's intense desire for peace has
been one of the strongest factors in
avoiding hostilities on more than one
occflJ^an in r»«ent v*"ars. might . bring
i/u-war with" France which would other
wise be avoided. Reluctantly the
Queen yielded for a time. She Is still
said to be seriously contemplating a re
newal of the argument.
Yesterday's and to-day's develop
ments in Paris, however, add such
strength to the Prince's position that
it is probable Queen Victoria will give
up her plan.
GOT MORE THAN
TRAVEL RATIONS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15.— Surgeon
General Sternberg sent the following to
the Commission to Investigate the War
Department. It relates to a statement
made by Major Seaman, who testified
before the commission yesterday:
Army Building. New York, Oct. 14, 1K»8.
Dear General: Major Seaman, surgeon
First Volunteer Engineers, made a state
ment to reporters in my presence, and it
was published broadcast, that he receiv
ed nothing but travel rations from th<»
army for his convalescents on the Obdam
and depended on the Red Cross Society
and National War Relief Association for
their food.
Major Bradley just sent me the Inclosed
copy of receipt given to him before the
Obdam started. Yours very sincerely,
D. M. APPEL,
Major and Surgeon, U. S. A.
The receipt shows that Major Sea
man received, on September -'8, from
Major Bradley thirteen cases canned
BOUp, twelve bottles whisky, four bar
rels ginger ale, one box cornstarch, one
barrel Jellies, four boxes condensed
milk, two boxes clam broth, two boxes
palleen crackers, two boxes lemons, two
boxes calves' feet jelly, two boxes
crackers, sixty pounds arrowroot, one
quart Squibbs mixtures, two bottles
bismuth subgallate.
RIOT AND A DEATH"
AT CAMP SHIPP
ANNIBTON, Ala., Oct. 15.— At 2 o'clock
this morning a number of volunteers and
regulars from Camp Shipp became in
volved in a free fight ami a riot ensued.
The Third Tennessee Volunteers' pro-
Kuard was summoned. One of the
fruards, whose name has not been
earned, fired n shut from his Springfield.
A bullet crashed through the brain of
Sergeant lleiz, Company F, Second In
fantry (regular), killing him instantly. It
then cut off the thumb of Corporal Con
roy of tne same company and regiment
It r.ext shattered the arm of Private a"
R. Diffln, Company C, Third Tennos«*>e'
and finally lodged in the shoulder of Pri
vate Oliver Shepherd, Company F, Sec
ond Infantry.
JiHz vn'nt through the Santiago cam
paign and was promoted from private to
:nt for bravery shown in th«
charge up San Juan hill.
COMING TO THE !
PACIFIC COAST ;
President MoKinley Intends
to Make a Western Trip
Next Year.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 16. —
Mayor Jones returned to-day ■
from St. Louis, where he took
part in the celebration of Preßi- ■
dent McKinley's visit.
"The President told me," said ■
Mayor Jones "that he Intends to •
make a trip to the Pacific Coast ■
in June or September next year ■
and will then stop In Kansas -
City."
The San Francisco Call
ALL HINGES
OH THE REPORT
OF MARCHAND
Great Britain, France
a^d Fashoda.
SITUATION VERY GRAVE
ENGLISHMEN WTL±j NEVER
ABANDOxf THEIR CLAIMS,
On the Other Hand the Paris Press Is
Shouting for an Alliance
With the Abys
siniaiis.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by the Associated Press.
U >NDON, Oct. 15. — The week opened
with an ominous rattling of sabers over
Fashoda and ended with the rumblings
of a revolutionary volcano in Paris.
The situation arising out of the ques
tion between Great Britain and Fiance
as to the right of occupation of Fash
oda is extremely grave. Everything
hinges on the nature of the report of
Major Marvhand, the French com
mander at Fashoda, which is on its
way from Khartoum to Paris.
The evacuation of Fashoda by the
French must, however, take place if
war between Great Britain and France
'is i<j be averted, as the Marquis of
Salisbury has nailed his colors to the
mast and cannot recede from the posi
tion he has taken up, and in which he
received the unanimous support of the
country.
The Speaker, the organ of the Liberal
party, refers plainly this week tv vie
; impossibility of relinquishing the Brit
ish claims, and points out that if it
cornea to war it Will not be merely for
; Fashoda, but for the maintenance of
Great Britain's place in the world, plus
her undoubted rights. The Speaker
adds: "It" we abandoned our claims
! Englishmen would not only lose the re
j spect of others, but would lose their
< own self-respect, and English states
i manship would be dragged in the mire."
These emphatic declarations of the
English press and public men have al
ready had a certain influence across
the channel, and the inspired state
ments of the French press belittle the
■ importance of Fashoda and shift the
! ground to an undefined claim upon the
j province of Bahr-El-Ghazal and a port
i on the Nile.
The mouthpiece of the French For
eign Office is preparing France for the
abandonment of i.J?a"sliQdsr..ijy,rtS.oertins
that Major Marchand overshot his goal
and that instead of going to Fashoda
he ought to have stopped at the con*
fluence of the Bahr-El-Ghazal. Many
British publicists," however, scout 'the
idea that France will be permitted to
install herself on the Bahr-El-Ghazal,
which is described as the "paying reef"
of the Soudan. All the rest of the re
conquered territory, as far as Fashoda,
is comparatively valueless, being
mostly desert ground, which cannot be
made to pay for many years to come.
But the Bahr-El-Ghazal territory is
thickly populated and has magnificent
trade prospects. During the Governor
ship of the late General Gordon, Bahr-
El-Ghazal had Immense exports of
ivory, grain, beeswax, skins, etc., while
it contained whole forests of arrow
root. Besides the cotton grown there
surpasses the Egyptian product.
The Chauvinist Paris papers are de
nouncing Great Britain and doing their
utmost to excite French feeling in the
matter. Other French papers are
making bitter complaints against Rus
sia's Inactivity.
The Gaulois declares the time has ar
rived for Russia to repay ,the service
which France lent her in the Far East
by helping France against Great Brlt
i am, while the Patrie, after declaring
i they had been betrayed by the
! Brisson Cabinet, demands the cfespatch
! of an Embassador to King Menelik of
• Abyssinia "for the purpose of seeking
an alliance with his 300,000 valiant,
faithful warriors, who will co-operate
with us in the event of hostilities at
Fashoda."
The moderate thinking section of the
French press in earnestly urging a
peaceful arrangement of the affair.
These papers candid^' aumit that
France is no match for Great Britain
in the event of war.
There has been a great deal of talk
about the possibility of war wiih
France and various preparations upon
the part of the British are reported to
have been made. For instance, It is
announced that a leading small arms
firm at Birmingham was asked this
I week whether it was prepared to turn
out a thousand magazine rifles weekly.
The significance of this will be appre
ciated when it is pointed out that the
British Government works alone are
capable of turning out four thousand
i magazine rifles weekly.
It is Rlso rumored that war insur
i ances have been affected at Lloyd's
, during the last few days, but they ap
; pear to have been more in the charac
ter of bets than trading.
Commenting en the Paris negotia
tions the Speaker says: "It is clear
there will be no abatement of the
American minimum demands. President
McKinley's speeches, indeed, indicate
that those demands are likely to be
come more rather than lesa extensive.
His reference to new responsibilities
and his deprecation of the charge of
militarism can only refer to the Philip
pine Islands, where alone responsibill
i tics of a new order await the American
i nation, and the President's speeches in
dicate the Intention of assuming them
: fully."
Andrew Carnegie has written a letter
to the Spectator protesting against its
statement that the late Thomas F.
Eayard had the honorable distinction,
"rare among American politicians," of
dying a poor man. Mr. Carnegie classes
this remark as bitterly unjust, and he
points out that Mr. Bayard was well
to-do when compared with the major
ity of the Presidents of the republic.
He adds: "The reason why the most
ambitious public men do not seek
wealth is that it »8 fatal before a nomi
nating convention. No candidate for
the Presidency would be thought of
who had a large income. There is no
record of honest poverty among the
prominent politicians of any country
I comparable with that of the great re-
I public." _______________
Thirty Tons of Fish in a Day.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 16.— The tug
New England, belonging to the New
England Fish Company of Boston, has
arrived in port with a cargo of thirty
tons of Huh, which was caught in leas
thiui one day by twenty fishermen.
SAINT FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Examiner Editorial— -October 15. — "They know they cannot
steal the people's money so long as he (Phelan) is on guard."
Widber™ "Anybody can steal the people's money when the
'hefting' Mayor is on guard."
SPAIN MAKES
DESPERATE
STRUGGLES
Trying to Get Rid of
Cuban Debt.
ALSO WANTS PHILIPPINES
BUT UNCLE SAM WILL RETAIN
FRUITS OF VICTORY.
From Now On the American Commis
sion Will Prevent Haggling
and Be Most Per
emptory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Spain is making a desperate
struggle to retain the Philippines and
obtain the assumption of the Cuban
debt by the United States in exchange
for Cuba. While no advices have yet
been received from Chairman Day re
garding the work of the Peace Commis
sion at its sessions yesterday, it is the
understanding of the department offi
cials the subject of the disposition,
control and government of the Philip
pines was under consideration, but
from the fact that Mr. Day had not ad
vised the department of the work done
it is only too evident that no agree
ment was reached either with respect
to those islands or as to the independ
ence of Cuba and the cession of Porto
Rico and Guam to the United States.
There 1b reason to believe from now
on that the tone of the American com
mission will be more peremptory In
character, it being the intention of the
officials not to permit the Spanish
Commissioners to haggle and procras
tinate as they have been doing.
I was informed to-day by a high of
ficial of the administration that the
Spanish Commissioners are making
every effort to secure the assumption
of the Cuban debt by the American
Government in exchange for the island,
or its guarantee in some v.ay when the
Island is given its independence.
"The truth of the matter is," said an
official, "that Spam wants us to buy
Cuba. After conquering her she wants
the fruits of the victory. She will not
get them. The Cuban debt will not be
assumed by this Government in any
way, and Spain has been told so."
What is true of the Cuban debt is
also true of the Philippine debt. In
the first place, Spain objects to the
cession of any territory in the Philip
pines to the United States, and she be
lieves that under the terms of the pro
tocol this Government should withdraw
upon the signing of the treaty of peace.
Such a proposition has not been con
sidered for a moment by the American
representatives, who have submitted
their demand for the cession of the isl
and of Luzon to the United States.
HOW MADRID VIEWS
THE PROCEEDINGS
MADRID, Oct. IB.— The semi-official
Correspondencia attaches much impor
tance to yesterday's meeting of the
peace commissions. It says it believes
that besides discussing the Cuban debt
and the evacuation of Cuba, the Phil
ippine question was under discussion,
which this paper claims to regard as
incredible, as "all unprejudiced people
must think that, after the signature of
the protocol, the rights and sovereignty
of Spain would be unquestioned."
Continuing, the Correspondencia
says: "The Americans are uncompro
mising and disposed to only yield on
points of unimportant detail. They
are not disposed to agree to arbitra
tion, while Spain is willing to accept
Russia or Germany. The public is
anxious, but we cannot Immediately re
assure It, the telegraph not being, un
der the present circumstances, the best
means of information."
Pacific Coast Pension*.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15.— Pensions have
been granted as follows:
California — Original: Levi Boswell,
Stockton, $8. Reissue and increase—
George F. Hammond, Gardena, $6 to $12.
Oregon— Original : George M. Graves,
Srrlngbrook, $6.
Washington— lncrease: Abraham Dillon,
Rltzville. $8 to |17.
AGUINALDO AND
HIS ADVISERS
REMAIN QUIET
Awaiting Result of the
Paris Conference.
IDLE TALK OF RIVAL LEADERS
NO DANGER OF AN ATTACK ON
AMERICANS BY FILIPINOS.
Most Strenuous Efforts Being Made
to Improve the Sanitary Con
ditions of the City of
Manila.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, Oct. 15.— A1l things here
are waiting upon the result of the
Paris conference. Agruinaldo and his
advisers continue quietly at Malolos,
although there has been some idle talk
among the Filipino soldiers about the
purpose of the insurgent leaders to at
tack Americans. American officials
know perfectly well that the rebels are
no more desirous of committing an
overt act than Major General Otis is to
precipitate trouble. If a clash comes
before the Peace Commission concludes
its labors it will be due to an indiscre
tion of some native leader opposed to
Aguinaldo's faction and defiant of the
Malolos government.
Luzon is filled with factions, each lit
tle leader fancying himself a great gen
eral and each deeirouß of impressing
the people with hia prowess. This Is
the danger of the situation here. Sev
eral days ago Provost Marshal Hughes
appointed Domingo Pacheco, a Span
iard, as administrator of the rich estate
of the leper hospital, a public institu
tion with a self-sustaining endowment.
The next day placards in Tagallo were
posted, calling upon Filipinos to arrest
Pacheco, fatten him, and when he had
grown fat he should be skinned and his
flesh fed to dogs. Pacheco's offense
was collecting rents for the support of
lepers. His life is safe, but this inci
dent shows the disposition of some of
the native party.
Aguinaldo's people are not respon
sible for this, for he controls only a
small faction. The sickness among
the American troops continues, but the
percentage of deaths is decreasing.
Most strenuous efforts are being made
to Improve the sanitary condition of
the city. Smallpox is now entirely un
der control. There were no new cases
this week. All five men in the pest
house will probably recover.
The First California has established
special sick quarters at Ermlta. where
even those men slierhtly ailing are
taken for treatment. Neither the Cali
fornia troops nor the Astor Battery
have any men alarmingly ill in those
quarters or the division hospital, al
though both organizations have large
sick lists. Daniel Pryibil of the Astor
Battery died of dysentery Wednesday.
Most of the Americans have concluded
that they are booked for an indefinite
stay and are making themselves as
comfortable as conditions permit.
Many officers have their wives here
and more have been sent for. The
great need at the present time is more
women nurses for the boys in the hos
pital. Women can give the sympathy
that many a homesick lad needs to
enable him to regain his strength. The
complaint of the irregularity of mails
from home continues. Americans not
unreasonably hold the opinion that the
Government should get mails here
more frequently and at regular in
tervals.
MENELIK HAS SCME
TROUBLE AT HOME
Revolt of Ras Mangascia Said to
Have Been Engineered by
the British.
PARIS, Oct. 15.— Advices from Djlboutil
say it is Delieved that the revolt of Ras
Mangascia, the most important of the
Abyssinian chiefs, was engineered by the
British.
King Menelik is sending 40,000 troops
commanded by Ras Makonnen, to put
down the insurrection, and as Ras Man
gascia has only 10,000 troops at his com
mand it is expected that the revolt will
ba easily quelled, despite British support.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MOHEGAN WENT
DOWN WITHIN
FIVE MINUTES
Rapidly Sank After
Striking Rocks.
ONLY FORTY-FIVE ESCAPED
BEMAINDER OF THE 161 PEB
SONS ABOABD MET DEATH.
Executive Officers Perish at Their
Posts in Directing the Efforts
to Rescue the Pad*
sengers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FALMOUTH, Oct. 15.— From the best
evidence obtainable at St. Keverine. it
appears that the Mohegan, which went
ashore near the Lizard last nisht. foun
dered five minutes after she struck the
rocks. She was going at full speed;
she struck twice, stopped and rapidly
settled into the water. As the captain
and the executive officers of the steam
er went down with her, it has been Im
possible thus far to ascertain how she
got out of her course, as the Falmouta
light and the cjast were visible.
Out of the 161 persons on board. 45
escaped.
Up to a late hour to-night thirty
bodies have been washed ashore at dif
ferent points. A southerly wind is
now blowing, and it is expected that
the bodies of many more victims will
be recovered before to-morrow. An
inquest will be held on Monday.
The survivors, without exception,
speak in the highest terms of the devo
tion, heroism and coolness displayed by
the officers and crew of the ill-fated
steamer, and declare that all were in
stantly at their posts when it was
known that she had struck.
The perilous position of the ship waa
noticed on shore and a warning rocket
was sent up, but it was too late then
to avoid the catastrophe, which oc
curred so suddenly that there was not
sufficient time to get all the life-saving
apparatus out of the ship.
The terror of the scene was indes
cribable — men jumped overboard in an
agony of despair and the women pas
sengers huddled together and refused to
leave the deck. The officers remained
on the bridge to the last and many in
stances of sacrifices are recorded.
Members of the crew are known to
have stood by and watched the boats
launched and put off when it was ap
parent that these were the only means
by which their own lives could be saved.
A lifeboat with a load of forty pas
sengers on its way to the shore passed
many who were battling for their lives
in the water whom it was impossible to
save.
The villagers, headed by the vicar
and coast guard, stood on the shore and
cheered the boat. When the llfetjoat
entered the little cove the fisher n en
waded into the sea to help drag the little
boat upon the beach and tenderly car
ried the exhausted survivors to their
homes, which had been already pre
pared for their reception, and the vicar
attended the injured.
The lifeboat was again launched and
put out for the wreck, on its outward
journey picking up three survivors.
The trip to the wreck was fruitless so
far as taking any one from the vessel
was concerned, but on its way back to
the shore sixteen other survivors were
taken from the water. This was just
before daybreak.
Among the incidents recited is the
escape of the Pembertons. Pemberton
jumped into a lifeboat, his wife threw
him their two children, then she leaped
into the boat herself and thus the whole
family was saved.
The bodies of six persons, four males
and two females, have been picked up
and landed here.
VILLAGERS CARE FO*
RESCUED AND THE DFAD
ST. KEVERINE, Oct. 15.— 1n the
lower end of the church here lie fifteen
bodies, among them those of four wo
men and one twelve-year-old girl. The
bodies are laid out reverently. The
faces of the victims present a sad
sight, showing how rudely the waves
and rocks played with their features.
The whole village and neighborhood
are alive with excitement, and knots of
men linger about, talking with the
rescued members of the crew.
It is exceedingly difficult to trace the
events of the disaster, but so far as can
be ascertained, it seems that the
weather was not thick, but that a
strong southeast wind was blowing and
there was a heavy ground swell on and
a strong current running. Dinner was
ready and Captain Griffiths was about
to proceed to the saloon when a sudden
crash made it apparent that the steam
er had gone ashore. The captain imme
diately went on deck, and the survivors
say they saw him on the bridge doing
all that lay in the power of a brave
man to lessen the disaster.
Authentic particulars of the event.,
occurring after the ship struck are not
yet obtainable. It seems, however, th-**"
one of the ship's boats, containing sev
eral women, got away safely, but was
capsized. A number of its occupants
were rescued by Mfeboats. Another
boat with sixteen hands was picked up
by a lifeboat and safely got ashore,
and two or three other persons man
aged to reach land.
The rescued persons are receiving the
greatest attention from the Inhabitants,
and the utmost kindness is being shown
to the female passengers.
PASSENGERS DINING
WHEN STEAMER STRUCK
FALMOUTH. Oct. 15.— One of the
passengers rescued by the Port Hou
stock lifeboat says that all the pas
sengers were dining when the catas
trophe occurred, although some of the
children and those who were sick were
In their bunks. Suddenly the Mohe
gan struck with a grating noise. At
first the engineers thought this wag
caused by coal falling down in the
bunkers, but a second shock followed
and the vessel began to settle.
A coast guardsman, who was on duty
at Coveract, says he noticed the Mohe
gan was pursuing a dangerous course.
William Moore, a seaman of the Mo2
hegan, belonging to London, was
among the men who succeeded in
reaching Port Houstock He said the
vessel struck forward on the star
board bow and sank head first, her
stern rising right up in the air. Moore
sprang overboard, and after swimming
for a .considerable time succeeded in
reaching an empty lifeboat belonging
to the steamer He got into the boat
and started to row for the shore. Some
time afterward he saw one of his ship
mates named Hilson on a raft. Hilson
was exhausted and Moore dragged him
into the lifeboat. Hilson's shoulder waa
5 injured. The sea was then run
ning heavily and the lifeboat was
ly full of water and. after scraping
on two or three rocks, she was smashed
to pieces. Moore and Hilson were
washed ashore.
PASSENGER' ON THE
ILL-FATED MOHEGAN
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Following is a
list of the passengers on board the
er Mohegan:
A. Baxter, James Blackey, W. M.
Bloomingdale, Miss Bushwell, H. F.
Cowan, Miss H. M. Cowan, Mrs. S. C.
Crane, Charles Duncaji, Miss Hose Dun
can, Mis. Fenton, Mrs. J. P. Firing,
Miss Fraser, B. Franklin Fuller, C. Sey
mour George, Mrs. L. S. Grandin, Mrs.
Grumbrecht, A. H. Harrington, Miss
Hart, John Hyslop, Richard Kelly. T.
"W. King and valet, Mrs. T. W. King
and maid, Master W. King, R. A. Kip
ling, J. J. Lelacheur, F. W. Lockwood,
L. M. Luke, Miss Merryweather, H.
Morrison Jr., Miss Katharine Noble, D.
J. O'Neill, F. A. Pemberton, Mrs. F. A.
Pemberton, two sons of Mr. Pemberton,
Mrs, Pemberton's two maids, Miss MauJ
Rondebush, Miss Shepherd, A. G. L.
Smith, Mrs. Compton Swift, Mrs. L. H.
Warner, Mrs. Weller, Mr. Cardery, Dr.
Fellows, Miss Saunders.
THOSE KNOWN TO
HAVE BEEN SAVED
FALMOUTH. Oct. 15.— Among those
known to have been saved from the
wreck of the Mohegan are the follow
ing:
Passengers.
MISS NOBLE, Baltimore, Md.
A. G. L. SMITH, Oregon.
W. BLOOMINGDALE.
R. KELLY.
KISS RONDEBUSH.
s. w<
GEORGE MAULS, New York.
JOHN HYSLOP, New York.
VALET OS T. W. KING.
F. A. PEMBERTON. -x
MRS. F. A. PEMBERTON.
rw • SONS OF THEPEMBERTONS.
MAID OF MRS. PEMBERTON
(Ryan or Regan).
MRS. ( I -TON SWIFT.
Officers of the Mohegan.
VICTOR LAWRL>GS.
FERGUSON.
DR. TREVOR.
MRS. PIGGrOTT, stewardess.
Crew of the Mohegan.
WILLIAM MOORE.
HILSON. ,
— ♦
GALLANT RESCUES
BY LIFE-SAVFRS
FALMOT'TfI, Oct. 15.— A dispatch
from St. Keverlne, a small town a little
to the eastward of the Manacles, said
eighteen bodies from the Mohegan have
been washed ashore there. They have
been deposited in the parish church.
A member of the Port Houstock life
boat crew, named James, gave a
graphic account of the wreck. He says
that as soon as the disaster was an- \
nounc-i-d his crt\v was summoned to the I
boat and proceeded to the Manacles.
They could see no lights, the night was
pitch dark, and no rocks were discern
ible, but they heard shouting and Dull- j
ed toward the spot from which the i
voices came. No steamer was visible, j
but the lifeboat came across an over- j
turned lifeboat to which four or five !
men were clinging.. They were taken on I
board the lifeboat. Later the crew j
heard shouting near the overturned
lifeboat, and with grapnells man
aged to right it. Inside the boat j
they found a ■ oman and two or three j
men alive. The woman was so tightly
jammed in the wreckage that the life
boat men had to cut away the thwarts
of the small boat before they could ex- |
tricate her.
James said the lifeboat passed sev
eral bodies of men and women and
picked up a couple of men who were
11". it ing on wreckage.
The lifeboat then met a ship's boat
having on board twenty-two passen
gers and crew, all of whom would have
been speedily lost if not rescued at that
time, as the boat was water-logged and
ramdly drifting toward the rocks. The
occupants of this boat were taken into
the lifeboat. While the latter was
tig homeward she picked up Miss
of Baltimore.
"She la the pluckiest lady I ever saw
in my life," said James. "She snouted,
'Don't shove me an oar; give me a
rope.' The sea then swept her toward
us and we caught her hands and got
her safely on board in as good state as
could be expected. We then had forty
eight persons in the boat, including the
crew, and could hear shouting from the
steamer. We approached her and saw
Steward Gray clinging to the jigger
mast. We then saw that all four masts
were still standing and the survivors
• clinging to them. We backed in
right over the wreck and succeeded in
rescuing the boatswain, cook and oth
ers. Xext we rescued an engineer who
whs 'li;igin,T to the steamer's funnel.
All this occupied several hours. We
th r -n made for the shore."
rther advices from St. Keverine
say the panic on the Mohegan was ter
and the cries of despair were
heard on shore.
One passenger cut away the falls of
a lifeboat with a razor and thus saved
Beveral lives.
Miss Rondenui»h and her mother. Mrs.
Grandin, entered a ship's boat, which
capsized and Mrs. Grandin was
J;? mined between this boat and a life
boat. One of the lifeboat's crew, at
great personal risk, jumped on board
the steamer's boat after the latter had
righted and pulled Mrs. Grandin from
her dangerous position. But she was
landed in a dying condition, and all
the efforts to revive her were use
leFP. When Miss Rondebuah landed
later she anxloflfcly inquired for her
mother, whose body was identified by
th>- Vicar of St. K*verine from the de
scription fif a ring furnished to him by
the daughter. One of Mrs. Grandin's
feet was torn from the leg.
MOHEGAN TOTALLY
UNSAFE FOR SERVICE
LONDON, Oct. : .15. — ' Harrowing
scenes were witnessed to-day at the
London' office of the Atlantic Transport
Company, to which the wrecked
steamer Mohegan belonged. .A number
of women fainted there/when the ex
tent of the calamity became known,
and there was a constant ' ' stream of
telegraph boys running to and from
the office seeking for information or
taking- messages to anxious ' Inquirers.
The Mohegan, It is now - said, has
been an. ill-fated vessel from the start.
It is added that she was only bought
by the Transport Company \vhen their
own vessels had been delivered : to the
United States Government during the
war. She was formerly the Cleopatra,
of the "Wilson & Furness-Leyland line,
and was brought direct from the Hull
4 ■ i
CHART OF THE CORNWALL COAST FROM THE LIZARD TO FALMOUTH. SHOW
ING THE SCENE OF THE WRECK OF THE MOHEGfIN WITH HER PROPER
COURSE fIND RELATIVE POSITION.
shipyard. She never ran for the Fur
ness line and only made one voyage
out and home. This, it is asserted, was
most unsatisfactory, and friends of the
crew say her engines were defective
and that her boilers leaked. She is fur
ther acknowledged to have arrived at
Xew York in such a condition that
she was sent home empty, and her re
turn voyage took several weeks, during
which she drifted a whole day and
night, owing to the trouble with her
engines.
For the past two weeks the steamer
has been in dock undergoing repairs,
but the managers say she was in per
fect condition when she left port on
this her first voyage under her new
name. It is asserted,, however, that in
a twenty-four hour trial last week
her performances were very unsatis
factory and the crew did not wish to
go on her on account of the previous
defect in her engines. It is surmised
here that the engines broke down and
that the vessel, In the rough sea and
heavy gale which prevailed, drifted on
the rocks.
The wrecked steamer was command
ed by Captain Griffiths. Her chief of
ficer was Mr. Couch, her second officer
Mr. Cole, and her third officer Mr.
Hindmarsh.
#EW YORK, Oct. 15.— The office of
Atlantic Transport line was crowd
to-day with people 'inquiring anx
iously about friends and relatives.
Henry Morrison, an elderly lawyer,
inquired about his son, Henry Morrison
Jr., and his step-daughter, Miss Han
nah Hart. When Mr. Morrison learned
that the names 01 his son and his step
daughter were on the passenger list he
Ps. John Hyslop, wife of the meas
of the New York Yacht Club, and
ncr daughter was also removed faint
ing when the former learned that her
husband had taken passage on the Mo
hegan. A cablegram was received by
Captain Tuzo, a yachtsman and friend
of the Hyslop family, this afternoon to
the effect that John Hyslop was among
the saved
Miss Merryweather comes from Cin
cinnati; Miss Kathenne Noble from
Baltimore; R A. Kipling, a relative of
Rudyard Kipling, from Roselle, N. J.,
; and the Firings from Glen Ridge, N. J.
J. P. Firing was a. paymaster in the
United States navy.
It was learned that A. H. Harring
ton and D. J. O'Neill are from Phila
delphia; Mrs. Grinbecht and F. W.
Lockwood of Stamford, Conn., and R.
A. Baxter of Surrey, England.
The Mohegan was originally intended
to sail on the 6th inst. and the Manitoba
• on the 13th, but the company for some
j reason substituted the Mohegan for the
j Manitoba and transferred many of the
■ passengers.
HOW GEORGE SMITH
REACHED THE SHORE
FALMOUTH, Oct. 15.— A. George L.
Smith, a first cabin passenger, who saya
he belongs to Guilford, but who had
been engaged in farming in the United*
| States for ten years, is another of the
{ survivors. He said:
"During the panfc I jumped over-
board:,, swam about an hour and
reached a rock. I tried to climb on
it, but the waves were too strong. I
afterward found a raft with a sail on
it, and I held up the sail with one arm
I and floated toward the shore.
"While on the raft I was washed
right over one rock. Happily I had
on a lifebelt and recovered the raft,
i which theji struck another rock, to
I which I held fast for some thne. Af
i terward I swam ashore, the land be
'■ ing only a short distance away from
! the rock to which I was clinging.
"Only the smokestack and the fore
mast of the Mohegan can be seen above
l water." /
FANNY DAVENPORT'S
WILL MAY BE CONTESTED
Acts of Relatives Do Not Tend to
Make the Husband Act Very
Generously.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— A Boston special
to the Herald Bays: It is generally- be- !
lieved here that the • dissatisfaction of
relatives with Miss 1 Fanny Davenport's
will cannot fail to soon find some- public
manifestation.- ;.-.- It is ' also said ■ that the
armed- neutrality which was maintained
between the husband and sisters during i
the actress' "long-, sickness was suspended
I after the funeral, and ! that relatives j
I caused ; all the • drawers in - the- chouse - in
j South Duxbury to be closed and sealed, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
This alleged open distrust of Mr. Mc-
Dowell ts said to have vexed him greatly
and certainly will not make him any
more likely to interpret the testatrix's
intentions more liberally than If such a
precautionary move had not been taken.
It is believed that a contest will be made
against the will and that it will be led
by the Seymour interests.
GEORGE MAULE'S
STORY OF THE WRECK
FALMOUTH, Oct. 15.— One of the
survivors, Mr. George Maule of Ne*v
York, was interviewed after he had suf
ficienty recovered to be able to tell the
story of the wreck. He said:
"I am a shipper of horses employed
by the American Transport Company.
We left London on Thursday and all
went well until 7 o'clock yesterday
evening, when most of the passengers
were at dinner. The steamer was go
ing at full speed, when suddenly we
heard a loud crash, which seemed to
denote that we had collided with some
other vessel. But when we rushed on
deck we found that the Mohegan was
on the rocks between the Manacles and
the Lowlands, in the vicinity of the
Lizard.
"Orders were given immediately to
lower the boats and the crew of the
steamer behaved like heroes. Her cap
tain stood on the bridge and the great
est order prevailed among the officers
and crew.
"The steamer, however, immediately
began to settle by the head. Two boats
were launched. The women were sent
away in the first boat. But whether
these reached land or not I do not
know.
"I managed to secure a life belt and
jumped overboard in company with the
chief officer of the Mohegan, Mr. Couch.
He made me take off my coat and shoes.
Soon after that we were parted from
each other. When I was leaving: the
vessel a little girl begged piteously that
I try to save her as she did not want to
die yet. I was powerless to help her.
"Evenually I caught hold of a plank
which was floating on the water and
1 clung to it for seven and a half hours.
At the expiration of that time I was
picked up by a tug. I could not have
lasted much longer.
"I cannot explain how the accident
occurred. The whole matter is not very
clear to me."
OFFICERS AND CREW
NUMBERED NINETY-SIX
LONDON, Oct. 15.— The pfflcers and
crew of the Mohegan numbered
ninety-six, and of these thirty-three
are known to have been saved.
The body of A. Baxter, one of the
passengers, has been recovered.
Among those who are still missing
are Mrs. S. C. Crane, believed to be the
wife of Stephen Crane, the novelist.
Miss Rondebush is the American oper
atic singer, professionally known as
Maud Rounds. She telegraphed to a
relative In London to-day saying:
"Shipwrecked. Mother dead."
FATHER AND DAUGHTER
AMONG THE MISSING
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— F. W. Lockwood
and Mrs. Amelia Grumbrecht, whose
names appear on the list of the Mohe
gan's passengers as missing, are father
and daughter. They reside in Stam
ford Conn., where Mrs. Lockwood is now.
Mr. Lockwood has for the past twenty
years been associated with the Standard
Oil Company and has for the past few
years acted as the company's foreign rep
resentative.
DRIVEN INTO PORT
BY A STRONG SIROCCO
Imperial Yacht Hohenzollern With.
William Aboard Anchors at
Zante.
ZANTE, lonian Islands, Oct. 15.— The
imperial yacht Hohenzollern, having on
board the Emperor and Empress of Ger- '•
many and their suites, has put into the
hirrbor owing to the fact that a strong !
sirocco is blowing. The yacht will re- !
main here until the gale has abated. All
the members of tho imperial party are in
good health.
Oregon Legislature Adjourns.
SALEM, £)r.. Oct. 15.— The special ses
sion of the Legislature adjourned sine die
to-night after having paspe-i the general
appropriation bill which carries $1,300,000.
KLONDIKE KING
ON THE WAY TO
SAN FRANCISCO
Alex McDonald Is Now
Returning.
WORTH OVER FIVE MILLIONS
HAS TWENTY THOUSAND IN
NUGGETS TO EXHIBIT.
Steamer Pilgrim, Eound From Skag
uay to Juneau, Goes Ashore and
Is Reported a Total
Loss.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Oct. 10 (By steam
ship Farallon to Port Townsend, Oct.
16). — Every southbound boat is either
crowded or well filled with incoming
! Klondikers, and despite the rush back
to the States the steamboats have re
duced the fare to Puget Sound less
than one-half.
Among the latest arrivals is Alex
| ander McDonald, "King of the Klon
| dike." He is visiting old friends over
lat Douglas Island (Treadwell gold
; mines). McDonald arrived at Juneau
, about two years ago with only $3 50 in
| his pocket from Aspinwall, whore he
I had been a miner and mine owner
! about twelve years. He worked there
■ in silver mines and the depreciation in
\ the price of silver took away his for
tune. Then he decided to try mining
in Alaska. McDonald was so poor at
that time that he was compelled to
ask the consideration of Messrs. Olds
and Orton, proprietors of a hotel here,
and they being old miners readily
granted it. He went to work for wages
in the Treadwell mines. For several
months he had savnl considerable
money and left for the Yukon Valley.
That was the beginning of McDonald's
fortune. He got to the Klondike short
ly after the first locations were made.
At the time he was mining a claim
on Miller Creek, near Forty Mile. He
threw down his pick and left the cabin
on Miller Creek as it stood, though the
ground was paying wages. It was his
knowledge of mining and his confidence
in himself which brought his success
as a miner and as ..n operator on the
Klondike. He owns more claims than
any other man in Dawson, and only
one or two poor ones. There is quite
a difference between the Alexander Mc-
Donald who arrived at Juneau and
Treadwell two years ago and the Alex
ander McDonald who is now shaking
hands with old and less fortunate
friends, fnr to-day his fortune is esti
mated at 'close to |5,000,0U0, and ail in
gold, and In about the safest bank in
the world— the earth. He is modest
and unassuming, quiet and unobtru
sive. He still looks like ninety-nine
out of 100 prospectors. McDonald was
born in Antigonish County, Nova Sco
tia, in November, 1864. He is going to
London, England, with his confidential
man and partner in some .of the claims,
Ronald Morrison. The steamer from
Dawson could not get up the river
farther than Kink Rapids, and McDon.
aid and others had to pole up tne river
from that point to Lake Bennett in a
small boat. He expects to go East by
way of San Francisco.
Slush ice is creating trouble on the
Yukon and Lewis rivers. The small
steamers are now afraid to attempt the
trip, as they cannot tell what day they
may be frozen. The slush ice freezes
to the .sides of the hulk, making navi
gation very slow and laborious. This
ice accumulates to such an extent that
It must be broken away with picks and
axes. As many of these boats as can
will winter at Lake Bennett, in order
to take their choice of runs between
Dawson and the new diggings at Lake
Atlin, according as the crowd goes
next spring.
Bill Gates, otherwise "Swiftwater
Bill," is said to be on the river bound
There are reports of rich strikes
of gold on the Stewart and Pelly rivers,
but as yet they are unconfirmed here.
The situation with reference to claims
at the new Atlin Lake diggings is be
coming more complicated. A large
number of locations have been jumped
and the stakes removed or changed. It
seems that the renulrement of the Brit
ish Columbia law that two weeks' work
must be put in on each claim before the
closed season begun, .September 15, was
not complied with in very many in
stances. This left the way open for
others to jump the '-cations, do the
two weeks' work and place themselves
In a position to legally record them
when the season reopens June 1 next.
This complication will retard what lit
tle winter work may be possible to get
things in shape for spring sluicing.
There are uncorroborated reports of
new strikes. Nothing further has been
heard from the caravan of horses and
men which left Lake Teslin for Lake
I Atlin a few weeks ago. The recorder
says that the Atlin City townsite will
[ be a Government reservation, and that
town lots and municipal privileges for
public accommodation will be leased.
McKenna is the name of the new re
"J. Brunser and wife," the latter be
ing Mrs. Francois Plgon-Mrs. Magal
lan, nee Refffel of San Francisco, who
failed to secure a divorce here, sailed on
the last southbound steamship City of
Topeku, probably on their return to San
Francisco.
The steamer Pilgrim, bound from
I Skaguay to Juneau, went ashore in a
storm last Friday on the Heward City
reef, near where the Clara Nevada was
lost last winter, and is reported to be a
total loss. No lives were lost.
The Farallon carries south to-night
! about eighty Klondikers, who, notwith
standing the slush ice and th<; heavily
j falling snow, succeeded, after consider
! able delay, In getting up the river. Alex
i McDonald takes this ship south. He,
I Ronald Morrison and others represent
a total Klondike value of ten million
dollars. Mr. McDonald has with him
certified checks for $150,000, and one
hundred ounces of gold dust, worth at
Dawson, at a valuation of $16 an ounce,
nearly $20,000. No finer specimens of
nuggets or purer fine gold ever came
out of the Klondike. Mr. McDonald
takes this weight of gold with him
simply as a sample to exhibit to the
Iry curious while en route to London
d in the world's financial center
len he arrives there. The general
mment about this financially regal
rsonage as he was seen on the streets
d In the hotels here to-night was:
'He looks the least like any kind of
King that I ever saw," and he doea.
tis newest of the new millionaires is
t less than six feet tall, nearly 50
ars of age and rather slow and un
nding in manner — unbending not
from lack of cordiality but from lack
of practice in bowing in spiketail coats,
hiKh collars and "biled" shirts. He
will wear when he gets to "civiliza
tion," as he does now, a broad-brimmed
white felt hat, a brown wool shirt, a
brown coat, trousers of a bluish tinge
and tall lace boots. He said he did not
care much about notoriety, and guessed
that a good deal more had been printed
about him thun he had ever seen.
Thomas Jackson, who once was a
dishwasher in a restaurant in Juneau.
has been into the new diggings at Lake
Atlin and is going below on the next
ship. He was in with the first rush and
comes out with $2000, the result of a
few weeks' cleanup without sluice
boxes. Jackson and partner, raised by
their streak of luck from lowly posi
tion to one of affluence and great pros
pects, own the town to-night, next to
McDonald, and are celebrating their
sudden elevation in an entirely different
way than the five-time millionaire
They have had a crowd drinking at
their expense for three hours.
FUNERAL OF QUEEN
LOUISE OF DENMARK
Imperial Mourners Follow the Coffin
to the Chapel of
Frederics: V.
COPENHAGEN, Oct. 15.— The funeral
services over the remains of Queen
Louise of Denmark took place at 2 o'clock
this afternoon in the cathedral of
Roskilde. The King of Denmark, the Czar
of Russia, the Princess of Wales and all
the imperial and royal mourners arrived
there by special train at 1:45 p. m. They
drove to the cathedral, which was filled
with a distinguished company.
The King of Denmark, who was greatly
affected, followed the ooffln. Then came
the King of Greece, the Crown Prince of
Denmark, King Oscar of Sweden and
Norway and others In full uniform. The
contrasting colors of the uniforms formed
a striking picture.
All took seats in the church, with the
ladies of the party. At the conclusion of
the services the coffin was borne with the
same ceremony to the Chapel of Frederick
V. where the final rites were performed.
The mourners then returned to Bernstorff
Castle.
ADDITIONAL ARRESTS
OF ANARCHIST PLOTTERS
What the Bombs Contained That
Were Intended to Destroy
Emperor William.
ALEXANDRIA, Egypt, Oct. 15.—Sev
eral additional arrests have been made
In connection with the plot against Em
peror William, who is now on his way to
the Holy Land to be present at the con
secration of the Church of the Savior at
Jerusalem.
The explosive in the bombs was fulmin
ate of mercury. Another box of bombs
was found upon a table in the residence
of the cafekeeper who was arrested
Thursday morning. With the box were
two bottles of wine and a quantity of
provisions, as though they had been pre
pared for a traveler. They were prob
ably intended to be taken by one of the
copsplrators taken into custody, who had
engaged a place as a waiter in a hotel at
Jerusalem, and had secured passage on
a Kheviedeh liner sailing for Jaffa to
day.
NOT ON THE BALLOT.
Chicago Platform Democracy Shut
Out Through a Notary's Mistake.
ALBANY, N. V., Oct. 15.— The State
ticket of the Chicago platform of the De
mocracy will not go on the official ballot.
The certificate placing this independent
ticket in the field was received by the
Secretary of State at 11 o'clock last night,
and in examining it he found the urst
jurat of the notary public on the Uloter
County petition defective, and notified the
committee The error was not corrected
before the time for tiling expired at mid
night, so the Secretary of 3tate has ruied
that the whole certificate is defective and
its nominees cannot go on the official
ballot.
Seals Were Plentiful .
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 15.— The Victoria
arrived to-day with 1768 sealskins. Cap
tain Haan says seals were plentiful, es
pecially northwest of the islands. Three
other schooners with catches aggregat
ing 2700 are reported. The catch will be
better for the number of boats engaged
than last year.
THE MAGIC NUMBER.
"I often hear of the magic number,"
said some on°. "What number is it?"
"Why, nine, of course," replied some
one else. "There are nine muses, you
know, and you talk of a nine-days'
wonder. Then you bowl at nine-pins,
and a cat has nine lives."
"Nonsense," broke in another. "Seven
is the magic number. Seventh heaven,
don't you know, and all that. Seven
colors in the rainbow; seven days in
the week; seventh son of a seventh son
— great fellow; and — "
"Tush, tush," remarked a third.
"Fives the number you mean. A man
has five fingers on his hand and five
toes on his foot and he has five senses;
and — "
"Three is undoubtedly the magic
number," interrupted another, "because
people give three cheerß, and Jonah was
inside a whale three days and three
nights, and if at first you don't suc
ceed, try, try again — thret times, you
see."
This was received with some con
tempt by the company and a Boulf ul
youth gushed out:
"Two, oh, two is the magic number.
One's self and one other. The adored
one. Just us two."
A hard-featured individual, w r ho had
been listening to the conversation hith
erto unmoved, here remarked in a harsh
voice:
"The magic number is number one in
this world, and if you want to succeed
never forget it."
An interval of deep thought on the
part of all followed, after which they
went in silently to supper.— Brooklyn
Citizen.
POSTOFFTCE ODDITIES.
There is something very touching in
the confidence of the public in the
powers and sagacity of the Postofflce
Department. A correspondent once ad
dressed a letter thus:
"To the gentleman who looked at a
house near Cleobury Mortimer a little
time ago, Bilston. Staffordshire."
Within fmir days of the arrival -or the
communication the department succeeded
in nnding the gentleman, and duly deliv
ered the letter.
The department, however, had to con
feßß itself beaten by the request of an
old lady of Greenock, who wrote out a
telesrram to her home to say that she
should not be home till morning,
ami asked that the latchkey should be
sent together with the electric message.
Another disappointed applicant whs a
young man who entered the Northampton
postofflce and asked at the counter for a
marriage license, stating that he wished
to get married without any one knowing
It. It was a long time before he could be
persuaded that the sale of marriage li
censes belonged to another department of
the administration, and that hte postofflce
was powerless to help him.— London Ex
chanpv.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
Requires for cure careful attention to
diet, and the gentle but positive sto-
mach - toning, digestion - promoting,
appetite-giving qualities of Hood's
jarsaparilla. The "magic touch" of
this medicine in cases of dyspepsia
has often excited wonder, praise and
gratitude. If you or your friends
suffer from dyspeptic troubles, we
earnestly recommend
America's Greatest Medicine.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine.
Hood's Pills cure all liver ilia. 22 cents.
DECLARE THEY
DID NOT SHOOT
Guards Testify at the
Virden Inquest.
SAW NO ONE ELSE FIRE
HAD NO TIME TO WATCH THEIR
COMRADES.
Men Employed to Defend the Coal
Company's Property Are Seek
ing to Shield the
Murderers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIRDEN, 111., Oct. 15.— The Coroner's
jury had two sessions to-day at the
stockade, where it examined several
witnesses. They were ex-guards who
are under nominal arrest by the militia,
and for whom a blanket warrant was
sworn out yesterday, charging them
with conspiracy to murder in connec
tion with Wednesday's fight. The tes
timony was practically the same as
given by their companions Friday.
The general idea conveyed was that
while the men were employed to defend
the property of the Chicago- Virden Coal
Company they not only did not fire any
shots themselves, but they had no time
to see whether any of their comrades
fired upon the mob. This applied to
the guards stationed inside the grounds.
The members of the train escort either
declined tv answer on that point or
that they did not remember.
The coal company has several wit
nesses to examine, including Manager
Lukens, and it win take one or more
days to conclude. *
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— Mr. Mills re
ceived a telegram late this afternoon
from the Chicago-Virden Coal Company
at Virden, 111., telling him to keep the
fifty-seven negro miners here, the coal
company to pay the expense. The tele
gram said that the negroes would be
kept in St. Louis until protection for
them at Virden could be had, and that
they would then be taken there and put
to work in the mines at that place.
Thiel's men and the police imme
diately began to round up the blacks,
who had scattered around the city, and
took them to the Four Courts, where
they will be kept until other quarters
are secured.
ANTI-SEMITIC RIOTS
IN AUSTRIAN GALICIA
Peasants Attack and Plunder the
Jewish Quarter, Killing
Ten Persons.
LONDON, Oct. 16.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Observer reports that
anti-Semitic riots occurred at Kossow, in
Austrian Galicia, on Friday night, when
a number of peasants attacked and plun
dered the Jewish quarter, killing ten per
sons and wounding many others. The
movement is said to be spreading. Troops
have been dispatched to the scene.
Horse Stolen From Corrigan.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Populist, a steeple
chaser of national reputation, was stolen
from the Corrigan stables at the Haw
thorne track to-day. The horse, which
was brought here from Kentucky a month
ago, was valued at $10,000.
. ■ • ;
liafife l <w?^^ . • -JZsisiS
HUDYAN is the greatest remedio-treatment that has ever
been produced by any combination of physicians. It cures
prematurity. The HUDYAN remedio-treatment cures the dis-
eases and disabilities of men. It is a remedio-treatment for
men only. It cures nervous weakness, spermatorrhoea, losses
and pimples. HUDYAN cures depression of spirits, bashfulness,
inability to look frankly into the . eyes of another, hUDYAN
cures headache, dimness of sight, weak memory, loss of voice.
HUDYAN cures stunted growth, dyspepsia, constipation. HUD-
YAN cures weakness or pains in the small of the back, loss of
muscular power, gloomy, melancholy forebodings. HUDYAN
can be had from the doctors of the HUDSON MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, and from no one else. You need HUDYAN when
the facial nerves twitch, as there is certain to be an irritation at
their centers in the brain. You need HUDYAN when there is a
: decline of the nerve force, because this decline shows a lack of
nerve life, which may develop into nervous debility and then
possibly into nervous prostration. If you have harassed your
nerves, if you have knotted or gnarled them, if you have abused
your nerves, the best thing for you to get is H U DYAN. You
.: can get HUDYAN only from us. HUDYAN cures varicocele,
hydrocele, dizziness, falling sensations, despair, sorrow and
misery. Consult the HUDSON doctors about HUDYAN in
their offices — they occupy a building of thirty rooms or write
for circulars and testimonials of the great HUDYAN. Call for
information or write for circulars and" testimodials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets,
S/\IN FRANCISCO, CMC.
* A
BONAPARTE DID
NOT JOIN THEM
Plotters' Plan Rejected
by the Prince.
EMISSARIES TURNED BACK
FRENCH GOVERNMENT HAD
BEEN WARNED.
Sole Consequences of the Abortive
Conspiracy Will Be the Dis
placing of Several High,
Army Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— Special dispatcheg
from Paris say that the sole conse
quences of the abortive attempt at a
military coup d'etat will be the early
displacement of several officers of high
PARIS. Oct. 15.— The anti-revision
papers regard the reported discovery of
a military plot against the Government
as being pure invention. The Figaro
says it is informed that the French
generals agree in declaring that their
duty Is to show absolute obedience to
the Government.
The Gaulois classed the affair as a
"conspiracy without conspirators." But,
in spite of this, the papers which an
i nounced the conspiracy insist upon the
i exactness of their information.
The Petite Republique Francaise
j points out that there has been no offi
j cial denial of the reported conspiracy.
The Aurore asserts that the Govern
i ment received warning of the plot from
different sources and posseses import -
! ant documentary evidence and state
| ments of witnesses.
According to the Petit Bleu, the gen
erals engaeed in the plot met at Ver
i sailles and sent emissaries to Prince
\ Victor Bonaparte. The hesitation of
I Prince Victor, however, obliged them to
I turn in another direction. The Govern
! ment, the Petit Bleu adds, has received
a number of reports in regard to the
plot, one of them calling attention to
the absence of a certain commander of
an army corps from his headquarters.
The Paix states that Prince Victor
Bonaparte left Turin October 8 and ar
rived in Brussels October 12. The
paper adds that, during this interval,
Prince Victor crossed the French fron
tier several times.
MILITARY DETAILS IN
PARIS DECREASED
PARIS, Oct. 16.— The military details
were decreased in strength to-day, ex
cept in the case of troops on duty at
the railroad depots. The detachment
on duty at the Town Hall, near the La
bor Exchange, which has hitherto been
composed of a company of infantry and
two troops of cavalry, has been en
tirely withdrawn. In addition the sol
| diers are no longer confined to barracks
and are promenading tht streets as
freely as usual. - ♦ *
Outside of Paris the same state of af
fairs prevails. The troops have been
withdrawn from the railroad station at
Rouen, where all fear of trouble has
vanished.HAS WELLMAN
FOUND TRACES
OF ANDREE?
So Stated by Swedish
Journals.
EVELYN BALDWIN'S LETTER
TELLS OF FINDING DESERTED
CAMP IN FRANZ JOSEF LAND.
Considerable Confidence Felt in Stock
holm That the Daring Explorer
Safely Landed With His
Balloon.
Sr^c'.al Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— A Chicago
special to the Herald says: Swedish
Journals which have just arrived from
Stockholm claim to have positive in
formation that Walter Wellman, the
American explorer, has found traces of
Andree in Franz Josef Land.
They assert without qualification that
Captain Ernst Andree, brother of the
polar aeronaut, has a letter from Eve
lyn Baldwin, second in command of the
Wellman expedition. The letter is
dated at Cape Tegethoff, August 7. Mr.
Baldwin is made to say that the mem
bers of the expedition landing at this
point ran upon a deserted camp evi
dently occupied only recently by Eu
ropeans. There were fresh footprints
In the snow, but no message or letter
had been left among the remnants of
the camp.
The last known vessel to have
touched this point was one of an Aus
trian expedition of twenty-five years
ago.
"The traces we found," so the Swed
ish journals say Mr. Baldwin wrote,
"could have been only a few weeks old.
We could not remain, but moved the
stores left at Cape Flora for Andree to
Cape Tegethoff, in case Andree and his
companions returned to this camping
ground. Andree may have been miles
in the interior or other expeditions may
have passed close to each other. We
remained as long as we could and then
Btarted north, leaving a message."
The confidence of the Stockholm pa
pers In the message that the tracks
might have been those of Andree and
his men is helped out by the claims of
sh scientists that this is about
where Andree ought to have been at
that time. Baron Nordenskjold said re
garding it:
"The traces found by the Wellman
lition are undoubtedly from An
dree and his companions. If th" bal
loon has crossed the poie it has landed
either on the American or Asiatic con
tinent. As to the message not having
received direct from Andree or
from other sources, during our Veja
journey from the 2Sth of September,
1878, until July IS, 1879, when we re
maineJ in winter quarters, It was not
until September 17, 1579, that we could I
communicate with the outside world." |
THE YOUNG BRIDES PARTY.
There is a young married couple on
one of the handsomest avenues of the
city. Late last winter they decided to
pay of! some of their social obligations
by giving an evening party. On the
night fixed for the event the house was
illuminated from basement to attic. The
refreshments provided would fill a box
car, the caterer was on hand with his
staff of assistants, and an air of eager
expectancy pervaded the entire estab
lishment.
At 8:30 the husband frowned at his
watch and denounced all people who
thought it smart to be late at a party.
At nine the nervous young wife was at
the front gate, looking both ways, dry
ing her eyes on a flimsy bit of lace and
showing unmistakable symptoms cf
hy6teria.
At 9:30 she. with pale face, steely eyes
and hard voice, was telling her husband
what good society she had before she
married, and how glad all her friends
were to attend any entertainment that
she might give. He replied by saying
that she might possibly recall how he
was always in demand in the most ex
clusive set, which never seemed to
think her membership necessary to its
existence. She bit her lips that the
servants might not hear the things she
would say, and he chewed the ends of
his mustache in impotent wrath. Sud
denly the white heat of her wrath over
came her when he said he had won
dered why none of his oldest and best
chums had never mentioned the party,
but now he understood. She hissed an
avowal that fhe would go to her girl
hood home and never see him again,
turning and rushing to her room as she
Kpoke. A piercing shriek filled the house
and he hurried to her. There she sat
upon the floor, in all her finery, point
ing to a pile of envelopes in her new
writing desk.
They were the invitations that had
never been sent! — Detroit Free Press.
PRIMITIVE ICEMAKING.
The most ancient method of making ice
ajipc-.irs to be that practiced in India.
Holes are made in the ground, dry straw
is put at the bottom of these, and on it,
at the olose of the day, are placed pans
of water, which are left until the next
morning, when the ice. is found within
the jians is collected. The industry is
carried on only in districts where the
ground is dry and will readily absorb
•.por given off from the water in the
p.'in;--. The freezing, of courso. is due to
the great amount of heat absorber] by
the vapor in passing from Its liquid to
its gaseous form.— Now York Ledger.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"77"
for
The approach of Winter brings
misery to the feeble who do not use
"Seventy-seven."
"77" taken now fortifies the
system; secures immunity
from sickness.
"77" "breaks up" a Cold at
first quicker than if it is per-
mitted to "run on."
"77" cures Grip, Colds, In-
fluenza, Catarrh. Pains and
Soreness in the Head and
Chest, Cough and Sore Throat.
At druggists or sent prepaid: price, 2'.c and
EOc; large pocket flask, $100. Dr. Humphreys'
Manual at druggists or sent free.
Humphreys' Med. Co., cor. Willla-.i and John
Bt»., New York. Be sure to get
H-U-M-P-H-R-E-Y-S
DR. ANDREE and His Companions— Chart of the Polar Regions.
The miniature picture of the balloon shows the point from which the expedition
started, while the black square near Franz Josefs Land marks the place where
traces of a camp were discovered.
KOZLDWSKI'S MOST
UNIQUE LAWSUIT
Action of the Priest Now
in Court.
DAMAGED BY ANNOUNCEMENT
THE READING OF THE LETTER
OF EXCOMMUNICATION.
Why the Leader in an Independent
Parish Claims Damages From.
the Roman Catholic
Church.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— The second step
in the prosecution of one of the most
unique suits ever brought in an Amer
ican court, the suit for $50,000 damages
against the officials of the Roman
Catholic church for publishing the ma
jor rite of excommunication against a
former priest of their faith, Father An
thony Kozlowski of the All Saints' In
dependent Polish Catholic Church, has
been taken in the Circuit Court in the
filing of the declaration co-ntaining the
itemized complaint of the independent
prelate.
The document sets up in its opening
lines that the plaintiff of his own voli
tion formally severed all connection with
the Roman Catholic church on May 7,
1897, at which time the independent
parish of aII Saints was organized.
The specific charge against the Arch
bishop and Cardinal Ledcchowskl, who
were made defendants in the action, is
that, knowing their power to influence
the people over whom they had ecclesi
astical Jurisdiction, with intent to in
jure the plaintiff, they caused a letter
to be read in all the pulpits of the dio
cese forbidding all true members of the
Roman Catholic church from associa
tion in the slightest degree with the
plaintiff under nain of being them
selves placed under the ban of the
church.
Father Kozlowski asserts that
through this letter, which was read as
directed on July 3, 1898, he has been put
to great inconvenience and has suffered
financial loss through the lessening of
his receipts in parish collections and
has been prevented from making ad
vantageous commercial transactions
through the distrust engendered by the
publication of the letter.
In addition to his financial losses the
litigant priest declares that he has sus
tained great injuries through the dam
age to his reputation through the ac
tion of the Cardinal and the Arch
bishop. _____
WITS WHO DINED WITH BOORS.
One of the most interesting houses in
London is said to be on the point of con
version and reconstruction. It is the house
in the middle of the west side of Leicester
sciuare where Sir Joshua Reynolds lived
from 1760 to the day of his death. It had
previously been occupied by Henry Mor
land, the father of the faaious George
Morland and was bought by Sir Joshua
for £16&(5. He spent another £1500 in ad
ditions and alterations, signalized hia
house-warming by a ball, and set up a
magnificent chariot, richly carved and
gilded, to suit his new grandeur.
In the dining-room Sir Joshua constant
ly entertained all the best-known men of
hie time including Dr. Johnson, Gold
smith Garrlck, Burke, Sterne, Hogarth,
VVilkes Allan Ramsay, and a score of
others "who formed the brilliant Literary
Club of which the great painter was the
founder There, doubtless. In the familiar
lines of' the author of the "Retaliation"
"When they talked of their Raphaels,
Correggios, and stuff, he shifted his trum
pet and only took snuff."
At these dinner parties, according to
Malone, though the wine and the dishes
were of the beat, there seemed to be a
tacit agreement that mind should predom
inate over body. The table, we are told,
though set only for aeven or eight, often
had to accommodate double that number,
there was usually a deficiency of knives,
forks and glasses, and the guests had to
bawl for more supplies, while the host
calmly left every one to shift for him
self, though he lost not a word, if he
could help it, of the conversation.—Lon
don Tlmea,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
SAYS GARNETT
WAS LURED ON
BY DETECTIVES
Porter Ashe Makes
Accusations.
SPEAKS OF A CONSPIRACY
BOGUS LOVE MESSAGE SENT
FROM SAN RAFAEL.
Young Swain Who Annoyed the Ho
bart Household Is Released
Prom Custody on His Own
Rs cognizance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 15.— "1 say right
here — and I wish my statements clearly
understood — this man Garnett is the
Facsimile of the Drawing Sent by Edgar Malcolm Garnett to
Walter Hobart.
victim of a foul conspiracy to railroad
him Into an insane asylum in order that
Captain Callundan of Harry Morse's
Detective Agency may make a few dol
lars. He was decoyed to San Rafael In
order that he might be arrested. We
have perfect proof of this, and if pro
ceedings are not quashed I will spring
some of the most sensational disclos
ures that ever surprised the public.
Mark my word, as soon as a conference
Is held Garnett will be released."
These were the words of Attorney R.
Porter Ashe to-day shortly before the
examination of Edgar Malcolm Gar
nett was held on the charge of Insanity
because he had written a number of love
letters to several society ladies. The
conference was held, and to the great
surprise of the large number of attor
neys, physicians, witnesses and others
/present Ashe's prophecy proved liter
ally true. Garnett was released on his
own recognizance.
Early this morntn<* Attorney Ashe
came to San Rafael in company with
Louts A. Garnett, the father of the man
accused of insanity, and an elder broth
er. They went immediately to the office
of Attorney James W. Cochrane, who
was retained to take charge of Ho
bart's side of the case with Attorney E.
J. McCutcheon, and a secret conference
was held.
Later Attorneys McCutcheon and
Hall McAllister, who was expected to
give important evidence; Captain Cal
lundan and Detective Cleary made
their appearance.
At 3 o'clock a room adjoining the Su
perior Court room at the Courthouse
was crowded with a large number of
the curious in anticipation of spicy pro
ceedings, as it was rumored that Attor
ney Ashe meant to fight the_case. Dr.
W. J. Wickman and Dr. W. H. Jones
were present to make the medical ex
amination.
Garnett was brought in and took his
seat by Ashe, quietly awaiting develop
ments. His father and brother paced
nervously up and down the corridors
and held several quiet discussions with
their friends.
Shortly after Ashe's sensational
charges a conference was held between
McCutcheon, Ashe and the District At
torney. Ashe spoke excitedly and
threatened to "put the newspapers on"
to something. The District Attorney
advised against this but finally an
agreement was reached and word was
sent to Dr. Wickman.
The physician then arose and stated
that no charges would be preferred
against Garne-tt, and accordingly noth
ing was to b.; done. Everybody was
surprised and walked out, eagerly
questioning the reason of the sudden
change. Garnett was released on hiß
own recognizance and left for home
with his relatives.
The reason given to the public for the
dismissal of proceedings was that Gar
nett's father and brother had promised
to place him in a private asylum.
Ashe refused to state his proofs, but
said it could be demonstrated that
Morse's men tired of waiting for Gar
nett to come to San Rafael and tele
phoned to him that a lady wished
to ,3ee him while he was at the home
of Jerome A. Lincoln. It is known that
Detective Cleary has waited around the
broad gauge depot for Garnett for over
a week. He denies that Garnett was
lured to San Rafael.
The lett rs sent to the ladies by the
alleged insane; man could not be seen.
The picture he sent to Walter Hobart,
in which Hobart was represented as
cutting his head off with a broadax,
was cleverly executed, and shows Gar
'nett in the ant of lifting a glass of li
quor to his lips while the head is fall
ing.
Return of the Wheeling.
SEATTLE, Oct. IS.— The gunboat
Wheeling arrived to-day after a long
cruise between Sltka, Alaska, and Bering:
Sea ports. She had on board the Govern
ment survey party of thirty members
under Captain Pratt, who has for the
past three months been .surveying the
delta of the Yukon River. Rough weather
was experienced by the Wheeling while
coming down the coast. She will sail for
San Francisco next week.
FROST CHECKS FEVER.
Cold Wave Welcomed in Affected
Southern Districts.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 15.— The occur
rence of frost In the various States of the
South Is welcomed by the Marine Hos
pital authorities, who look for a rapid
discontinuance of the fever. The frost
is reported officially at Jackson, Stark
ville. Columbia and Holly Springs, Mlhs.
To-day's dispatches regarding yester
day's new cases in Mississippi report a
total of fifty-nine.
Fire at Live Oak.
YUBA CITY, Oct. 15.-A lire to-day at
Live Oak, ten miles north of this place,
started In a hall over the livery stable of
J. C. Porter, destroying this building, the
barns of Porter S. Bokman. H. J. God
fery and Mrs. Ruth Crum and the resi
dence of Mrs. Crum with its contezi-s.
The loss Is about 15000; Insurance 52500.
GERMANS WOULD
HAVE A REGENCY
Much Talk Concerning
Emperor's Absence.
COST OF THE JUNKET ABROAD
URGED THAT WILLIAM SHOULD
GET FINANCIAL AID.
Meat Becoming So Scarce in the Fath
erland That Horse and Dog
Flesh Are Being
Used.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Oct. 15. — Emperor Wil
liam's departure for the Orient haa
started a discussion as to the advisa
bility of the establishment of a re
gency.
The Freislnnige Zeitung says:
"Where the Emperor and King of Prus
sia leaves the country for any length
of time, as in the present instance, a
duly empowered person ought in the
meanwhile to seize the reins of govern
ment." It urges that the matter be
brought before the Reichstag.
A number of the leading Liberal pa
pers support the regency proposition,
while several of the Conservative pa
pers scout this view. The constitution
of the empire does not appear to pro
vide for a regency. The presidency of
the German Bund is vested in the
King of Prussia, but nothing is said to
legalize the transfer of this dignity to
a regent of Prussia. In the mean
while the Emperor's brother, Prince
Henry, of Prussia, who would natural
ly be regent, is absent in China. The
next Prince available would be Prince
Frederick Leopold, son of the late
Prince Charles of Prussia, eldest
brother of Emperor William I, the
grandfather of the present Emperor.
The whole matter of the Emperor's trip
to the Holy Land will be threshed out
early during the coming session of the
Reichstag.
In Government circles the opinion is
expressed that it is not fair to expect
the Emperor to bear the entire expense
of the journey. It is said that the j
cost of his Majesty's trip, exclusive of j
presents and liberal baksheesh, will ;
amount to at least 5,000,000 marks. The \
costly gifts to the Sultan of Turkey
and to his harem, etc., also figure up
from 3,000,000 to 4,000,000 marks. There
fore, it is suggested, as the voyage is
expected to redound to Germany's
greater glory and advantage, that Par
liament ought to grant a credit to cover
the main expenses, more especially so
as otherwise the Emperor will have to
run into debt.
The Conservatives have answered the
Government's approaches favorably,
but the Centralists have replied with
a fiat negative. The party organ, the
Cologne Yolks Zeitung, which does not
relish the outspokenly Protestant char
acter of the expedition, says: "It
would be asking too much to expect all
Germans to put their hands In their
pockets in order to pay the home and
foreign pastors, Protestant Bishops and
the like, the coßt of their junketing in
the Orient."
The Berlin Neuste Nuchrichten
says: "If anybody can be expected to
pay for the trip it would be the Prus
sian Diet."
It is now said that Emperor William
intends to become a neighbor of Queen
Victoria in the Highlands of Scotland.
He has been inquiring for a purchasa
ble sporting estate in Scotland, provid
ing salmon fishing and grouse and deer
shooting.
In an interview on the subject of
Herr Moribe Busch's book on Prince
Bismarck, Dr. Schwetninger, the phy
sician of the deceased statesman, said:
"I voice the feelings of the Bismarck
family when I say they are indignant
at Herr Busch's book. It is not only
full of glaring errors and misrepresent
ations but it does grave injury to the
memory of Herr Busch's benefactor.
Besides, Herr Busch violated his sworn
duty in the capacity of the pensioned
ex-state official not to reveal state se
crets and not to publish state docu
ments. Moreover, his description of the
Fume's private habits ie utterly im
aginative."
The recall of Baron yon Bulov, the
German Minister at the Vatican, is
still greatly exercising the German
press. An official of the Foreign Of
fice said: "A successor to Yon Hulow
will not be appointed until we have re
ceived satisfactory assurances regard
ing the Vatican's attitude toward our
right to protect our own subjects in the
Orient. In this case, however, there is not
the slightest chance of a renewal of the
rr-pture nor the least intention of inter
fering with the hierarchy or to disci
pline the various holy orders, nor is
there any animosity whatever on our
part toward the Holy See."
The inadequate meat supply of Ger
many, owing to the barriers erected
against foreign cattle, hogs and meat,
continues. From Australia solely
some 8000 head of cattle have been ad
mitted, and Russia supplied about 80,
000 pigs. The imports are quite insuf
ficient to cope with the requirements
which the home supply fails to meet.
Prices have risen steadily for months
past, and they are now 20 per cent
above those of 1897. The slaughtering
of horses for food has greatly increased,
especially in the large cities, and dog ;
flesh is openly advertised.
In the Chemnitz Neuste Nachrichten
"fat young dogs" forms a standing ad
vertisement.
The Prussian Minister of Interior has
forbidden the Berlin municipal author
ities to renew the iron fence around
the graves of the victims of the March
rising of 1848. on the ground that such
a renewal will "redound to the glorifi
cation of revolution."
A brewing company af Eisenach has
decided to buy the famous Luther
house there and convert it into a res
taurant. The Government office is be
ing urged to prevent one of Germany's
most historical landmarks from being
put to such a use.
Influenza has again broken out in
Berlin and many fashionable people
are prostrated.
The Government has now definitely
decided to appoint permanently a naval
attache at Washington, who will reach
his post in January.
Killed by an Explosion.
i Claes Joel Arntoerg was killed by a pre-
I mature blast while at work In Vandercook
! & Co.'s quarry at San Pablo, Alameda
County, yesterday afternoon about 5
o'clock. He had been working for t.ie
company for three years and during tlfat
time had occasion to fire off many blasts.
After placing the fuse and explosive in a
i hole drilled in rock and when about to set
ilt off it exploded. He was horribly man
i gled. He was taken to Brown's under
taking parlors, Oakland. He leaves a
father and mother who reside in Sweden
and two brothers and four sisters.
Twelve Horses Burned.
CARSON. Nev.. Oct. 15.— The barn cf
J. W. Haines at Genoa, Nev., was totally
destroyed by flre last night, together
with its contents, consisting of 150 tons
of hay and twelve horses. Loss 16000; in
surance JI2OQ,
MURDER DONE AT
RANDOLPH FLAT
Fatal Quarrel of Farm
Employes.
WHISKY INCITES TO CRIME
ROBERT HOOPER SLAYS MARK
CASEY.
Kills His Victim With a Single Bul
let From a Winchester and Then
Riddles the Prostrate
Body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRASS VAL T **v. Oct. 15.— A murder
horrible in its details was committed
at Mrs. Mitchell's ranch at Randolph
Flat, three miles west of here, late this
afternoon. Mark Casey and Robert
Hooper, employed on the ranch, had
been on a spree for several days. To
day they quarreled, and, according to
Mrs. Mitchell, Casey applied an epi
thet to Hooper which angered him.
Hooper went into the house and got
a Winchester rifle. The two met sub
sequently in the yard and, according
to a witness, Casey threatened to brain
Hooper with an ax. Hooper opened
fire. The first bullet is believed to have
been fatal, yet Hooper shot away at
his victim a half dozen times after
ward. Casey's head was partially
blown off.
Hooper made his escape and has not
yet been found by the officers. Both
men had violent tempers.
THE FRENCHMEN OF ASIA.
Persians struck me often as much re
sembling 1 Frenchmen in their love of
compliments and courtly phrases, and
by their mannerisms of talk and gesticu
lation; and when they waxed eloquent
about their feats of war and their prow
ess in the chase they would put the im
mortal Tartarian himself to the blush.
I fancy that Persians would, however,
be considerably astonished were they to
hear their language as spoken in the
France of the Orient. French taught by
Austrians to Persians must necessarily
undergo remarkable changes as regards
accent, and I met few Persians out of
Teheran who had the slightest respect for
gender. "11" was the only personal pro
noun used, and as .hey seemed to im
agine all adjectives need only be used in
the masculine, it was often most confus
ing to follow a conversation. I have had
to listen to long family histories in which
wives, sisters, brothers and a variety of
other relation? were all mixed up indis
criminately, the effort to understand who
was who leaving my brain in a perfect
whirl.— An English Lady in Persia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why Women Cannot |§|b=S^-»^ Vn ' "^
- Sleep." *'7^te~j
Hie highly organised, IJUm/j/JLv"^
ely-strung nervous l///fif>'/ II j ft» a, 1/'*
jtera of women sub- *"•"■""' J^-
jects them to terrors of nervous apprehen-
sion which no man can ever appreciate.
The peace of mind, the mental poise and
calmness under difficulties, which is neces-
sary for happy womanhood is only possible
when the sensitive feminine organism is in
a perfectly healthy condition. If there be
any weakness or derangement in this re-
spect no remedy in the world so com-
pletely restores womanly health, nervous
vigror and capability as the wonderful
"Favorite Prescription" invented by Dr.
R. V. Pierce, chief consulting physician of
the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute
of Buffalo, N. Y. It purifies, heals and
strengthens; insures functional regularity;
provides physical reinforcement and sus-
taining power at periods of special weak-
ness and depression.
It is the only medicine which makes
the coming of baby safe and comparatively
easy. In a personal letter to Dr. Pierce,
Mrs. Marguerite Collin, of Cutler, Algoma
Co., Ont, says:
" I was a sufferer and was cured by Dr.
Pierce's wonderful medicine. When I com-
menced the medicine I could neither e«t nor
sleep. My hands and feet were constantly cold;
I had a wasting, troublesome drain for three
months, ~\t\(\ ray monthly periods were never
regular. I took Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion and it cured me. I feel well. I thank the
World's Dispensary Medical Association."
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
*nP r»» Full Set of Teeth
i*> V*ff /&A extracting free $5 00 ap
jy*A^T?%^ Gold Crowns 22k $350 up
AF— -nß^Xja^ V Fillings ... 25 cts. up
jf .*^ts93i3Rt*-_O Open Hvenings& SundaTi
ir^2oi^C~s VAN VROOM
V^/ry*VN? Electro Dental Parlors
**K ipNT Sixth and Market
w ' . Dr. GW. Klelsar, Prop*
]?Itt'c! Ppdqiti Uqltti $&&&>£ ly '£^lsA
MV S Ddlil MlflWSJ^wwl
Cleanses the Nasal H^^fS^Sl
Passages. flllays Pain H£'£ m^ t **ia^*Oj
aoa Inflammatioo. l!»>»^^''S'*jt'iB
Restores trje Senses of Igj^i v'j-t/cB
Taste aod Srrjell. fM^ > - N^^^
HEfiLS THE SORES. BJSjßr"^ Jwh.
Apply Balm Into each nos- B I_^---r«3B^SH|
trll. ELY BROS., at; Warren W^^^^^Q
j^^^i RUPTURE.
H&ATT/'y'iiH USE NO MORE inoN
pßmgfß^Jti rffM^^HocDs or Steel Spring!.
B^'WBfjffJj'"' Rupture retained with east
fl-^*n§nC*t and comfort, and thousand! radl-
■ JWL^ catly. CURED by DR. PIERCE'3
% /a*- Magnetic Elastic Ttuks. . CTCall at
V^ly office or write for New Pamphlet No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
610 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel. San Francises
DR.MCNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND EELIABT.KOLD
1 Specialist cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rn' experience,
Patients cured at Home. Terms reu_oii»ble. HoursO
to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'gß. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly coniiilentlal. Call.oraddreaa
I>r. P. ROSCOE SfcXULTY,
2«# Ifcearny St., Han Francisco, Cal.
T>T3TTCTJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
15 U OXIXLO ers - bootblacks, bath-
*"*■*■■•***' *•"?". ■! houses. 1 billiard tables.
' brewers, bookbinders. ; candy- makers, nners.
dyers, flourm'Us. foundries.* laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, r - painters," »hoe  factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FREE CURE
FOR
ASTHMA.
Over 300 sufferers tried DOCTOR
ROUXEL'S Trial Treatment Asthma
; Cure. Orer 99 per cent continued
the treatment. That speaks for
itself. Sufferers may call
Monday. Tuesday and Wednesday, October
17th, 18th and 19th, at Doctor Rouxel's office,
from 11 a. m. to 4 p. m.. for a free sample of
his CELEBRATED ASTHMA CURE.
The doctor wants each sufferer from Asthma,
Hay Fever or Bronchitis in this city to call and
get one. When asked regarding his reasons for
giving his remedy away In this manner he
said: "People are naturally skeptical about an
asthma remedy, and when you consider the
number of so-called 'cures' on the market you
can hardly blame them. Now I claim that my
Cure cures. It will instantly relieve the most
violent attack. It has permanently cured thou-
sands who had been considered Incurable. If
I did not believe it why should I be giving It
away? The sufferer who gets a sample can
tell whether It is as I represent it. and It
■ doesn't cost him a cent. That is fair, isn't It?"'
It certainly does not look as If anything could
be fairer. Those living in the city or vicinity
I must call at office. Those living at a distance
can receive prepaid free sample by addressing.
This liberal offer will only extend until
Wednesday evening, October 19th. Those ap-
plying for sample bottle after the above date
will receive same at office, or prepaid by mall,
on receipt of fifty cents.
DOCTOR ROUXEL,
323 Kearny Street.
Hours— ll a. m. to 4p. m. and 7toB p. m.
Sundays— ll to 12. .
■--.-■-.- -;
|i PREMIER :
![ More Smith-Premiers sold than |
'! any three others combined. ,i
j' —ART CATALOGUE FREE— ]
\ L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO., \
< PACIFIC COAST AGENTS, ||
/ 110 Montgomery Street, !;
( SAN FRANCISCO. ]|
FOR
MAYORS
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND '<
ttON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE. -
FOR...
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
HUH ■ ■*■"■ ™
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
REPUBLICAN. NON-PARTISAN AJS POP-
ULIST NOMINEE.
W COUNTY CLERK,
COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FOR CORONER
AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
SS£ MODES Bflil
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
For CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
2_ PARTY NOMINEE.
OOOOOOOOOOOOO OQ
%*■"■* PALACE ™l
GRAND hotels a
I: BAH FRANCISCO. q,
■'' Connected by a covered passageway. *J
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *•
O All Under One Management. O
O > ; - : .r KOTK THE PRIOSS: Q
M Europoan Plan. Sl .oo per day and upward _
O American P1an.?3.00 per day and upward
t\ ■ Correspondence Solicited. Q
Jj JOHN 0. KIBKFATBICE. Managtr. q
aOOOOOOOQOQQOQOOOO
THE HOME REMEDY HoSinrbriiht
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS % ?hey* t o
wrnni . Fcr *11 these pains, irregularities and difficulties no
remedy on earth 4JL « ft Tb'tn, EasUyappUed by lady her-
eoua» "-- famous^ttilO'KlU self. Kelleve* all pain
djaHuf&WS In\.'omb or Ovaries in 10 mlontca.
« a Ba^^ Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and
■■$*S2p& BladderTroublcs.KalntnfM.Xervousness. Fear
%»©I6SS and Denpondency. t'uren LeMorrhcea, Womb
I'AS. fcSj Complaints, DNpla^mentJ, Backache, Bearing
*35^ tt'i Down Paias and all Fomnle Disorder*.
d ' Z' • 6«rene«s and Ulcerationn.^raA
I the spirits and A Itallzca ftf \IJ
Ab.olutoly nnrmlcM. One Safe, Sure will \Sjt7
Absolutely nnrmlewi. On* 50 efflt box will v^
complete a cure in ordinary eases. ■_ ■ __!_-_ _•__-
CTftDC tl T DIIUI^OLO BT ATX DRUG GISTS.
0 I Ur O ALL I Alii or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN in lllllllTrP !< f price !iy C^Caxton Bid.. <*!«*.
IN IU Hlln'llr^ ->•-" rfrrfoCn.CiTtnnKMf.Chltig.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. :S. j F.. and Oakland.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAK.NY A.Nt) iVASH-UsUTOiN £>TS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO European plan. Rooms 50c to %\ 60 day,
$5 to $8 week. fS to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; tiro crates la «Ter«.
room; elevator run* all nlffbt.
34
CITIZENS OF TWO COUNTIES
HEAR THE NEXT GOVERNOR
FAR ECLIPSED THE
MAGUIRE RALLY
Stockton's Welcome to
Mr. Gage.
PANDEMONIUM BREAKS LOOSE
MIGHTY CHEERS GREET HIS
APPEARANCE.
The Republican Leader and Others
Prominent in the Party Address
an Immense Political
Gathering.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 15.— San Joaquin
County pledged fealty to Henry T.
Gage to-day with evidences so unmis
takabie as to make glad the hearts of
the friends of good government. Never
in a Presidential election has there been
sin h a demonstration of popular feel
ing. The first ripples were observa
ble early this morning, when farmers
from all over the county began to drive
in with their families and make prep
orations to stay for* the big meeting
to-night. They were not old Repub
lican wheel horses alone; old-line Dem
ocrats were equally anxious to see,
hear and cheer the Republican stand
ard bearer. Many hours before Mr.
Gage's train was due. Gage buttons
and badges were everywhere to be
seen.
On the 12:10 train came Senator
George C. Perkins, always popular in
this county. He was met at the train
by a reception committee composed of
leading- Republicans and old-time per
sonal friends. He was escorted to the
Imperial Hotel, which speedily became
the Mecca for his party and personal
friends. Senator Perkins came down
from the mining region, having left
Valley Springs in the morning. He was
enthusiastic over the outlook for Gage.
'•I had about 22,000 majority," said
he. "I'D give Gage 25,000. Wherever
Mr. Maguire has been he has made
votes for the Republican ticket."
A large reception committee, headed
by Judges Smith and Swinnerton and
ex-Congressman Louttit, went up the
Oakdale line to meet the Gage party,
and when the train arrived here at o :'■'>')
o'clock with the distinguished pariy a
crowd which was full of enthusiasm
added noise to the bombs and music.
The appearance of Mr. Gage on the
platform was a signal for prolonged
cheering. After handshaking, he was
escorted to the Imperial, where he met
Senator Perkins and many citizens.
For an hour he was unable to get to
his rooms, as citizens thronged the ho
tel office and insisted on declaring their
allegiance and tendering respects to
the next Governor. It was very evi
dent that he was a plain man— a demo
crat in the literal sense of the word.
He enjoyed a few hours' rest, but at
nightfall, to use the language of the
small boy, "the trouble began."
Bonfires, music and an anvil chorus
created in the business part of town a
Fourth of* July din and glamour. By
7:89 Main and the intersecting business I
streets were so crowded that Superin- i
tendent LefTler of the street car lines
had to order a suspension of traffic on
the Main-street line until after the pa
rade should have passed.
Mr. Gage and Senator Pergins, in
carriages, accompanied by Chairman
Harkness of the County Committee and
leading citizens, left the hotel shortly
before 8 and were accorded an escort
to the pavilion Which was a credit to I
the enterprise of the Republican man
agers. First came a platoon of police,
followed by the Sixth Regiment Mili
tary band; then horsemen to the num
ber of 100, many from the country dis
tricts. Next came the Gage and Neff
Club, 400 strong, earn member carry
ing an American flag.
Bursting; bombs and cheers from the
densely thronged street greeted the
first portion of the procession, but when
the carriage ntaining Mr. Gage came
Into Fight there was wild enthusiasm.
The affair no mnrf resembled the re
ceptlon accorded Judge Maguire last
Monday evening than day resembles
night.
At the agricultural pavilion where the
meeting was held tho speakers' stand
had been moved to the north wing in
order to increase the acoustic proper
ties* The pavilion was decorated in the
national colors and prats had ber-n ar
ranged In such a systematic order that
the f i : s t 700 people to arrive did not
have any difficulty in finding seats and
2000 more found linprovlsed stats or
stood far out on the outskirts of the
mighty throng.
The following well-known citizens, in
cluding several Democrats, took their
places on the stage as vice presidents
of the meeting: N. B. Sperry. H. B.
Bishop, G. Alegretti, Tj. Musto, H. M.
Fanning, Ben F. Rolerson E. K. Pile.
J. C. Allen, E. Gieseke, M. LammerE,
C. Schiichtman Jr.. C. H. Needham,
Ben Canafe, John Chrisman, Captain R.
S. Johnson, It. E. Stacey. Andrew Wolf,
J. N. Bouthrey, C. X. Dodge, Molbrow
Haynes, A. Hohenachel, John Craven,
Dudley Sebree. Richard Lauxen, M. P.
Stein, H. N. Trumper, George C. Tur
ner, H. C. Holman. Dr. J. H. So*
per, James Ford, Dr. J. 11. M< -Laughlin,
J. C. Hammond, Dr. J. <■. Priestley, C.
G. Noble. C. M. Weber, L. 11. Lang,
John Kiff, William Ingiis, H. B.
Knight, George C. Earth, W. J. Golds
worthy, Gilman Chase, George W. Tat
terson, Dr. S. E. Latta, EL ' '. Sargent,
G. C. Hyatt, W. A. Horstmeyer, H. D.
Hansen, John Grattan, C. P. Rendon,
Julius Cohn, J. H. Collins, L. N. An
derson, J. C. McLaren, C. T. Rek
strom, John Patterson, Frank Fiola.
T. E. Wilkinson, C. M. Keniston, W.
B. Ambrose, G. W. Buchenau, Ed
Hart, S. H. Boardman, B. S. Meyers.
The appearance of Senator Perkins
and Mr. Gage on th.c platform was a
signal for the mighty audience to rise
and cheer repeatedly. Dr. Harkness,
chairman of the county committee, in
troduced Judge Ansel Smith, who in a
brief address cautioned the people that
there must be quiet in order that the
human voice might reach the assem
bled thousands.
The Glee Club gave a lively campaign
ditty and the chairman Introduced "The
Hon. Henry T. Gage, the next Gover
nor of California." _
Then bedlam eacapea and seemed to
have lodged in the assemblage. As Mr.
Gage stepped forward the people arose
en masse, cheered and cheered, took up
the echo and again sent it ud to the
rafters till the very shingles on the dry
structure must have tingled in the vi
bration. For nearly two minutes Mr.
Gage stood bowing his appreciation
and unable to proceed.
. Mr. Gage began his speech after the
most exuding day's work of the ardu
ous campaign, yet his powers of on
durance were equal to the emergency.
His voice, too, had the penetrating
power of reaching, the people^ who stood
in the pavilion at points far removed
from the stage. He spoke for one hour
and held the close attention of his au
dience throughout. Here as elsewhere
his sincerity and straightforwardness
gained him the respect of the audience.
He reviewed the record of Maguire on
the railroad settlement and convinced
his hearers that the "Little Giant" was
"shouting railroad" to divert public no
tice Horn the odious single tax. The
Congressional Record was produced to
sustain the statements regarding Ma
guire's attitude in Congress. Applause
long continued told how effectively the
case was presented to the people by
the publican standard bearer.
On the subject of single tax Mr. Gage
presented the points in a concise and
comprehensive manner. The application
of the scheme to the miner as well as
the farmer was explained.
In closing his address Mr. Gage, in
the frank and manly style which conj
mends him to the people everywhere,
spoke of what he should do or not do if
elected Governor. The pledge of a
clean, honest, economical, businesslike
administration elicited from the audi
ence approving cheers. His own atti
tude toward the Southern Pacific cor
poration was mentioned, and the fact
reiterated that he had never been em
ployed as counsel by the corporation,
although his services had been fre
quently solicited.
The Stockton Republican Glee Club
entertained the audience with a song.
The chairman then presented United
States Senator George C. Perkins. His
introduction called out another round
of applause. The Senator paid a com
pliment to the public spirit of the cit
izens of Stockton, and proceeded to a
consideration of national topics. He
observed that the people of California
had a right to expect him to render an
account of his stewardship, and he was
ready to respond. Reference was made
to the industrial depression throughout
the land nineteen months ago, when
the Democratic parly surrendered con
trol of administrative affairs. The
present prosperous condition of the
country and, the prospects for a large
measure of prosperity engaged his at
tention. He predicted that California
would participate in the blessings of
the new era, and mentioned that
Stockton would be one of the cities to
derive benefits, as the erection of a
vast sugar factory to handle the beet
products of the San Joaquin Valley
was in contemplation. He estimated
that California had sugar-producing
capacity great enough to produce $50,
000,000 worth of sugar annually.
The gradual development up to the
present product of 36,000 tons was
cited.
Some plain and striking facts bear
ing on the railroad settlement were
submitted to the intelligent judgment
of the audience. . How Maguire can
"square" himself : remains to be seen.
Senator Perkins said that the chairman
of the Democratic national committee,
the chairman of the Populist national
committee and the vice chairman of
the Silver committee, all members of
the United States Senate, together with
Senators White, Morgan, Murphy and
others, gave unreserved support to the
amendment which Maguire is now as
sailing. -^ V..
The Senator embellished his admir
able address with stories to the point,
and kept the audience in a happy frame
of mind. The great audience adjourned
with mighty cheers for Gage and Neff.
Republicans are confident that their
ticket will triumph in San Joaquin
County. The success of to-night's
demonstration gives them renewed
zeal.
Hon. E. F. Preston has finished his
speaking tour of the Ran Joaquin Val
ley. Immediately on the arrival of the
train from Oakdale this afternoon he
started for his home. Henry T. Gage
will get a few hours' rest before start
ing on his trip to Angels Camp, San
Andreas and Jackson.
The tour of the San Joaquin Valley.
which culminated in the enthusiastic
and immense outpouring to-night in
Stockton, was remarkable throughout.
Never, were ' greater audiences assem
bled in California to hear political
questions discussed, and never were
Republicans of sound judgment more
confident of overwhelming success than
they are to-night.
METCALPS MAJORITY
WILL BE A LARGE ONE
Never Before Has a Candidate Been
So Enthusiastically Received
in Solano.
BUISUN, Oct. 15.— Tt is generally con
ceded that Victor H. Metcalf. the Repub
lican nominee for Congress in the Third
District, will roll up a larger majority
than was ever before given to a candidate
in Solano County. His reception through
out the county have never been equaled
in enthusiasm and unanimity of public
pf-ntiment favoring a nominee's election.
He lias not only made a favorable Impres
sion personally, but his able and thought
ful Bpeeches have inspired confidence that
in Metcalf the constituency will have a
representative at once conscientious and
mindful of Its varied interest, especially
in the matter of river Improvements.
Mr. Metcalf was given a rousing recep
tion in Rio Vista this evening. He was
followed in his address by Frank B. Kelly
of San Francisco, who jn his advocacy of
Gage"s candidacy elicited hearyt cheers.
J. H. Gardiner presided and campaign
music was rendered by the Sulsun brass
band.
Meetings in Mendocino.
MENDOCINO. Oct. 15.— Hon. J. T.
Dare, J. M. Oliver and A. Hockheimer,
Republican candidate for State Senator,
with John McNab, a candidate for the
Assembly, spoke on Wednesday to one
of the largest meetings ever held In Fort
Bragg. Messrs. Dare, Oliver and Hock
heimer spoke in this place to a well
filled house to-day. They are interesting
talkers and held their audience until a
late hour. Mr. Hockheimer makes friends
wherever he goes and impresses the peo
ple with his honest, straightforward
manner. Mr. Dare and Mr. Oliver treat
ed the railroad and single tax questions
in a masterly manner.
DEATHS AMONG TROOPS
STATIONED AT MANILA
- — -\ .. -
WASHINGTON, Oct. 15^-The following
dispatch has been received at the War
Department:
"MANILA, Oct. 15.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Following are the deaths
since the last report:
"October 10, Private Charle3 A. Howe,
Second Oregon, dysentery; Ernest M.
Forster. Fourteenth Infantry, malaria;
October 11, Private Fred Greenilet, First
South Dakota, typhoid fever. October 12
Private A. H. Bird, First Nebraska tv
phofd fever; Private Daniel Parybel As
tor Battery, tuberculosis. OTIS."
A new tire consists of two independent
steel tires connected by a series of coiled
Barings or rubber blocks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16; 189 ft.
MR. GAGE'S TOUR
OF STANISLAUS
Meetings at Modesto
and Oakdale.
OUTPOURING OF THE MASSES
HE 18 MET BY A PROCESSION
ON A COUNTRY ROAD.
Demonstrations That Throw Into the
Shade Those Made in Welcome
of the jueader of the Con
fusionists.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 15. -The tour to
day of Gage and Preston through Stan
islaus County was a series of remark
able popular uprisings unsurpassed in
the history of California political cam
paigns. Here In the San Joaquin Val
ley, on the banks of the Stanislaus and
Tuolumne, the ovation in honor of
Henry T. Gage, the Republican stan
dard-bearer, excel In many features the
rallies south of Tehachapi, which
struck dismay to the fusion leaders.
Gage and Preston arose In Merced at
dawn this morning and boarded the
early northbound train for Modesto, the
county seat of Stanislaus County. A
delegation from Modesto met the
speakers and welcomed them to Stanis
laus County.
As early as 9 o'clock in the morning
people began to wend their way to the
hall, where the speaking was to begin
at 10 o'clock. Promptly at the latter
hour Mr. Gage and Mr. Preston went
to the platform. Their appearance was
greeted with intense applause. The
spacious hall, capable of holding 1000
people, was densely packed at this early
hour. The meeting was called to or
der by T. E. Brice, who introduced as
chairman C. K. Tillson.
Tremendous applause followed the in
troduction. When it subsided Mr. Gage
thanked the people of Modesto for the
reception and spoke of the remarkable
demonstration at that hour of the day.
He did not accept the ovation as one
for himself, but remarked that the ar
dor of the people was due to their de
votion to the principles of the party of
which he was a humble representa
tive.
As the time was limited, Mr. Gage
made but a short address. He spoke
of the great enthusiasm for the Repub
lican ticket as exemplified in the meet
ings throughout the San Joaquin Val
ley, in the counties of Kern, Tulare,
Kings, Madcra, Fresno and Merced. He
predicted for the Republican cause the
greatest triumph ever achieved In Cal
ifornia.
Hon. E. F. Preston received an enthu
siastic greeting from the cheering mul
titude. He spoke with earnest force,
invoking the admiration of his listen
ers for the courage of his expressions.
There was no juggling with words in
Mr. Preston's address. He denounced
the calumny that the Valley road had
joined the monopoly as a campaign lie.
Judge Maguire's promise, made when
he withdrew from the Democratic
party, to devote his life to the service
of single tax was taken v . Maguire's
career as a salary-retting agitator was
reviewed. Maguire's advocacy of the
Infamous single tax doctrine while
drawing the salary of a Congressman
was characterized as shameful.
Before the remarkable early hour as
semblage adjourned a delegation con
sisting of R. K. Thomas. A. S. Emery,
G. W. Dunlap and George McCabe ar
rived from Oakdale to escort Gage and
Preston in carriages across the beauti
ful country to that thriving town fif
teen miles distant. After a hasty
luncheon the line of carriages for Oak
dale was formed. The distance was
covered in one hour and a half. Rapid
movements were necessary in order to
give the people of Oakdale a chance to
see their next Governor and afford him
time to catch the train from Oakdale
to Stockton.
The ringing cheers of Modesto Re
publicans had hardly subsided when
the saluting shouts of the Oakdale pop
ulace began. Two miles from Oakdale
Mr. Gage and his escorts were wel
comed by a vast procession of men,
women and children from the town. A
column of mounted men, marshaled by
W. H. Rea and A. E. H. Meyer, headed
the long procession of vehicles. The
caravan made a great cloud of duet,
but a breeze from the north blew the
dust aside and disclosed to view the
column a half mile in length. Again the
bands played and the anvils sent forth
a welcome as the man of the people and
the standard-bearer of the Republican
hosts entered the town of Oakdale.
Without delay the procession, which
was ably managed, moved to the pa
vilion. When Gaee and Preston arrived
more than 1000 people had assembled to
hear them speak. The celebrated Mo
desto Glee Club made the trip across
country and delighted the Oakdale
audience.
The meeting was called to order by
George McCabe. who presented R. K.
Thomas as chairman. The following
named vice presidents were announced:
A. S. Emery, R. Thompson, J. M. Owen,
John Connor, Oakdale; C. D. Swan,
Montpelier; J. W. Allard, I. H. Watson
and H. R. Schell, Knights Ferry; L.
L. Dennett and A. A. Wood, Modesto.
Henry T. Gage was introduced by
Mr. Thomas; as a man of the plain peo
ple who had gained his way in life by
struggles with toil and poverty. As
Mr. Gage stepped forward, the tumults
of applause made the pavilion tremble.
The speech of the standard bearer was
brief, following the line of comment at
the Modesto dfmonstration. Colonel
Preston's speech also was short and
incisive. He aroused the multitude to
a high degree of enthusiasm with his
forcible and clear-cut style of calling
things by their right names. He spoke I
with watch in hand, in order to note
the time and not miss the train for
Stockton.
Gage and Preston were followed to '
the depot by many people. As the '
train moved out the cheers for Gage
and Neff were mighty.
At Farmington, in San Joaquln Coun
ty, where the Stockton committee
boarded the train to meet Mr. Gage, a
large crowd was assembled at the sta
tion. In response to the cheers Mr.
Gage went to the platform and ac
knowledged the compliment.
Pn ended an eventful day for the
courageous and dauntless Republicans
of Stanislaus County.
Advances mads on furniture and pianos, wtth
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE DE YOUNG
HOODOO SCARES
VOTERS AWAY
Director General a
Party Octopus.
ATTITUDE OF THE POPULISTS
STRAIGHT-OUTS FEAR TO SUP
PORT REPUBLICANS.
Want the Assurance That the Elec
tion of a Republican Legislature
Will Not Be a Victory for
De Young.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. X.— Edward M.
Piercy, c-ne of the most prominent mid
dle-of-the-road Populists of the State
and weli-knovvn capitalist of this city,
has just returned from an extended trip
through the central part of the State,
during which he made it a point to
question voters of his faith in regard to
how they stood on State and legislative
tickets. The counties of San Mateo,
Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Benito, San
.Luis Obispo, Kings, Solano, Sonoma,
San Joaquin, Stanislaus and Alameda
were visited and from live to eight days
spent In each. Piercy says the middle
of-the-roadsters are solidly arrayed
against M. H. de Young for United
States Senator. Since the ruling has
been made that they are not to have a
place on the State ticket they have been
gradually going over to the Republican
legislative ticket. In fact the straight
Populists are about two to one for the
Republican legislative ticket, but they
must have an assurance that De Young
stands no chance for United States
Senator before election day. If the Re
publican State Committee Will give
them such a pledge they will vote al
most solidly for the legislative tickets
in their various counties.
The middle-of-the-roadsters denounce
De Young as a xaiiroad man and point
out that his paper, the Chronicle, has
always been on the side of the Southern
Pacific and other corporations. The
"director general" Is denounced as to
tally unfit, mentally and morally, for
the high position and is classed as a
blackmailer.
Piercy says he heard General Barnes
frequently mentioned as a good man for
United States Senator. The farmers do
not bear the same 111 will toward Barnes
that they do toward De Young, and
would be willing to accept him foT ,
United States Senator.
Piercy was a delegate to the Omaha j
national convention of the Populist
party and has been a delegate to all j
California State conventions of the;
Populists.
E. A. Hayes, president of the Good
Government League, will next week be
gin stumping the county In the interest
of Gage and Neff and the State ticket.
CAN CARRY THE
SIXTH DISTRICT
Why Republicans Are
Sure of Victory.
Russell J. Waters Makes a Canvass
Which Shows That the State
Ticket Is Bound to Be
Successful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 15.— Russell J.
Waters, Republican nominee for Con
gress, has now completed his first can
vass of every county of the Sixth Con
gressional District, which includes the
counties of Santa Cruz, Monterey* San
Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Ventura
and Los Angeles. Mr. Waters, in con
versation with a Call representative,
said:
"Judging from what I have seen and
heard I would say that Henry Gage
and the Republican State ticket will
carry every county in the Sixth Con
gressional District, save that of San
Luis Obispo, which will probably go
for Maguire by a majority of not over
200.
"Everywhere I find that there is a
pronounced sentiment among old-line
Democrats against the fusion arrange
ment. These Democrats feel as though
they could not support the so-called
triple alliance this year because they
want the Democratic party back in its
original position of standing upon its
own foundation without being com
pelled to carry as a handicap the Popu
list and Silver Republican parties.
"They claim that if the Silver Repub
licans and Populists believe as TRe
Democrats do in point of principle the
thing for them to do is to come over
into that party. If they do not believe
in the principles of the Democratic
party, then why should they desire to
fuse with the party and take half the
offices? This is the argument used by
the old-time Democrats against fusion.
They figure that they can best put an
end to fusion in the future, once and
for all, by defeating the fusion ticket
this year.
"To illustrate the great change that
has taken place in the politics of the
upper counties of the Sixth Congres
sional District I have merely to cite
Cambria Precinct, in San Luis Obispo
County. This precinct casts 201 votes.
The Republican Club there has a mem
bership on its roll of 166 signatures, and
43 of these 166 voted the Populist ticket
two years ago.
"At the meeting held at Hueneme,
In Ventura County, three of the vice
presidents were old-line Democrats
who had left their party on account of
fusion.
"Then, again, I found quite a sprink
ling of middle-of-the-road Populists
who intend to support the Republican
ticket this year in order to defeat fur
ther fusion of their party with the
Democrats, which policy, if continued,
will result in the total extinction of
their organization as a separate
entity."
Will A. Harris has accompanied Mr.
Waters on his Congressional campaign
tour, and he states that Mr. Barlow,
the Populist nominee, is going to be
defeated by 3000 votes at a minimum.
In Mr. Harris' judgment the only one of
the six counties in the district Barlow
has any prospect of carrying is San
Luis Obispo County. This is Mr. Bar
low's home, and he has a prospect of
carrying it.
SILVER AN ISSUE
SAYS THE JUDGE
Maguire Argues for the
White Metal.
ADDRESS TO SACRAMENTANS
DECLARES BRYAN HIS PARTY'S
LOGICAL LEADER.
Pictures Himself as the Personifica
tion of the Principles Postered
by Jefferson and
Lincoln.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 15.— Judere
James G. Maguire arrived In this city
from Oalt this evening and was escort
ed to the uid pavilion by the local Dem
ocratic clubs. He addressed an assem
blage of probably 2500 people, the haJl
being crowded. D. W. Carmichasl w.ia
I chosen chairman.
Maguire declared the present cam- i
! puig-n to be a gigantic battle between
! Jeffersonian principl and monopoly. ■
i For years, he said, the followers of Jef-
I ferson and Lincoln had stood on com- j
mon ground ar- 1 this ground "equal
riehts to all, specitl privileges to none." I
! Of late, Marcus A. Hanna had arisen, i
' and the motto which he and his kind :
followed was, "A government of mo- j
nupoly, by monopoly and for monop- j
oly." He said he believed that the per- ]
P'-ttiit-<- of free institutions depended
upon the triumph of Jeffersonian prin
i ciples. The battle was on between the
i followers of. Jefferson and Lincoln and
I the followers of Hanna.
Considerable time was given to a dis
cussion of the silver question, which
Maguire characterized as a living issue,
I despite the fact that Gage, in his Los
I Angeles speech, had declared it dead. ;
The question he said, was not only ;
! alive, but would continue to be Intense- j
ly so until it was finally settled and the
constitution obeyed. He predicted that
it would be a paramount issue in 1900, |
and that William J. Bryan would be the j
standard bearer of the national reform ]
forces.
The last half of his address was given
Up to a scathing criticism of what he
said was an attempt on the part of the
railroad to manage the campaign in its
own interests. He insinuated that the
nominees <m the Republican ticket had
been placed there by the Southern Pa
cific Company. In support of this he
referred to the fact that the San Fran
cisco Call, prior to the meeting of the
Republican State convention, published
in full the ticket which was subse
quently nominated. He denied a claim
which he said The Call had made that
this ticket had been gathered by re
porters who had interviewed delegates
to the convention, saying that any re
porter having the ability to have ac
complished such a feat was capable of
filling the chair of the managing editor.
As further proof of his allegations
that the Southern Pacific had named
the ticket Maguire referred to the state
ments made in the San Francisco Bul
letin and the Los Angeles Times and
publicly declared by Morris M. Estee.
MAGUIBE AT GAXT.
Speaks at Length on the Funding
Bill Question.
GALT, Oct. 15 — The largest daylight
political meeting ever held in Gait was
addressed this afternoon by Hon. James
G. Maguire. The hall in which the meet
ing was held was packed to overflowing
and many persons were compelled to
stand outside. Maguire in the course
of his speech took occasion to highly
praise the work done by Congressman
Minion de Vries, candidate for re
election in this district. In speaking of
his own candidacy Maguire said that
his opponent had referred to him as
continually clearing out his throat on
account of hoarseness. Maguire ac
knowledged that he was a little hoarse,
but said that he had become that way
through doing his own talking, whereas
his opponent was wearing out the
throats of Southern Pacific attorneys.
He dwelt at length on the war and safd
there had been a disgraceful condition
of affairs in the soldiers' camps. If the
Republican party wanted to take unto
itself ail the glory of the war it should
also be willinp to bear the odium of this
disgrace. He spoke at considerable
length of the funding^bill and the do
mestic regulation of railroad freights
and fares.
Outdoor Meeting at lon©.
IONE, Oct. 15.— Hon. James G. Ma
guire addressed an outdoor meeting of
several hundred people at this place
to-day. The meeting began at 10
o'clock this morning and Maguire spoke
but a half hour owing to the fact that
he had to drive 25 miles to Gait, where
he held a meeting this afternoon. He
touched upon the different issues of the
campaign generally, his limited time
not being sufficient to enable him to
enter into an extensive discussion of
the questions. Mr. Maguire was fol
lowed by E. L. Hutchison, candidate
for Lieutenant Governor, who is ac
companying him upon his campaign
tour.
NEFF ADDRESSES SAN
RAFAEL REPUBLICANS
I Candidate for Lieutenant Governor
Welcomea by an Enthusiastic
Multitude.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 15.— The Repub
lican campaign in Marin County was
opened to-night by a large and enthusi
astic meeting at the opera-house, which
was addressed by Hon. Jacob Neff. can
didate for Lieutenant Governor, Judge
Van Duser and Hon. D. E. McKinlay.
The party drove over from San Quentin.
where it had been Warden Hale's guest
during the day, and was received by a
committee composed of ex-Mayor Mc-
Carthy, Judge Pricer, W. C. Brown. S. P.
Olmsted and Robert Furlong. Preceded
by the San Rafael band the party drove
up Fourth street, which was illuminated
by bonfires, to the opera-house. The
I route was lined by a multitude of peo
| pie who rent the air with applause.
Rockets, Roman candles and Greek fire
turned night into day.
Mr. Neff was introduced by Chairman
i McCarthy. His remarks were brief and
:to the point. He said the Republican
j convention at Sacramento was in no wise
I controlled by the SoutHern Pacific, and
i that this charge had grown threadbare.
The party stood for good, pure prin-
I ciples, and in the end would surely
I triumph." Above all, he deprecated the
I charge that the Republican party was
| trying to gain prestige by claiming all the
! honor of the war with Spain. As for per
sonal assaults, he never made them, and
would refuse to notice any aimed at him
self.
Judge Van Duser spoke at length on the
evils of Maffuireism. He said that if, aa
I claimed, Maguire was the only man who
I could make Huntlngton sue for mercy he
ought to try to go back to Congress in
stead of wasting time as a mere Gover
nor.
McKinlay reviewed campaign issues
; generally.
All three speakers were roundly ap
i plauded. and the meeting broke up with
I three thunderous cheers for the party, the
I ticket and the platform.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '■ [ ? * :•;■;: •;■; j
Announcement!
We respectfully announce
that to-morrow, Monday,
Oct. 17th, we will hold a
which will eclipse any sale
ever held in this city. An
immense purchase of fine
Table Linen and Napkins
at a great discount enables
us to make this following
unprecedented offering:
500 pieces of 72-inch 300 pieces of 68-inch
. Bleached Table Damask, Bleached Table Damask,
all pure linen, heavy qual- all pure linen, heavy
ity, choice designs. quality.
Your Oiioioe at
65C a yard.
Actual value $1.10 to $1.25 per yard.
500 dozen f Napkins, full 24 inches square, pure linen,
k heavy quality, to match above linens, at
$ 2 -^ a dozen.
Hotel-keepers should not miss this Great Sale.
Country Orders will receive our prompt attention,
HONEST POLITICS
WILL TRIUMPH
Rea Is Losing Ground in
Santa Clara.
HIS TICKET IN DISFAVOR
GOOD GOVEBNMENT LEAGUE'S
SPLENDID FIGHT.
Enthusiastic Meetings Held in the
Agricultural and Horticultural
Districts of the
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. OctTTiF.— The Republican
Good Government League is making a
winning fight against the county ticket
nominated by the Rea convention. The
county has already been pretty well
canvassed, and much substantial en
couragement received. In the agricul
tural and horticultural districts the
people are opposed to Rea's interfer
ence in county affairs, and they will
give the Good Government ticket a
good majority. At the same time the
league is making a hard fight for Gage
and the legislative ticket.
Wherever meetings have been held
there has been good attendance and
great enthusiasm. The people now
realize that boss rule Is the cause of
increased taxation. Newcomers in
search of homes are driven from Santa
Clara County because of the corruption
in county affairs and the unenviable
political reputation the county bears.
There was an unusually large meet
ing at Morgan Hill on Thursday night.
The hall was not large enough to ac-
I commodate the people. This is in the
First Supervisorial District, where
"Boss" Rea is making a fight to re-elect
his brother to the Board of Supervisors.
An equally enthusiastic meeting was
held at Moreland on Tuesday night.
| These meetings serve to show how the
Good Government people are being re
ceived throughout the county.
The campaign against the gangsters
in this city will be opened on Monday
night by a joint mass meeting at the
Auditorium under the auspices of me
Republican Good Government League
and the Democratic County Central
Committee. The meeting will be called
together by E. A. Hayes, president of
the Good Government League, and J.
H. Henry, chairman of the Democratic
County Central Committee, will pre
side as chairman. The meeting will be
an Interesting one and the shady side
of politics will be exposed. Judge J. R.
Lewis, Nicholas Bowden, J. H. Days
■ and J. H. Campbell will, the posters
state, "handle local politics without
gloves." A. H. Suzzalo is down for a
talk on the Bchool question.
The list of vice presidents includes
some of the 4iest known men of Santa
Clara Count-" and is as follows:
C. M. Wooster, T. C. Barnett. W. E. Cross
man, D. M. Burnett, J. W. Ryland, T. Elian)
Beans. Dr. W. D. McDougal, A. Vatuone
Mitchell Phillips. L. B. Archer. Rev. N A
Haskell. O. Pelrano, W. C. Andrews, T. A
Carroll. F. C. Ensign, C. C. Coolidee, Dr J
N. Johnson, J. T. Murphy, W. M. Scott, Martin
Murphy, S. E. Smith, N. T. Biddle Cyrus
Jones. S. Saunders, Judge John Reynolds, C
L. Breyer G. W. Darling, J. Pancera... Samuel
G. Tompklns H. J. Ball. George M. Bowman
H. E. Schilling. C. P. Bailey, P. Sex, F M
Tenney, F. W. Moore, W. H. Wright. W. j!
Swelgert, Dr. C. K. Flemmlns. Gustave Nel
son, Dr. P. K. Dow. William Fischer J. R.
Pattern, a. Riehl, Guy W. Campbell.' J. J.
O Brien; tr°-, A. Marten, 3. D. Robert?
w. B. Hayford. Joseph Robinson, C. F.
Frel tag Martin Rich!, H. G. Squire, Thorn.
Doyle. C. J. Cornell, T. R. Dougherty, W. F.
Chipman. William M. Webster, R. Burden 1.,.
C. MoKanney Prof. C. H. Allen. J. H. Moore
Rev H. M. Tenney, W. A. Patton, Dr. H. .1
B. Wright D. Wells. Dr. F. K. Ledvard. A.
T. Cunna, Uriah Wood, Thomas Sinnott F. M
Burkholder. E. Hepple, J. J. Sonth^imer. J.
P. Bubb, J. P. Jarman, Peter Ball. George L.
Fitzgerald. J. McWilllams. Philip Anderson,
J. S. Bailey. W. F. Williams, Jackson Hatch
J. T. Grant, H. A. Gabriel. F. H. Babb. J. J
McLaurin, William Topham. W. D Pol
l5 rd> ~AI~ A 1 W - T Hud son. Dr. Smith. D.
H. Coates, J. E. Conkey. Judge B.
G. Hurlbert. Frank Shearer. F. M. Highter
Jame3 Wyatt, Hon. E. B. Conklin, D. T. Bry
ant, William Ross. T. W. Carroll "W A
Rlggs N. a. Pellerano. H. E. Lewis. John
Jasprizza, r. Wood. A. P. Lepesh. A. Kam
merer. E. U. Marsky. M. D. Burgess T. S.
I^sele, . G. E. x MoDousal. J O'Neli A. H
Stinson W.S. Games. H. J. Sheldon.
L. .William L. Thurston. George
B. May. Abram Moger, E. J. Apul
»UIW» UI W ,^ d lopI op & am - G c W. Peckham. J.
R. Weller. F. E. Brockhasre, W L Fvan-
S. P. Sanders. W. L. Gill. E. T. Pettlt, Dr p
M. Luseon. D. H. Bryant, C. A. McQettigan!
Colonel E. G. Hall, H. C. Pflster A it
Fletcher. William Venter, E. A Wheeler" f
E. Auaerais. J. R. Johns, S. H. "Wagener O'
W. Tarleton. Mike Lynn. J. Q. a. Ballou L
A. Whitehurst, F. W. Potter. J. Easterdav
W. A. Z. Edwards. E. N. Parr Dr. George n"
Worrall, M. E. Payne. C. R. Kimberlln \ B
Holmes. Albert Harris. E. Swope, More Brle-ir«'
E. J. Crandall. C. W. Cutler, T. H. Millor'
George W. Worthen, George Stevens. c T -
Settle, Charles Buckheister, L. Barnhisel' a"
Scale, J. Vostrovsky, J. W. Gray. I. Blnsrhnm"
J. H. Rucker. Simeon Holland, B. W. Rucker
J. Coykendall. William Fleury. William Paacoe
B. D. Murphy, F. B. Wise, J. E. O'Connor t'
C. McChesney, William Trimble. Charles I)'
Blaney. James M. Pitman. Professor S a'
Jones, S. F. Patton. • Professor C. W. Chi Ids
J. T. C. Murphy, R. J. Mayne. L. Coopers'
Rev. W. J. Kennedy, Charles Doerr cL
S. Walker, F. D. Hatman, J. E. Chase
O. Stevens. Rudolph Messing. E. • H. Farmer'
Henry Phelphs. George H. Briggg, R. .D. Fox'
D L. Sloan. John Carey. H. A. Renrstorfr'
F. Soderstrom.- Prof. C. B. Win*, Patrick
Moore. J. M. Klmberlin. Captain Ransom C '
W. Qullty, L. F. Swift, Orlo Phelps. D ' \\-'
James, H. A. Mason. George W. James D F
Glsh. L. R. Husted. C. M. Sullivan, 'h 'w'
Slmpkins, H. McCleary,- W. Burnett d' W
Fuller, D. C. Bailey, D. C. Vestal. J. W. Hin« V
E. E. Cothran. J. R. Welch. W. P. Souire"'
E. C. Hurlbert, O. O. Felkner. John BrUton -
C. H. Whitman, G. W. James, A. Lundy M"
Kenney. ______^__ ,
Transferred to New Fieldn.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 15.-Father Murphy
of Santa Monica has been appointed as
sistant priest to Father McNamee. to sue-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• . ■".-■■-■ -■■- ■>->-" >.«•
<v tf-* SFA '<-e o
DOCTOR SWEANY
H E , RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
■ ■ vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strer-v, through his new
■ftSw&'frifeL system of treatment.
RliPllHtcured b- his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VAR?CO< El.E.hvdro-
cele. swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
ronMßioti* blood p >i«on in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. Indies will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health." free of charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY. M. D.. 737 Market
street, San { Francisco, Cat .
fALAMEDA REPUBLICANS
GREET GENERAL BARNES
A Great Outpouring of Voters Bears
Evidence to the Popularity of
Republicanism.
The GLted and Eloquent Orator Points Out Some of the
Weak Spots in the Armor of the Unholy
Triple Alliance - A Grand
Parade.
OAKLAND, Oct. l. r >.— California can
trv.s; the Republicans of Alameda County.
The c animated the voters in
November of '96 is not one whit dimin
ished in volume or fervor and the State
:■ will not go south of Tehachapi
this year.
These facts were proved to-night when
inhleri in' the streets
and in the Exposition building to demon
strate their loyalty to their party and to
hear General Barnes.
Early in the evening that feeling of ex
pectancy was manifested which Is so
common In Oakland and everybody ex
pected something unusual— nor were they
disappointed. When Alameda County Re
publicans undertake to do something,
they do it with "all their heart and soul
and' to-night was no exception. Oakland
Is a Republican city— the most ultra Re
. . tornla, and this even-
Ing it seemed to be more Republican than
It doos not requl:
ir red fireror cannon, or march
lumns of uniformed men, bearing
is< < lakland Republicans,
hese things help, and General
s spoke very truly when he said
le felt thoroughly at home In this
city, because everybody he met seemed to
be a Republican.
Considering that the election is yet a
month away the parade was really grand.
ll was led by the Union League Club Of
San Francisco. Grand Marshal Pringle
sat nobly on his caparisoned steed and
had not his aid. H. Pugh, acquired a thor
ough knowledge of horsemanship on the
plains of Montana, there would have been
trouble. Aid Pugh's horse had evidently
hp>n reared on a Populist ranch, for the
cheering of the league and the alliance
■wt-re more annoying than the red fire and
music.
The Republican Alliance of Oakland
made a splendid showing and its coloi«ed
mascot was much In evidence as he
twirled the time honored globe around at
the head of the column. The globe still
contained the McKiniey and Hobart dec
orations that made it famous in "96, but
under it was th*» banner of Gage and
>>>ff. The drill corps of the Young Men's
Republican League turned out strong and
m;ide a noble showing for an Initial per
formance.
Oakland, however, did not stand alone,
for the town of Emeryville sent a big
contingent, fully armed with fish horns,
which are always welcome at election
times even in this quiet city. Alameda,
too. was well represented, and the lit
tle Republicans were very evident. They
have not a vote yet, but they carried
transparencies and banners, many of
them of improvised construction, but they
cut a 'figure in the parade, and their yell
ing alongside General Barnes' carriage
rewarded by Home generous hand
waving by the orator.
The warlike spirit Is not yet dead, in
epite of peace reports from Paris. A
large cannon on a heavy wagon boomed
forth fire and thunder as though re-echo-
Ing the noise that was "heard at Santiago
and Manila.
The procession marched through the
principal streets of the city, and as it
passed The Call office the darkness erf
nicht was dispelled for a f»w minutes by
th^ flare of red fire and the myriads of
colored balls that shot into the air and
vanished like the arguments of Judge Ma
guire when subjected to reasoning.
The huge tabernacle was packed, and
with such an audience as Justified the ora
tor's remark that he liked to speak In
Oakland "because of tne character of its
audiences." Certainly it was an audience
of "character" that greeted tne orator.
Fully one-half were ladies, and a more at
crowd never gathered in Oak
blg building. At the front of the
nn was a large picture of President
McKlnlev and the eyes of the nation's
w;ir leader seemed to beam approval on
: udience. It was reserved for
mnered Populist to be the first
turb a political meeting in this cam-
While referring to some of Ma
guir.-V misrepresentations General Barnes
was Interrupted by a voice that shouted
out. "And he was right."
c dead wrong," said the general
Instant! . and the interrupter was laughed
Into silence and humiliation.
The meeting was called to order by Hon.
Arthur Breed, chairman of the county
central committee. He introduced Hon.
W. R. Davis as the chairman of the even-
Ing.
"Two years ago," said Mr. Davis, "we
gathered in this building to celebrate the
election of the great William McKinley,
and I predict that about one month from
now we shall again be here to celebrate
tht; election of Henry T. Gage and the
rest of the State Republican ticket."
Amid great cheering General Barnes
was presented to the audience. He said
in part:
"Mr. Chairman, boys, ladies and gen
tleman: I always say and, of ocurse, al
ways feel, whm I come to Oakland that
I am coining home. I like its audiences
and I like its splendid Republican ma
jorities, because I love the Republican
party and Its traditions, and its galaxy
of great names that since '61 has been
the stars of guidance of this republic.
"My friend, Judge Magulre— and I
speak of him in a friendly way. because
Individually I feel more friendly toward
him than he feels toward me— says that
I am out in this campaign for the rail
road. He says I am a kind of human
locomotive on the railroad's tracks, and
move when the string is pulled." (From
one in the audience "That's right.")
"No, that's ilrad wrong. I am Judge
Maguire's nightmare. He does not talk
about Gape, but talks of me. He has
called me a kind of moboerat: that I in
cited mobs, and that he had been on
guard as a soldier when I so Incited the
mob. Mr. Magulre may have believed this
at the time. But I was the commander in
chief at the time when Maguire was on
suard, and if he went anywhere in those
days he went because I sent him.
"The Examiner says that a year ago 1
spoke well of him. I am glad I did, for at
that time he had not stated in Congress
that the European anarchists were true
specimens of American Democracy.
"I did not say, like the Examiner, that
the Democrats are nihilists because they
are weak enough to follow Populism. But
I have often wondered at the remarkable
absorption of the Democrats by the Pop
ulists, or vice versa. '
"I wonder how a good Populist feels
when he attends one of Maguire's meet
ings? For he said he approved the Popu
list platform and would devote himself to
the success of those principles. Yet he
has been on the stump a month, and up
to this hour not once alluded to a single
Populistic doctrine. He has talked noth
ing but railroad and monopoly, and the
people are as ignorant now as to what he
stands for as ever.
"The Populist has listened, but has
heard nothing yet as to the beauties of a
Government conducted on Populistic
principles. In this campaign the Repub
lican party stands where it has always
6tood— upon the theory of protection to
American production and American la
bor. It stands upon the doctrine of gen
eral education and the uplifting of the
people, and first, last and all the time it
Will stand "for union."
Fusion and the bargain of the three
alleged parties the speaker branded as
being destructive to pure politics and
ruinous to- the spirit of the republic and
an outrage to public decency.
"If Henry T. Gage is elected Governor,"
said General Barnes, "we all know what
he stands for and what he will do. Every
day he is more and more admired for his
directness and simplicity of character and
clear-cut principles. He will make an
honest Governor for California."
The speaker reprimanded the Democ
racy for not standing by Grover Cleve
land—"the only man." said he," who had
the courage, since the days of the war,
to lift the party out of the mire by op
posing the free and unlimited coinage of
silver. Therefore they don't like him."
The speaker drew a picture of the begin
ning and advancement of man and civil
ization from the monkey up to the perfect
man. who rules the lightning almost.
"But," said he, "the Democratic party
has changed all. It started with Jeffer
son, and, going back, ended with Ma
guire."
He reviewed the issues of the campaign,
pointing out the silence of the trl-party
on the question of the acquisition of new
territory— of Hawaii, the Philippines and
Porto Rico— and he urged one and all to
stand by and elect Victor Metcalf the next
Congressman from this district, because
of his intelligence on all questions where
in the best Interests of this State lie.
"We want the Philippines," continued
the speaker. "I am in favor of holding
them— every inch of them— from now un
til the crack of doom, because they will
be a base for new commercial relations
and interests. We hope before long to
eat oranges and bananas grown in the
Philippines by the- boys we sent there.
I know that nine-tenths of the people of
this State favor the acquisition of the
Philippines. They won't Philippinize us,
but we will Americanize them. That's
why I want you to elect Victor Metcalf—
cl-^ar-eyed. Intelligent and a man who will
make his mark."
General Barnes predicted that Gage will
defeat Maguire by nearly 20.000 votes.
"Never since I have gone out In any cam
paign have 1 seen such enthusiastic meet
ings everywhere and such a return of
people who have come back to march un
der the banner of McKinley and protec-
The single tax doctrine also came in for
a hard scoring, as did also Maguire's at
titude in Congress on the annexation of
Hawaii, and the tri-party candidate's
election— lf such couid by any possibility
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1803.
of blinding the people be accomplished—
would put this State back twenty years;
would stop. Investment, and generally re
tard the best interests of the community.
» ♦ ■
MANY KEPUBLICAN NOMINEES
Indorsement Made by the Members
of the Municipal League
Yesterday.
The Municipal League met at its head
quarters, C 32 Market street, last evening.
C. G. Nagle occupied the chair.
The following resolution was presented
by John \V. Ryan of the Thirty-first as
sembly District, and was unanimously
adopted.
"Whereas, It has been the endeavor of
the citizens and taxpayers of this city to
obtain honest and conscientious members
of the Board of Supervisors; and whereas,
this league is for good government and
is organized to assist honorable men to be
elected to office ; and whereas, Kdward O.
Kalben, the Republican candidate for
Supervisor of the Second Ward, is a gen
tleman well and favorably known by the
merchants of our city and is the president
of a large mercantile establishment in our
city; and whereas, Mr. Kalben is opposed
to a high rate of taxation and high water
rates and is himself a property owner and
taxpayer; and whereas, in all respects
Mr. Kalber. will make an efficient official:
therefore, be it
•■Resolved. That we, the Municipal
League of San Francisco, do hereby in
dorse E. C. Kalben as our nominee for
Supervisor of the Second Ward, and we
heartily pledge him our votes and support
at the coming election."
F. W. Burnett, the Republican candi
date for Senator from the Twentieth
District, was indorsed. H. C. Dibble, the
Republican nominee for Assemblyman
from the Forty-first District, was nomi
nated unanimously. For School Directors
H. M. Holbrook, A. Bergerot, Edwin L.
Head and Dr. J. I. Manson were indorsed.
John B. Carson was by vote placed on the
League's ticket for Superior Judge. A
committee, consisting of C. W. Baker. J.
W. Ryan, H. R. Fee. Calvin Ewing and H.
Stein, was appointed to canvass the
names of candidates to be placed on the
league's ticket. The president, C. G.
Xagle, was added to the committee. The
league adjourned to meet Tuesday night.
GEEMAN REPUBLICANS MEET.
An Enthusiastic Assemblage of Vot-
ers Who Will Support the Good
Old Party.
A Republican Club was formed last
night by local Germans, who met at Nor
man Hall, 413 Bush street. It was decided
to call the organization the German-
American Republican Club of San Fran
cisco.
The opening remarks of Robert Weineke ]
were received with vociferous enthu
siasm, especially when reference was
made to President McKinley. The name
of Gage called forth an equal burst of
applause from the assembled enthusiasts,
which subsided only after prolonged
cheering.
The following named officers were elect- j
ed: President. Robert Weineke; first
vice president, F. M. Freund; second vice
president, F. H. Maas; third vice presi
dent. Charles Dresdier; secretary. Carl
W. Mueller; treasurer, William Plage
man.
At the next meeting finance nnd cam
paign committees will be announced. It
is the intention of the club to. form an
active society to work for the hest in
terests of the party throughout the cam
paign.
Speeches were made by Dr. F. P. Muffe,
Dr. A. E. Brune. William Plageman. E.
S. Salomon. T. Frahm, F. W. Kampi',
Charles Samuels. G. A. Rutz, F. M.
Freund, Oscar Tulle and Fritz Gercke.
The meeting then adjourned until Tues
day evening.
COLLEGE MASS MEETING.
Students of the Two Universities
Will Conduct a Grand Rally at
Woodward's Pavilion.
The students of the two universities.
Stanford and California, are preparing
for a big mass-meeting at "Woodward's
Pavilion on the evening of October 29.
This is the first Republican mass-meeting
of the campaign under the auspices of
the college boys, and nothing will lie
spared to make it a gigantic success.
The speakers have not been selected as
yet, but they will be the best the uni
versities wn afford. It is expected also
that there will be some outside speakers,
and George A. Knight is named as one
of these.
Music will be furnished by a band of
forty pieces from Stanford, and the glee
clubs of both colleges will be present and
will render old-time college favoritr-s as
well as prize songs written especially for
the occasion. There are strong Republi
can clubs in both universities, and they
expect to turn out to a man.
A series of three mass-meetings will be
held this week, and Charles L. Patton
will speak at each of them. The first
will be held to-morrow night in Drew's
Hall, 121 New Montgomery street, and
Julius Kahn and D. A. McKinlay are
among the speakers. The second is un
der the auspices of the Julius Kahn Club,
and will be held in the Cyclery Hall at
Haight and Stanyan streets on Tuesday
evening. The last of the series will be
a general mass-meeting in Metropolitan
Temple on Wednesday night. At this
meeting D. A. McKinlay will discuss
protection and single tax.
VETERANS OUT FOR GAGE.
Army and Navy Republican League
Strongly Organized Throughout
the State.
A meeting of the State and county
campaign committee of the Army and
Navy League was held at headquarters i
yesterday afternoon, with Commander-in
chief Seaman in the chair. Reports from
branches at San Jose, Santa Rosa, Los
Angeles, Oakland, Fort Jones and Au
burn showed everything progressing in
the most satisfactory manner. The league
is rapidly increasing, and now has a mem
bership roll of over 6000 men working en
thusiastically for Henry T. Gage, who is
a great favorite with the veterans. A
mass-meeting will be held on Tuesday j
evening next at Sacramento, under the |
auspices of the local branch of the Army j
and Navy League, commanded by Colonel i
George M. Mott. Gage and Barnes will
be the principal speakers. Arrangements '
are being made for a mass-meeting to be !
heid in Metropolitan Temple on the even
ing of October 28. Among the speakers
will be W. F. Fitzgerald, E. F. Loud,
Judge R. B. Carpenter, Frank McGowan
and J. J. Gosper of Los Angeles.
North Beach Republican*.
The North Beach Slebe Republican Club
was organized Friday night at Madden'a
Hall corner of Francisco and Mason
streets The following named officers
were elected: President, Joe Fernandez;
vice president, Frederick Clark; secre
tary Gus Sbarboro; sergeant-at-arms,
John Peters: executive committee. Wil
liam Boyd; Gus O'Connell, H. Hafford. F.
McLean Edward Wilson. James Sbar
boro W. Michaels. Thomas Clifford. Wil
liam' Crossfield. James Brown. Fifty-six
members signed the roll. The club will
meet again next Wednesday night.
Maguire Democrats.
A Maguire Club was organized Friday
evening, at O'Brien's Hall, corner of
Nineteenth and Shotwell streets. One
hundred and seventy-seven members
signed the roll. The following named of
ficers were elected; President, Robert
Bovd; vice president John H. O'Brien;
recording secretary, John J. McConville;
financial secretary, Edward Jorss; treas
urer John Dwyer; sergeant at arms,
George Craig; executive committee—Wil
liam Ford, Henry Pape, E. F. Perrln,
Julius Peters, John Hurley, James J.
Donohue. W. F. Merrill. J. H. Danton,
John H O'Brien and William Pendergast.
Speeches were made by Robert Boyd,
William Ford. John H. O'Brien. E. F.
Perrin, John Dwyer and others.
Maguire Club Meeting.
The Twenty-ninth District Maguire
Club held a meeting last night at Beck
er's Hall, 14 Third street. The following
speakers addressed the meeting: Reel B.
Terry, J. T. Moriarty, Mayor Phelan, Dr.
Washington Dodge, E. L. Fitzgerald, Cll
tus Barbouri R. P- Doolan, Hull Me-
Claughry, Flnlay Cook, Charles Edel
man, Walter Gallagher, Judge J. H. Car
roll, Charles Holcomb, Louis de F. Bart
lett.
German-American Democrats.
The German-American Maguire Club of
the Thirty-fourth District held its regular
meeting in Mission Turn Hall jast even
ing. The whole Democratic ticket was
indorsed with great enthusiasm. Many
new names were entered upon the roll.
The club proposes to have a great time
next Friday evening, when many good
speakers and candidates will be present.
W. C. BOWMAN
DISAPPOINTED
HIS FRIENDS
He Did Not Appear at
Metropolitan Hall.
TALKED TO THE POPULISTS
PHELAN, BARRY AND HINTON
DISCUSSED POLITICS.
Berated the Railroad for Two Hours
and Did Not Tire — Lean
Toward Single
Tax.
What was announced would be a rous
ing Democratic meeting in Metropolitan
Hall last evening turned out to be a dis
appointment to many. In the first place,
despite the two bonfires and a band, the
hall was not over two-thirds full, but
most of nil W. C. Bowman, an eloquent
speaker of Los Angeles, failed to appear,
as advertised, and the audience had to be
satisfied with a number of orators who
have frequently appeared in public here.
Mr. Bowman got ofi. the train down the
road somewhere to address a gathering
of Populists.
Ij. M. Mansler was Introduced as the
chairman of the evening by W. P. Law
ler. The chairman said that his audience
looked like an intelligent jury. He then
made a speech on special privileges and
rights. He was followed by John
H. Marble, a young man of considerable
literary ability who is one of the most
frequent speakers upon the rostrum of
the socialists of this city. He enlightened
the audience upon matters, of political
economy, and made a special plea for the
consideration of the candidacy of James
H Harry and a few others.
William M. Hinton. candidate for Rail
road Commissioner, asserted that in the
present campaign all of the monopolistic
forces are arrayed on one side against
the people on the other. That is, the
railroad against the Democratic party.
He devoted considerable time to telling
all about the present litigation in the
great grain rate cases pending in the
courts.
John P. Dunn, candidate for a position
on the State Board of Equalization, dis
cussed taxes. ;md presented a bewilder
ing lot or figures on this line of thought,
which appeared to be appreciated, if not
fully understood.
James H. Barry, candidate for Con
press, was introduced, and was received
with cheers. He said that he did not
think the chairman did a kind thing In
introducing him as an ex-convict. He
could not help it if he was sent to jail for
five days for telling the truth. For this
he was punished for a contempt that he
felt then and still feels. Barry unbur
dened his mind a little against courts
and Judges who feel that they are above
the people and yet are the known tools
of corrupt monopolists. He next drifted
to single tax, and said that he himself
is a single taxer, and he wishes, as the
Republican papers state, that this waa
the real Issue in the campaign. He made
a flowery speech in favor of single tax,
and added that neither this nor any other
tax is the n-al issue, but It is the rail
road question, and the Republicans are
trying to throw single tax dust Into the
eyes of th*> people po as to blind them
to the vital issue. Thr speaker then un
corked the vials of his wrath upon the
Southern Pacific, and told what he would
do with this tnstltuion if he goes to Con
gress and could have the power.
Referring to General W. H. L. Barnes'
spre.-h in whicu the latter accused Ma
guire of being an anarchist, Barry said
that Barnes looks like an attorney for a
big railroad; he talks like' one. he smells
like one, and by , he Is one.
Dropping Barnes, whom he abused
roundly, the speaker took up the subjects
of the Nicaragua canal and direct legis
lation. In conclusion, he said that the
candidacy of Joseph R. P. Kelly Is at the
instigation of the Southern Pacific to
split the Democratic vote and elect Julius
Kahn.
Mayor Phelan arrived late. He urged
his hearers to support both the city and
State Democratic tickets, for one is as
important as the other. The Southern
Pacific, he said, is reaching out to gather
in both, as the railroad has great int
in the city and State. Speaking of this
corporation. Mayor Phelan said that the
Southern Paclfir had been robbing the
people of the fenn Joaquin Valley for
years as proved by the fact that when
the Valley road was built through that
country the rates dropped 33 1-3 per cent.
Bevera] male quartets were the pleasing
features of the evening.
PHELAN AS A HEALER.
He Comes, a Messiah, to the Thirty-
First to Heal Democratic
Dissensions.
A crush of fully 100 voters partly crowd
ed Teutonia Hall last evening to sco
James D. Phelan in his great act of
"healing the dissensions in the Demo
cratic ranks of the Thirty-first District."
If applause be anything to judge from,
Mr. Phelan will go down in political his
tory as one of the most successful of
the many healers that his party has from
time to time given to the world.
The meeting was opened by Timothy
E. Tracey, in his capacity of chairman,
who struck the key note of the evening
by alluding to the dissensions that have
riven the party of the Thirty-first Dis
trict. He introduced as the first speaker
of the evening Franklin K. Lane, nominee
for City and County Attorney. Mr. Lane
accused the Republican nominees of pay
ing for their nominations on a graduated
scale, and held up the Democratic virtue
for shining comparison.
"But," said Mr. Lane, "the bosses who
got this money were not always Repub
licans; they learned their first lesson in
the Democratic party."
This ingenuous admission of Mr. Lane
rather paralyzed the sublime healer when
he arose with balm and things to apply
to that portion of Democracy's bleeding
anatomy that lies in the Thirty-first, but
he survived the shock and pointed out
to his hearers that in this election their
district was thrice honored in that the
two offices having the largest patronage
had been given to candidates from the
Thirty-first, and that the standard bearer
James Gee Maguire, had attained man
hood and got his first Job among the men
to whom he spoke.
Turning the tide of his eloquence from
general to personal propositions Mr. Phe
lan confessed a recognlzaole similarity to
a pair of lovers who never tired of talking
of themselves, and with becoming mod
esty pointed out how he had vetoed the
gas rates and the water rates and paved
the streets and saved the Market Street
Railway Company the trouble and ex
pense of tearing up its own tracks. And
incidentally and apparently from the
same personal motive Mr. Phelan took
occasion to roast the morning Republi
can papers for not conducting the Demo
cratic campaign. He bitterly arraigned
them for not publishing in full Maguire
platitudes and Democratic speeches, and
he served kindly warning to all sub
scribers that they were not getting what
they were paying for through this unkind
meagerness of Democratic space.
Another application of arnica to bruised
Democracy and Mr. Phelan gave way to
Richard Doolan, the Thirty-first District
nominee for Superintendent of Streets,
and the plum that Mayor Phelan earlier
in the evening held up to the view of his
audience as "one of the biggest patronage
offices on the ticket
Mr. Doolan was followed by Rhodes
Borden, candidate for Superior Judge, and
he by Washington Dodge, who was con
fident, and said so, that he had, in John
Sii^be, the easiest fight on the ticket.
T. F. Bonnet, candidate for Sheriff, fol
lowed the aspirant to an Assessor's hon
ors, and in a short, timely talk brought
the evening's meeting to an end and sent
what was left of the audience home, well
healed as per intention.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noon&o, 1017-1023 Mission.
ROYAL WELCOME
TO McKINLEY
President's Entry Into
Illinois.
AN ADDRESS AT SPRINGFIELD
SOME SIGNIFICANT WORDS ON
BRAVERY OF NEGROES.
Cheering Multitudes Also Told of the
Glorious Achievements in Be
half of the Down
trodden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— The President of
the United States arrived in Chicago
over the Illinois Central to-nieht at 9: 20.
nnd will be the central figure in the
cit./'s peace jubilee next week.
Although much wearied by his long:
journey over the great West and his
arduous day at the Trans-Mississippi
Kxposition he said just before leaving:
tfce train:
"Throughout the journey I have been
deeply moved by '" patriotism of the
people and delighted with the evidences
of their prosperity."
After the city limits were reached,
crowds lined the enclosures beside the
tracks of the Illinois Central Railroad.
I eager to see the President's train sweeD
by. The enthusiasm was unbounded,
even when the President himself could
not be seen.
Mr. McKlnley left the train at Thirty
ninth street, going directly to the home
of Captain La Fayette McWilliams.
where Mrs. McKinley has been enter
tained since arriving from Canton.
The other members of the official party
were taken care oi at the leading hotels.
A welcoming committee of Chicago
citizens met the train at Kan
kakee. Among the members were
Postmaster Gordon, Mayor Harrison,
Dr. William H. Harper, president of the
University of Chicago; John Barton
Payne and Judge Peter S. Grosscup.
Enormous crowds listened to the
words of the President, both at Deca
tur and Springfield. The latter place,
the former residence of Abraham Lin
coln, furnished the largest assemblage
of the day. They listened solemnly and
with bared heads while President Mc
i Kinley uttered feeling words in eulogy
j of Lincoln.
The crowd at Springfield was the rec
i ord breaker of the day, and it is esti
! mated at 40,000. The Fifth Illinois In
j fantry, stationed at Springfield, was a
i pleasing feature here. In an address
the President said:
Fellow citizens: I am glad to meet the
1 people of the State of Illinois at their
j State capital. 1 am glad to b« at the
; home of the martyrized President. His
| name is one of inspiration and a holy
I one to all lovers of liberty the world over.
IHe saved the Union. He liberated a
| race — which he said ought to be free be
i cause there might come a time when
; these black men could help keep the jewel
!of liberty in the family of nations. If
any vindication of that act or of that
j prophecy were needed, it was found when
| the brave black men ascended the hill
I of San Juan in Cuba and charged the
i enemy at El Caney. They vindioated their
i own title to liberty on that neld. and with
I our brave soldiers gave the priceless gift
of liberty to another suffering race. My
I fellow citizens, the name of Lincoln will
' live forever in immortal story. His fame,
his work, his life, is not only an in-
I splratlon to every American boy and
I girl, but to all mankind. And what an
i encouragement his life work has been to
! all his successors in the Presidential of
fice! If any one of them, at any time,
has felt that his burden was heavy, he
! had but to reflect upon the greater bur
; dens of Abraham Lincoln to make his
seem lighter. My fellow citizens, I con
gratulate you that your great State fur
i nished him to the country and to the
; world. You guard sacred his ashes here,
! but the whole country guard with you
I his sacred memory.
The business of the people is better
i than it has been for years, and the money
i of the country has suffered no dishonor,
i while the credit of the Government was
j never higher and the ncitional name was
j never dearer to the people than now and
never more respected throughout the
world. All thanks to our glorious army
and navy, thanks to the fleets of Dewey
and Sampson and the armies of Miles and
Shafter and of Merritt, we have won
glorious triumphs for humanity. We
went to war, not because we wanted to,
but because humanity demanded it. And,
having gone to war for humanity's sake,
we must accept no settlement that will
not take Into account the interest of hu
manity.
Now, my friends, what we want to do—
(A voice in the crowd: "Elect you
again") — Great applause and cries of
"That's right")— What we want is to have
no dispute of differences among ourselves
to Interfere with our united judgment in
dealing with the foreign problems that
are before us. As we stand together In
war let us stand together until a settle
ment is made.
Particular significance attaches to the
remarks of the President about "black
men" in view of the miners' troubles
at Pana and Virden between the white
strikers and imported negroes, and the
connection with those on the part of
Governor Tanner, who was with the
President on the platform.
Between Springfield and Chicago
stops were made only at Mount Pu
laski, Clinton, Farmer City, Gibson
City, Gilman and Kankakee. At the
latter place the train was boarded by
the Chicago reception committee, head
ed by President Harper of the Univer
sity of Chicago.
SOME CUEIOTJS LEGACIES.
Here are some amusing particulars
of legacies with strange conditions at
tached. Early last year a peculiar pro
bate suit, Involving some $500,000, was
imminent, the disinherited relations
wishing to upset an old gentleman's
will because he had left the sum named
to found and endow a church on the
condition that every Sunday before the
service the whole of the Thirty-nine Ar
ticles were to be read by the clergy
man outside the church door.
A 6trange condition was attached to
the legacy the late Sir Edward Bates,
who died last year, left to his married
daughter. He stated that he had seen
his son-in-law's Scotch property, 'and
he considered it would be a gross in
jury to his daughter and her children,
considering "there are no neighbors
within miles, and there Is no medical
man within six or seven miles." So he
arranged that, if his daughter stayed
more than six months in any year,
"and those six months not in winter,"
at that spot, the income derived from
the legacy for the twelve succeeding
months should go to the residuary
legatee.
During this year a gentleman who
died at Mons left a legacy of $3000 to
five friends, the money to be spent on
dinners served in different restaurants,
and at each meal a certain dish to be
eaten and a certain wine, of which he
was very fond, to be drunk. Further
more, his memory was to be toasted
at dessert, the five companions were to
dine in black clothes and gloves and
enter the room preceded by a flag and
the music of an accordion.
A wealthy gentleman recently left
his son a large fortune on the condition
that he shall visit every country in the
world and write a book on what he
sees. This work is to be submitted to
ADVERTISEMENTS. . _ : _.„ ._^ ; '_ _]
'I; THE LATEST STYLES AND THE GREATEST VALUES.
THIS WEEK! THIS WEEK!
From the vast array of RARE AND ATTRACTIVE NOYEL"
TIES comprised in our IMMENSE STOCK, of Ladies', Misses' and
■ Children's Outer Garments we have selected some of the most
STYLISH and POPULAR LINES of JACKETS AND CAPES : and offer
them as SPECIALS THIS WEEK at prices that make them |
THE CHOICEST BARGAINS
IN THE MARKET.
LadiesVJackets.
At $5.00. !
LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with cloth,
regular price $6 50, will be offered at $5 each. _ o I
At $7.50, ° . I
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, faced with fancy .
silk, worth $10, will be placed on sale at $7 50 each. ■ " • ' ••
At $10.00.
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, colors tan and navy,- black,
fly fronts, faced with silk serge, good value for $12 50,. on sale at $10
each. V -* • V • ' .• . •■ •
At $12.50. ° • ;.; .' j
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in light shades of tan, fly. fronts.- [
* faced with fancy silk, regular price $16, for this week only at $12 50 I
' each. , .... I
Ladies^Capes.
At $S.OO. i \
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, handsomely braided and I
beaded collar down, fronts and around bottom edged with black :
Thibet fur, good value for $7 50, on sale at $5 each. , ' i
At $7\SO.
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 24 inches, lined with silk serge, collar I
and down fronts edged with marten fur, worth $10, will be offered at :
.$7 50 each. I
At"siobo. |
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, length 24 inches, lined with silk serge, richly
braided and beaded, collar and down fronts edged with black Thibet !
fur, regular price $12 50, will be placed on sale at $10 each. j
At $S.OO. |
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, fly front jackets, lined with fancy 5
Italian cloth, skirts double lined and bound with velvet, good value I
for $8 50, obtainable this week at $5 each. F
'r — : ; _ ~ - . T-fiTt 'ft'w-MiMrtrfci '1
I /(/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / \
y^ San Francisco. ''--■ws'v. 'A
professors of Bonn and Heidelberg
Universities, and if in their opinion
it is dull and stupid and badly written
the heir has either to write it over
I again or lose the fortune.— Louisville
Commercial.
■ » » ■ —
THE PORTRAITURE RAGE.
The general craze among fashionable
people for having their portraits done in
I all manner of ways, says the London
i Mail, is giving a good deal of impetus
! to that branch of art and much empioy
] ment to women who have adopted the
profession either as pastel portrait tak
ers miniaturists or modelers in clay.
Miniatures on ivory and water and oil
i pictures are as much the rage as ever.
j When in addition to this it is remem-
I bered that people who can, afford it
] have developed a taste for having
: cameo likenesses cut and busts and bas-
I reliefs made in marble, it will be seen
that the age is not decadent in its ap
| preciation of all that is best In por
traiture.
Cameo photographs are a new fash
ion introduced from Paris, and one
which those unable to afford gems may
find equally pleasing, while not so ex
pensive. The photograph, taken, of
course, in black and white, is mounted
on a square block of wood, in which is
cut a depression to receive the portrait.
The effect of an intaglio is thus given,
while the lights and shades in the pho
tograph preserve the impression of a
cameo.
Several very wealthy American
women have had their portraits painted
on sets of plates, in which a different
costume is shown on each one. For in
stance, one set intended for luncheon
was of Sevres ware, on which the fair
owner is represented in evening, street,
reception and skating dress, and in a
summer gown and her bridal array.
The most extravagant of all these
fads is the stained-glass portrait. Such
a one was done for the Queen of Italy
some time ago, and it is reported, too,
that a wealthy young Duchess is sitting
I to an academician for a small medal
lion portrait of painted glass.
.• ♦ ■
COLORING OF THE BUBBLE.
So far all artificial colors have been pro
duced from dye stuffs exclusively, most of
the latter having a pronounced color of
their own. The handsomest of all, how- i
ever are the spectral colors produced
through prisms and distinguished by
wonderful clearness and purity, which it
has never before been deemed possible to
accurately reproduce. To a certain de
gree the scientist Henry, in Paris, has
now succeeded in permanently fixing the
delicate colors resulting from the inter
ference of light waves.
The objects upon which the colors are
' fastened are thin sheets of water proof
paper, polished glass plates or thin
boards, which are placed in a dish and
covered with water. On the bottom of
the dish there are a number of very small
openings, governed by a stopcock, ena
bling the operator to let off the water
slowly and evenly. After the water has
settled in the dish a few drops are added
of a solution of asphalt, bitumen, or a
similar material, which is separated from
the water in an Insoluble shape by the
action of air and light.
When the essence has covered the sur
face of the water it forms a very thin
film and vibrations of the air produced J
by whistling across the surface of the
film are transferred upon the thin film,
bringing forth a series of color combina
tions, each of which corresponds to a
given sound. After a short time the me
dium wherein the bitumen has been dis
solved evaporates, and as the first small
wrinkles appear in the film the stopcock
is opened and the water is allowed to
flow off slowly. The film sinks evenly
upon the surface which is to be colored.
Finally the sheet of paper or glass is
dried, and the result is the appearance
of wondt-rfuHy beautiful iridescent color
ing on the surface.
Samples of moire paper treated in this
manner have recently been received in the
Arts and Trades Museum of Berlin and
attracted considerable attention. The new
invention of producing these colors with
out using dyestuffs has been patented in
many countries, and is now being em
ployed commercially in Paris, where pa
per to be used for fans and other fancy
work is being manufactured in large
quantities. The process, although exact
ing the most minute care, is inexpensive
and therefore very remunerative. — Phila
delphia Record.
■ ♦ .
DECREASED CONSUMPTION OF
LIQUOR.
One of the leading wholesale and retail
liquor dealers in this city, in a business
conversation, said: ."The liquor - drinking
habit is decreasing among our people.
Our sales of all kinds of liquors in l v .i 7
wore one-third less than they were five
years ago." The remark led to an inves
tigation, and the records of the Internal
Revenue Bureau confirmed the fact as
to the decrease in consumption of dis
tilled and malt liquors, and only a trifling
inc.rer.se in the domestic consumption of
wines. The decrease noted has been
gradual, about 8 per cent per year during
the past four years. Little wonder that
the whisky trust went to the wall finan
nanclally, or that so many distillers and
whisky- dealers have failed in the pa^t
five years. What the influences are which
have brought about this result cannot be
definitely stated, but it is claimed that
the bicycle has had much to do with it. —
Cincinnati Enquirer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
rASTING
CURES.
THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT
Specialists have been established for 28
years. Their staff Is composed of five physislans
and surgeons, all specialists and all graduates
from the best medical colleges in the world.
They ar# incorporated under the laws of Califor-
nia for $250,000, and have the largest and best-
equipped institution of the kind in America.
These successful doctors cure Chronic Dis-
eases, Consumption In the nrst and second
staces Catarrh in all its various forms, and
other ailments, includnig all diseases and weak-
ness of women.
Free Consultation.
And treatise on any disease at office or by mall.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS,
731 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
T\KE ELEVATOR. Hours— B to 12, 1 to •
dall'y. Evenings 7 to S. Sundays 9 to 11.
56
SUNDAY OCTOBER 16, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. ?.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£6» House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESB. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 367 Hoyes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clocK- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open untl' 10 o'clocK 2291 MarKet
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'ciocK NW. corner Twenty-second ana
KentucKy streets, open until 9 o'clocK-
, MU - . :..t«u
Baldwin— "The P.inHnß Girl."
Columbia— "Elizabeth, yueen o£ England-*
Alcazar— "The Wife."
Morosco'B— "The Light? of London."
Tivoli — "The Circus Queen."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater— "The Signal of Liberty."
Alhambra. Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville
Th.> Chutes— Lillian Stewart, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Recr- ■ Baseball.
Olyn:pia, corner Blason and Eddy streets?— Specialties.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Masquerade I3all, Saturday, October 22.
Sutro'f Baths — Swimming.
Central Park — Circus.
Coursing — Inglealde Counting Park.
Glen Park— The Mission Zoo.
Rosenthal- Coming In February.
lan A Clay Hall -First Heinrich Keeital Tuesday
Evening.
AUITION SALES.
By G. H. Umbaen & Co.— Monday, October 17, Real Estate
at 14 Montgomery sweet, at 1- o'clocjfct«
THE RESISTLESS TOURIST.
f~~) UT a short time ago Omdurman was a strong
\\ hold of the wild Dervishes of the Soudan, be
*■ — * yond the pale of civilization and hardly known
to the polite world. Kitchener's victory made it
iamous a few weeks since, and now we learn it is
about to become a fashionable resort, a place where
weary Europeans will go in search of winter sunshine
and the joys of social life.
The Westminster Gazette in describing the de
gree of interest taken in the place by the blase
crowds of pleasure seekers in London, who, wearied
of all the old resorts, are now desirous of a new one,
says:
"Omdurman is not only to become the Soudanese
Birmingham, it is to be a fashionable resort as well.
An energetic society is already planning out a casino
for the banks of the Blue Nile, with a cricket and
football ground, and an aquarium for the crocodiles,
whiie the inevitable public-house will soon be up at
the street corners. To make the picture complete, the
Salvation Army has, it is said, decided to send out
a detachment to look after the morals of the freshly
civilized. There will, of course, be an organized po
lice force. Happy Soudanese!"
The proposed rush to the Soudan for a new
pleasure ground is nothing new under the sun. We
have had many illustrations in America of the use
fulness of tourist travel in building up out of the way
places. It was that class of people in the Northern
States who discovered and built up South Florida,
and to a large extent Southern California and many
parts of Colorado and Montana. They may yet prove
to be more potent than the gold-seekers themselves
in civilizing Alaska.
The modern tourist is, in fact, resistless. He is j
unwearying in his de«ire for novelty. No amount of
travel fatigues him. He has money to burn. If
he were sure of a good hotel, a lawn tennis court and
a golf field at the end of his journey he would alter
nate willingly between the North Pole and Hades
from winter to ?ummer in search, of amusement. He'
is one of the adventurous pioneers of civilization in
our epoch, and the world of trade and industry can
well afford to wish this fleeting idler success in his
plan for making a winter garden and a place of
beauty out of the blood-stained desert around Om-*
durman.
TRAIN-ROBBING fJS fl DISEASE.
INHERE is an old familiar ring to the announce
ment that Jesse James has come under sus
picion of having robbed a train. Possibly this
will tend to elevate him in local esteem, for there are
reports that in various back counties of Missouri the
picture of the original Jesse hangs above the mantel,
and youth are trained to look upon it with awe, much
as the infantile American is wont to gaze at the por
trait of the father of his country.
However, train-robbing has its serious aspect, and
young Jesse may find a paucity of roses along his
pathway, whereupon it*will behoove hiim to make a
defense. Why can he not set f th, to the great edi
fication of a sympathetic jury, that train-robbing is
an inherited taste? Having established tliis, he could
not be held culpable. When a man commits murder
he has only to make clear that he received from his
ancestors some peculiar bent, and then everybody
says "Poor fellow, innocent as a lamb." Thereupon
justice gives him his clearance papers into the wide
world, the spectators drop appreciative tears, and the
next case is called.
It cannot be contended that train-robbing is a
laudable form of industry, but it certainly is as good
as murder, and Jesse is entitled to as much considera
tion as an assassin. Whatever the outcome, Missouri
will mourn. The idea that a Jesse James should have
been concerned in the holding up of a train, the epi
sode being devoid of dash or heroism or a big haul,
will tend to dim the halo above the pride of the State,
the boss highrailwayman of the whole lot.
Yesterday's execution at San Queniin was not a
pleasing spectacle. The fact should impress those
who are contemplating the commission of murder, as
well as the morbid who have a habit of yawping at
the foot of the scaffold on such somber occasions.
According to the classic Gallagher of the Board
of Education, the recent judicial decision against that
body in the Kilpatrick matter was the rottenest ever
rendered in a California court. We suspect Gal
lagher of bias.
Perhaps Policeman Kenville can demonstrate that
his club flew out of his pocket when he wasn't look
ing, and of its own volition struck a small boy.
Gomez needs to be impressed with the idea that
the cruel war ia over.
A
THE MAGUIRE OF RECORD.
JUDGE MAGUIRE has presented himself as
one who learned sympathy for the poor as a
toiler and mechanic himself. We have hereto
fore said that he quit work very young and went at
once to holding office and drawing a salary, and has
stuck to it since with a zeal and constancy that mark
him as the champion place-holder and pap-sucker
of California, not excepting John P. Dunn, who has
flitted from office to office, like a honey bee from
flower to flower.
Judge Maguire began at the age of 19 as clerk to
E. F. Preston (Republican), appointed as attorney
to collect delinquent street assessments. Maguire
held this office and drew down $75 a month until
January, 1876, when, having got another office as
member" of the Legislature, he went to Sacramento
and drew down a legislator's salary, mileage, etc., for
the months of January, February and March, 1876.
When he returned with his salary in his pocket he
stepped back into his old office of attorney's clerk,
John B. Weller having meantime succeeded Mr.
Preston in the collection of delinquent street assess
ments. In 1878 the office of Attorney was abolished
and Maguire began practicing at the law, with no
conspicuous success. In 1882 Buckley nominated and
elected him to the Superior bench, where he sat six
years, drawing a salary of $24,000, and most of the
time abusing the man who made him Judge and
bolting the party on whose ticket he was a candidate.
He left the party in 1887 and the bench in 1889, and
lived on his accumulated salaries until 1892, when he
came back to the party and was elected to Congress,
and has held office and drawn salary ever since.
No man has been more conspicuous for using a
party for selfish ends and treating it with disloyal
contempt than Maguire.
He has lived on office since he was 19 years old
and has never hesitated to bolt, desert and defeat the
party to which he owes his bread and the butter that
spreads it. No office-holder ever returned less ser
vice to the people for the salary they have paid him.
He has drawn his salary in gold and paid for it in
words, words, words. The following is a correct list
of his offices held and salaries drawn since he was 19
years old:
;Merk to Preston 1R72-76 % 3,600
".egislature, January, February and March,
1576 900
! Clerk to Wellar, April 1, 1876. to April 1. 1878... 1,800
Superior Judge, January, 18S3, to January,
Iggg 24,000
Congressman, March, 1893, to March, 1899 30,000
Mileage 16 - SGO
Total J76.860
Maguire is now 45 years old. His official salaries,
therefore, amount to exactly $1708 per year for every
year that he has lived.
We challenge the record for any other man in Cali
fornia who has been paid a salary equal to $1708 a
year, or $142 33 a month, or $4 75 a day, ever since
he was born. The account stands:
Maguire born 1553.
Maguire 45 years old in 1898.
Maguire's salary $76,860 00
Per year, 45 years 1,708 00
Per month, 540 months 142 33
Per day, 16,20) days 4 75
What service has he rendered for it? He has come
high, and what has he returned to the people for a
salary of $4 75 for every day since he was an infant
mewling and puking in his nurse's arms?
ASSESSOR SIEBE.
BY the fierceness of the attack made by the Ex
aminer upon Assessor Siebe, the public can
estimate the extent to which his honest admin
istration of the office has thwarted the schemes and
desires of the boodle organ. Since M,r. Huntington
cut the Hearstlings from the payroll of the Southern
Pacific they have been hungrier than ever to levy
tribute upon other corporations. As Assessor Mr.
Siebe has refused to aid them in exacting blackmail,
and they are therefore fighting him more viciously
than any other candidate for office of the Republican
ticket.
The Hearstlings concede that Mr. Siebe's admin
istration of the office of Assessor has won for him
throughout the community the honorable reputation
of being an official of distinguished honesty. The
word rankles in the minds of the Hearstlings, By
styling him "Honest John Siebe" they endeavor to
weary the people with the phrase, as of old some of
the baser sort of Athenians were weary of hearing
Aristides called the just. They would have Mr. Siebe
defeated for re-election simply because he is known
to be an official of unassailable integrity.
John D. Siebe has now administered the office of
Assessor for eight years. During the whole of that
time there has been in the office no scandal; not one
act of commission or omission has given rise to a
suspicion or even to a rumo^of wrongdoing. His
assessments have been made with business-like fair
ness, accuracy and efficiency. He has aimed to pro
portion the burdens of taxation imposed by law with
an impartial equity upon all classes of citizens. He
has neither exempted the rich from their share of
public burdens for the sake of courting their favor,
neither has he threatened to cinch them by unjust as
sessments for the purpose of compelling them to buy
justice by paying tribute either to himself or to dis
reputable newspapers.
The records of the Assessor's office during Mr.
Siebe's administration show that he has performed
faithfully the duties imposed upon him. He has not
made in any one year a radical or excessive increase
in the taxation of banks and corporations, but dur
ing the whole term of his administration there has
been a steady upward rise in the proportion of rev
enues raised from that class of property-owners.
Thus while the personal property assessment of 1800,
the year preceding Mr. Siebe's accession to office,
amounted to $66,082,372, and in the present year is
$68,695,110, showing an increase of but $2,612,738,
the increase in the assessments of banks and fran
chises of corporations having special privileges was
during the same period $11,365,085.
On that showing the people can understand the
animus of the attack of the Hearstlings. It is clear
the managers of the' Examiner feel something must
be done to make up for forfeited subsidy from the
Southern Pacific.
Spanish papers express surprise that the representa
tives of the United States are unwilling to leave the
decision of terms to arbitration. That might have
been done before the war. There is nothing left to
arbitrate.
While a railroad man was having his toes ampu
tated at the City Receiving Hospital he requested the
surgeon to "stop tickling his foot." Such a sense of
perception is worth cultivating.
It would perhaps not be a bad plan of the Non-
Partisans to drop the prefix. To a casual reader it
might be misleading.
- B^rry and Kelly of the Fourth do not speak as they
pass by, but the thinking they do is something tre
mendous.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
THE DEAD NON-PfiRTISfINS.
AT a recent meeting of the so-called Non-
Partisan candidates it was decided to levy an
assessment of 10 per cent of the salaries in
prospect upon all who have received the stigma of a
nomination by the Democratic sideshow, except
School Directors, who were asked to contribute $20
each to the cause. This exception was due to the
fact that School Directors receive no compensation.
How they are going to get back their money in the
event of election is therefore problematical.
It is interesting to note that the nominees of Mr.
Phelan's sideshow have taken this action. It is in the
nature of a Non-Partisan revival. The party dis
appeared so completely after the adjournment of its
convention, and the disrepute which followed it into
retirement was so blinding and overwhelming, that
we were actually beginning to believe it had g"one
into permanent eclipse. But here it is again assess
ing candidates, concocting street banners, arranging
for a card distribution, and preparing to make*a wild
charge upon the offices.
However, activity upon the part of this Demo
cratic sideshow, we are convinced, is entirely super
fluous. Being a tail to Mayor Phelan's ticket, it is
not in a position to deceive anybody, and in the
iiatural order of things it cannot, while operating un
der its present domino, get more than a thousand
votes, if it does that many. It is a safe wager that
"Dave" Barry, chief of the first "Solid Nine" Board
of Supervisors, who is running for Supervisor in the
Sixth Ward on a petition nomination, will poll more
votes than Deacon Fitch's fraudulent band of- assist
ant job-chasers.
It is really too bad that this should be so. As a
moral reform party, as an influence for producing
good government, as an example in local politics and
a distributor of platform pledges, the Non-Partisan
party occupied an important position in the political
affairs of San Francisco. As a Democratic bunko
steering apparatus, however, pledged to get votes for
the candidates nominated by a wealthy and arrogant
boss, it is a distinct source of evil and corruption.
We, are, indeed, sorry that the Non-Partisans have
fallen so low. We do not object to their assessing
their candidates, but it is a pitiable spectacle to see
a once proud band of local patriots calling public at
tention to their hideous condition by making public
report of the fact.
In our judgment the Non-Partisans would do well
to revoke this assessment and disband. That course
would rescue their self-respect from the filthy pool
into which Phelan has plunged it, and at the same
time a substantial public duty would be discharged.
SENATE constitutional amendment No. 10,
which proposes to authorize the people of
counties in this State, through Boards of Free
holders, to frame charters for their own government,
should be carefully scanned by voters at the coming
election. The principle upon which the amendment
has been drawn is good enough. Beyond question
the power to legislate for counties should be taken
away from the Senate and Assembly. Those bodies
have abused their privileges heretofore and will prob
ably continue to do so in the future, yielding, as they
constantly do, to the demands of the politicians and
tax-eaters, whose interests are ordinarily inimical to
those of the people.
But the amendment gives the counties more home
rule than they can reasonably ask, and certainly more
than on principle they should possess. For instance,
it is proposed to confer upon the Board of Freehold
ers which may be chosen to frame county government
charters the right "to prescribe the manner and
method by which all elections by the people shall be
conducted, and may in addition determine the tests
and conditions upon which electors, political parties
and organizations may participate in any primary
election."
Since the amendment provides that the charters so
framed shall not be subject to general laws upon the
same subjects, the clause quoted would authorize the
County Boards of Freeholders, as to their counties,
to repeal the Australian ballot law or any general
primary act which might be passed by the Legisla
ture. We doubt whether the people of the State will
generally sanction any such grant of power as this.
So far as San Francisco is concerned, it has no in
terest in the amendment, and unless there is some
sort of an expression from the people of the interior
with respect to this feature of it probably they will
vote for its adoption. It is to the interest of the
counties, therefore, that they should inform us at
once of their desires in the premises.
Ballot laws and primary laws ought to be general.
It would be absurd to have fifty-seven different ballot
and primary systems in California, yet Senate amend
ment No. 10 throws the door open to such a condi
tion. If a particular Courthouse ring of a particular
county should desire to return to the straight ticket
system all it would need to do would be to capture
a County Board of Freeholders and get the matter
before the people. The latter might not be persuaded
to adopt the change, but amid a multiplicity of issues
there is always danger of losing sight of many im
portant ones, and the grant of power might lead in
many cases to turning back the hands of progress.
The Australian ballot system is now well rooted, and
it should be permitted to bear its full fruit. What
ever good there is in it can only be got out of it
by enforcing and developing the system which it has
established.
Home rule for the counties is an excellent thing,
but in our judgment the framers of Senate amend
ment No. 10 have given them too much of it. The
counties do not for their own good government re
quire authority to control the manner of voting
within their limits at general and primary elections.
Legislation on that subject may safely be left to the
State, which is required to pass general and uniform
laws. /
From Kansas comes the story that the bite of a
common red ant has proved fatal. The correspond
ent who sent it should have accompanied it by a
sworn certificate as to his own standing for veracity,
and/the ante-mortem statement of the ant, for un
doubtedly the insect was captured and subsequently
interviewed. •.'."__;
: A woman who habitually played the races in the
East has been arrested for , robbing a pool-seller. She
has not yet made her plea, but may set forth that she
regarded turn about as fair play.
A large proportion of the hell projected into the
late military situation by the active representatives of
the Hearsts and Pulitzers has been put out by a well
directed torrent of facts.
♦
Paris newspapers would be glad to settle the peace
negotiations, but the fact that they want them settled
on the basis of a Spanish victory will be regarded as
rendering them ineligible.
«
Concerning the condition of the Chinese Emperor
there is getting to be as marked -an uncertainty as
i characterizes the whereabouts of Charlie Ross. ;
TOO MUCH POWER.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Perhaps some of the anonymous
criminals who write to me think their
effusions go amiss because unnoticed.
I beg to state to the set of ruffians,
cowards, cranks, blackguards and de
generates addicted to the offense men
tioned that the waste basket bulges
with their effusions as the jail ought to
bulge with their carcasses.
* • *
It is not clear to the lay and conse
quently but partly enlightened mind
how the Rev. John Hemphill can sup
port his contention that the Philippines
are ours by divine decree. TheYe is not
apparent fairness in ascribing to divine
decree responsibility for everything
which happens to please, and ascribing
the undesirable phases of life to cir
cumstances beyond control. If, for in
stance, the acquisition of the Philip
pines had seemed to the gentleman un
wise, to what agency would it have
been accredited by him? If divine de
cree may be viewed as a specific
cause when an effort is observed to be
satisfactory, to exonerate it when the
effect is of a contrary nature would
seem to be an acknowledgment that
there is some potent agency in conflict
with the divine will, and a« visible ef
fects are more often bad than good in
this wicked world the evil force is hav
ing greater influence than it merits.
An Italian has perfected a process of
marbleizing the dead ao that bodies
tenantless of soul may be preserved for
an indefinite period. They are said to
resemble carved images, and the
mourner is supposed to have the priv
ilege of gazing on them and thus keep
ing grief fresh and interesting. Possi
bly when the grief shall at last have
passed away the marbleized deceased
can be utilized as a Sutro Heights style
of ornamentation. Yet there Is diffi
culty in discerning the usefulness of
preserving the dead in the shape of
bogus statuary or anything else. The
mortal frame from which disease or in
jury has induced the spirit to vanish
is not left in a condition of attractive
ness. Some people even decline to look
upon their beloved dead, preferring to
remember them as they appeared when
blood was coursing in their veins and a
light shining from their eyes. When
a body has served its term as the abode
of a soul it should be permitted to re
turn to dust, and all processes em
ployed in its treatment ought to be in
the direction not of retarding but hast
ening the process. For my part I ap
prove of Poet Miller's funeral pyre, and
could name a number of persons whom
I could cheerfully observe contributing
their ashes to the winds which sweep
Miller's home. Science is wasting time
when it makes marble out of the hu
man cadaver. Let it rather try the
demarbleization of hearts which still
beat, but that rattle against the en
vironing ribs like a stone in a barrel.
An interesting feature about the
charge' that on the transport earning
Colorado soldiers Red Cross supplies
were sold is that it is not true. In
proof of this Colonel Hale has made an
extended statement. As further and
final proof, the fact may be cited that
the charge was made in the Examiner.
In support of its allegations the paper
printed July 17 Manila letters bearing
a "date of July 16, indicating that the
letters in the absence of a cable had
come from the Philippines at cable
gram speed. The absence of news
never balks yellow journalism, but It
sometimes causes a smile. So practiced
a faker as the sheet mentioned ought
by this time to be able to manufacture
information and print it without
stamping it all over as fictitious.
G. "W. Steevens, an English corre
spondent who was at the battle of Om
durman, told to the world the best war
story it has read :or many a day. The
slaughter of the Dervishes as related
by him becomes to the reader an actual
spectacle, full of life and death. One
seems to hear the roar of guns, the
clashing of steel, to see the clouds
hanging somber above the crimsoned
hills where natives fight to the last
gasp. The ferocious courage of the
fanatics is portrayed by Steevens as no
writer could have portrayed it without
the wine of war hot within him. Yet it
would be unfair to compare the work
of this correspondent with that of
American special commissioners in
Cuba during our recent scrimmage.
There were opportunities for good
work, mostly neglected it is true, but
there was no magnificent finale to be
described in sonorous phrase, each as
impressive as a battle hymn. Yet it
may justly be said this country has no
such war correspondent as Steevens, or
if it has, that he has been kept from
the scene. I cannot even make an ex
ception of Hearst, but may add that
England has no such correspondent as
Hearst, either.
* • •
Perhaps my view of the matter is
wrong, but I confess to a total lack of
sympathy with persons who stick their
heads in the mouths of lions and have
the same bitten off. Such an incident
occurred recently in a Virginia town.
The man in the cage yanked open the
jaws of the beast and stuck his smil
ing countenance within. Just then the
jaws came together. Details may be
omitted. Enough to say the perform
ance was spoiled, and the lion got a
generous taste of the performer. I
nevef could understand why anybody
should try to gaze down the throat of
a lion, knowing the prejudice of the
owner against a vegetable diet. No
self-respecting lion would stand such
an indignity, and no head with any
thing In it would be caught in such a
snap.
• * •
This paper has an old-fashioned no
tion that its mission is to print the
news. Therefore it refrains from
starting contests to determine the most
popular tamale peddler, gives away no
bags of popcorn, nor essays the bunko
puzzle business. However, individual
ly, I will offer a prize, and try to
smuggle the scheme past the eye of
the management. The following lines
were clipped from a contemporary:
Some day, my friend, both you and I
In some deserted spot will lie.
The prize will be for the one to first
give correctly the Identity of the poet.
The nature of the prize has not been
decided on, but probably it will be a
collection of the fugitive verse of the
poet In question, neatly bound in ham
canvas. All answers must be in by
Christmas of t year.
If that bright writer, "Bach," whose
work shines in the Fresno Watchman,
is to continue discussion of subjects
which he thinks it Indecent for mixed
By HENRY JAMES
gatherings of intelligent men and wo
men to touch upon, where, as some of
my personal detractors would remark,
is his own consistency to get off at?
As a matter of fact, there are subjects
which do not need to be discussed, nor
laid before the readers of a paper. Sub
scribers have as much right to protec
tion as people who go to a convention
where a lot of theories are advanced,
each theory producing a series of
blushes, a wave of disgust, but having
no other effect. While "Bach" is treat
ing of delicate topics he would be wise
and kind to employ some of the foreign
languages, living or dead, which he in
timates are about as familiar to his un
derstanding as the English he uses so
admirably.
♦ * ♦
Not long ago the Visaiia Times con
tained a letter from J. H. Morton. It
was headed, "A Warm Communica
tion," and the heat thereof was per
ceptible even to the casual observer.
Mr. Morton neglected to state that the
letter had appeared almost word for
word in Brann's Iconoclast, and that
for writing such stuff Brann has re
tired frqm the turf and reposes under
it. Perhaps, however, Morton did not
know. Instances of unconscious cere
bration multiply. The Times itself
cannot be blamed. All it said about
the letter, was to set forth its warmth,
while it could have been pronounced
actually hot without causing the spirit
of veracity any distress.
Indications increase that the sort of
peace commission to deal satisfactorily
with Spain ought to consist of 100,000
men, each carrying a rifle. There is
something unspeakably irritating in the
calm assurance of licked and humili
ated Spain that the privilege of nam
ing terms rests with her. The forma
tion of a peace commission was, in the
first place, a scheme to salve the
wounded feelings of Castile. President
McKinley sitting in the White House
coulcf easily have drawn up a bill of
particulars and made the Dons accept
It. To be chased out of Cuba at the
point of the bayonet would serve
rightly the cheeky Blancos of opera
bouffe war. Perhaps American troops
may yet be sent to Havana to impress
upon the vanquished that between tri
umph and defeat there is an apprecia
ble difference.
• • •
It may have been observed that after
the estate of the late Jacob Davis had
been settled according to the will of
the deceased and the decree of the
court, up bobs a set of heirs from the
South with a declaration of war and
hands extended for the swag. The mat
ter is none of my business, nor yours,
for which reason we naturally take an
interest in it. There is much injustice
done in the making of wills, perhaps,
but it is small compared with the injus
tice involved in the breaking of the
wills. When a man has secured a for
tune by industry or luck it has always
seemed to me there should rest with
him some right in disposing 1 of it. If a
man has wife and children he is re
sponsible for their welfare and In honor
bound to provide for them as best he
may. The wife probably assisted him
in acquiring wealth, and the children
appeared on the scene quite without
solicitation on their part. But what
ever is true as to the wife or direct de
scendants, I do not see why cousins,
aunts and remoter connection have any
claim. The Southern aspirants for the
Davis dollars are said to be children of
a brother. Davis was, I hope, in no
manner responsible for them. While
he lived to have supported them would
have been charity and made of them
paupers. Now that he is dead I can
not figure out how they sustain any
more Intimate relation to his fortune
than they did before.
There is a plan for putting Professor
Schenk's system, as the fad Is known,
on the market In this country. If it be
carried out I hope sincerely that every
cent invested in it will be lost. As the
human race increases the exact propor
tions of the two sexes, this system de
clares, can be regulated. I do not be
lieve it can, and hope that it can't. Na
ture has done fairly well so far, and
there seems to be behind it a degree of
wisdom to which not even a Schenk's
intellectuality can rise superior.
It is war upon Shafter. Yellow jour
nalism has gone to such lengths that
the absurdity of the method defeats it
self. In a recent number of a paper
published in this city there appeared
something purporting to be a conversa
tion between that general and Breckin
ridge. Shafter was represented as beg
ging his subordinate to take command,
and the subordinate as declining partly
on the ground that Shafter had planned
to retreat. The conversati mis not only
impossible but is actually silly. That it
or anything resembling it ever took
place no sane person would for an in
stant believe. The fake is most clum
sily contrived. The man who wrote it
has not enough sense to write properly
i\ line of English. The only acceptable
thing he could write would be a resig
nation.
* • •
While the Cubans are wildly demand
ing independence they should pause
and reflect, if they possess the appa
ratus by which reflecting may be ac
complished, a matter concerning which
there is room for doubt. If the Ameri
cans were now to withdraw from the
islands, with the Spanish still there,
the war which this country stopped at
some cost of life and treasure would be
resumed. As the Spanish do not seem
inclined to haste away, they would be
less inclined were the only opposing
troops the disorganized and ineffective
Cubans. Another serious consideration
appealing to the followers of Gomez
will naturally be that the sustaining
American ration is for the present
about the only method of keeping com
fortably distended the erstwhile flap
ping stomach of the insurgent. Cuba
has been promised "a stable govern
ment, and an early move in this direc
tion would be to take arms from the
Cubans and make them go to work.
They have been out of practice now for
a long time, but other people eat bread
that has been earned in the sweat of
the brow rather than that donated and
undeserved. The Cuban ought not to
be permitted to be an exception. There
is no evidence that he is any better
than the rest of the world.
The National Advertiser, noting the
methods of the New York Journal, and
citing a few of them, asks: "How can
a paper which resorts to such petty
swindling expect to be believed, even
If it tell the truth?" The answer has
not been given. Probably the Journal
has no expectation of being believed, at
least in testing the matter it has not
gone to the length of disguising its
fabrications.
• * *
When a scoundrel invader
sphere of life known as "society" th- ■
is great ado, and properly, if he char
to be discovered. Sut there are c:
ures every day almost of villainy in
official life and nobody seems to care.
The difference between a swell func
tion and politics is considerable, and
yet society at large, not the little
clique which takes in washing for one
generation and uses a crest on its sta
tionery the next, but the whole people,
doing business, rearing families, spec
ulating, building churches, schools,
railroads and sewers, is much more vi
tally concerned about politics than pink
teas. Nevertheless, men known to be
corrupt are given office. Supervisors
steal the city blind. Boards of Educa
tion go into the industry of larceny,
millions of dollars are worse than wast
ed for street improvements which never
materialize, the Harbor Commissioners
permit the State to be robbed. Some
times the case Is so flagrant that ad
verse comments are heard, but they are
absolutely without effect. A Mayor se
lects the men who shall constitute the
various governing bodies in the de
partments; these prove to be deep-dyed
rascals as to an overwhelming major
ity, the honest among them being
smothered. Yet the Mayor coming for
ward for re-election "points with
pride" to his record! People have sim
ply become accustomed to being victim
ized. They accept as a duty of citizen
ship the experience of having unclean
political hands thrust into their pock
ets. Ido not understand why one
should cherish resentment toward a
burglar, why the highwayman sho ild
get twenty years, when an official who
is as dishonest as either and has great
er opportunity goes unmolested, but it
is even so. Please consider these re
marks as general. It would not be fair
to point out any single administration,
since about the same grade of rottenness
seems to permeate the lot. Surely the
time has come for a change. There
should be an effort^o create the im
pression that a political sandbagger is
as bad as any other, and that one who
attacks society as a whole should be
corrected and driven out, just as the
polished blackguard who invades the
home of wealth with Intent to despoil.
A St. Louis paper maintains a de
partment which is termed "Aunt
Mary's Advice." It is adorned with the
picture of Auntie, who resembles much
in facial charm the venerable Susan B.
Anthony. The resemblance does not
extend to the intellectuality, for Mary
seems to be several sorts of a gibbering
freak rolled in one. Young women ap
ply to her for advice as to love affairs.
They wish to understand the propriety
of permitting the bestowal of a chaste
kiss, the relative merit of the long and
short engagement, if they should accept
presents before having promised to
wed. In fact, there is no fool question
in the query box of the love-lorn which
is not dragged forth and fired at faith
ful old Mary. All of them are an
swered. There is never one worth an
swering. When a girl wants to know
if she can properly declare her affection
for a man, explaining that she has
reached the age of 16, and knows she
will never love another. Aunt Mary
tells her patiently that top declaration
ought to come from th< A, to wait
and not give up hope, i oUspect Aunt
Mary of not beiqg genuine. She prob
ably wears pantaloons, smokes a cob
pipe, take 3 a drink at the corner gro
cery, is known as Tom or Jim, and pos
sibly is a good fellow. She ought to be
ashamed of himself.
THE AMERICAN BOY.
I wonder if the boys and girls
Who lived in olden time
Were like the boys and girls we knoT
In our age and clime.
I wonder if the girls had dolls,
Or did the boys play ball,
Or did good little Samuel
Know how to play at all!
I love the sweet Babes in the Wood,
And, oh, how my heart grieves
To think they slept upon the groups*
With cover made of leaves!
I love the Princes in the Tower
In curls and ruffles line.
I hate their wicked uncle, too,
I'm glad he isn't mine!
I wonder if they laughed and talke*
Or were they always sad.
I'm sure I should be if I had
An uncle half so bad.
With my brave company of boys
I wouldn't take one hour
To capture him, and rescue botfc.
Those Princes in the Tower!
0 children of the olden time,
I read of you in books,
1 see your pictures on the walls.
And love your gentle looks.
Your sad eyes seems to follow ma
About where'er I play.
As if you longed to have the fun
We children have to-day!
— J. Zitella Cocke. in the Youth's Com
panion. ______________
PASSING PLEASANTRIES.
"Yes, my wife and I have separated."
"Indeed! What is the trouble?"
"There isn't any now."— lndianapolis
Journal.
Caller— ls your father at home?
Boy— No, sir. He's employed on a coun
try contract.
Caller— Well, I am glad to hear he has
work. What's he doing?
Boy— Six months and costs.— Chicago
Daily News.
"Do you take any part in the produc
tion yourself?" asked the interviewer.
"Only a subordinate one," said the new
manager. "I merely pay salaries."—ln
dianapolis Journal.
"How in the world," Inquired the elder
physician of his youthful partner, "did
you happen to leave that patient without
first giving her a prescription?"
"I know it was unprofessional, but, tr>
as I would. I found it impossible to re
call the Latin for boneset tea."— Detroit
Free Press.
"What did de editor say erbout yer
jokes?"
"He consigned dem t^r hades an—"
"Well, dats carryin" a joke too far."—
Philadelphia Inquirer.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business house -> and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Mrs. Dix— Don't you think your husband
is rather headstrong for an invalid?
Mrs. Hix— »s, and the doctor's to
blame for it, too.
Mrs. Dix— lndeed! And why, pray?
Mrs. Hlx— He refuses to allow him to
take any nourishment but goat's milk
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul,
This car is nicely upholstered In leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. . Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 63S Market St.,
San Francisco.
EXPERIENCE IS THE BEST TEACHER.
Use Acker's English Uemedy in any cane of
coughs, colds or croup. Should it fall to giva
Immediate relief money refunded. At No Per
centas? Pharmacy.
Commercial lunch, U to 2. Among th« Bar
rels, 868 Market »UEXPLORATIONS
IN ALASKA ARE
UNSUCCESSFUL
Reports From Gov
ernment Parties.
OBSTACLES ENCOUNTERED
TAILED TO SCALE GIGANTIC
MOUNTAIN CHAINS.
Captain Pratt Reports That There Is
No Deep Channel From Bering
Sea Into the Yukon
River.
Captain Tratt, who was sent to the
Yukon delta last spring by the United
States I Survey, to ex
iars lor a deep entrance to the
river I ■■■■ "' back in Seat*
tie within a few days, according to in
formation received in this city by the
sub-oiSce of the coast survey. The cap
tain did not find a deep entrance, his
labors demonstrating conclusively that
the bars across the river's mouth at no
place allowed the entrance of ocean ves
sels. The deepest water at any place was
eight feet. The captain found that dredg
ing was practicable in order to open an
entrance, but the cost would be consider
able.
The five exploring parties sent through
Alasn ::ng by orders of the War
Department are expected to return to
Vancouver Barracks before the close of
the present month. Major General Mer
ria.m, who has charge of the expeditions,
stated yesterday that he had received no
wurd from the officers In charge of the
parties for several months. It is learned
from an authentic source, however, that
etc success has not attended the
efforts of the explorers to penetrate the
ad of the Shushltna,
r and Kuskokwun rivers, owing to
the extremely difficult nature of the coun
try to be traversed. Gigantic mountain
s were encounter, 'i along the upper
ns of the Shushitna and the Kus
kokwlm, necessitating the abandonment
oi m'j*t of the supplies which the
carried on their backs. The reports
g back Indicate that many thrilling
- befell th and that
several of the nun had narrow escapes
from losing their llv<
As soon as the parties all return the
results of their explorations will be given
in pr.. will be l^-suL-a
. instructions of the War Depart -
- will contain much
mati< •: 'hose interested
elopment >■: Alaska, as many
. c been taken in the re
• ar. The reports will
to applicants, unti 1
the edition runs out. In the past the
irtment has issued several re
character, giving the re
. 'rations of th#\ukon by
S iwatka and of the Cop-
EUver by Lieutenant Allen. These
now very difficult to obtain,
: the document clerks in
Ingxon being exhausted.
Whether or not the War Department
will continue the work of Alaskan ex
tion next year has yet to be de
termined. There are still large areas near
ad of the Kuskokwim and Shushit
na rivers that are absolutely unknown,
having: been penetrated by white
men. It Is a strange fact that up to the
■ ill thousands of prospec-
Territory searching- for gold,
•.m-iifUi > ..id-bearing belt
penetrated, to say nothing
cted. It is estimated by
are well informed that it will
tak.- at least a dozen years yet for miners
t< ly xover the vast expanse of
have the temerity to
Dawson and the developed region
..-.- and strike out into un
. fields.
WIBBER WILL APPEAL.
Sentence Was Not Passed on the Con-
victed Ex-Treasurer.
Augustus C. "Widber, convicted of hav
ing embezzled thousand of dollars from
the City and County Treasury, was not
: need yesterday. When the case
came up in Judge. Cook's department
Judge Belcher, who called the calendar
in the absence of Judge Cook, postponed
lings at the request of the de
for one week. It is expected, when
the case is again called, that defendant's
i will move fur a new trial and an
arrest of judgment. As the defense has
U authorities to support the motion
new trial, it is possible that the
•vviil take the matter under advise
and thereby delay the sentence of
: for at least two weeks. If the
curt refuses to grant the defendant's
itence an appeal will
then be taken to the Supreme Court.
Lurlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sta. Swimming. Ruislm. hot
*Ld cold tub baths. Salt water direct from ocean.
Red Cross Work Album.
A. 8. Hubbard of the Red Cross
■>■ has for some time past been ar
ng in suitable scran books all that
•«-n published in this city about tne
of the Rfd Cross Society. The first
called "Volume 1 of the Red Cross
Album." has already been filed, and
•st article pasted therein is the check
for the- first contribution, which came
Mrs. William Alvord. Tlu- various
:-.i" j r Bcraps will li 11 another volume,
and may till a third.
___^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOoooooofioaaaaaßßaßßßaaaaaaaaaßßaaaa
•ad^Thp Owl flriii^ Co iiks \
jo "^^ San Francisco, Oakland, ■ Los Angeles. * »
I CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS. I
a
■* T R OUT= Can Avail The «»"
fiatesonDr d
I PATRONS Medicines
We have a special Mail Order De-
partment where mail orders are
filled just tha same as if you called
in person, fl you reside within
100 miles of San Francisco, Oak- i
land or Los Angeles we prepay the
freight on all orders amounting to
$5 or over. Send for price list
and try a sample order. No use
of you paying $1.00 a bottle for
Paine's Celery Compound when you
can buy it for 60c at The Owl. We
q cut rates on everything.
0 & & THE OWL store's the place to «
% tSik, get your money's worth in i s&jlM «
1 jj^rf: the Drug line. g
FLAMES WILL
DELAY THE
TRANSPORTS
Ships Ftt'ng Dam
aged by Water.
FIRE IN A MATTRESS FACTORY
THE COMPANY HAD A LARGE
GOVERNMENT ORDER.
! Sparks From the Motor Cause the
Blaze— Valencia and Senator
May Have to
Wait.
Sparks from the electric motor ignited
some silk iloss in the wool room of the
j Bernhard Mattress Company, at 044 Mis
: siun street, shortly before 5 o'clock yes
terday afternoon, causing; a nre which did
$10,000 damage to the concern. The blaze
wiil probably delay the departure of the
Government transports, as the linn had
a large contract to supply mattresses and
bedding for the vessels. It will be sev
eral days before the factory can be oper
ated, and the manufactured stock already
on hand was considerably damaged by
water and smoka
The fire started just about the tjme
when wurk was being shut down for the
day. Fort mail F. H. Rice of the wool
room, which is in the top story of the
building, told William Hall to shut off
the inuior, which he did. As the motor
slowed down a number of sparks were
emitted. The room was lilled with fly
| ing particles of silk iloss which was be
i ing "picked," and some of this flew into
i the motor and became ignited by the
sjurks. In a minute the entire room was
in a blaze. The excelsior and other in
ilammabic upholstering stock Quickly took
Tire anu burned like tinder. The em
ployes in the wool room made an at
■ to extinguish the flames, but find
ing their efforts unavailing sought safety
by retreat down the stairs, which for
tunately were on the opposite side of the
room trom where the lire started.
Joseph Ross, who was employed in the
storeroom, ran to the water tower house
and had an alarm turned in Irom box
No. 61. As soon as the department ar
rived at the burning building it was seen
that rapid work was required to keep
the flames under control, so skipping the
second alarm a third was turned in im
mediately. The water tower was slow in
getting to work, consuming nearly fifteen
minutes before it got a stream of water
on the building. After it began opera
tions, however, the fiames were soon ex-
tinguished.
The .Bernhard Company has been work
ing a force of 102 men night and day for
the past month In order to fill a number
of large orders, and has enough work on
hand to keep a full force at work for the
next three months. A $s",'>.'O Government
I contract for supplying the transports with
mattresses were one of the orders being
filled at the time of the fire. A large
number of mattresses had been com
pleted, and these were to have been taken
aboard the Valencia and Senator this
morning. They were stored on the first
floor of the building, and in spite of the
rubber blankets placed over them by the
men from the fire patrol it is feared they
have been damaged by water. Whether
enough undamaged ones can be found to
supply the two troopships, which were
to depart this week, is a Question, and ;
if there are enough the members of the
firm fear that the insurance companies j
will nut allow them to be removed until |
they can be examined and the salvage es- i
Llmau-d. This will take two or three
days, so it is probable that the trans
ports will be delayed for that length of
time.
Perhaps a week will be required to fit
up the factory in shape to begin work
on the fittings for the other troop ships
which are expected to leave soon after
the departure of the Senator and Valen
cia. The firm has been planning to move i
into a building directly across the street
for some time, and the fire will in all
probability hasten the move. An order )
from the Pacific Mail Company for the j
refitting of the China and City of Pana- !
ma was being filled by the Bernhard Com
pany, and the leather fittings have been
damaged more or less by water and
smoke.
The fire was confined to the top floor,
which was completely gutted. In the third
story was the upholstering shop, while |
the second floor was usr-d as a store room.
Captain Comstock of the fire patrol had
the stock well blanketed in a short time j
after the alarm was turned in, but the I
entire building was flooded with water
from the tower and a great deal of the
stock was damaged.
The loss is estimated by the owners to
be about $16,000, but Captain Comstock
thinks it will hardly reach $10,000. This
is entirely covered by insurance, the com
pany carrying policies for between $15,000
and $20,0)0. The damage to the building,
which is owned by Mrs. R. F. Deane of
Berkeley, will not exceed $500.
The motor which started the fire had
been considered a menace to the estab
lishment, and on advice from the fore
man preparations had been made to have
It boxed to-day. After the firemen had
left the building last evening employes
of the f-stablishment were paid their
week's wages and instructed to report
for work this morning.
TROOPS ORDERED ON BOARD.
The Senator May Sail for Manila To-
Morrow and the Valencia Fol
low on Wednesday.
General Miller was notified yesterday
from department headquarters that the
THOMPSON'S o
DANDELION AND g
CELERY TONIC, »
Regular $1 size ttOc a bottle Z.
Cuticura Soap 15c --*
Pears' Soap 15c 2 for 25c O
Baker's Honduras Sarsaparilla.7sc $
Phillips' Cod Liver Oil 4Oc rt
Wizard Oil 40c w
Pond's Extract 155c O
Syrup of Figs Jssc #
Carter's Pills 15c tt
farter's Hair Renewer sOc w
Witch Hazel, pints 25c #
Witfh Hazel, gallon bottles. #l 25 #
Castoria 25c A
Melllns' Food (large) 55c **
Malted Milk (small) 4Oc &
Malted Milk (large) 75c «
Malted Milk Hospital *3 OO Z,
Barclay's Female Pills J?2 OO #
Hoff's Malt 25c 0
Paine's Celery Compound OOc «
Fogarty's Fog: Drops ."«•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
HOW CAPTAIN CLARK
GAVE UP THE OREGON
Fireman Smiths Simple Recital of tfye Big Bat
tleship's Glory.
pRANK SMITH, a young fireman, who shipped on the United States
H battleship Oregon, has returned to this city, and is now at the State
J. of California Hotel, corner of Fourth and Howard streets.
He was with the big fighter on her memorable trip around the
Horn, and assisted in feeding her furnaces during the great naval battle
which resulted in the destruction of Admiral Cervera's fleet off Santiago
de Cuba.
Smith is a native of Kentucky, and is a fine physical specimen. His
time of enlistment having expired he will enjoy a vacation and then prob-
ably return to the service of Uncle
Sam with a somewhat better place.
"We did not fear the scrap we
were to have," he remarked, in
talking about his experience, "but
it was running her 14,000 miles when
we were short of firemen. At Callao
we had to work thirty-six hours on
a stretch in coaling ship. The
same thing happened at Sandy
Point in the Straits of Magellan.
"We did not know that the war
was on, of course, until we arrived
at Rio Janeiro. After that, you
bet, we kept a sharp lookout, but
it was, as Captain Clark said, we
didn't fear the whole Spanish navy.
"After coaling and cleaning up
at Key West, we got a full crew
and went with the New York to the
scene of action. When trouble be
gan that morning of the 3d of July
the Oregon, as was shown, was
ready for the fray. Being relieved
at times in the fireroom I had an
opportunity of witnessing a good
deal of the light.
"Captain Clark stood right out
on the forward thirteen-inch tur
ret and gave his orders. We fired
the first and last shot of that en-
gagement. The first was a six-inch shell. Then everything opened up,
and I tell you there was music in the air. The thermometer was 170 de
grees down below, the forced draught sizzing and the furnaces roaring
like hades.
"The propellers were making 12S revolutions a minute and that drove
the ship at the rate of seventeen knots an hour. We engaged every one
of the enemy's ships, one after another, .going by our own vessels almost
like a shot, and never stopping until the Cristobal Colon was landed.
The Oregon had a 'bone' in her mouth such as she never had before.
"We have not really received due credit. We were closer in on the
enemy than any other vessel of our fleet, and the reason we were not
hit as often as the Brooklyn was because they shot over us, and the out
lying ships got the shot at long range. The Brooklyn was three miles off
our port bow when we were closing in on the Maria Teresa and Colon. Be
fore this, however, the Vizcaya was giving us some zigzag work, but she
did not last long.
"The Spaniards fought furiously, but, as we all know now, they could
not shoot. A number of us went on boarft the Maria Teresa after she
was beached, and there I saw a terrible sight. Among other things, there
was a dead Spaniard wrapped in the flag of his native country. He had
been wounded unto death, and had crawled several feet afterward In or
der to die in this manner. Master-at-Arms Sherwood, observing it, re
marked: 'Well, if you are loyal as ali that I'll bury you in your flag."
and he threw him overboard."
Smith says that he had a regular Jaunting tour across the continent.
He and his companion, Thomas Smith, also an Oregon fireman, were al
lowed to stop over on their tickets wherever they pleased. At the Trans
mississippl Exposition at Omaha they wore smothered with attentions.
When the ladies became assured that they had passed through the big
battle in the Pacific Coast fighting machine they bestowed all kinds of
caresses and salutations upon them, and detained them as natural curi
osities for more than a week.
Smith faya it was embarrassing at first, but he soon got to liking it.
It was a sad scene, he declares, when Captain Clark took leave of his
ship and crew. All hands were called forward to bid him adieu, possibly
for the last time. The emotions of the gallant commander were really
distressing to officers and men. All he could say to them was: "God
bless the men of the Oregon." Then saluting he was escorted to a
launch amid the wildest cheering.
In the midst of the battle and the trying portion of the long trip the
captain gave orders to serve the firemen with Ice to the exclusion of his
own table, and he saw that the firemen only were served with gTog, be
cause, as he said, they needed extra stimulant.
Smith says the Oregon is "good enough for him."
[ troops designated to embark upon the
transport Senator will be expected to be
aboard that vessel by noon to-morrow.
General Miller stated that the troops
would leave their camp at the Presidio
as soon as it was convenient to-morrow
morning, probably about 10 o'clock. . It
Is expected that the Senator will sail to
morrow afternoon. Yesterday's fire may
modify all these orders.
The Valencia, which was to have sailed
with the Senator, will not be ready to re
ceive her troops until Tuesday, and in
consequence will not sail until the follow
ing day, but being a faster ship than the
Senator will overtake her. Unless or
dered to keep the Senator company, the
Valencia will reach Manila some time
ahead of her. The Valencia will probably
go to Angel Island if there Is- enough
water at the dock there to take aboard
the Second Battalion of the First Wash
ington troops, which has been designated
to go on her.
The Pennsylvania and Rio Janerio are
expected in to-day. The latter has 130
sick soldier aboard. Captain Thompson,
the assistant chief quartermaster of th«
department, stated yesterday that he had
made all the necessary arrangements to
transport the sick from the Presidio dock
to the Division Hospital. This will be
a short move for them, and can be made
with more convenience than if the men
were landed at the down town dock. Two
sets of barracks have been made vacant
for the use of these sick soldiers.
No women nurses will be allowed to
accompany the troops to Manila. This
has been definitely decided upon by the
army authorities, who will see that their
will is enforced. The Secretary of War
alone will have the power in future to
grant an order which will permit any of
the gentler sex from accompanying
troops on transports. The rule thus made
does not effect nurses only, as the wives
of commanding officers, should they de
sire to accompany their husbands, must
do so on the regular passenger steamers,
unless they are favored by the Secretary
of War. Conduct which created much
gossip on the part of the nurses on the
Arizona is what has caused the order to
be made. The officials do not make this,
however, a particular ground for divorc
ing women from the hospital department,
but say that the service Is better without
The' War Department has notified Colo
nel Long, authorizing the expenditure of
such money as may be necessary to fix |
up the Tacoma for the purpose of making
another attempt to transport horses to
Manila. It Is understood that First Lieu
tenant John O'Shea. Fourth Cavalry,
whose troop is now at Manila, will be put
in charge of the Tacoma. The vessel and
all Government property aboard of her
has already been turned over to Lieuten
ant O'Shea.
Major Field, Second Artillery, who has
been weeding out the undesirable soldiers
of the Tennessee Regiment, has about
completed his work. The majority of
these men will be mustered out upon the
charge of physical disability. It Is esti
mated that the ■ number of men thus
dropped will be slightly In excess of one
hundred. They constitute the disturbing
element which has so often brought the
regiment Into ill-respute. The War De
partment will be petitioned to allow the
regiment to recruit up to its maximum
strength.
Private C. B. Eshelmen, Company M.
First Washington Regiment, who was
tried by a general court martial upon the
charge of larceny, was acquitted and hna
been ordered released from confinement
and ordered to report to his company
commander for duty.
Private Harry Wallace, Company G,
Seventh California Regiment, died at the
Division Hospital late on Friday night.
His remains have been sent to his home
at Redlands.
T'pon the recommendation of the chief
surgeon. Acting Assistant Surgeon A. J.
Pedlar hns been nssigned to duty at tho
Division Field Hospital.
GRAND LODGE ADJOUBNS.
Close of the Forty-Ninth Convocation
of the Grand Body of Masons.
The forty-ninth annual convocation of
the Grand Lodpe of Free and Accepted
Masons was brought to a close yesterday,
after the acceptance of the reports of
several committees and the Installation
of the elected and appointed officers.
The officers installed were: Judge F. M.
Angellotti, grand master; Charles L. Pat
ton, deputy grand master; J. A. Foshay,
senior grand warden; W. S. Wells, junior
grand warden; Edward Coleman. grand
treasurer; George Johnson, grand secre
tary; Edward Bently Church, grand chap
lain; Judge Carroll Cook, grand orator;
W. H. Edwards, grand lecturer; John
Boyd, grand marshal; S. Prager, grand
standard-bearer; E. J. Lewis, grand ju
nior deacon; M. Ensign, srand junior
steward; Samuel D. Mayer, grand organ
ist (thirty-first termi; George P. Adams
grand tyler (reappointed).
HIS LIFE CRUSHED OUT.
Clarence Dunn, a Six- Year Old Boy,
Tails Off a Truck With Fatal
Results.
Clarence Dunn, a bright boy 6 years of
age, was a victim yesterday afternoon to
the habit of boys jumping on trucks
while being driven along the streets.
About 1 o'clock he and some other boys
jumped on the rear end of a truck that
was being driven across Fourth street
at Perry by Harry Smith, a teamster for
McNab & Smith. The boy fell off the
side of the truck and the hind wheel
passed over his head, crushing his skull
so that the brains oozed out. Smitn's at
tention waa called to the boy, and he
stopped his team and went back to where
the boy was lying. The sight sickened
him and he could do nothing.
A crowd soon gathered, and a man who
was passing in his buggy picked up the
boy and drove him in the direction of the
Receiving Hospital. The ambulance had
been summoned, and on its way met the
buggy, and the unconscious boy was
transferred to the ambulance.
At the Receiving Hospital Dr. Bunnell
found that the boy had sustained a com
pound comminuted fracture of the skull
and could not live many minutes. He
died in half an hour, and the body was
sent to the Morgue.
The boy lived with his parents at 2:5
Perry street, and had not left the hou<e
more than five minutes when the sad ac
cident occurred. Smith, the teamst-r
was arrcsttd by Special Officer O'Connor
and taken to the City Prison, where a
charge of manslaughter was booked
against him. He was released on his own
recognizance by Judge Mogan
AID WOULD BE WELCOMED.
The Mother of Willie Lynch in Need
of Assistance — He Was the
Family's Breadwinner.
Mrs. Lynch, mother of little Willie
Lynch, the boy whose skull was fractured
by Policeman Kenville's club three weeks
ago, Is having a difficult time trying to
provide for her family of children and
take care of Willie at the same time.
The effects of the blow are such as to
change the child from a bright boy of
10 to one with the mentality of a baby
and with all the peevishness of an ailing
infant.
Willie and his elder brother were the
bread winners of the family, and since
Willie was injured the elder boy has also
taken ill, and the result is that the fam
ily is , *,n, n , straitene d circumstances.
There is little or nothing- in their home
at 166 Clara street, and were it not for
the kindness of a few who have interest
ed themselves in the family there would
be nothing to eat In the house. The aid
of charitably inclined people would not be
misplaced if it were bestowed upon the
suffering family. Mrs. Lynch thinks,
since the present condition was cau.sed
by a man in the employ of the city it
would not be amiss ("or the people' to
help her throuK" her trouble.
Music in the Park.
The programme for the regular concert in
Golden Gate Park this afternoon is as follows:
March. "Seventh Regiment" M. C Hunt
((Dedicated to Colonel John C. Berry, cora
mandlnß the Seventh Regular Cajifornia
Volunteers.)
Overture, "Crown Diamonds" Auber
Selection from "Martha" Flotow
'Mill in the Forest" Eilenberg
Descriptive fantasie, "Columbus" Hermann
Overture, "Son and Stranger" Mendelssohn
Cornet solo, cavatlna from "Roberto II
Dlavolo' ' Meyerbeer
M!?s Preelosa L. Pracht.
Waltz, "Les Roses" Metra
Intermezzo from "Cavallerla Rusticana"
Mascagnl
March, "Charlatan" (first time) Sousa
Leopold Liebman's Will.
The will of Leopold Llebman, vho died
on October 12, leaving an estate valued at
510,000, was filed for probate yesterday.
The entire estate is bequeathed the im
mediate relatives of the testator, the
majority of whom reside in Europe.
Petition in Bankruptcy.
Albert Wllzinski filed a petition in bank- '
ruptcy yesterday in the United States !
District Court. His debts are $2732 51 and ;
his assets nothing.
LEGAL FIGHT
OVER LIGHTING
PRIVILEGES
It Is Promised During
This Week.
COMPANIES LOCK HORNS
CITY CONTRACT FOR LIGHTING
TO BE CONTESTED.
Mutual Company Will Seek to En
join the Gas and Electric Com
pany From Collecting
City Bills.
There Is a hot legal flght In prospect
between the San Francisco Gas and
Electric Company and its new rival, the
Mutual Electric Company. The latter
will try to prevent the payment to the
first named company of any money un
der the recently executed street lighting
contract, claiming that the same is
void by reason of frauds in the award.
In case the Supervisors next Monday
pass over the Mayor's veto a resolution
ordering the $24,000 September bills of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany to be paid, the opposing company
will sue for an injunction in court to
restrain Auditor Broderlck from approv
ing the demand.
Such was the statement made to the
Auditor yesterday by W. K. Summer
| hayes, vice president and general man
ager of the Mutual Electric Light Com
pany. He called at the Auditor's office
in the afternoon and asked that the pay
ment of the 524,000 be held up, if ordered
by the Supervisors, until his company
could Institute the necessary legal pro
ceedings to have the contract declared
valueless. Mr. Summerhayes was In
formed that his request would be granted
for a period of ten days. In stating his
position in the matter the Auditor de
clared that he was not the proper per
son to say whether or not the $24,000
should eventually be paid, the law pro
viding that when a bill is allowed over the
Mayor's veto that fact constituted a le
gal warrant for the payment of the same.
Nevertheless, he was inclined to give the
Mutual Company a chance to prove its
case, if it could, but would grant no sus
pension of approval of the bills longer
than ten days, which would give ample
time for the tiling of an injunction suit
against him. Mr. Summerhayes assured
Mr. Broderiok that the company was in
earnest, stating that it proposed to do
everything in its power to have the new
lighting contract declared void and thus
secure another chance to enter the field
as a competitor. He declared that the
action of the Supervisors in preventing
the Mutual Company from erecting poles
for a competing gas and electric sys
tem transgressed the law by making
competitive bids impossible.
The programme, as outlined, is about
as follows: On next Monday the Super
visors will appropriate, over the Mayor's
veto, the $24,000 for the September gas
bills. The demand on the Treasurer will
then be sent to Auditor Broderick, who
will hold it up.
On Tuesday the injunction proceed
ings against the Auditor will be com
menced by the Mutual Company and then
the whole matter will be settled in court.
It will be recalled that Mayor Phelan,
in his second veto message, recently sent
to the Supervisors, claimed that the
lighting contract was not only illegal but
objectionable, inasmuch as it would make
the city pay $40,000 more for lighting than
If the competing company were ©.warded
the contract, while the citizens would
suffer to the extent of an added $100,000
on private Illuminating bills. The Mayor
disputed Supervisor Rottanzi's right to
cast the deciding vote in overthrowing
his first veto when it was sent to the
board.
At the time when the veto was over
ruled there were flying charges in the air
that one Supervisor had received $20,000
for his vote, but no investigation of the
reports were instituted by the board. It
is quite possible that this phase of the
matter will receive an airing in the courts
during the hearing of the petition for an
injunction.
MUSTERING IN NEW
NATIONAL GUARDSMEN
REORGANIZATION OF CITIZEN
SOLDIERY COMMENCES.
Eighteen Companies in the Second
and Seven in the Third Brigade.
New Cavalry Troop.
The machinery for the reorganization
of the National Guard of the State of Cali
fornia has finally been set in motion, and
it Is probable that the first companies of
tho new organization will be mustered in
within the next two weeks. The first
step to that end was the issuance, some
clays since, of the following order from
division headquarters:
Brigadier General R. H. Warfleld command-
Ing the Second llrlgade, N. G. C, Is hereby
directed. In accordance with the decision of
the Board of Location and Organization, to
muster in In hie brigade not exceeding eigh
teen new companies In lieu of those which are
now In the volunteer service. Preference will
be Riven t<-> the localities from which these
cnmpanlrs hnve entered the service. Should
: ny locality from which a company has entered
the service neglect or not desire to form a new
company, applications from other places can
be consi.lerpil.
There 13 no doubt as to any men coming into
the guard through these new companies, who
have already served or are still In the service,
not having been discharged, that their time
will count Just as if there had never been any
volunteering and if. as the result of a {physi
cal examination, men have to be discharged
by reason of physical disability. It Is believed
that proper legislative action can be had at the
coming session of the Legislature to protect
them fully. By command of
MAJOR GENERAL. DICKINSON.
L. S. SCHMITT, Major and Aid.
Upon receipt of the above special order
Brigadier General Warfleld issued general
order No. 5. which reads:
In accordance with directions contained in
orders No. 27, current series. Division
Headquarters, the following detail Is hereby
made for the organization and mustering in of
not exceeding eighteen new companies In the
Second Brigade. N. G. C. In lieu of those com
panies now in the United States Volunteer ser
vice.
Major Charles Jansen. Inspector: Major H. A.
________ ADVERTISEMENTS. ______
-•-O*-O-»-O-»-O-»-O-*O-»-O-#-G-»-O-»-O-»-O«- O -♦-O-»-O-*O-»-O-«-O-»-O-»-O-*O-*-O-*O-*-O*-:
■ j&^^k I Another Wonderful Cure of
fed RUPTURE.
{mCj3j SAN FRANCISCO, October 11. 1898.
v^ /aii, 'XCt&flfttni DR - PIERCE A; SON—
/w^BHSWcS'I 'Jt\ Pear Sirs: I desire to Inform you that since I have worn
'■' I&&e&NRi!tMKW&&f3BSSsL- l)r "' " your double trusses ; have never experienced the
pL|dffl^BKflßM|^H^B i slightest trouble from my ruptures. Before obtaining your
E^PS^SfW truss l na<l tried scores of other trusses and found no re-
*V3E^v' V"{iji''"^«^Vi>'''(il ''" ! I had been. ruptured for twenty-flve years, an,! before
Re^-dw!^jS;'"*i2'lj»V ** ' '''^ft-n * nn(l been ruptured fnr twenty-five years, an. 1 , before
•SS%^BSkIh!IS«QB}'"'- I purchasing your truss had tried others In England, Aus-
i i ?Sra*S^'fl£wJa*? iiHSsBI tralla and America. 1 now rind that I can remove my truss
kv«Si»i2w!S«l"J^C'*''S«(K and no sign of any rupture makes Its appe.-irance. To 'all
■MililPlll 1 il'l 1 ' 'lII— If intents and purposes I AM A WELL MAN. for Which re-
_^ r-k i r- r» /~« tr suit you and your trusses are to be duly thanked.
DR. PIEIKOfc., I write thin letter and give you permission to publish it,
•*:.. ,__i__ for the benefit of other sufferers. Yours faithfully,
. ...r-' lnventor. d. Jenkins, •
— ~ ' ■ Master of the British " ship Crown of Scotland.
ICTFor price list and full particulars of Dr. Pierre's " world-renowned " Magnetic
Elastic Truss, call at office, or send 2 cents In stamps for "Illustrated Pamphlet
No. 1." hours— 9 a. m. to 7p. m. SUNDAY, from 2toSp. m.
Office hours— 9 a. m. to 7 p. m. SUNDAY, from 2t03 p. m.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY,
620 Market Street (Opposite Palace Hotel , San Francisco.
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
■t'-f .ft £+; rf S f/Jf- 4- 4--> 4-4- 4-> 4-4- 4- 4- +4- 4- 4-> t>> * 4r '.'♦' > -♦" ♦**
I KOHLBERG. STRAUSS & FROHMAN f|
J SPECIAL VALUES -J
+ . . .lIN ... "♦
t . DRESS GOODS .'/■
4. ' ,-. This week we offer a bargain in PLAID ; -- -^
DRESS GOODS, silk and wool mixed, . '. •.- ■;. +
4- •■■ - ■ ;:-■ light and dark effects, width 37 inches. -^ .' I
+. ' SPECIAL AT ■ ' ' -f.
4- ..... sOc +
4- Market-street Start Onlv! "*
♦" Imported Scotch Plaid DRESS GOODS. "T
4- silk stripe and check, on Momie ground, 414 1
. novelty styles. VERY CHOICE AT .0
4- . . • • . 6Oc M
4- (Market-street Store Only. "^
"♦" All-Woo! PLAID ' DRESS GOODS, . with " " .-
4. heavy silk stripe, Venetian Roman tI
1 combinations, all the newest colorings, ~ -M
4- were imported to sell at Jl. SPECIAL AT T.
m • • • • M J*w -4*
t" Market-street Store Or.lv. 414 1
t : . ■ " . • • • a,
1 Choice Styles— Plaid Novelties in DRESS "4?
~ -.. GOODS— Camel's Hair and .. .. ,^j
4- Friese Effects, that are swell for separate
a SKIRTS AND WAISTS— OPENED. "4»
j" ( ; Price from • ' ' " - :'.-"' ■ ; . +
HK 31 to $2.50 4.
4. YARD «|;
a Market-street Store Only. »
X BARGAIN SALE : X
X Ruffled Swiss Curtains! X
4- Three yards long, were made to sell at 4"
J2 50 per pair. SPECIAL AT '.^ -■/.-,=>,•.> . .
a .... vpl«Sv-l
"*" * PER PAIR _T
"♦"--. . . (Market-street Store Only. . . I .;.>;"*
4. . . ■ >
X SPECIAL LINEN BARGAIN X
Table Damask, full bleached, extra heavy, .
4- pure linen, choice patterns, 68 ■ inches .' ■▼
>. wide, the regular $1 grade. SPECIAL AT. - ; - ..
■•'.i^h CS. ; ■
4- •'.... ysc ' >
4- ■ (Market- Store Only. -4
4- +
4- NOVELTIES JUST OPENED! 4.
X Drapery Materials for Home Decoration X
4" Novel designs and colorings in Cotton ,+
4. Fabrics. Silk and Cotton PLUSHES, 7'
VELOURS, Etc., -4
♦" j Oh Sale at 'Both Stores. >
J . . ■ —: ■ : : . - . +
X IOT, 109 POST STREET —
4 .... AND ....
X 1220, 1222 AND 1224 MARKET STREET. X
4-44444 44-444444444 4-44 44 4 4 4 4-4- '-!-' 4 4 4- 4- 4-
Werner, quartermaster; Major J. A. Margo.
commissary, and Major C. J. Evan?, signal of
ficer. Each company to be composed of not less
than fifty active members. All members to
pass a physical examination in accordance with
United States army regulations, said examina
tion to be made by or under the supervision or
Lieutenant Colonel G. F. Hanson, surgeon, Sec
ond Brigade. N. O. C.
Now that the order has been Issued
there will this weeK be published in ac
cordance with the provisions of a section
of the Political Code a notice to such ap
plicants who desire to- enter the service
of the State to meet at stated times and
place, where they may be examined, and
on the same niffht they will be mustered
in and the officers elected.
An ordeF similar to that issued to the
commander of the Second Brigade has
been issued to Brigadier General W. M.
Muller. commanding the Third Brigade,
to muster in his brigade a company at
Woodland, to take the place of Company
F, Secrvnd Infantry, and six additional
new companies, to taKe the places of the
six companies of the Second Infantry
which have entered the United States
volunteer service. There will also be the
organization and mustering in of a new
troop of cavalry at Sacramento to take
the place of Troop B, now in the service
of the United States.
The following named have been dis
charged from the service of the State and
from the Signal Corps of the Second Bri
gade on the ground of removal: Privates
J. C. Jurs and W. H. Covert.
Captain L. H. Turner, commanding the
Naval Militia, is still confined to his home
by illness. ,
Last Tuesday niprht there were sixty
men of the two divisions nt this port on
Spreekels wharf, where they were put
through infantry drill by Lieutenant W.
E Elliott and Ensigns Kammercr and
Morton. A number of the men who were
with the auxiliary navy have returned to
their respective divisions, and are now
more enthusiastic than they were before
they enlisted in the service of Uncle
Sam A number of the members of this
branch of the puard have applied for
■even years' exemption certificates, hav
inp served that length of time in the
etiard As yet nothinp nas been done in
the matter of the removal of the Marion
from her present berth on th^ city front.
It is thought that if the vessel is ordered
into the stream it will have a discourag
ing effect on the men who are again be
coming enthtisiastic.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Captain W. H. JfcMton of San Jose is
a recent arrival at the Lick.
Charjes Rule, the Duncan Mills dairy
man, is a guest at the Lick.
G. W. Barker, proprietor of the Palace
Hotel at Napa, is at the Russ.
Amos Burr, traveling passenger agent
of the Vanderbilt lines, has returned
from a trip through the southern part of
the State.
Charles F. McGlashan, a well-known
mining and lumber man of Truekoe. is
at the Russ. He is accompanied by Miss
McGlashan.
S. B. Carleton, editor of Town Talk,
has returned from a six months' Eastern
trip in poor health, and is confined to
his room at Hotel Savoy.
James B. Ferguson, the well-known
Kentucky horseman, who is to act as
starter at the Oakland track during the
coming racing season, is at the Palace.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
» ♦ «
New Statue of St. Anthony.
A beautiful new statue of St. Anthony
has been received at the French Church
of Notre Dame dcs Viotoires from Paris.
The statue is nearly lift- siz^- and is said
to be without doubt the most beautiful
and costly in this city. The ceremony of
blessing the Image will take place to-day,
just before high mass at 11 o'clock. A
costly and artistic pedestal has been
erected upon which the statue will rest.
FOR
fFINE TAILORING
/#A PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
fslpm WORKMANSHIP, at
S£l§f||pi 25 per cent Less than Other
Kl^^^f Tailors Charge, Go to
Tit JOE PSHEIM
/ warn *" Wot)l Suits to dhl*) to <£QG
/ M W Order from '4> l Z t0 4>UU
/ R Pants from ...s4*° $ 1 0
*]P^y""—^^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.
844 and 840 Market St.,
HO and "1 12 Market BL. San Francisca
: ~ ~ •
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
; Formerly 427 Keapny.
rso ■ r*f\iN :' no' ; pa'ini
M&PtihL . ■ Lo west • Prices in ; th« City!
9^3 GUARANTEED.
•?-* « TEETH WITHOUT
SB jjf/im fm PLATES A SPECIALTY.
-VSr -O^* W% Full Set of Teeth, ex-
■ ff 2.\ I trading free. .."5 ».."H> up
' vi yfrVi^J Gold Crowns, 2Ck
ifi^k^'^J s Si- Fllllnga ......aSo up
*§mSsslwFSi ELECTRO-DENTAL
-llifc§?ai-§ .clinic,
I A£"T»>v'te*!£L' s* Suite 7, Flood Butldln*.
■•' • ' SO9 MARKET ST.
Office lira.— a.m. to 10 p.m. ; Sun., 9 to 2 p.m.*
' ■■■/ ■ ■ ■. -
Good wine, good dinner,
$i.
Chauche & Bon's Sau- -"
terne served to-day.
Spreckels Rotlsserle, l&th Floor. "all building.
Use ; /?^V and
Facial Soap y Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial cream. Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN' 1
H. WOOD3UKY. will make the complexloa
Clear. Soft and Beautiful and the teeth -white.
Sold everywhere. ' •'
t vi Bit8 it DR. JORDAN'S g~**
i^l E9us@utn of Anatomy
|E|fif\ ICE BA2SZT ST. felt. 6ta * 7ti, 8. t. Od.'
I B 1 The Lar(*stoflukiDdiQU>«WerU.
I^l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Con,u:ta:ioo frea. Write fbr «!••*
vl j Philosophy of. Carriage.
A U MAILED FJtl.
BgQ Oklehestci- 1 * Ensllnh DUmond Bnuid. -
PChicheatcrti Easliah DUmond Braa*.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
W «^JV Orl^lual and O»ly Genuine. A
y^df nrvvv •*"• »i"»j» njuu*. ladies hi iSTV
rilll V-^S* D'»«?lrt tat Chiehvter t KnglU* Dig-M%.\
ft*^*-"ai's:*«i nv>ni< BnnA In Kcd »c4 «o/J njtuliio\\^r
hv —^£#2bOMa, if »:<yi with blue ribbon. Tako \»'
|^n - •SvJu'* other. Rr*. tr. dangorvus ru£>*Mtt- V
• : I /' "~ ftP tien* and . imitations. At Drsggliu, or tan 4 4«,
,[• ' g^r In "l-.mpi for putlealan, liUnodlli »n4
IV JET " KcHef for I.adlcm" <*» Utter, by rrtura
■-\ If Ms!!. 1 0,000 Tuiircooian. ITmmu faptr.
- ~rOH'-»-.»lei-CfccJn!calC<>.,Mßjf«tm Seur%
t*ld by all I***! t .;tUt». »*»!»» ♦ irj^. |-^
a^n^SDR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOK
LJffif^gSl! I Fl'- - hundred reward for any ca 3 »
SSH ' *"9I we cannot cure. This secret, remedy
L stopH all losses in 24 hours, cures
ÜBS Bflß Emissions. Impotency. Yarlcocele,
S*n pP*W Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Stricture*.
"Wh tiy*i Lost Manhood «ad all wasting •'-
%'£* '-' c-«5 tects of self -abuse or excesses. Sent
r ■.■ r ** ? l 7*f^< sealed, bottle: -S bottles. $5; guar- j
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. OaKland, Cal. Alto
for Bale at 1073V4 -Market St.. S. F. AH pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free boo*.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful .aphrodlslne and * periflc " tonlo
for the sexual ' and urinary ortans of both
sexes, and a great remedy for .diseases of tha
kidneys «nd bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorate and Nervine. >~ Sells on Its owa
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER," ALFS & ERUNE. Agents,
82» Market street. S. . F-— (Send for Circular.)
GaU.$L5O Yrar
78
LAST DAY'S RACING
AT LOS ANGELES
Joe Wheeler the Only
Losing Favorite.
CAKE-WALK FOR LA GOLETA
EASILY TAKES THE STREET
RAILWAY HANDICAP.
Junior Ev^nt for Two- Year-Olds Won
by Headwater, Which Beat
Midlove by but a
Head.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 15.— The closing
day of the race meet attracted a crowd
of about 2500 people to Agricultural
Park. The harness events were dull
and listless affairs, and it remained for
the runners to create some show of real
enthusiasm. Of five favorites that car
ried the public's money Joe Wheeler,
the black pacer, was the only disap
pointment and this coin was saved by
the judges declaring all bets off. Head
water, La Goleta and Lady Ashley car
ried away the running purses.
Lady Margaret, a diminutive bit of
racing machinery possessed of the lat
eral gait, was a pronounced favorite
for the special pace and disposed of her
fit-Id in impressive fashion after a mis
hap to her harness had caused the little
miss to finish last in the third heat.
"With Dick Havey holding the reins j
Joe Wheeler ruled an odds-on choice j
for the first heat of the mixed pacing i
and trotting event. The erratic Much '
Better kept the field scoring- ud until
utience of everybody was ex- j
h .usted.
The favorite must have been so af- !
feeted also, for when Starter Thorn
finally grave the word Wheeler began a
mazourka that caused him to get the j
Ted flag: swished in his face. Rex Alto. !
a 15 to 1 shut, took this and the two
following heats without effort, the bis
chestnut trotter Monterey being on his
bad behavior. For some unknown rea
son the judges declared all bets off on
the first heat, though it would be difli- j
cult to find a rule to fit the occasion.
The junior handicap, for two-year
olds, at five and a half furlongs, at- j
tracted a fairly good field to the Dost, j
and was quite a fancy betting affair, j
At the close Headwater, with Henry j
Shields up, ruled equal favorite with
the Burns & Waterhouse pair. Obsidian
and Midlove. A straggling start !
ruined the chances of. Carmanita. Oco
rona and Reina de Cuba. Shields !
rushed Headwater oui in the lead,
and, though hard pressed at the wire,
outfinished Devin on Midlove. gamine i
the verdict by a head. Mike Hennessy
on Correct was a fair third.
The Main street and Agricultural j
Park Railway handicap at a mile was a ;
cake-walk for the Baldwin filly. La Go- i
leta. Phe was coupled with her stable
B n Venado, and the ring
laid 9 to 10 against the pair at post
time. The Burns & Waterhouse duo.
Marplot and Shasta Water, were next
in demand at 13 to 10, while ajfainst
Grady. who seemed overweighted. 5 to
1 was obtained. When Caldwell sent
the bunch away with the flag. San Ve
nado. ridden by Frawley. was sent out
to kill off Marplot, and when the half
distance had been covered had aocom
1 the purpose. Tommy Butler,
astride La Goleta, then assumed the
front position and galloped in the easi
est BOrt of a winner, one length in ad
vance of Grady In I:W%.
Devin brought Shasta Water up from
the rear, taking the short end of the
purse.
The talent tried hard to make a long
shot win the last race of the day, a six
furlonsr selling sprint, but without avail.
Lady Ashley, the 4-to-6 favorite, with
Joe Piggott up, got away in front and
was hard to catch, winning easily by
four lengths. In a fierce drive for the
place Houck. astride Losette. a 30-to-l
chance, nosed Fig Leaf out. Summary:
Pacing, special, for named horses, heats 3 in
•5; parse $250.
Lady Margaret, br. m., by Star Sultan
(E. Adams) 1 14 1
George R. b. g., by Don L (R. Hack
ney 4 4 13
Riverside Wood. blk. h.. by Black
-wood-Mambrino (Dr. Buttor) .2 2 3 2
Sam H. b. h.. by Jim Blame (C. C.
Sanford) 3 3 2 4
Time, 2:l3U\ 2:17^. 2:17%. 2:17>4.
Tr< Uing and pacing, mixed free-for-all, heats
3 in f: purse $800.
Rex Alto b. h., by Alto Rex (Panfnrd).-l 1 1
Monterey, eh. X-, by Si.lne- ( Williams) .. .J 3 2
Little Tliorn, b. r., by Hawthorne (Sulli
van) 3 2 3
Joe Whaler, blk. g.. by Sidney Arnett
fHavt-y) Dls-
M'l'-h Better, b. g., by Steinway (Bunch). Dis.
lime, ■-:'--!, 2:IV-' 2 . 2:13.
STANFORD FRESHMEN
FALL TO SANTA CLARA
SAN JOSE, Oct. 15.—
Hlcky, hicky. hi hi:
Mucky, mucky, hi yi; (
S. C. San Ciara College;
S. C. College, hi yl.
Tnls yell from lusty throats of students,
'mingled with the strains of a brass band,
cheered the red and white of the Santa
Clara College football eleven on to over
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
LOS ANGELES, Saturday, Oct. 15, 18 *B.— Eleventh day of the
Sixth Agricultural Society meecing. Weather fine; track fast.
J \Y. BROOKS. Presiding Judge.
J. F. CALUWELL. Starter.
A_\ FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; the Junior handlcap;"purae,
4U» {too.
%m.
Str. Fin.
Weight.
(11*) Headwater 118 3
(110) Midlove 115; 1
122 Correct 10;": 2
126 Obsidian 1M 4
114 Rein:, de Cuba 100 I
122 (."corona V>~. , 7
117 carmanlta II 1051 6
1 2
2 2
3 2
4 4
52
7
«_4
1 Hi 1 Vi
2 2 2 2-
3 2 3 2.
4 1% .. 4 2
54 ' M
7 8 3
64 7
.in,
2 6
.'3 t&
4 6
■ 4-*
6
t_ "■■
'nieias
)evln ..|
lennessy ....
'igKOtt ....... I
1
1
10
*
10
5
10
1
3-5
6
10
7
16
tutler
"rawley
ruitterei
•Coupled with Mldlove. tPulled up.
Tii:.'. i;" z. Poor start. Won first three driving. Winner, H. L. Jones b. g, by imp.
Watorcress-Headflower.
.41.
SECOND RACE— One mile; all ages; the Railroad handicap; $500 added.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(130) La Goleta, 3 IV
130 Grady, 5 IV
116 Shfista Water, 4.... 10*
130 San Wnado, 3 10-
lffi Marplot. 3 10*
3
i
s>
2 2
1 n
3 14
4 2
■ ; ' 5
.. 2 1
- 1 1 h
1 2 ■
2 V 4
5
4 2
5 h
1 2
4 2
5
1 1
2 4
; 3 i
4 2
5
tier :•...'....
messy
,'in
.wley
gott
1-2 7-:
3
6-5 7
•Templed with La Goleta. tCoupled with Shasta Water.
Time :2F.'.». :48, 1:14%, 1:39%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win-
ner K. J. Baldwin's eh. f. by Amigo- Rosebud.
I A£% THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $200.
Horse. Age. Weight.
14m.
«m."
%m.
Str.
Lady Ashley, 3
Losette. 3
Fig I^eaf, 4
Prompto, 3
Tom Smith, 4
Petrarch, »
Elsie Smith. 4 ]
Lo s Angeles, 3. :
2 ... Ih
4 V ... V;: 4 2
3 ... 22
1 ... - 3 %
5 ... 6 1
C ... 7 2
8 -.-.'■;. '.;. -i^^, » '
7 -■ 5 1
1 2
8 14
2 1
4 1
■■6%
6 %
■ •■- 8 • ■ '
7 4
1 2
2 h
3 h
R 2
C 6
7 3
8
J 1 4
2 na
3 ns
4 hi
6 4
C 6
- 7 3',
8
'BK"il
touok ....
[.•TlllPHSy ....
rnwley .....:
:ella»
hlelds .......
•race ..■...'.-...
>evln .
3-5 4-
15 2
3
4 5-
15 2
10 1
15 .- - 3
6 •]
Time. 1:14. Good start.
fc, t. by Patton-Saline.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, Crane
whelming victory in their game with the
Stanford freshmen to-day. The score was
IS to 0. There was a fair attendance ana
at no time did interest lag. .
The game was stubbornly contested or
both sides, yet the Jesuit was scarcely
ever in doubt from The time when Mc-
Quade went through center for the first
touchdown until Garnot v had placed the
ball safely behind the Stanford goal in
the second half, after having made a
6P Sa^a d Clar n a started off with a rush and
in less than five minutes a touchdown was
scored. They kept up their fast pace and
a few moments later Captain Coward by
a very clever fake pass, took the ball and
shot over the line for a second touchdown
Not content with this. Santa Clara plajed
desperately and when time was called for
the first half had the ball on Stanford
fl With rd a li "core of 12 to 0 facing them
Stanford started in the second half with
a determination which was indeed admir
able to witness. That the.ir efforts were
rewarded is easily seen by the fact that
their opponents scored only once in this
half, while Stanford came dangerously
near Santa Clara's goal several times.
Stanford was outplayed, but at no time
did her men grow careless.
The playing of Santa Clara was a big
improvement over the recent form shown
by that team, but for v individual work
Captain Coward easily carried off the
honors. The players and the positions of
the elevens were:
Santa Clara. Position. Stanford.
Silvia Center Bowman
Graham Guard— L Butler
McKinnon L— Guard— R Kaerns
Garrard L— Tackle— R.... I Bard
Gaffey R— Tackle— L. TV ebber
O'Connor Quarterback Cooper
Garnot R— Halfback— L, Downing
Coward L— Halfback— R Rudolph
Flnnigan Lr-End— R ■••••~J Con l
Nlhlll ..R-End-L •■• Frissel
McQuade Fullback Blancnard
Santa Clara College celebrated her vic
tory this evening with bonfires and a band
concert on the college campus.
NATIONAL LEAGUE
SEASON IS CLOSED
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 101 4S .67* New York .. "'.' 72 .520
Baltimore ..97 52 .651 Pittsburg ..72 16 .48*
Cincinnati .. 92 60 .603 Louisville .. 70 B0 .467
Chicago .... 85 65 .566 Brooklyn .••• 56 91 .3bl
Cleveland ..81 68 .543' Washington. 61 101 .336
Philadelphia 78 71 .523 ;5t. Louis .. 39 110 .261
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The National
League ball season closed to-day, and
Boston again won the pennant. The ma
jority of the team managers have noth
ing but tales of woe to tell. There are
three notable exceptions— Boston, Chicago
and Cincinnati. These are away ahead
financially, but the presidents refuse to
state the exact amount of their profits.
The rest of the clubs declare that the
war almost ruined them, and add that
they expect next season to be a good uiie
forthe national game.
One of the heaviest losers is New \nrk,
Neither President Freedman nor Treas
urer McCall will discuss the disastrous
showing made by the Giants, but a man
who is pretty close to both of them
stated that the losses will amount to not
less than $50,000. The attendance at the
Polo grounds was the smallest by far
ever known in New York, and the man
agement claims that the war had mm h
to do with it. while the local press insists
that the real cause ' vas the rowdyism
that was permitted.
Brooklyn had not such an expensive
team as Manhattan, but its losses are
almost as great. Visiting teams invaria
bly fared badly there.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 15.— Boston and Baltimore
■wound up the championship of ISSS to-day In a
slugging contest. The Champions should have
m-i but flVided poorly. Three Innings of the
second game had been played when darkness
put a stop to hostilities. Boston had scored
:our runs and Baitimore six. Attendance 1675.
Score:
CC 1 — R- H - E -
Baltimore •••••!<> « "'
Boston Vr'"V .. S vi 1 ili
Batteries— Kltson and Heydon; Nichols,
Klobedanz, Bergen and Tenney. Umpires— i
Gaffney and Brown.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 15.— Philadelphia |
closed the season as it began It, by losing a
game to Brooklyn. The visitors hit Duggleby
111 over the lot. Howell was wild, but the \
Phillies could do nothing with him at critical
stages. The second game-was called at the
end of the third inning on account of dark
ness with the score standing at 5 to 0 In favor
j of the Phillies. Attendance 400. Score:
Clubs— *" *!' E :
Philadelphia ; ,$. ♦
Brooklyn ...."..... ....... iz 10 £
Batte'riis— buggleby and Murphy; Ho well and
Smith. Umpire— Smith. •
LOUISVILLE, Oct. 15.— The Colonels defeated
the Wanderers In the closing game at the sea
son to-day. Attendance 900. Score:
Clubs— R - **. E.
Louisville 4 9 3
Batteries— Mage'e "and Kittredse; Bates and
Shreck. Umpires— Emslle and Warner.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— The Giants and Sena
tors closed the season here to-day. The Giants
managed to take the first game after eleven
innings of uneventful play and had earned
three runs in the third inning of tne second
to Washington 1 b fingle tally, when darkness
nut an end to the game. The Giants finshed
ihe season In seventh position. Attendance
300. Score:
Clubs— ?• **. E
New York ! J « £
Battertt O s-MeVkin"and"LatH'merV Weyhlng
Batterieß-Meekln and Lattlmer: Weyhingr
Farrell and Casey. Umpires— Connolly and
Hunt.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 15.— The two final ball
frames of the season between Chicago and
Plttsburg were called off on account of con
tinued wet weather.
■*.
Sale of Race Horses.
NEW YORK , Oct. 15.— A number df |
race horses In training, the property of j
James Galway and others, were sold at
auction at Sheepshead Bay to-day. The
highest priced ones were as folllow3:
Blue Away, b. c, by Get Away-Blue Maid,
Ed HofTner;* $2200.
Lydian, eh. g., by Linden-Gleam, D. fetran;
Ethelbert, b. c, by Ethon-Maorl, A. J. Joy
ner' $WCO.
Danger, eh. c, by Belvedere-Sera, R. T. Wil
son Jr ' $32CXi.
Havel'ock. b. c, by Hanover-Retrieve, O. A.
Jones: $1900. „
Hungarian, eh. c, by Hanover-Dlloonia, E.
Joneß $1400. _ .
Harmonica, b. t., by Hanover-Rectare, Syd
ney Paget: JJSOO.
Queen of the Golf links.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Miss Beatrix
Hoyt -won the woman's golf champion
ship of the Ardsley links to-day, beating
Miss Maude Wetmore, five up and three
to play.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
BEN EDER AND
BEN HOLLADAY
Amongr the Winners at
Morris Park.
LOTHARIO WAS VERY GAY
GEORGE LEE, MONTGOMERY AND
SARDONIC FIRST.
Forseen, Theory, What Next, Air
Blast, Tom Collins and Miss
Ross Prove Victorious at
the Latonia Course.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Ben Eder won
the first race at Morris Park at odds of
5 to 1, and Charina took the second at 10
to 1. After that there were no surprises.
Ben Holladay's win at a mile and three
quarters was a notable one. Carrying 130
pounds, the son of Hanover and Moilie L,
went the route in SiOl I*,1 *, and everything
considered, it is the best race ever run at
the distance. Tommy Burns rode the
most winners— two. Clawson, Maher and
Doggett did some good piloting and
Owens had the mount on Ben Eder.
First race, Autumn hurdle stake, two and a
quarter miles.
Ben Eder, 145 (Owens) 1
Marshall, 147 (Allmark) 2
Governor Budd. 142 (.Hogan) k
Time, 4:27.
•Forget 160 and El Cld 132 also ran.
Suasalito odds— S to 1, 2% to 1 and 2ft to 1.
Track odds— s to 1, 3 to 1 and 13 to o.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, one and an eighth miles.
Name and Wt. Joc'.teys.l %. %. V lm. Fin.
Charina, 100 Doggettj 0 0 0 0 1
Banquo 11, 113. . E. Jones 2 3 3 3 2
D Quick, 110 Claws.m 0 0 0 OS
•Manassas, HI ....Hater 1 11 Hi 11 »
Squan. 101 Turner 0 0 0 0 0
Decanter, 103 ....O'Leary 3 2 2 24 0 ;
Time. I:SS. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— lo to 1, 4to 1 and 10 to •1. '
Track od<js-*y> to 1, 3 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, maiden two-year-olds, five and a
half furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, %. %. Str. Fin.
The Rose, 109 Clawson 112 2 1H
•Composer, 112 Taral 2 In 12 2
Imitation, 112 Spencer 0 0 3 3
,Al Reeves, 109 Turner 3 3 0 0
Time, 1:06. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Dr. Fltzslmmons 112, Hardy Fool 112, Cos
mopolitan 112 and Aurldale 103 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2, even and i to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 5, 8 to 5 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Champagne stakes, two-year
olds, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! «. Vi- %• Str. Fin.
Lothario, 107 Maher 0 0 0 0 1
Filigrave. li2...Littlefleld 0 0 0 12
•Manuel. 122 Spencer 3 3 0 0 3
Capt. Sigsbee, 112.Claw8on 1 11110 0
K. Barleycorn, 112.Turner 0 0 2 2 0
Dr. Parker. 107....Doggett 2 2 3 3 0
Time, 1:29%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 3 to 1 and 2 to 1.
. Track odds— 6 to 1, 7 to 2 and 11 to 5.
♦Favorite.
Fifth race. Municipal handicap, one and
three-quarter miles. ■
j Name and Wt. Jockeys. lm. Hi- IV4- Str. Fin.
' Ben Holladay, 130. Burns 212 10-21
! Jefferson, S7 ....J. Weber 1 2 12 Hi 14 2
Thomas Cat, 98. ...Maher 0 0 0 0 3
•Handball. 114 Turner 0 0 2% 3 0
Whis'lg Con, 103.. Spencer 3 3 3 0 0
Time, 3:01.a. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sir Walter 113, Semper Ego 110, Latson 100
and Twinkler 100 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 1, 15 to 1 and 5 to L
Track odds— 7 to 2, 30 to 1 and IS to 5.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, handicap, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! %. i/,. %. Str. Fin.
•Macy. 120 Burns 0 0 2 1111
Danfortfa, 100 Maher 2 2 113 2
Tabouret. 110 Turner 0 0 3 2 3
Sensational, 90 ...Corbley 110 0 0
•Candlfblaok. 114.Clawson| 3 2 0 0 0
Time. 1:30. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— 2 to 1, 2>4 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— l 4to 5, sto 2 and sto L
•Favorite.
WHAT NEXT, AIR BLAST, ROSS
Three Latonia Horses That Won at
Pleasant Prices.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 15.— What Next, with a
neat pull In the weights, won the Cincinnati
Hotel Autumn handicap at Latonta to-day from
a fine field, and the beauty of it was that his
price was 8 to 1. Atr Blast was at a similar
figure in the fourth and won, and Miss Ross
vraa at that price in the last and captured the
coin. Forseen, Theory and Tom Collins were
the winning favorites. Frost did the best rid
ing. The track was in excellent order.
First race. Belling, seven furlongß.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! %. Vt. %. Str. Fin.
•Forseen, 104 ..T. Powers 0 0 0 0 11
Oerlc 11. 102 Frost 0 0 2 2 2
Miss Verne, 99 Nutt 2 2 11113
Spinnaker. 99 Kuhn 1 113 I 0
Peggy, 102 Agardl 3 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:29. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Ed Overlook 99, Hand D 102, Miriam G 99,
Astor 99, Lady Hamilton 99, Creedmoor 102
Naoma 102, Necklace 110 and Annie M 104 also
ran.
Sausallto odds— 2V, to 1, 4 to 1 and 8 to L
Track odds— s to 2, 3 to 1 and S to L
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Theory, 106 Thompson 2 2 H4 1
Prlmavera, 103 J. Hill 0 0 0 2
Maid of Promise, 106.Mathews I 1 8 3
Schanken, 106 Conley 3 3 0 0
Lela Murray, 98 Southard! 0 0 3 0
Time, 1:02%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Crinkle 106. Lecila 110, Custanio 98, Jessie
Jarboe 103. Fanny Taylor 106, Georgle 106 and
K "h;i Ma.oso 106 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5, 12 to 1 and 20 to 1.
Track odds— Even, 10 to 1 and 13 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, Cincinnati Hotel Autumn handi
cap, one and an eighth miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V . hi. %. lm. Fin.
What Next. 106..Mathewsl 0 3 1 1.1
J H C, 117.. ..Van Dusen 0 0 0 0 2
Sir Rolla, 96 Frost 0 0 J 0 0 S
Han d 1d 1 Or, 118 Conley 11112 2 0
Mlllstream. 104.. .. J. Hill 2 ,0. 0.0 .0
Senator Bland, 111). Taylor 3 0 0 0 0
Sauber, 102 Kuhn 0 , 2 3 3-3
Time, 1:54%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. •
I Great Bend 112, Performance 96, Yuba Dam
104 and Doncelle 98 also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 1, 10 to 1 and 8 to L
■ Track odds— to 1, 8 to 1 and 6 to 1.
v •Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, two-year-olds, six fur
longs. -■-.'■'•' •'■■■■•'•••'
J Name and Weight. Jockeys. :%. %. Btr. Fin.
•Air Blast, 108...... ...... Aker 213 2 1
•Batten, 108 ............. J. Hill 11 2 1 2
Volandles, 111 ...... T. Powers 0 0 0 3
Old Fox, 104 ........Thompson 3 1% 0 0
Eberhart, 100 . .Southard 0:0 3 0
.- Time,. 1:15%. Won driving. Second and third
driving. ■ ' •
Holland 108, El Mldo 102 and Maze 108 also
ran.
Sausalltoodd3— to 1, even and 4,"t0 V
Track ' odds— to 1, 4 to 5 and 4 to 1.
•Favorites. ..—. „ . ..'^.:_i".
Fifth- race, selling, seven furlongs. --, :t: t \ <
Name and Wt. Jockeys.] \i. M- %. Str.Fln.
•Tom Collins, 108.. J. Hill 2 2 1. 1 1%
Marlti. 99 .;.... Crowhurst 0 0 0' 0 2
Motilla, 104 Nutt 0 0 0 0 3
Sorrow, 102 ..;. Thompson 0 3 "3 3 10.'
Indra, 105 ...;.. G.Taylor 3 0 0 0 0
Mazeppa, 114 M. Dunn lh lh 2 20.
--.Time. --1:28%. Won driving.. Second and third
I driving. , ,
Fourth Ward 105 and Dorasle 102 also ran.
• Sausalito odds— Even, 8 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. U- '4- %• Str. Fin.
Miss Ross. 99 Frost 0 0 2 «1* 14
Lena Meyers, 99.. Tay10r 3 3 0 2 2
♦Barbee, 99 Crowhurst 0 0 • 0 ■0- 3
Flop. 105 Gleason 2 2 3 0 0
High Noon, 104 Kuhn 0 0 j 0 3 0
♦Cecil. 99 Southard 1110 0
*~Ttme. 1:29%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Samovar 103. Ideal Beau 102, Aberegate 102,
El Toro 105 and Frank Wagner 99 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 8 to 1 and 3 to L .
Track odds— 6 to 1, 7 to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorites.
m
REMINDS ONE OF CALIFORNIA
The Wins of George Lee, Montgom
ery and Sardonic.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— The racing at Hawthorne
this afternoon had a strong California flavor
about it, George Lee, Montgomery and Sar-
I donlc winning the first, second and third events
j on the day's card. Espionage got the verdict
i In the fourth, Teutons being disqualified :'or a
' foul. In the steeplechase there were seven
I horses, and every blessed one came to grief
j through taking a tumbl. Master Fred, the fa
vorite, recovered his equilibrium quickest and
won off by h!s lonely. Con Regan, a long shot,
won ail the way in the last race.
First race, purse, one mile.
~Name and Wt. Jockeys. \ %. V - %• Str. Fin.
George Lee, 100....H01den 0 0 0 211
Dulac, 103 A. Ward! 12 12 11 11 2
! 'Paul Griggs, 112. .Martin' 3 2 2% 3 3
Sec'd Chance, lCW.Goodwin 2 0 0 0 0
Mr. Easton, 100.. J. Ward 0 3 0 0 0
|C. Fisher, 100 Kane 0 0 3 0 0
Time, 1:52. Won cleverly. Second and third
! driving.
Free Lady 100, Banished 103 and Mistieton
; 10$ also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2V4 to 1, 40 to 1 and 4 to 5.
Track odds — a to 2, 100 to 1 and even.
♦Favorite.
i Second. race, selling, six furlongs.
j Name and Weight. Jockeys.) H- %• Str. Fin.
! •Montgomery, 106.. H. Martin 14 14 14 18
! Borden. 107 Cay wood 3 3 3 2
'■ Afamada, 102 ....Beauchamp 0 0 0 3
Marzelia, 93 Dupee 2 2 2 0
Time, I:ISVj. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Branch 99, Mary Kinzella S9, Bableca 102,
Farley 104, Ruskln 106 and Lord Zenl 107 aisj
ran.
Sausallto odds— S to 5, 6 to 1 and 6 to L
Track odds— 9 to 5, S to 1 and S to L
•Favorite.
Third race. Autumn handicap, one and a half
miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! V£- lm. I*4- Str.Fln.
Sardonic, 99 Dupee 3 3 111112
•Dare 11, 109 C. Sloan 2 2 3 2 2
Basquil, 112.... Hothersall 11112 3 3
•Forte, 102 H. Martin! 4 4 4 4 4
Time, 2:5054. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sauealito odds — 4 to 1, 2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track od<l»— 7 to 2, 3 to 1 and s to L
•Favorites. *
Fourth race, purse, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.^ %. >i. %. Str. Fin.
•Espionage, 112 ....Blossl 11 11 11 11 2
Judge WofTord, 100...Reiffj 2 2 2 2 3
H. Nutter, 10S..Beauch i pi 0 0 0 0 4
Teutons 103 W. Dean I 0 0 0 3 tl
Be True, 103 ..Hothersall; 3 3 8 0 0
tDlsquallfled for foul. Horses placed: Es
pionage first. Judge Wofford second, Harry
Nutter third.
Time, 1:51^. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Sau?alito odds— 2 to 5, 30 to 1 and 2V4 to L
Track odds— l to 3, 50 to 1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, Eteeplechase, full course.
•Master Fred. 151 (Hueston) 1
Marble. 151 (Ray) 2
Uncle Jim, 144 (De Soto) 3
Time, 4:51. Every horse In the race fell.
Bob Again 125, TeulaJa 123, Nobolis 120 and
Colonist 151 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 7 to 10, 4 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds — 4 to 5, 4 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockey*. j V - %■ Str.Fln.
Con Regan. 107 W. Deanl 1 1 13 1
Innuendo, 102 P. Jordan 0 0 0 2
•Amanda, 104 Rutter 0 2 2 3
Lucy Belle. 104 Beauehamp 2 0 3 0
Dousterswivel, 102 Dupee 3 0 0 0
Prestar. 102 Hothersall 0 a 0 0
Time, 1:21. Won easily. Second and tßrd
driving.
Joe Mancinl 107. Teutonna 104. Blanche 90.
Hothersall 102, Alvin W 104 and Sugar Cane
104 also ran.
Sausalito odd* — 10 to 1, 10 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— ls to 1, 20 to 1 and 4to L
•Favorite.
TURFITES ASTOUNDED BY
SLOAN'S PERFORMANCES
LONDON, October 15.— Tod Sloan's per
formances at Newmarket have astounded
turfites and have created consternation
among the bookmakers. The Daily Tele
graph says:
"There never was such a rage for a
jockey's mounts. Sloan is the hero of the
day and is a positive attraction at every
meeting 1 he patronizes. Already special
wires announce when Sloan does not ride,
which, we do not suppose, was ever sup
plied to any other jockey under similar
circumstances. We shall soon hear of a
bookmakers' protective association for the
purpose of preventing speculators backing
Sloan's mounts."
Dr. Darwin Mcllwraith and Mrs. Mc-
Ilwraith, the Chicago bicyclists, who re
cently completed a tour of the world,
covering 30,000 miles, embarked for home
to-day on board the steamer Pennland,
after' an absence of three and a half
years. They are both in the best of
health and spirits, and are apparently
none- the worse for the hardships which
they endured. The hardships included
Dr. Mcllwraith's amputation of his wife's
toes, which were frostbitten while cross
ing Persia. It is said that the entire cost
of their trip was 130,000. and it is claimed
that they rode throughout on the ma
chines which they had when they left
Chicago, and finally, it is asserted, they
had only used three sets of tires.
PACING RECORD FOR
YOUNGSTERS BROKEN
LEXINGTON, Ky., Oct. 13.— The sixth day
of the meeting of the Kentucky Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association was marked by small
fields and record-breaking performances on the
part of Major H. C. Rowell's two-year-old
pacing nily Ecstasy, who won the pacing di
vision of the Kentucky Futurity for foals of
IM»6, pacing the second heat under the guidance
of Charles Mar\-ln In 2:10^», reducing the race
mark for pacers of that age a second and a
half.
In the t h^at Ecstasy broke In the first
turn and fell back a hundred yards and seemed
to be out of It, but Matin Hells, who was far
in the lead, broke at the three-quarter^ an.l
Ecstasy came with a rush and took commanl,
winning handily from Bride Elect In 2:15%. the
fastest mile of the year from a two-year-old.
In the second heat Matin Belli lei I to the
half In 1:04%. lapped by Eostnsy, who carried
her to a break at the three-quarters, and, com
ing on, finished in 2:10 l ,», distancing Bride
Elect. Resultß:
Pacing. Futurity for foals of 1896. $1000—Eo«
tasy won in straight heats. Time, 2:15«4. 2:10%.
Matin Helln was second. Bride Elect was dis
tanced in the second heat.
The Ashland, for 2:11 clasn, trotting, purse
$4000— The Abbott won in straight heats. Time.
2:15,4, 2:OS. 1:08%. Cald, Eagle Flanagan, Bin
gen and Qeorgianna also started.
The Johnston, for 2:24 class, trotting, purse
$2000 — Timorah won second, third and fourth
heats. Tlni", 2:l2Vi. 2:13, 2:13. Turor Chimes
won first heat In 2:l4Vi. Alice Dormitn and
Barometer also started.
One linal Heat Decided.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 15.— Only one final heat
was run to-day in the bicycle races at
Athletic Park, and that was the haif-mlle
handicap. Dr. Brown winning in :57 3-5.
Six heats of the one mile open, flying
start, professional race, were run. The
final of this race and the finals of the
one-mile lap race, flying start, and the
multi-cycle race will be run off to-mor
row afternoon. Summary:
Half-mile handicap, professional, nnal
heat— Dr. A. I. Brown (35) won, Ben Mon
roe (40) second. Tom Cooper (scratch)
third. Time, :57 3-5.
The Game Was Stopped.
BURLINGAME, Oct. 15.— The A. A. L.
football same between Hoitt's and St.
Matthew's schools was stopped at the end
of the first half by Dr. Holtt on account
of the rough playing of the St. Matthew's
team. They availed themselves of all the
tricks known In the game and made It
rather a slogging match than anything
else. By withdrawing the Holtff) for
feited and the game was given to St.
Matthews. The score was 18 to 6.
Advances mad" on furniture and planoi. with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ROWING CONTESTS
ON LAKE BOHEMIA
Openingof Guerneville's
Regatta.
FIVE EVENTS ON THE WATER
PIONEERS VICTORIOUS IN THE
BARGE RACE.
Ochs Finishes First in the Senior
Skiff and Keenan Wins the
Dash, for Shells From
Phelan.
Bpeciat Dispatch to The Call.
GUERNEVILLE, Oct. 15.— The first
regatta ever held here took place to
day on Lake Bohemia, about three
miles from Guerneville. The course is
formed by damming the water of the
river into a lake about one and a quar
ter miles long and wide enough to ad
mit three barges rowing abreast. The
lake has on each side high banks
sloping to the water's edge for a con
siderable distance. The bushes on the
bank have been cut down to make
room for a grandstand and open-air
restaurant and other resorts for the
oarsmen and spectators.
oarsmen and spectators.
The opening event of the senior skiff
race brought out three contestants.
Dr. C. C. Dennis of the South Ends.
C. Ochs of the Pioneers, and Frank
Wilson of the Ariels. G. Ochs won
easily by three lengths, Dr. C. P. Den
nis was second and F. Wilson third.
The second event was a shell race,
there being two contestants,. Thomas
Keenan of the Dolphins and George W.
Phelan of the Ariels. After a close
race, in which Phelan was somewhat
obstructed by a launch, Keenan won
by half a length.
The third was a four-oared barge
race between the crews of the Pio
neers, Ariels and South Ends. Only
two of the South Ends having arrived,
two Dolphin men took their places. The
four men had never sat in a boat to
gether and did not even row the same
kind of a stroke, so victory was in
possible, but they started off at a good
lead and kept it up for some distance.
The Ariels passed them, but were grad
ually overhauled by the Pioneers, who
beat the Ariels by three lengths and
the South Ends by a considerably
greater distance. The Ariels rowed a
plucky race, but were handicapped by
a leaky boat.
The Pioneer barge crew was as fol
lows: H. Wilder, bow; F. O'Neil, No. 2;
G. Lawson, No. 3; E. House, cockswain.
The Ariel's racing crew included: H.
Wilson, bow; F. Wilson, No. 2; J. Mc-
Kcnna, No. 3; J. Wilson, stroke; Roy
West, cockswain.
The South End's crew: E. Shortall,
bow; F. Schwarting, No. 2; Victor Cag
lieri of the Dolphins, No. 3; P. J. Fitz
patrick (South Ends), stroke; E. Parb
man (Dolphins), cockswain.
The fourth event, a canoe race be
tween Victor Caglieri of the Dolphins
and P. Ochs of the Pioneers, was won
by Victor. The two canoers then
amused the spectators by trying to get
into the kyacks from the water. Time
after time they climbed into the frail
craft and rolled over into the water,
much to the delight of the spectators.
After an intermission of half an hour,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. __________;
CURE FOR MEN!|
Ji Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Has Restored 10,000
j. Men to Healthy, Robust Vigor in the Past Year. 4
&""■'■
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
•j. "Electricity is Life," says Dr. Sanden, and this wonderful Belt has proven by its thousands ♦£■
I* of cures that electricity restores wasted vigor, builds up broken-down men, and so wonderfully ♦£•
$ develops the physical energy that life grows full of pleasure, age loses its sting and the blood *£.
i circulates warmly and vigorously.  , ♦£>
\ READ THIS TESTIMONIAL FROM A GRATEFUL MAN. *
* . . LITTLE SHASTA, Cal. "^
v • DR. SANDEN: As I have been advising my friends to try your famous Belt,. I wish to tell you my experience. /*
7 it has cured me of a very. bad case of Varicocele,- as well as a very weak vital system. I was badly run down and 1 !^
\ had a large swelling on the left side. My strength was gradually leaving me; and I felt that I would die if I didn't &i
* get help. I was advised to .try your Belt, and I got one. It helped me at once, and in thirty days I was greatly im- "^
i proved. My friends remarked at my increase In weight. In two months the Varicocele was all gone and I was as /*
* strong as over. I have been all right since. It also cured my brother of sciatic rheumatism. Yours truly, __ "^
u C. H. GLASER. "»
f FREE BOOK FOR WEAK MEN. *
* A book that tells how the old vigor can be regained, how it has been regained by thousands of your fel-
*' low men. It is. called "Three Classes of Men," for young, middle-aged and old men who are not what they A
I should be at their age. It is full of joyous messages from men now strong. Get it and see what Dr. San- 2
ft den's Electric Belt has done for weak men. Call and examine this wonderful Belt and see how easily it is *5*
i regulated. When you see it and : understand it you will have it. Don't' be ignorant of a remedy which A
* may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay; act to-day. It costs lit-
4 tie, but is worth all that life is," for it makes life worth living. Call or address $£,
I DR. A. T. SANDEN; V&£^?^%m*~+ NOT in DRUGSTORES. f
f Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. 110 North our office. y traveling agents, only at j +J»
•. Main street. . ■ — — : , " j si
the fifth event came. It was the junior
skiff race, which was won by A. Webb
of the Alameda Rowing Club by three
lengths. James McKenna was second
and O. Riehl of Alameda third.
The afternoon's sport concluded with
a tug-of-war in boats between a team
of Ariels and South Ends and a team
of Pioneers and Alamedas.
The officials of the regatta were: Presi
dent of the day, W. P. Ferguson; mar
shal of the course, Dr. W. Cole; starter,
Emmet Hayden; referee, F. M. Pem
broke of the Alamedas; timers, H. A.
Cleff of the Ariels, J. R. Keenan of the
Dolphins and J. P. Sullivan of the Pio
neers; judges— E. Shea of the Pio
neers, A. Taylor of the Ariels, J. S.
Earls of the Dolphins, F. Schvvarting of
the Dolphins, P. Everett of the Tritons,
Dr. C. P. Dennis of the South Ends,
Arthur Inkersley of the University
Boat Club.
To-night a ball was given in this city.
NEWTON GIVES YALE
SOMETHING TO DO
NEWTON, Mass., Oct. 15.— 1n a short
but fierce game to-day Yale managed to
score once on Newton, principally
through an off-side play on the part of
Newton and one or two sharp rushes
by the Yale backs through Newton's
center. The visitors were utterly un
able to get within twenty-five yards of the
Newton goal line in the first half, while
the home team tore the Yale line apart
for frequent goals. After that Yale
braced up and the goal was never in dan
ger during the second half. Score — Yale
6, Newton 0.
ANNAPOLIS, Md.. Oct. 16.— While the
football game this afternoon between the
naval cadets and Princeton was one
sided in score it was not devoid of inter
est as the middies e-ot very close to a
touchdown on several occasions. Score —
Princeton 30, Navy 0.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 15.— University
of Pennsylvania 40, Lehigh 0. Crippled
by the absence of two regulars the Penn
sylvania boys simply toyed with the
Bethlehemites.
WEST POINT. N. Y. October 15.— The
West Point Cadets to-day put up a re
markably strong game, but Harvard won,
28 to 0. The game was stubbornly con
tested until near the close of the first
half. In the second half the same condi
tions prevailed as in the first half. West
Point lost considerably in punting, but
did splendidly in running.
ITHACA, N. V., Oct. 15.— The Univer
sity of Buffalo was defeated by Cornell
to-day— 27 to 0.
STANFORD TRYING OUT
ATHLETIC MATERIAL
STANFORD, Oct. 15.— An impromptu
field day was held here this afternoon.
The track was slow and no official time
was kept. There seemed to be a lack of
new material; yet this early in the year
it is impossible to form a correct ; esti
mate of the '02 class.
Of the new men Prall, Chadbourne and
Jones showed up the best. Prall comes
from lowa with a very creditable record
in the short distances. Chadbourne hails
from Pasadena, and, while lacking ex
perience, gives promise of becoming a
fast man in the sprints. Jones is a San
Jose lad, and came in a close second in
a half-mlie walk, Lowsley beating him.
Stewart, who was on a track last year
for the first time and who developed
rapidly the latter part of the season, won
the 100-yard dash, and will no doubt
make fast time before the season is over.
Stewart won the quarter in apparently
fast time. Chadbourne came in a close
second. The broad jump was won by
Simms — twenty-one feet. Boyd won the
high jump. He showed good form, and
will be a valuable man in this event. In
the mile Captain Smith and Norris came
in on a dead heat in rather slow time.
Makes a New Record.
SALINAS, Oct. 15.— The coast record
made by Abadee in the Young Men's
Christian Association gymnasium last j
Thursday in standing hop, step and jump i
was beaten this afternoon by Carlton i
Smith of the Salinas High School Athletic |
Club. Abadee's record was twenty-seven j
feet eleven inches. Smith covered twenty- !
eight feet three inches. The distance was j
carefully measured by several members of i
the Troop C Athletic Club. The record |
was made In the troop's gymnasium, and
would have been still better had the can
vas cover on the floor been stretched i
tight.
HEARST DEPOSED
BY THE TRUSTEES
No Longer Controls the
Two Newspapers.
WANTS A SILVER ORGAN
INTERESTED IN A NEW ENTER
PRISE AT CHICAGO.
Altgeld and Others Associated With
the Man Who Made a Failure
at San Francisco and
New York.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.- That this city
may have another great daily seems
now to be one of the probabilities. A
conference was held at ex-Governor's
Altgeld's office to-day, which was said
to have in view the establishment of a
free coinage silver newspaper in Chi
cago.
At the conference were "Coin" Har
vey, Mr. Altgeld, George Fred Williams
of Boston, Democratic candidate for
Governor of Massachusetts two years
ago, Willis J. Abbott and William R.
Hearst.
Mr. Hearst Is said to be no longer in
control of the New York Journal and
the San Francisco Examiner, the trus
tees of the Hearst estate having taken
them in charge, and he is reported to be
anxious to get control of a newspaper
in Chicago. Whether they will purchase
a plant or establish a new one was said
to be one of the objects of to-day's
conference.
Since the close of the Presidential
campaign Mr. Altgeld is reported to
have been desirous of having control of
a silver organ in Chicago. Two years
ago Mr. Hearst was asked to estabhsn
such a journal and make Mr. Altgeld
editor in chief. It is said negotiations
along this line were nearing conclusion
when Mr. Altgeld's health broke down
and he was compelled to give up h\s
ambition to direct the destiny of a sil
ver organ.
Since his restoration to health the
talk of a silver paper for Chicago has
been renewed, and Mr. Hearst and Mr.
Abbott have been in Chicago several
days looking over the ground.
Mr Williams is said to be interested
financially in the enterprise. Eastern
capital is to be interested by him. Mr.
Harvey will be closely connected with
the management of the organ. It 13
said he will represent Mr. Altgeld in
the active management of the paper,
as the Ac-Governor does not desire to
do more than outline its policy.
Mr. Abbott until a few weeks ago
was editor-in-chief of the New York
Journal. Before going to New York
he was the first managing editor of
the old Chicago Times, now merged in
the Times-Herald, then controlled by
the present Mayor Carter H. Harrison.
At one time he was editor of the Kan
sas City Times, and taken all together
has had a variety of newspaper ex
periences.
Mr. Hearst to-day would neither
affirm nor deny the statement that he
had been deposed from the control of
the newspaper properties with which
his name has hitherto been associated.ELOPEMENT OF
A SHOE CLERK
FRUSTRATED
He Was Enamored of
Another's Wife.
TRACKED BY DETECTIVES
WERE LOCATED IN A TENDER
LOIN LODGING-HOUSE.
The Faithless Wife Returns to Her
Husband and the Shoe Clerk
Leaves for Parts
Unknown.
What would have probably been an
. ■'. La frustrated by
-land night before last.
Oakland furnished a
iiance of Mrs.
Otto : " one of the proprie
n in that city.
It seems, to suspect
ung clerk in Xolan'3
shoe store in Oakland, and a search by
In his employ fully verified his
The. guilty couple were located on Fri
day at the Oxford, a rooming house at
271 O'Farrell street, and what happened
as a result of the discovery is best told
In the words of Miss Dulton. the Oxford
landlady:
"They came here," she said, "last Mon
day, and had a room on this floor. I did
not know who they were, as l have no
register. 1 found but who Barclay was
yesterday from the detectives who came
here in search of him.
"Mr: Large and Barclay were going
to the tlieatt-r last night, and went out
together eariy in the evening, as she
•wanted to have her hair dressed. They
were met, it seems, on the street, by the
husband, brother, sister and brother's
■wife, and they all came back here to
gether— six of them. There was some
iuud talk in their room, but no row.
They all left together at about half-past
S o'clock. ' At about 9 o'clock Barclay
returned to the room, packed up all
their thing?, both his and her?, and took
them off with him in a coupe. There were
four pieces of baggage — a hand satchel;
a valise, a telescope and a big trunk.
He said that she was going to meet him
at the Oakland mole. Mrs. Lange came
here to-day with her sister, her sister's
husband and another young- man. to rind
all her things gone. 1 am sorry she did
not know that Barclay was at the Pal
ace to-day, because if she had she might
have got her things. She had some very
nice things."
Miss Dalton describes Barclay as being
extremely youthful in appearance, a mere
boy i:i fact, and puts the ages of Mr.
and Mrs. Lange at about 28 and 25 respec
tively.
that Barclay passed
■ -
■>ur 3
: parts un-
. : - Otto Lange,
- i. re
., this city this
I . idwaj
the same
retui
FOOD AND CLIMATE.
i haps,
■
aiions exist on
. c a sma.il
i d only is con
i and th ■ ■:. the
rthern latitudes, lit
.- s animal food lye ut
■.n die*, if pro
curable, would not sustain life in those
For climate is an important
r in relation to food. Man, wher
he exists, has to maintain his bodjr
at a ure of ut least
Fahrenheit, and it is obvious
. pence must ex
: the individual
who "luator with all sur
tnper-
8, and th.
inhabits northern latitudes
uously below the
b, often to the
- rees. In each case
: the body must be
ir a little
: ;an will cease to exist.
In the large and populous zone we >
inhabit, which forms so extensive a i
portion of Europe, Asia, South Africa, j
America and Australasia ana is known !
as "the temperate zone," there are very i
few persoi.s indeed who can sustain
their health and a fair amount of '
strength for many years on a strictly j
vegetable diet. I have met with a few, j
but a very few, individuals who have '
been able to assure me that they have ;
long enjoyed continuous good health i
and strength upon a diet of bread, !
made solely from flour or meal of any
kind and water, the best green vegeta- j
bles, roots and fruits, avoiding all milk,
butter, cheese and eggs. Hence it is
only possible to regard man considered j
as an inhabitant of the world at large
and manifesting as he does a strong
and increasing impulse to explore and
colonize in any part of the globe — as
r v. naturally omnivorous; in other
words, possessed of a constitution
which requires a mixed diet of animal
and vegetable foods for his well-being,
In relative proportions varying accord
ing to temperature and activity of life. \
— Sir Henry Thompson in the Nine- !
teenth Century.
Experience shows that imprisonment
Is much more severe on women than
men. so that equality of sentence does
not necessarily mean equality of pun
ishment. ■ ■•■ • r.
GKAPE-NUTS.
* *.
* "Grateful to %>
J* the Palate." J
JSt. Say* a Fancy A
J: Grocer, ,
& of Grape=Nuts. 4
<& The famous food. *§►
% *
A SECOND DISH
Showed the Value of Condensed
Food.
"It is a. lelicloua novelty and very
grateful to the palate. I found, about
midway in my second dish, that I had
sufficient for a meal and realized for
the first time thut I v.as eating a con-
densed food that supplies one's wants
with a ff tula and does not re-
quire anything like the volume to
furni=h the amount of food r--<iuired,
. as when any of th-: ordinary forms of
cereals are served. Grape-Xuts arc
an elegant food and the Posuum Cereal
Co., Lim., are to be congratulated
upon the discovery," said a well-known
fancy grocer of Grand Rapids.
IMPROVEMENTS
AT INGLESIDE
RACETRACK
Nearing the Winter
Opening.
MANY HORSES IN TRAINING
PORTER ASHES COLORS TO BE
SEEN HERE ONCE MORE.
Duke & Wishard to Race a Strong
String This Winter— Sam Hil
dreth, Pat Dunne "and
Others Coming.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club is mak r
ing great preparations for its coming
meetings, and has a number of workmen
engaged in building a balcony overlook
ing the betting ring. This balcony is be
ing erected somewhat one the style of the
one at the Oakland track, and is certain
ly an improvement, as it will enable the
ladies to see the prices chalked up by the
bookmakers, and also lessen the chances
of the pool boys giving shorter prices, as
they sometimes do.
The Infield is covered with green grass
and there has been quite a number of
small mted, so taking all in all
track should present a
gala . ■ on the opening day, No
vember 14.
Besides the large number of horses
at Emeryville, there are over
a hundred at lngleside, and the track
by the a'-mi: la daily the seat of a great
deal ■ . nt Ed Corrigan, Hughey
Jones, Mat Storn, J. Galen Brown, Bar
ney Sehreiber, Dan Honig and Porter
have the. largest stables.
Porter Ashe was well known to race
track habitues as the owner of Geraldine,
Triboulet, Alta and other famous race
horses several years ago. He has not
raced very extensively during the last
few years, but intends to cut quite a
figure In the races this winter. In his
string is the celebrated handicap horse,
Ruinart, well known to racegoers as the
winner of the Burns handicap last year.
Ruinart has been doing stud duty a. Kui
nart stock farm, he having been mated
to fourteen matrons, among them the
good race mare. Imported France, Don
l-'ulano. Colonial Dame. Balliaier and
three others make up the string of Ashe
and are being trained by Fred Muckel.
Ed Corrigan has eleven head in charge
of Henry Gerhardy. In his string are
Won't Dance (who ran second in Burns
handicap last spring), Reddington, Indio.
Junius (a six-year-old and the winner of
the first stake over the Ingleside track),
Moylan, Adolph Spreckels, G. B. Morris,
Winifred, an unnamed full brother to
Olive and two two-year-olds. '
Hughey Jones has fifteen trained by
C. F. Sanders. In his string are such
well-known performers as « ura. Judge
Stuftiett, Gratify, Btentor, Charley Reiff,
Truxillo, Habana and two two-year
olds by Morello, four same age by
Imported Piccolo, one by Tattler and a
yearling by Hanover. Jones has four
racing at Los Angeles that will be up
here next week, namely. Headwater, Pat
Murphy. Promplo and Symle.
Mat Storn has Horatio, Morrellito, Mo
rinel. Dertant, Mercutio, Morocco (a full
brother to Mortnel), and a two-year-old
by Morello out of Mystery.
J. Galen Brown has Libertine, OHnthus,
Durward, a two-yeur-uld and four year
lings.
l>ick Williams is tr^aing twelve head
for Barney Schrieber, namely, Sweet Wil
liam, Dr, Bernays, Imperious, Aluminum,
Jerry Hunt. Ulm, Geisha, Hunch and four
green ones. Schrelber has eight in Chi
cago that will be here before the meet
ing starts, the best ones being Miss Ma
rion. Dr. Marks, Schiller, Greyhurst,
Mcx h, Good Hope (a full sister to Lottie
Mills), and Genoa.
George Webb is training Zamar 11, Ed
Gartland 11, Oraibee, Umbrella, Zara_sa
and three others for Dan Honig.
Percy Hildreth. brother to Sam Hll
dreth, has Lincoln II and Anchor.
Joe Stern has Prince Tyrant, Coleman
and a two-year-old by Islington.
In Louis Ezell's string are Kamsin,
Personne, Yorick, Octuruck, Reno, Don't
Tell, Leo Vertner and several other un
named ones.
J. A. Grey, the man who took Hermoso
and others to Chicago this summer, ar
rived in town a few days ago and reports
everything as thriving in racing circles
around the "Windy City." He says that
from the outlook when he left Chicago
quite a number of new owners will jour
ney to the Golden State this winter. Per
haps the most prominent of the owners
whose faces are strange to California are
Uuke & Wishard. This firm is well known
to turf followers as the men who raced
with such success in England. They took
Hamapo, Helen Nichols, Hugh Penny and
other celebrated American horses across
the water a couple of years ago, and,
though they did not create the anticipat
ed splurge, they managed to pay expenses
and dispose of their horses for good
prices to the Britishers. They will, in all
probability, ship a carload of their best
ones here this winter, among which num
ber are Hugh Penny, a winner on Eng
lish tracks; Mary Black, Doremus and
other crackerjacks. Mary Black is on.-
of the fastest sprinters racing In -the
Middle West, and is equally good In the
mud or on a dry track. Doremus is a
high-class selling-plater, and handles
weight well and runs all distances.
Johnnie Rein*, whom the Chicago news
papers have given the sobriquet of the
"Midget Jockey," will come out with
Duke & Wishard. According to reports
and newspaper criticisms this boy is one
of the greatest riders seen in many a
day. He Is scarcely 14 years old and rides
at less than sixty pounds. Many predict
th,at he is a second Sloan, but one thing: Is
sure— he is the most popular jockey rid
ing in the Middle West.
Dr. Kyle, whose colors have never ap
peared on a California track, will prob
ably ship five or six to California this
winter.
Pat Dunne will ship a carload of new
ones here In a week or two. In his string
are the cracks Pink Coat, Dave Tenny
and others. The first named will be re
membered as the winner of the Ameri
can Derby at Washington Park this sum
mer, it being worth nearly $15,000. Dave
Tenny ran a mile and a quarter in 2:04 I ,i,
and will be a contender in some of the
largo stakes this winter.
About the same bookmakers that were
here last year will cut in this winter.
George Rose has the field book privilege
He also had the same privilege at the
Chicago tracks this summer, it is re
ported that Rose is quite a winner on the
season.
Sam Hildreth will probably have the
most formidable stable here this winter
for he is gathering together one of the
finest strings that ever left New York
He has been the most successful trainer
that has crossed the Rockies in many a
day, and his horses are winning races
with wonderful consistency on the Board
of- Control tracks.
Harry Kahlmann, well known to local
turfites as the one-legged plunger, has
had a very successful year in the East,
and has purchased eight horses, the most
prominent of which Is Miss Tenny, by
the renowned Swayback Tenny. Kahl
mann's colors will be seen for the first
time In California this winter.
CURIOSITIES OF THE CALENDAR
There are some curious facts that
have lately been noted about the cal*
endar. No century can begin on Wed
nesday, Friday or Sunday. The same
calendars can be used every twenty
years. October always begins on the
same day of the week as January;
April as July; March and November
begin on the same days. May, June
and August always begin on different
days from each other, and every month
in the year. The first and the last
days of the year are always the same.
These rules do not apply to leap year,
when comparison Is between days be
fore and after February 29. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
THE AMERICAN BARK HOLLISWOOD.
<!> HE has been a trouble and loss to her owners ever since she went Into <$•
<$> V commission in 1883. There is a defect somewhere, and every time she Is <!>
<8> O loaded above the twenty-foot mark she begins to leak fast. Every at- <$>
<g> tempt to discover the leak has failed, and in consequence the vessel <»
<?> cannot be loaded to her full carrying capacity. The Holliswood Is a very <?>
<»> handsome craft and a splendid sea boat. <>
<S> ♦
<S> <§><£'3 ><s ><S><B><3><s >'« >
HARD LUCK
TILES FROM
OLD OCEAN
Escaped the Ice to Go
on a Sandbar.
CLOSE CALL FOR THE JEANIE
STEAMER SOUTH PORTLAND
RUNS INTO A WHARF.
A Leak on the American Bark Hollis
wood That Has Caused Trouble
and Loss for Over
Pive Years.
The Pacific Stpam "Whaling: Company's
tender Jeanle arrived in port yesterday
ifter a most eventful voyage. Since leav
ing here on July 1, 1897, she has been
caught in the ice and compelled to re
main all winter In the Arctic, while, after
escaping that danger, she was nearly
wrecked in McLeod's Bay, Alaska. The
crew, as a whole, are Jubilant. They
have frot over their hardships in the
frozen north and are now basking in the
expectation of payday. Every man aboard
has over fifteen months' salary coming to
him. and many a Jackie among them will
receive more money than he ever handled
at one time in his life. The least any one
of them will receive will be $500, po there
will be lively times on the front when that
vessel is paid off.
The Jeanie left here with supplies for
the whalers that were to winter off the
mouth of the Mackeryie River. She also
took up about sixty men, who were to
supply the places of the sailors coming
home. The supplies were delivered, the
men transferred, and the tender was on
her way back to San Francisco when she
was caught In the ice off Point Barrow.
Every effort was made to get out of the
pack, but It failed, and the Jpanie had
to remain In the Ice for nearly a year.
When the ico broke up she had a parrow
escape of being crushed to pieces, but
finally got clear and steamed away for
the canneries.
Captain Mason's report of her next
trouble Is as follows: "On September 22
at 5 p.-m. while going: into McLeod's Bay
(west Bide of Montague Island) the
steamer went ashore, fone got on a sand
bar and hung there. The tide was fall
ing and as it left the vessel she strained
badly. She hung In the centor, and, BO
far as I could Bee, all the scarps and
butts were started by the strain. The
engine and boner settled aft, the smoke
stack broke and the steamer was badly
hogged. We lay in that position for
twenty-four houis and then we got her
oft. On trying the pumps I found the
steamer was not making any mure water
than usual, so we took on board 16,000
cases of salmon for Ban Francisco.
"After getting off the Band bar and Into
a safe anchorage the Jeanlu rode out one
of the heaviest storms I have ever beer
in."
The Jeanie has gone to the Arctic Oil
Works to discharge, and will then go on
the drydock for an overhauling.
Captain Seeley of the steamer South
Portland is playing In hard luck. About
a week ago he was fined $200 for not an
swtrlng the signal of the revenue cutter
Rush, and now he has run his vessel into
the wharf at Tacoma. The vesse! left here
on the 10th inst., and only reached Ta
coma to-day. While docking she struck
the wharf with such force as to wreck
it. Her own partitions and bulkheads
were broken, and a plate on the star
board bow was so bent that it will have
to be replaced. It will cost $1000 to re
pair the wharf and $5000 to repair the
steamer. The South Portland came out
here from the Kaet to go into the Klon
dike trade, but when the bottom fell out
of the boom she was turned into a freight
boat, and has been carrying wheat from
Tacoma to San Francisco for a month
past.
The steamer Aztec arrived from the
Orient yesterday, after a long passage.
She was to have come here from Japan
direct, but on her arrival at Yokohama
there were 719 contract Japanese laborers
bound for the cane fields of Hawaii await
ing her. These she took aboard and
landed at Honolulu. The United States
cruiser Baltimore got Into Hongkong from
Manila as the Aztec was leaving. She
was to take the place of the Boston on the
drydock, the latter vessel being ready to
start for the Philippines.
Commodore Kautz is now in command
of the Pacific Coast station. Yesterday
Rear Admiral Miller's flap was hauled
down from the cruiser Philadelphia and
the commodore's run up. The customary
salutes were given during the ceremony.
The British ship Wayfarer, now laid
up at Sausalito, is a good example of the
fluctuations in the wheat market. When
she arrived here last May her owners re
fused a 35 shilling charter. Now they
cannot pet better than 25 shillings, and
the vessel will r<m;iin tied up at Sausa
lito until wheat takes another jump.
The American bark Holiiswood made a
long passage of eighty-one days from
Newcastle, N. B. W. Although an 1100-ton
i she only brought 1423 tons of coal
over in h^r hold. When loaded over the
twenty-foot mark she leaks at a great
rate and the pumps can barely keep her
clear She was built in 1593, and has car
ried that defect with her since she went
into commission. Bvery time she goes on
the drydook a search Is made for the
leak, but it cannot be found, and prob
ably never will be. During the run from
Australia the Holiiswood was in light and
baffling winds for eleven days, and for
nin.- more was in a dead calm.
Tl c Mail steamer Aztec brought from
Hongkong a very valuable cargo of silks
and teas and from Japan $250,000 in gold
and half a million In silver yen.
GREAT BASEBALL GAME.
Nines From the Dry Goods Men's
Association "Will Run Bases
at the Veledrome.
M.mbers of the Dry Goods Men's As
sociation will meet on the baseball field
at the Velodrome on the afternoon of Oc
30. What will most assuredly be a
hot game of baseball between crack nines
from the association should crowd the
park with not only dry goods people but
all sportsmen who can appreciate the na
tional game when It is played as dry
goods men can play. The gentlemen in
charge of the arrangements state positive
ly that only the star players of the as
sociation will appear on this occasion. The
committee is composed of the following
energetic dry goods men: W. Friedman.
City of Paris; F. Owles, T. F. Quinlan,
Kohlberg. Strauss & Frohman; H. Fisher,
Levi Strauss & Co.; E. M. Wolff. O'Con
nor, Moffatt & Co.; J. A. Adams, Hale
Bros.; J. Dunn, Sachs 3ros. , J. Bowman,
D. Samuels Lace House Company; E.
Todd Emporium; K. J. Dervan. C. Cur
tin: <;<?rald O'Brien. G. A. Brown, J. J.
O'Brien & Co.; D. Eifler, White House;
E. J. MoGrath, Newman St Levinson; H.
L. Dewey. Murphy. Grant & Co.; A.
Kosenbaum, Livingston Bros.; H. S. Hooe,
11.I 1 . McLeod & Co.; George James, Din
kelspiel & Co.
The Hebrew Orphan Asylum Band have
kindly volunteered their services for this
occasion.
JUDGE KERRIGAN IS
WATCHED BY FRIENDS
WHEELMEN MAKE HIM A BEAU
TIFUL PRESENTATION.
A Diamond-Studded Watch Fob From
the Members of the Bay-
City Club.
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan was present
ed -with a beautiful souvenir by the mem
bers of the Bay City Wheelmen last even
ing, in recognition of his four years' faith
ful service to the club as president.
The token is a watch fob, studded with
diamonds, in the form of a Maltese Cross,
ihe emblem of the club. On the revers-3
side these words are inscribed:
"Presented to F. H. Kerrigan by the
members of the Bay City Wheelmen, Oc
tober la, 1&98."
Last night was an occasion of much
jollity at the clubhouse on Golden Gate
avenue near Polk street, and about luO
members and as many more of their
friends assembled to enjoy the first
•smoker" given by the new board of di
rectors.
Rumors had been rife for several days
past that preparations were being made
for a "hot time," and in this respect the
members were not disappointed, as tho
entertainment was above the average.
The amusement commenced early, Pres
ident Fahrbach presenting In turn tho fol
lowing well-known entertainers, who were
warmly received. Frank Thompson, Ben
Tarbox. Gus Creamer. Flelssner's orches
tra. Will Finnic, Jack Cathcart. Kelly and
Marlowe, Jack Cooney. "Bob" Mitchell,
Jack O'Brien and several others who
came late.
The presentation to Judge Kerrigan
came in the middle of the evening when
the festivities were at their height. Dan
O'Callaghan called the Judge to the front
on a slight pretext, and held him there.
while in a few well-chosen words he told
him and the assembled guests that the
club, deeply appreciating the Judge's
valuable services during the past four
years of his presidency, proffered him a
small token of the members' esteem and
good will.
Judge Kerrigan's surprise and feelings
may well be imagined and Jt took him
some moments to frame a reply, thank
ing the members for their thoughtfulness
and generosity.
The meeting broke up at a late hour
with cheers for Judge Kerrigan and his
candidacy for Justice of the Peace.
■ ♦ ■ .
YOTJNCr MEN WILL WHEEL.
A Relay Race in Alameda Between
the Rough Riders and Olympic
Juniors.
A relay race between the Bay City 'Wheel
men's Rough Riders and the Olympic Juniors
will take place to-morrow at 10 a. m. on High,
street, Alameda. The teams are composed of
the following riders:
Rough Riders. Olympic Juniors
C. Rueser, F. Carroll,
L. Livingston, L. J. Hammersmith,
Ed jlcNwi, A. Hammer,
W. Pedlar, W. Rusher,
A. Davidson. O. E. Bozlo.
DOGS COURSE
THREE MILES
AFTER A HARE
Interesting Sport at
Union Park.
THE HOUNDS HAD TO QUIT
EMIN PASHA AND SIR JOHN
ABNOi PUMPED OUT. -
Victor King Gave Hadiwist a Close
Bun, but the Old Dog Fav
ored by che Hare
Won.
Sir John Amot and Emln Pasha will
feel for some time the effects of a course
they had yesterday at Union Park. The
hare, which was one of Merced's hound
killers, ran the dogs up and down the
field opposite the slipping ground until
Sir John reluctantly dropped his head and
leaned against the fence to support his
exhausted anatomy. His opponent Emm
Pasha continued after his game, passing
the grand stand in a lope. Emm's hand
ler followed, and not being sufficiently
epry of limb to overtake the dog, three
or four fresh hounds were cast off and
the game little hare was soon dispatched.
Emm scored several points before Sir
John got in, but the white dog rapidly
closed the gap and was having a good
lead in points at the time he was struck
with that tired feeling which frequently
occurs to dogs when they are "exercised"
on the plains of Merced.
The first course of the day was a com
plete surprise to the players of the' long
end. Quiver sold at $1 as against $8 on
Gilt Edge, but the last-named "flyer" quit
running after having scored the first turn
to a long lead up to game. Quiver, then
got in and held first place to the finish.
Hot Stuff defeated the favorite Montana
In a rather short course. One of the pret
tiest courses of the day was between
White Tip and Seldom. To a good hare
the dogs were carried the full length of
the field, White Tip winning with not
many points to spare. Lively betting re-
BUlted when Hadtwist and that grand
young dog, Victor King, were called to
the slips. Several dollars changed hands
at even money, but the old dog, favored by
the hare, proved too much for his young
opponent, although the King remained
right by his side up to the time the kill
was effected.
Ace of Clubs (late Blackstone) defeated
Vigilant, a prime favorite, and Crusader,
after a no course, won the flag of suc
cess from Minneapolis. Minneapolis was
a strong favorite at $6 to $1 and In the
final course she also was played well at
odds of $2*4 and $3 to $1, but she never
scored, as the hare was a poor performer,
and Crusader, who led to game, scored
the first turn and kill.
Ida beat Green Valley Maid, a $3 to $1
shot, and Bendigo, after a no course, eas
ily disposed of Winged Foot.
In the final course of the rundown Chile
Pepper, selling at $1 against So. scored a
no course with White Lily. In the runoff
the last named dog won in a very pretty
course, just as darkness was setting in.
The winners and losers are as follows:
Reserve stake, 64 entries, the rundown-
Quiver beat Gilt Edge; Benfialons beat White
Wedge; Santa Alicia beat Jeuet; Hot Stuff beat
Montana! Sky Queen beat Hercules: Jennie
Wilson beat Van dole; Lissak beat Martyr:
Seldom beat White Tip; Promise Me beat Way
farer: Mercury beat Beauty; Arrow beat Hat
tie: Hadiwist beat Victor King; Peaceful Glen
beat Carmen; Sir John Arnot beat Emln Pasha:
Prince Hal beat Mission Boy; Douglas beat
Van Knapp; Glenstone beat Miller's Maid:
Snapshot beat Left Bower; Ace ox Clubs beat
Vigilant; Little Delight beat Sandow; Log
Boy beat Lanky Bob; Crusader beat Minne
apolis: Irrr.n. beat Robin Adalr; Highland Ball
beat Alameda; Tod Sloan beat Llghtfoot; Ida
beat Green Valley Maid: Bonlta beat Breach of
Promise; Sharkey beat Victor; Morning Glory
beat Tic-Tac; Bendijjo beat Winged Foot; Black
Patti beat Faultless Beauty; White Lily beat
Chile Pepper.
Curtis & Sons lost by dlßtemper on
Friday their promising puppy, Lygla.
There, will be great speculation un the
winner Vjf to-day's champion stake. Rock
Island Boy, if In good form, should givo
False Flatterer a hard run. Mountain
Beauty will doubtless dispose of Wait a
Uttle. To a good hare— but it must be a
food one — Firm Friend should take a flag
rum Theron, and Right Bower, if he Is
not euchred by too much elixir of life,
should dispose of Royal Prize.
MARY X DEFEATED CONLEY.
The Game Little Hound Was In Fast
Company at Ingleside Yesterday
at Good Long Odds.
The lovers of coursing were treated
to a great day's sport at Ingleside Park
yesterday. There were some sensational
and extended competitions, among them
being a course between Mary X and L.
S. Conley, which resulted in a victory for
the former b;. the good score of 33 to 15.
The dogs ran four minutes and twenty
five seconds, when both auit from ex
treme exhaustion. The game little hare,
though greatly distressed, ran to the es
cape and will no doubt give some other
ambitious hounds a run shortly.
Silkwood and Philippine also made
things interesting for over three minutes,
but Silkwood killed In front of the grand
stand and won by a score of 36 to 24.
Counterfeit and Van Kirk ran a gruelling
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The treatment at
The Keeley Insti-
tute is private,
pleasant and safe,
no restraint, no
pain, no sick bed.
You just keep
feeling better and
better day by day.
It's a good way to
spend a vacation.
Send for printed matter that tells
all about it
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES.
1170 Market Street, San Francisco^
Donohoe Building
232 North Main Street. Los Angeles.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
■ Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Bore Muscles, Cramps. Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, ' Headache,- Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia. Lumbago, Internally, for all Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness. Nausea, etc. All drug-
ffistg. ■-. , " . ...;. ' ;:; : V ]_ _ \
course, which was won by the former
fleet hound by the one-sided score of 52
to 13. Counterfeit showed the foot over
his company all the way, but the betting
public made Van Kirk favorite at odds
of 5 to 3. The day commenced and pro
gressed as the favorites' day, but after
about twenty courses the good things
went wrong and shortenders at good long
odds began to win in rapid succession.
Among the shortenders that won yester
day were Decorator, at 2 to 1; Miss Griz
zle, 3 to 1: Maid of Bail, 2 to I: Atlantic
Boy. 6 to 1; Mary X, 5 to 1; Nelly B, 5 to
4; Rosebud, 2 to 1: Marietta, 5 to 3;
Petronius, 3 to 1; Jimmy Cork, 2 to 1;
Counterfeit, 5 to 3, and Emerald 2 to 1.
Thad Stevens ran splendidly yesterday,
and made a drive and kill that showed
he was eager and ready for, to-day's hard
work, and will undoubtedly give his com
pany a run before he is defeated. Coun
terfeit also would make things interest
ing for the stake, but his long run of
yesterday will spoil his future chances.
The run down resulted as follows:
O. H. Hoag Jr.'s Decorator beat Handy &
Smith's Dauntless; P. J. G. Kenna'sMira Monte
beat Pembroke Kennel's Joy Hells; Lowe &
Thompson's Phoebe beat James Byrnes' Clip
per; T. I. Logan's Miss Grlzzrt beat OConnell
Bros." Senorlta; Captain Clarkson's Conqueror
beat Dillon & Reilly's Getaway; H. R. Bald
win's Forgive beat R. Jullen's Sweet Music;
J. Maggine's Beau Peep beat Eclipse Kennel's
Killarney Lass; Eclipse Kennels Masterpiece
beat T. A. Gibson's Fairy D; A. Van Den
Burgh's American Eagle beat Russell & Wil
son's Glenrosa; Lowe & Thompson 1 s High Born
Lady beat J. Murnanes Miss Dividend; Pem
broke Kennel's Magic beat E. C. CasUedon s
Valley Maid; M. Allen's Miss Alice beat W.
Nllan's Galway Lass; D. Ford's Hayseed beat
J. W. Perry's Gunshot; J. O'Dowd's Mission
Tip beat W. Sweeney's Nancy Lee; J. Dlxon's
Black Bess beat G. Lahusens May W: S. E.
Portal's T _aurelwood II beat J. Farley's Mystic;
F. Moran's Bit of Fashion beat P. J. G. Ken
na's Fear Not: P. J. G. Kenna' s Royal Buck
beat C. O. Holzhauer's Dora; W. Shields' Clif
fette beat A. A. Duncan's Royal Chief; T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Ball beat H. R. Baldwin's
Forget; Henry Spring's Master Jack beat A.
Frank's Telephone Girl; J. Foley's Atlantic
Boy beat H. McFdl's Revenge; Penelope Ken
nel's Las Palmas beat Eclipse Kennel's
Trilby; P. J. G. Kenna's Flyaway beat R.
Julien's Signal; P. J. G. Kenna's Skyball
beat White Earth Kennel's Dakota; J. Mur
ray's Mary X beat S. Hansen's L. S. Conley;
J. Quane's Thad Stevens beat J. Dean's Scout:
T. McNeil's Sportsman beat T. J. Cronin's
Rosle B; Henry Spring's Pat Malloy beat A.
Newman's Count of Monte Cristo; J. Byrnes'
Nelly B beat Dillon & Retlly's Revolver; P. J.
G. Kenna's O'Grady beat P. Gaffney's Lor
raine: T. F. McCarthy's Rosebud beat Lowe
& Thompson's Prince of Fashion; G. Smart' a
Sllkwood beat R. W. Blake's Philippine; Deck
elman & Panario's Roy b<-at T. Lynch' 8 AJax:
J. Murnane'p Wolf Tone beat J. Strand's Lady
Peach; J. Quane's Marietta beat Gibson &
Moore's Monitor; M. Delano's Elco beat C. Sul
livan's Parnell; T. Sullivan's Maid of Hill beat
W. Badger's Minnie B: \V. Perry's Campania
beat A. Massey's Persimmons: Pembroke Ken
nel's Petronius beat T. J. Cronin's Rose of
Tralee: C. Strehl's Jimmy Cork beat W. Dal
ton's Decency; P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit beat
F. Moran's Van Kirk; Larkey & Rock' 3 Emer
ADVEBTISEMENTSL
____ ' ' "
The inly Hope Fer Weak Men
Debilitated men can never be restored to permanent strength
except by a thorough and proper constitutional treatment. This j
cannot be done by mechanical or other temporary stimulants.
The latter only leave the unfortunate victims, after a few days,
weeks or months, in a condition which is almost hopeless.
In restoring weak, nervous, despondent and incompetent
men to true and lasting manhood, Dr. Meyers & Co., by the
use of the most effective yet harmless remedies and methods,
gradually tone up the entire system. Thousands attest to this.
DR. MEYERS & CO. do not treat symptoms. They go
direct to the root of the ailment and CURE the disease.
Sufferers should beware of stimulating appliances of any
nature. They are advertised to cure nerve troubles when in
reality they are nerve destroyers, veritable man killers j
and wreckers of human life, made to sell, not to cure, j
/, V^ 3H?v .■. ■ _^*&~^^- I
Deposit the Price of a Cure in any Bank
Da. Meyers & Co. have such confidence in their successful remedies and methods that
they will let the patient deposit the price of a cure in any bank or with any business house
or newspaper in San Francisco, to be paid to them only when a cure is effected.
Nervous Debility, Its attendant Dangers and Embarrass- :
ments, and all Contracted Ailments, including Contagious
Blood Poison, Scrofula, etc., are included In this offer.
TREE COXSVLTATIOX AXD BOOK TOR MEX, at office or by mail.
All Dealing and Correspondence with Patients Sacredly Confidential.
JVb Printing on Envelopes or Packages to show who sent them. ,
Dr. Meyers & Co.
731 Market Street, San Francisco.
_._.._ _,_.,-—.-»« Hours— to 12— I to 5 Dally. /-
TAKE ELEVATOR. \ Evenings, 7to 8. Sundays, 9to 0.
. T i
A salesman who travels for a Bridgeport, Conn., factory reports
that he has always been , subject to colds caught from exposure ia
drafty places. "I used to muffle myself up no end," he says, '.' and yet
my head and throat were continually stuffed up and I was hoarse as a
crow. I was watting at Plainneid Junction for a train one day and
wet a man who gave me a
Ripans Tabule
and said he guessed that would cure cold, and it did. Since then,*
he says, "I always keep the TABULES by me and take one at torn ;>
first sneeze. If Ido this the cold seldoms get any farther."
aid beat London & McCullougn's Magneto; J.
Reddy's Berneice beat T. Gibson's Gripman.
GILT EDGES VS. ATH-UtiTICS.
They Will Play To-Day at Recreation
Park.
The only Gilt Edges will make their
appearance again this afternoon at
Recreation Park in a game with the
Athletics. As this club is the best in tha
State and almost always gives an excel
lent account of itself, besides playing up
to-date ball, it would not be a bad Idea
for the fans to turn out in full force.
"Foghorn" Fitzpatrick and Harvey will
be pitted against each other, and they
are. it is said, quite warm. The line-up
follows:
Gilt Edge. Positions. Athletics.
Harvey Pitcher Fitzpatrlclt
Stanley Catcher Lohman
Shanahan First base Johnson
Hutchlnson Second base Hanely
Peoples Third base McLaughlin
Lockhead Short stop StultK
Borland Left field McCarthy
Doyle Center field Meeney
Walker Right field Hildebrand
A MEAN TRICK.
Weldon bought fourteen little round
clay banks, with slots fairly yawning for
pennies. These he intended to distribute
among the members of hi? Sunday school
class, after giving a little heart-to-heart
talk on frugality. As a "nest egg" he de
termined to put five pennies in each bank.
T'nfortunately, "Weldon took the globes to
the office. Lacey, who has no practical
ideas about anything but jokes, saw him
putting pennies in the slots and found
out through the stenographer to what use
the little banks were to be put. When
Weldon had gone to lunch Lacey hunted
about the stockroom and found some iron
washers about the size of pennies. 'With
the assistance of the office boy he shook
the coppers out of the globes and Inserted
the worthless bits of metal. The follow
ing Sunday, after Weldon had delivered
his talk and the bank*, fourteen children
rushed home and shook the iron washers
out on fourteen parlor carpets. The wails
that arose were heartrending and twenty
eight fathers and mothers indignantly de
clared that Weldon was not fit to hold
the position of instructor in the Sunday
school. Everybody in the church— save
Weldon — was informed. The greetings of.
old-time friends grew distant and formal.
Finally the Sunday school class was tak
en away from Weldon and put in the
hands of a young lady, who started by
asking the 10-year-olds if they had read
"Quo Vadls," and the worst of it all is
that Weldon doesn't know what has
brought him to the ground, a crumbling
pillar of the church.— Chicago Record.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have been a success for
seventeen years. They have cured and re-
stored thousands of cases which have been
abandoned as being past all earthly aid by
other leading physicians.
They have the largest practice and the best
equipped medical institution in America.
Their prices and terms are reasonable. Every
member of the staff is a graduate from the
best medical colleges in the world.
All have had years of experience in hos-
pitals and in private practice before they
commenced their successful careers as spec-
ialists.
They treat diseases and weaknesses of men
only and are masters of their profession.
They offer you the best remedies, methods and !
appliances and half a lifetime of practical j
experience. All their cures are permanent. !
910
PARNELL MEN
TO CELEBRATE
Anniversary of the Lead
er's Death Observed.
FEATURES OF DEMONSTRATION
FIRST THERE WILL BE A BIG
PARADE IN DUBLIN.
Following Conies the Convention to
determine the Policy of the In
dependent Nationalist
Party.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Oct. I.— For the last seven
years the chief political event of the
autumn in Ireland has been the celebra
tion of the Pnrnell anniversary— tnat is.
the anniversary of iht- death of the great
Irish loader, on the 6th of October. VSSi.
The celebration does nut take place on
the 6th of October, however, unless it be
a Sunday, for Sunday Is the only day of
the week in which people generally,
•whether in Dublin or in the provinces,
can attend it. But the 6th of October,
whether it fall on a Sunday or not, is
now known as Ivy day, from the fact
that the ivy leaf has been worn on that
day ever since 1891 by all Parnellites,
both in Dublin and the provinces. How
it is that the ivy has come to be particu
larly associated with Parneli 1 cannot
tell. Already there are different theories
on the subject current, although it is
only a few years since Ivy da\ was in
augurated. Bo difficult is it to come at
the truth of things which occur even
within one's own experience! On this oc
casion, as Ivy day will fall on Thursday,
the annual demonstration will take place
on the lmh, the nearest Sunday, and the
preparations for it are now in an ad
vanced stage. All the railways running
into Dublin have arranged 10 tarry pas
sengers for that daj at excursion fares.
The public local bodies In the various
towns have a^jret-d to send deputations,
and some of the larger municipalities
will, us usual, be represented by their
Mayors and municipal officers in their
rooes, as will also the Corporation of
Dublin, which has. moreover, authorized
the City 1- ire Brigade u> attend in state
in their full workiny uniforms with their
traps and engines. The trades vi the city
are also to participate in the procession,
in which places have been assigned to
them and to the provincial deputations
by ballot. The demonstrations which
have already taktii place this year m
honor of "The -Men oil '98" may to some
extent Interfere with the attendance oil
many from a distance who have always !
himerto taken part in vie Pnrnell anni
versary celebration, for It would i>e un- ,
reasonable to expect all such persons to
come up to Dublin from remote p
twice within a few months; but, ail the
same, the demonstration is certain to be
large and impressive.
Tne usual programme is to have a pro- I
cession through the principal streets of
Dublin to Glennevin Cemetery, where j
Parnell was buried, and then to disperse
for the day, the leading Parnellites re
assembling on the following day tv dis
cuss in convention the political situation |
and to determine the policy of the Inde- \
pendent Nationalist party tor the coming I
year. This year, ot course, the same
programme will be followed. The pro
cession will take place, as I have said,
on the 9th inst., and the convention will
be held the following day. At this gath
ering the principal subject will this time
be tne attitude to be taken up by Par
nellites in reference to the elections for
the new* councils established by the local
government act of the last session of
Parliament. "What will be determined on
I cannot, of course, say: but the probable
decision of the convention is clear enough.
The Independent Nationalist party, under
the leadership of John Redmond, M. P.,
has already made it ci>-ar that it does
not want the complete boycotting of the j
minority. It has always insisted on the
expediency of giving that minority a fair
representation on the new elective bodies.
It desires to see that minority fully, eyeD
fenerously, represented. But, as far as '
know, it means to use those new bodies i
as aids to the obtaining of home rule, and
for that purpose it is essential that they
should everywhere contain a majority of
Nationalists. It is one thing, and a right
thing, to accord the minority full repre
sentation; it is another and, while home
rule Is denied, it would be an unjustifiable
thing to give them the controlling power j
in places where they are not entitled to it |
by their numbers; and this, to put it brief
ly, will be, as I imagine, the declaration
of the Independent Nationalist Conven- I
tion. Another point that is likely to be
insisted upon is absolute freedom of elec
tion. The history of some past Parlia
mentary elections in recent years is the
foundation of this plank in the platform. ]
and those who remember the history of
those elections are the strongest in urg
ing thi6 particular demand. I may add
that the proceedings of the convention are
looked forward to with gr°at interest not
only by Parnellltes, but by anti-Parnell
ites, for every one recognizes now that,
although the Parnelllte members of Par
liament are but twelve out of eighty Na
tionalist members, they represent a far
larger proportion of people in Ireland than
that figure would imply.
I have just returned from a trip on
the new tourist route, commonly called
the Duke of Tork route, on the Shannon.
It was a most enjoyable excursion, and I
should most strongly advise any Ameri
can visitors who may come to Ireland
next summer not to miss it. The way to
proceed is this: Take a ticket from the
Broadstone station (Dublin) of the Mid
land line of railway to Athlone. That
particular Journey occupies, by a fast
train, only some two hours and three
quarters. If you arrive in the morning !
you can walk almost straight from the '
train into the steamer, which leaves Ath
lone at 10 a. m. for Killaloe. You
spend the next seven hours sind a half
on the river, at the end of which time
you can, if you are in a hurry, resume
your Journey by train for Limerick, ar
riving, via that city, in Dublin the fol
lowing morning- at 5 o'clock. Rut, in all
probability, most visitors will be in no
hurry to get away from places naturally
so picturesque, and, to Irishmen, so full
of historical associations. The journey
down the Shannon from Athlone to Killa
loe appears all too short. For the first
fifteen milns, indeed, the scenery is not
out of the common. The great river flows
through a rather flat country, dotted for
miles and miles on either side with the
whitewashed houses of the peasantry,
embowered amid clumps of trees; arid
but for the innumerable curves of the
stream and the excessively green mead
ows that skirt the water's edge for miles
on both sides, the landscape would be
comparatively uninteresting. But when
you reach Portumr.a and enter In Lough
Derg the sight is as beautiful of its
kind as anything in the world. This great
lake is twenty-five miles long and in some
parts twenty miles wide. Bordered on
each side with waving woods, amid which
here and there peer out stately resi
dences or ivy-grown towers and other
relics of the past; studded with islands
rich In foliage, ecclesiastical remains of
remote ages, and in religious and histori
cal memories which still stir the blood of
the people; now bright with sunshine and
anon darkened with the clouds which
never seem entirely absent from that
enchanted region— it is a spot in which
the visitor, whether given to angling
shooting or more sight-seeing, would like
to tarry the whole summer through
One circumstance in particular will
strike the tourist in whose thoughts poll
tics are uppermost. It is that on the
western shores of Lough Derg are sit
uated many of the most notable scenes of
the last great land agitation. At and In
the neighborhood of Portumna was enact
ed—ana, in fact, to some extent Is Btill
being enacted— the great struggle between
the Marquis of Clanricarde and his ten
antry. Lower down is "Woodford, the
scene of a hotter fight of fhe same kind,
and Bodyke, in the County Clare, the
story of the evictions in which, a few
years back, read like that of a miniature
frontier war of modern times. At Port
umna is a remarkable sight, to explain
■which a few preliminary worda are neceu-.
sary. Up to the year 1872 the two great
"county families" of Galway— the Burke*,
represented by the Marquiß of c ' a , n "
ricarde, and the Frenches, represented by
the Earl of Clanarty— divided between
them the Parliamentary representation oi
I the vast county of Galway, a share in
which they seemed to regard as an ap
panage of their titles and estates. In IS7Z
the Clanricarde-Clancarty candidate was
beaten at the polls, even though the iran
chise was still unrestricted and the sys
tem of voting by ballot was not yet tne
law. From that day forward, so grea.t
was the disenchantment of the Marquis
of Clanricarde. the relations between him
and the county became altogether
changed. He lined his tenants to the
shape of an Increase of rents for paving
dared to vote according to their ton
sciences, and, if they d d not pay. he
evicted. He ceased to live In Portumna.
himself His policy was continued b> his
successor, the P present Marquis whose
first act on his accession was to stop the
; building of a magnificent castle which
was commenced some years before, and
i which was to take the place of the Old
I family mansion burned down •ibout 18-0.
The new building had been all but ftn
' lshed a tower and a few windows only
j being' wanting when all work was stopped
' in iSTS or thereabouts, since which time
i building operations have never been re
! sumed and the unfinished castle is Mill,
as it hus been for more than twenty
years in the possession of a caretaker.
Nor are things likely to change during the
lifetime of tiie present owner of the Clan
ricarde title and estates, who lives the
life of a solitary recluse in "the Albany,
In London, without ever a thought, appar
ently, of his magnificent seat on the banks
of Lough Derg. What will happen when
the next owner comes into possession it is
difficult to conjecture, for, after a contin
uous existence of hundreds -of years, dur
ing a portion of which time it played a
conspicuous part in Irish history, the
riamicarde family will die out, in the
male line at least, with the present Mar
quis. On his death the title will become
extinct, while the estate* will devolve on
the Marquis of Sligo, who Is a Mayo man,
! has a magnificent scat of his own at
Westport, An that county, and may never
c to come to Galway. On the whole,
] should not be surprised to see the new
Portumna Castle turned before many
years Into a hotel. Such are the ups and
| d< We S have Jusfhad here in Dublin a visit
of a fortnight from Forbes-Robertson and
j his company in their classical plays. 1
1 need not say that he is one ot tne nrst
< rate actors "of the day in these islands,
and such artists are always welcome to
Dublin, which prides itself" on its dis
crimination in matters of the Btage, and
; whose verdict. In fact, was the reputation
Of more than one famous actor. It may
i be interesting, therefore, to learn that
while Dublin thinks a good deal of j
Forbes-Robertson's Hamlet, it does not
think his Macbeth an equally good per
formance. The truth is. Dublin is given
idging every tragedian by the Keans, !
and particularly by Edmund Kean. who
was, probably, the greatest tragedian that
ver lived. Apropos of Kean. a story
Is Just now recalled which is rather char
acteristic of some past phases of Irish
life and is. therefore, worth telling.
While Edmund K*>an was on one occa
sion playing in Waterford— ln a building.
I by the way, which is now. alas, the city
; Morgue— his son, the almost equally great
actor Charles Kean, was bora in a house
in that city which, up to a few years ago,
was used as a portion of the furniture
Show-rooms Of a man named George Dea
con This gentleman, who is still alive, is
known as "•'Gordon of Waterford. His
title which is self-conferred, came about
In this way. In the days, now long past,
when Mr. "Deacon was caretaker of the
i premises of the local Young Men's Chris
tian * a, he fell foul of the au
thorities of that Institution and was di
rected to quit his post. He resisted this
mandate and, as If he were living in the
last century when the debt-laden mem
b( rs of the Irish aristocracy habitually [
set bailiffs and Sheriffs at defiance, he
barricaded the upper story, called it his
•■Khartoum." and withstood a regular
siepe aided by the populace, who hoisted
supplies to him every day and assembled
outside his stronghold every night In
thousands to hear him deliver from the
top windows the story-of his wrongs. It
was a famous time in Waterford, and
goodness knows what would ultimately
have happened had not a compromise
been arrived at between the contending
forces. I may add that to-day Mr. Dea
con is a foremost citizen of what calls
itself the Urbs Intacta.
FOOTBALL GAMES AT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
The latest athletic news from Stanford
University appears in the following let
ter to The Call:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct 15.— Last
week's practice on the gTidiron has been far
from encouraßing. The men have been coming
on the field late, making It impossible to have
anything but a short line up. The snap, too,
of past week- has bven lacking in the play of
the football squad. The men have been slow in
lining up and fumbling has been worse than
ever To remedy this condition of affairs a
football meeting was called Wednesday. Coach
and Captain Fisher addressed the meet
ing urging the men to get out on the Held
more promptly and to play with more life
Coach Cress told of the methods at iale and
other Eastern colleges and summed up his po
sition in saying: "Every one must do his part;
no one can shirk and expect to remain on the
field." Erb, '01, was appointed captain of the
second eleven. As far as possible the same line
up will be kept on the second team In hopes of
developing a stronger eleven for the Varsity
to go up against.
With some few notable exceptions, the men
who are doing the most conscientious work on
the field are the old Varsity players, who in
most rases have a clr.uh on their positions.
Murphy Is punting in excellent form. Parker.
at end, got himself Into condition early and
already has the endurance and speed so neces
sary for the wings If the work of the -whole
team Is not to be retarded. Captain FUher,
though having the responsibility of the team
on his shoulders, la playing an excellent game.
A number of last year's second team are do-
Ing good work this year and in many respects
are almost up to Varsity fnrm. Wilson, at
tackle Is fast and always brings down his
man ' Rusk, at the other tackle. Is strong in
the line and semes to be able to break through
any one put against him at will. His great fall
ing Is in not watching the kicks. Other men
whose work is particularly noticeable are Bun
nister and Hill at full and McFadden end.
Hunnister hammers the line effectively and
keeps his feet well. Hill Is also strong at
bucking.
Among the new men who came out last
week are Longheed, last year's baseball cap
tain, for quarter, anji Eaton, a big freshman,
who' will try for a place In the center.
Training rules have been signed by the foot
ball candidates, and are a« follows:
(1) To abstain from the use of all tobacco
and alcoholic liquors.
(2) To retire regularly not later than
10:30 p. m.
(3) To refrain from eatlni? between meals.
(4) To obey implicitly the commands of the
coaoh and captain while on the field and re
spond to the call for practice promptly.
Arrangements are being made for a train-
Ing table, which will be started this week with
a few of the most promising candidates. New
men will be put on as soon as they prove that
they deserve it.
The "baby" eleven has not been doing much
thiß week, as a number of the strong fresh
mr-n have been laid off on account of Injuries.
Captain Rice has had a bad knee; Geissler's
neck has been out; Carson, too, has not recov
ered from his Injury received In the Lowell
came- Frlsselle 18 having trouble with his hip.
8 C. P. CUTTEN.
WANTS TO BE A MASCOT.
Major General Merriam was in receipt
of the following letter yesterday, which
Is as amusing as it is patriotic. It is a
sample of many of the letters received
by the department commander, but the
officials at headquarters have conceded
to this particular epistle the distinction
of being "the warmest member in the
bunch." The name of the writer and place
from which the letter comes is withheld:
General Merriam, Presidio, Cal.— Kespeoted
Sir- Can I accompany you to the Philippines?
I am 30 6 feet 8 Inches, weight 160. Free from
all evil habits. A Methodist. I want to go
with you and care for the sick. Have had
some experience and very much desire to ac
'<• .inpany you and make myself useful. I make
no charges for my labor, be It ever so ardu
ous, and all I ask is my clothes and trans
portation. 1 want to care for the sick and
verse myself In hospital work. I am single
and all alone in the world, and want to do all
the Rood I can for our noble "soldier" boys.
If you cannot muster me in. can't you take
me as a mascot? I enlisted with the Red Cross
of San Francisco last May, also with the White
Cross of this place, ami should you be so kind
as to let me accompany you, I will give Work
under the Red and White Cross. Remember,
I charge nothing for labor, only clothes and
transportation. I have two (2) little dogs that
I would like tn take with me, for they were
the means of saving my life in a burning build
ing. They are very nice and clean. I have
kept them In my room with me for the past
five years. Through them I have learned a les
son and want to do all the good I can for
the pick. If you want me under the above
conditions (accept of me and my two little dogs
as mascots), wire me at my expense and will
take the first train for San Francisco. If you
don't accept please write me a letter, and If
you do wire at my expense. Yours with much
respect , . . .
P. B.— l am sorry to be obliged to trouble you,
but I hope I may accompany you, and at some
future time show my appreciation of your
courteous attention. Please take mo along.
Excuse agnail.
Advances mad* on furniture and pianos, with
cr without removal. J. Noonan, 10X7-1023 MlMton,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1593.
SOLEMN MASS FOR
THE SOLDIER DEAD
Impressive Services at
Maniia.
DEPARTED HEROES HONORED
FIRST CALIFORNIA MOURNS ITS
LOSS.
In the Historic Church of San Miguel
Regimental Chaplain McKinnon
Preaches a Touching
Sermon.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA. Sept. 6.— Solemn mass was
said in the Church of San Miguel, near
the palace of Malakanan, this rrfocning,
I for the repose of the souls of the mem
bers of the First California Regiment
who laid down their Lives for their
country in this far-off land. Father
Doherty, General Merritt's chaplain,
was the celebrant and a most touching
sermon was preached by Father Mc-
Kinnon, chaplain of the regiment. It
was a most impressive scene, the quaint
old interior reminiscent in all its parts
of the appeal of the Spanish mission
aries to the senses of the savages, the
earnest faces of the American boys in
their brown fatigue suits, the
I solemn chanting of the priest,
the strong, clear boys' alto of the na
tive lads of whom Father McKinnon
j has constituted his choir. It was a
scene that those who looked upon will
never forget, and there was consolation
in it for those who had felt the sorrow
which must come to the soldier who
sees his comrade stricken down in bat
tle at his side. Certainly, never regi
ment had a better chaplain than Rev.
Father McKinnon. Faithful to every
' spiritual trust, he has periled his life to
go to the front when the lives of his
boys were in peril. He has been the
stay of the strong and the material
staff of. the weak. He has prayed for
the dead, watched by the sick and con
soled the living. He is a man without
fear and without reproach. As his pray
ers have been freely given, so will the
weaker petitions of every man who has
felt his ministrations ascend to the
: throne of grace on his behalf. It is
testimony which, though "humble, will
be heard at the last day.
And while the Americans keep watch
beside their dead there is growing a
new danger those in authority feel most
keenly. Aguinaldo is not yet ready to
take the fortunes of war, although they
turn against him. He is strengthening
himself in the Interior wherever that is
possible, and he has men of his own
in quarters in the suburb of Malate.
It is true that some of his leaders are
not true to him. Your real Tagallo is
true to nobody. He is, in extreme cases,
not even true to himself. Pio Pilar, for
example, would like to set up an army
and a revolution of his own. So would
Pa Ah, the Chinese leader, out at Ma
lalon. The annexation party, too,
among the natives is growing in
strength each day. Nevertheless Aguin
aldo is by far the ablest man of the
lot, and it is Just possible will be able
to hold the diverse elements together
until he has made his case before the
Paris commission. He wants, or says
he wants, a Filipino republic with an
American protectorate. That is a dream
the variety of which can be realized
only by those who have seen and stud
ied the Tagallo.
The American system Is a good sys
tem, by your leave, for Americans. You
cannot graft new systems upon the old
Asiatic trunk. It is too old, and the
sap runs too much evil. The graft is
poisoned and the tree lives on to poison
with its rank growth all the generations
that may ever be born upon this rich
though fetid soil. All this we know
who have been here. There is not an
American in the whole army of occupa
tion who will not tell you, If this land
is to be regenerated, the regeneration
must come from the rivers of blood to
follow the extermination of every na
tive in the islands. It is hard— but re
generation is hard. America is strong
for the task, but there must be no
shrinking in the performance nor from
the consequences.
One more ' Califomian has been hon
ored by an order from headquarters
Major •William D. McCarthy, who or
ganized the brigade hospital when the
first expedition landed, has been ap
pointed Superintendent of Spanish Hos
pitals in Manila, a position of trust
such as has been conferred on few'nhv
siclans His- jurisdiction is- wide and
the task will be arduous, but those who
know Dr. McCarthy will feel that he is
competent for the task. He has se
w^ d f ? r ™ S clerk Corporal Fred
Healy of Company I.
PILLAGERS NOW
WILLING TO GIVE UP
Indians for Whom Warrants Are
Held Will Soon Surrender to
Authorities.
WA . S ?l NGTON> Oct 15 - The following
dispatch has been received at the Interior
Department:
"WALKER, Minn.. Oct. 14.-Held coun
cil to-day. Several of the Indians for
whom warrants are Issued are r*»adv to
give thenwelYM up. Think all "will do so
by next Wednesday. VT. A. JONES,
"Commissioner."
FIRES ARE KEPT BANKED.
Window Glass Plants Fail to Start
the Season's Operations.
PITTSBTTRO, Oct. 15.-The window
glass plants throughout the United States
failed to start the season's operations last
midnight. Fires were banked and may
be extinguished and 15,000 workers, who
had be^n looking forward to a general re
sumption October 15, are forced to remain
idle. The strike is for an advance in the
wages of the cutters and flattencrs, but is
really the result of a fight between the
Knights of Labor and the American Fed
eration of I,abor.
The manufacturers say the fires will be
kept banked for a reasonable time, when
they will be extinguished and not relight
ed until the owners are sure they have
a clear and concise contract with the
workers.
MUST BEAR UNION LABEL.
Contract Relating to City Printing Is
Held to Be Constitutional.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 15.— Judge Scarritt
of the Circuit Court has held that the or
dinance passed by the City Council last
spring making it obligatory that all city
printing bear the label of the Typographi
cal Union is constitutionally correct and
will stand the test of the courts.
Under this ordinance the Board of Pub
lic Works let a contract for certain print
ing to a firm that was authorized by the
Typographical Union to use its label.
Lawton & Burnap were lower bidders
than the firm that obtained the contract,
and, backed by the Typothetae, they sued
the city for damages, claiming that the
ordinance was class legislation.
I>B. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES
"WHAT MAKES MAMA SO
CROSS?"
A Child's Question An-
swered bv a Famous
Specialist.
The mother had one of her "nervous
spells" and the little boy had been
warned to be very quiet. The restless
little fellow moved on tiptoe about the
room trying to ai.iuse himself, but al-
most every move he made was followed
by the querulous cry of the mother,
"Willie, don't make so much noise." At
last in his over anxiety to be quiet, the
boy dropped a book on the floor, and his
mother's angry scream of protest drove
him to the shelter of his father's arms.
The father laid down his paper and
caressed the tearful boy who whispered
between his sobs "Pnpa, what makes
mamma so cross?" Papa made no an-
swer. He did not knqw how to answer.
He could only wonder that in a few
i !■■■ i n fr I"\ rf~', f~j I (£?!
"WHAT MAKES MAMA SO CROSS."
years the gay and sprightly girl he had
married had lust all her spirits, had
faded in face and fallen off in form,
and had developed an Impatience of
temper and an irritability of disposi-
tion which was generally ascribed to
'"nerves."
But there was something else that
papa did not know. He did not know that
every such nervous outbreak caused
his wife intense mental suffering be-
cause of her own weakness. He did
not know that even now behind closed
fingers that hid her face the mother
was weeping because of her own pas-
sionate impatience with the child she
loved.
"What makes mamma so cross?" It
is a pitiful question. In it the little
child puts his finger right on the most
salient feature in the failure of mar-
riage. It is not the case of one wo-
man, but the case of thousands. The
result is a home unattractive to the
husband, and the children's love for
the mother adulterated with fear. The
husband, tired of tears and scolding,
drifts to the village store or the city
club to spend his evenings. The poor
wife sits and looks up at the motto,
which she hung on the wall with a
wifely pride in her heart and a wo-
manly prayer on her lips — "God bless
our home." She feels that the home is
cursed instead of blessed.
Poor woman! She is not to blame
for her nervousness and her tears. It
is the natural and necessary result of
her condition. The finest musician in
the world could get nothing but dis-
cord out of a harp whose every string-
was strained to breakine. That's the
way it is with the woman. She is lit-
erally "all unstrung." Her nervous
system is shattered. All the harmony
of the sweet girl nature is turned to
discord. It is a condition peculiar to
her sex and common to wifehood. Per-
haps this condition began long ago in
girlhood with irregularity In one of the
important female functions followed
maybe with a disagreeable and de-
bilitating drain on the system. Per-
haps It is the Immediate consequence
of the great changes which take place
with marriage. Behind such a nerv-
ous condition will be found inflamma-
tion burning like a fire into the tender
tissues, ulceration eating like poison
into the organs of generation. There
will be Irregular periods, and the bear-
Ing down pains, associated with pro-
lapsus, a disagreeable, unnatural and
debilitating drain, sapping the life and
strength of the "'stem. Some or all
these are behind th.it nervous condition
so painful for the mother, so pitiful for
the family. We know that this Is so
because the treatment of thousands of
women slmilarlv afflicted has proven it
to be so. We know just as surely that
this condition Is curable, because In all
the thousands of cases treated only
two out of every hundred have failed
of complete and perfect ctire: and oven
these two have generally been benefited.
This is not a matter of mere statement.
It Is a matter of record and a matter
of evidence. A half a million of wo-
men could be put into the witness box
to testify that they have been cured of
irregularities, ulcerations. Inflamma-
tions and disagreeable drains on the
system by the use of Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription. The larger part
of this vast army of women are in evi-
dence over their own signatures report-
Ing their former sufferings and their
permanent cure by the "Favorite Pre-
scription." We can only offer here a
few such letters.
Mrs. Cordelia Henson of Colton,
Body County, Ky.. writes: "In Octo-
ber, IRR9, I gave birth to a baby and
the treatment I received at the hands
of the midwife left me with falling of
the uterus. I had no health to speak
of for three years. I had another baby
which was the third child. My health
began to fail and T had three miscar-
riages, so I found myself completely
worn out. T had so many pains and
aches my life was a burden to me and i
also to all thf> family, for I was nervous
and crosa, and could not sleep. Just
after my last miscarriage (in 1896) I
was taken with a severe pain in my left
side. Had four doctors come to see
me, but at last I found I was slowly
dying. The doctors said I had liver,
lung and uterine trouble. I was In
bed for months, and when I did get
up I was a sight to behold. I looked
like a corpse walking about. I com-
menced to take Dr. Pierce's CSolden
Medical Discovery. 'Favorite Prescrip-
tion' and 'Pellets,' and I was soon a
well woman. I have suffered all a wo-
man could suffer at my monthly •• pe-
riod until since I began the use of Dr.
Pierce'a medicines, but now I can say
I have so pain. The dark circles
| DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES^^
around my eyes are going away and _ I
fgel better in every way. My cneens
are red and my face is white, but De-
fore it was as yellow as saffron.
"Your medicines have done W 9 nc v r
for me." writes Mrs. James W. BlacKer
of 629 Catherine street, Syracuse, >• *•
"For years my health was very poor, i
had four miscarriaees, but since taK-
lng Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Dis-
covery and 'Favorite Prescription na\ e
much better health, and now I nave a
fine healthy baby." ,
Hundreds of grateful mothers write
to give thanks for relief from suffering
usually experienced in confinement.
Mrs. Carrie B. Donner of Dayton
Green County, Wis., is only one of
the many grateful mothers that tnus
testify to the efficacy of Dr. Fierce s
Favorite Prescription. She says: i
can highly recommend Dr. Fierce s
Golden Medical Discovery and also ms
'Favorite Prescription,' having taKen
the latter for nine months previous to
confinement. I suffered scarcely any
compared with what I had at otner
times." .
Many grateful letter? come from hus-
bands who are made glad by tlu- wife s
new health and happiness. "For five
years my wife was in an almost help-
less condition, suffering from female
weakness," writes J. S. Everitt, Esq.. of
Hagerman, Washington County, Fla.
"Last September I decided to have
her try Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion. She took several bottles of the
medicine and gave birth to a ten-
potind son on January 3f, 1898. She Is
now sound and well and doing her
housework."
"My wife was sick for over eight
years," writes Albert H. Fulte, Esq., of
Altamount, Grundy County, Tenn.
"She had uterine disease and was
treated by two physicians and got no
relief. At last I read in one of your
Memorandum Books which you sent me
about Dr. Pierce's medicines and we
decided to try his 'Favorite Prescrip-
tion.' I sent to the drug store and
got one bottle and the nrst dose gave
ease and sleep. She had not slent any
for three nights. Being sure that it
would cure her I sent for five more bot-
tles, and when she had taken the sixth
bottle she was sound and well. We
now have a fine boy at our house."
Inflammation is pronrniv allayed, ul-
c. -rations healed and the nerve centers
stronKth<-ned by Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. It stops unnatural and
disagreeable drains on the system, reg-
ulates the periods, and, in fact, adjusts
the organs peculiarly feminine to har-
monious operations in ail their func-
tions. The real pleasure in life then
returns. The form rounds out, the eye
brightens, the dragging step of disease
gives place to the springing step <t
health. A smile, instead of a tear, goes
into every stitch going Into the tiny
garments being made ready for the
coming guest— a guest who will receive
a glad welcome from a h-^art rich in
maternal love, and a body strong in
maternal power, to cherish and nourish
its Infant life.
All this transformation can be
wrought in ynur own house, if you are
a sufferer, without expensive consulta-
tions, without indelicate questioning or
disagreeable examinations and offen-
sive local treatments.
You can consult Dr. Pierce b~ letter
without cost. This Is one of the most
generous professional offers ever made.
The specialist as a rule multiplies his
fees for advice by the years of his ex-
perience. Dr. Pierce as chief consult-
ing physician to the Invalids' Hotel and
Surgical Institute of Buffalo, New
York, has given thirty years to the spe-
cial study of diseases of women. His
vast experience and succoss make him
as a sovereign among specialists. He
places all this at your service without
chnrge. You can write without fear
and without fee. Kvery letter is held
str'ctly private and strictly confiden-
tial. We want to impress up*on you
that this free consultation by letter
gives everything that it promises, and
is what It purports to be, the offer of
an honest medical opinion on. your case
and condition given bv a specialist on
woman's diseases, who has in thirty
years treated many thousands of wo-
men.
Designing men, through alluring and
cunningly worded advertisements, con-
stantly endeavor to work upon the feel-
ings of sick and ailing women by invit-
ing them "to write to a woman (!) and
secure a woman's sympathy." It is well
to remember that the best sympathy
Is to be had at home and not from
strangers, perhaps hundreds of miles
distant. The object of the sick is to get
well, and however precious sympathy
may be, it never yet cured a seriously
afflicted woman. While the sympathy
of your milliner or dressmaker might
be appreciated and be just as beneficial.
If not more so, than sympathy from a
stranger, yet it cannot effect your cure
if you are an ailing woman.
It is loudly proclaimed through the
press that "a woman can best under-
stand a woman's ailments," and on this
ground sick women are invited to
"write to a woman" and get the benefit
of a woman's advice. The sort of "un-
derstanding of her ailments" wanted by
a sick woman is a trained medical un-
derstanding. If a woman has this
trained medical knowledge she under-
stands woman's ailments not as a wo-
man, but as a physician. If she is not
a doctor she cannot understand the ail-
ments at all, and cannot treat them
successfully because she lacks the
necessary training.
As far as known there Is no regularly
qualified woman physician connected
with any proprietary medicine especial-
ly designed for women — no one, there-
fore, qualified by learninsr and experi-
ence, to advise, on questions of disease
and its cure.
It is certain that there Is no one, man
or woman, connected with any "put-
up" medicine for women excepting only
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription, who.
like Dr. Pierce, is a regular graduated
and qualified physician, and who has,
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
like him, devoted more than thirty years
to the special study and treatment of
diseases of women.
In the strictest sense "Favorite Pre-
scription" is a temperance medicine. It
contains no alcohol, whisky or other
; intoxicants, and is free from opium,
■ narcotics, syrup or sugar. Without any
of these it preserves its healing virtues
in any climate.
All dealers in medicine sell Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. There
is no other medicine to compare with it
in its remarkable cures. Do not there-
fore accept any other medicine in its
place as "just as good." Nothing is
just as good for you which cannot show
i a "just as good" record of cures of
i female diseases. No other medicine can
! show such a record. No other medicine
! therefore can be as good.
The "wonder book" of family medi-
cine, is Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser. It focuses on the
leading facts of physiology and hygiene
the concentrated light of ages of scien-
tific research. It deals with nature and
disease in the light of common sense.
In simple language it traces the story
of human life from its source. It
I speaks paternally to the young man
■ and young woman on those grave
■ questions that concern each sex. It
speaks with scientific authority to
those who contemplate marriage.
And with all this there are hints and
helps for all the accidents and contin-
gencies that can touch the health of
the family. This great book contains
100S pages, and is sent entirely free, on
receipt of stamps to defray expense of
mailing only. Send twenty-one one-
cent stamps for the paper covered edi-
tion, or thirty-one stamps for the edi-
tion bound in cloth. Address World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Buf-
falo, N. Y.
BTATK OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30U ; , 1893.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1597.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State cf California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT SL'MBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which !t is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
beard of education or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or "for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due and also provision to constitute a pinking
fund for the payment of the principal I
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
fortv years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, hnwver, that the City and
i\>uiity of San Francisco may at any lime pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any «treet. lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
gt ruction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
Ftatute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner- and provided further, that the City of
Valiejo. In Polano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or ltability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to the Con-
i stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
• tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
; viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of
i counties of local county government acts for
: their own government. The said proposed new
' section to read as follows:
Section "hi- The Inhabitants of any county
' may frame a county government act for their
i own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
: electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
I such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
1 cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
i jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
! to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty Tatter such publication it shall be
BubHitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
£&«?, a^n<dm^ 'V* W »
?o elch house, it shall be the county govern-
men? act of such county, and shall in such
Sse become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
aU amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
ln copy of such county government act certi-
*la bv the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county.
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
setting forth the submission of such county
£nvi?nment act to the electors, and Its ratiflca-
flon bv^thein. shall be made in duplicate and
limited one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
ftmnn* the archives of the county.
\\\ T courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not less than two
vSr" by proposals therefor, submitted by th«
legislative authority of the county, to the
nuallfled electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
L a newspaper of general circulation In .such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be ' voted on separately without prejudice to
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given hy
thls section, to provide for the manner In
which, the times nt which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Jiulpe* of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
Buch deputies, for the manner In which, the
tim.-s in which, and the terms for which the
mem'hers of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
«uch boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has, In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted anv
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a svstem of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
s the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors nnd ratified In the
manner herelnnhove set forth.
AMENDMENT Nt'MBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5H- The Court of Claims Shall .con-
sist of any three Judges of ths Superior Court,
who may he requested by tha Governor to hold
court at tba regular terms thereof.. The Court
- . . .. .-, ■-■■■-■ V. -■ ~ *
. PROCLAMATION. V \ /;
of 'Claims, snail have';excl«sit:s ' jurisdiction to
hear- and determine'. a.U .-claims of every kind
and character against the. State under such
laws as may be- passed by me .Legislature; ana
Us judgment- thereon shalt he anal, • .The terms -.
Of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In the City of Log Angeles, . cbjnnie'nclng ; .on
the second Monday of.' March: : .-..••. ",■<■ , . .-.
; In the City and 1 County- of- San- Francisco,
commencing on the second- OVtonday : In. July,
and '•":"• ■ ••'.-'- -,- ;■ .• •
In the City of Sacramento, comrne-ncti.ig ,or
the second Monday of November, of. eacH'-year.
The Judges holding such term of. "co'urt. 'shall
receive no extra compensation ttie're'for,..' but ■
shall receive their actual expenses. • to be\- paid
out of the general fund of • the State .treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws- necessary
to organize such court, to provide -the '-pro-
cedure thereof and to Carry out f.tie "provisions
of this section. . '
"AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment'
No. 37.) . • •. ' ;.
A resolution to propose to the people. of "the
State of California an amendment to 'the .Con-
stitution of the State, amending article 'eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, te t>e known
as section number five and one-half, relati'n'g. to
consolidated city and county governments. 'The
said proposed new section to read as foljbwa: \
Section 5%. The provisions of sections "four ■
and five of this article shall not. n or shall -any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply '. j
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3«.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen pnd section sixteen of article five of tha
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall ba
elected at the same time and place and in tha
same manner as the Governor, ami his term of.
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from tha
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th»
residue of the term, or until the disability shai.
| cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor ba
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
| or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In tha
office of Governor for any of tne reasons abova
named, and neither ' the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempare of th» Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Got-
ernor, hen the powers and <Juties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the spanker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall' fee
filled at such genera! election: \ '■■ . ;
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of ths
Ptate of California an amenciznent to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the Stata
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend sa:d section !<i
rend as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall ln-
cltrae primary and grammar Bchools. and 9Uch
high schools, evening schools, no-mal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support o£
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
shall include schools organized In a
school district, or union «>:' sclu) I districts.
having more than one thousand inhabitants. In
rt course of study sh.-iJi be t;r.:sht which
—pare pupils to enter the agricultural,
, or scientific department of the Unlver-
f~\-ilifornia.
AMENDMENT DUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
! State of California an -amendment to section
j two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
i tion to -sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read a3
I follows: • ,-""..",: J-
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian oa
i the first Monday after the first day of January
■ next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
I in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
! lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
■ journment. If the two houses fail to agree
I upon a time at which th#y will resume their
i session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above pa-escribed. Upon re-
! assembling the Legislature shall complete its
; session. No pay shall be allowed to members
| for a longer period than sea-emy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept" at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of.the Constitution, and an act of th»
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of. pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. a. D. ISS3.
• the above-described proposed 1 amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th»
State, at the election to be held throughout
• this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. IS9S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows: •_'■■■» '_»'»'
I Each ballot used at such election must con-
i tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No.. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Te«
of Vallejo for the construction of its- .
water works from the provisions of jjo
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment -Number Two, being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. io I yea
(providing for framing local county-
government acts by Inhabitants of ] }JOJ O
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional ■ Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Ye«
against the State, and to consist of
three Superior Judges designated by v o
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? '.
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment ' ?.\vir;
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities t,,
and counties, organized or to be or- ■_
ganized. or holding a charter un- x
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to ' counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, fern
providing for succession thereto in - ,
certain cases and removing disability Nn
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar - "
Schools). • . Xo
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As- ;
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yes
Legislature for not less than thirty — —
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).
For. the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the. Great Seal of the -
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor
Attest: L. H. . BROWN, Secretary of State.
[SEAL.]
THE WEEKLY CALL.
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th»"
2 News of the Week and
©^ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES. 7.
°\ IT IS TUB BEST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON TUB
JJ7;.:; PACIFIC COAST
o)^ V '-'■''/ "~*~
3 The Best X Mining
~J Telegraphic V/ News That
°\ Service on /\ '« Accurate
c* The Coast / . \4 up to data
©< ■ •'. _ '\y: : "■ :
©( Not a Line of it Sensational
©/or Faky, and Not a Line of
J it Dry or Uninteresting.
OC Bright. Clean, A Champ •!
} Thoughtful. ; Truth.ALEXANDER
DONOVAN IS
UNDER ARREST
Mrs. Barry's Friend
Appears.
HE SURRENDERS HIMSELF^
EXPLAINS WHY HE DESERTED
THE WOMAN.
Chemist Morgan Finds Traces of
Morphine in the Stomach
of the Dead
Woman.
Alexander Donovan, the young man I
whose name was prominently mentioned \
in connection with the death of Mrs. R.
Harry in the house at S Anthony street,
surrendered himself to the police laJ»t
night and was locked up in the City
Prison, pending an investigation.
Donovan showed traces of having been |
or. a protracted debauch. As he walked
Into the Chief's office his step was un
steady and In a maudlin voice he an- |
ALEXANDER DONOVAN, Under Arrest on Suspicion
of Being Concerned in Mrs, Barru's Death,
nounced that he was the much-wanted
man. Being unable to get an intelligent
statement from him Captain Bohen or
dered Detectives Egan and Silvey to lock
him up until he became sober.
Donovan is about 23 years of age, but
looks much younger. He was dressed in
a dark suit of clothes and wore a black
sUk negligee shirt.
■>ral hours after he had been locked
up he recovered sufficiently to glv<- a
clear statement. According to his story
he met Mrs. Barry about three years ago
In the house of his uncle at Sacramento.
Hfc was pi. sent at hex marriage and es
corted the happy couple to the train. A
short time agu he claimed Mrs. Barry re
turned to Sacramento and Invited him to
accompany her to this city. She paid his
railroad fax' a* without money.
They rented the fiat at S Anthony .
Donovan occupying a cot in the k.
lay afternoon, according to what
an i-ays, Mrs. Barry gave him her
gold watch and toid him to pawn it as
she was in need of money. >1" pawned
the timepiece for $3 and returning- to the
house, gave the amount to Mrs. Barry.
She was then very ill. Donovan shortly
afterward left th>- bouse and did i.
turn until late at night. Hearing Mr?.
Harry groaning he cautioned her
fj'.:!et ami as the noise continued he
uo lined his clothes and left the flat.
Wlv n asked why he had deserted the
troman Donovan replied: "I was
and a? she continued groaning I
went out intending to get another room."
In one of the pockets of the prisoner
was found a cheap ring, which belonged
to the dead woman. In explanation of
how he came into possession of it Dono
van said that Mrs. Barry had given it
to him as well as the pin which he
pawned for $15.
He admitted to the detectives that he
had spent the amount he received on the
pin for drink.
Donovan emphatically denied that Mrs.
Barry was addicted to the use of opium.
He admitted, however, that she was a
heavy drinker, frequently remaining on a
debauch for several days at a time.
The woman's husband, R. Barry, ar
rived from Paradise Valley. Nevada, yes
terday, and called upon Captain Bohen
at police headtiuarter*. He said he knew
Donovan, who worked on the farm for
him at Paradise Valley, where he be
came acquainted with "his wife. Dono
van was a heavy drinker and a heavy
smoker of cigarettes. His wife left him
on September 21 for a visit to friends In
this State. Sin- stopped with Donovan's
uncle in SacranvMj-i,. and wrote him
there that she was going to this city. She
was not related to Dor.' /van.
His wife's maiden name -was Minnie
Wright, and she was a native of London,
England. She was 32 years of age. and
they had been married for five years.
She had a pair of diamond earrings.
which were not stolen, and a diamond
ring worth 5100 and a gold watch, which
had been stolen. He went to Franklin's
pawnshop yesterday and Identified the
ring: pawned by the young: man. sup
posed to be Donovan. Thursday night, as
belonging to his wife. He said he never
knew his wife to use morphine. She had
heart trouble, but never had hemorr
hages to his knowledge. He intends to
bury her body here.
Chemist Morgan of the .Morgue has
discovered traces of morphine in the
stomach of the dead woman, but until
Ills investigations are completed he will
be unable to say whether there was
enough morphine to have caused death.
There is no doubt that the woman died
from hemorrhage of the lungs, as the
cadaver had all the appearance of a
phthisicky victim. The inquest will be
held next Tuesday morning.
Druids' Anniversary Ball.
The member* of Perseverance Grove
No. 10 of the Ancient Order of United
Druids, the local French Grove of the
order, celebrated the thirty-first anniver
sary of its institution by a ball in Odd
Fellows' Hall last night. The decoration
of the hall was most artistic, the colors
of the I. nited States and of France beine
profusely displayed in harmonious ar
raneemont. while potted plants, evergreen
parlands and hanging baskets added to
the effect. There were nearly 250 persons
in the errand march, led by Dr F R
Orella, the floor director, and Mile. Sar
thnu. Tho programme included twenty
dances, so it was dancing until long af
ter midnight. The committee of a>
rangements was J. Merienne. August-
Martin. A. Cadenal, F. Laborde and
Ch. Serin.
WILL ENTERTAIN SOLDIERS.
Garfield Post and the Women's Reliei
Corps Arrange an Ambitious
Programme of Music.
The comrades of James A. Garfield Post
No. 34. and James A. Garfield Woman"
Relief Corps No. 21, Grand Army of the
Republic, will give a musical and liter
ary entertainment next Tuesday evening
in Social Hall, Alcazar building, to which
comrades of other posts and members
of other corps are invited.
Through the courtesy of Colonel Smith,
the band of the First Tennessee Volun
teer Regiment will be present and will
Play concert music. An instrumental
quartet, consisting of first and second
violins, viola and 'cello, ' and composed
of the Misses Ethel Buneman, Florence
Lipscher. Alice Chipman a.nd Carol Woil
ner. will play several classical numbers.
The Fifty-first lowa Volunteers will fur
nish instrumental string and vocal solo
ists, and the Twentieth Kansas Infantry
a vocal quartet. Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-
Blinn will recite, in honor of the young
volunteers. "Dying at Manila"; Henry
M. Clement will read an original poem
to the memory gf-President Garfield; Ma
jor J. H. Simpson will eulogize the ser
vices of the Woman's Relief Corps Gen
eral B. S. Salomon will pay a tribute to
the new volunteers, to which a response
will be made extolling the services of the
veterans of the civil war. A generous
collation will be served, to be followed
by dancing.
NOT ACKOBATS.
They Object to Vaulting Over Side-
walks.
Twelve property owners on Market
street, between Main and the Ferry, rep
resenting 797 front ftet. have filed a peti
tion with the Supervisors protesting
against the recent resolution ordering
sidewalks raised to the official grade of
the street— two and a half feat above the
present level. The petitioners state that
many buildings would he ruined and that
an absurd condition of afl lid ex
ist, as pedestrians from side streets would
be obliged to climb up arid ovpt thi
vated sidewalks and down again in order
to cross Market street.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium, £14 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cal.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
< C S Henderson, Stocktn Mrs I \V Hayes, Felton
A Pennington, Ukiah Miss Hayes, FeJton
; H C Clark Yuba \V Kelley. Salinas
F Laub. Sutler Co I) Murphy, Cal
E Fisher, Sacto H H Blood, Nevada
J 8 Rodgers, Sacto iE A Prebie. Cal
II A Alexander, S Jose Mrs P II Cobb. Detroit
B Tompklns, San Jose iW H Seamans, Sacto
D R Pender. San Jose |W E Snyder, Cal
; Q TV Lankan, Llvermr J F Francis. X V
i C B Overacker, Nlles F F Hibberd, Cloverdle
I i: M Freeman. Oakland J S Mills, Stockton
E Whipple, Decoto P Harkinson & w. Cal
I A Murray, Decoto R W Lambley & w.Cal
J A Chadyo, Sausalito W F Lunlng. Red Bluff
T W Leavitt, Oakland F T Park, Delano
J E Wright, Oakland T Jones, Santa Clara
J Gerrans, Jamestown J C Steele, Trinity
Miss M Gerrans. Irvgtn W D Long. Nev City
6 Doane. Red Bluff W B Ellis & vr, Oakld
H A Jostro, Bakersfld W D Van Blarcom Jr
! J TV Sheppard, NY & w. Denver
i J Reich, Los Angeles Cr, Flickenstein, Cal
. J XV C Pogue, VlFalla ill M Lewis, Cal
F W Watson, Stanford r M Whiting, Burlngm
< > II Van .Vorden. Cal J Hechtman, Burlngam
, D H Shepherd, Stocktn
PALACE HOTEL.
'■ C E Locke. 8 Diego iA J Regan, 8 Jose
: D C Hanrahan, U S N A T Hatch, S Jose
B H Wells. USA Mrs A T Hatch. Cal
J O McMurtrie. Colo W E Dodge, Minn
: |!TB! T B^ H Hr" rt ' Mlnn R M Alter.. Stanford
\\ DA an Blarcom 4 W B Hanson, Calk
| _*k Denver Mrs W H Hanson, Cal
R P Russell. Oakland r; C Sweet U S N
; C Dunphy, P Alto i Ivllsa Mlddlebrook, N V
;G H EJ«rl<J«e, n C E E Kruger <S w. Nev
X i? ,?'!!. rke ' Mo J B Ferguson, Ky
R G McCraken, Cal S L Levy N V
• Mrs P II Sayre-Cobb, F H Dyer. Phoenix
Detroit
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J S Fee, Wash Mmc F Montague, Cal
R Soutter, Penryn T W Johns, Ft Point
J J Delaney. L& N J l Hughes. Ft Point
£ S < T- ry \ £ rme * n r, » 3 Blttlngin. Cal
"> I- Enrlchs & W v- Cal Miss M Renshaw. Mont
J W Heard & w .Sapa'Ml V Marks, Mont
O Stahlman Utah Miss A Colt-man Pal
M ,C Price, Xj tah Mles E Dunham. Cal
P H Jacobs, Ohio G Ehrmann, Fresno
JJ Sullivan, Fowler C N Thomson Fresno
r. S Wilson, S Jose Mrs F T McCowen Cal
A Ferbis & w. 6 Jose I Mrs J H McClelland
E C Carey, Lodl I Janeaville
\V L Lahro, Lodl !C Clark, Term
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P H Moll, NY H Horn, Mexico
\v H Moll. N V \v v Chlpp, Sonora
J W Johnson, Stockton J E Smith. Vallejo
T Grow. Seattle Miss Heaney, s Dak
J Smith, Ha' |G Hoag, Winnipeg
F L Sampson. Boston i A McAj-thiir. Portland
Z E Buckner, S Rosa ;W R Harrison Seattle
W W Phclps. Alaska IF Grlswaid, B Jose
T Kruger, Ucnlcia IP Moser, L Ang
S E Douglass, Reno I J Slattery, Petaluma
A NICE LITTLE LESSON.
The Duko of Norfolk, it is stated, on
one occasion gave a postofflce young
woman a severe f rljsrht. She had got
into a habit of ruling the public with a
rod of iron, and flavoring her remarks
with a good deal of Impudence. The
Duke saw and heard much of this while
he was writing a telegram. When his
turn came the young woman took his
telegram, read Jt, and dashed it back
to him. "Put your name to it. What's
your name?"
"That will do," said the Duke, point
ing to his signature, "Norfolk."
"That's not the name of a man; that
is the name of a county," snapped the
clerk.
The Duke took the telegram and pro
ceeded to write another, which ran:
"Permanent Secretary, G. P. 0., Lon
don. Clerk at thia office exceedingly
insolent to the public; reprimand se
verely; dismiss on second complaint.—
The Postmaster General." As he hand
ed it in he observed: "This is official,
and will go free."
When the young woman read it she
nearly collapsed. Ay the Duke intended
only to give her a lesson, he consented,
after much entreaty and promise of
aim ndment, to destroy the telegram.—
Tit-Bits
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
JOHN T, SCOTT
IS HONORED BY
FELLOW WORKERS
Grand Banquet Given
in His Behalf.
MANY GIFTS TENDERED HIM
APPROACHING NTJPTIALS FIT
TINGLY REMEMBERED.
Congratulatory Speeches Delivered
by Irving M. Scott and
Others — Those Who
Attended.
John T. Scott, general superintendent
of the Union Iron Works, was tendered
a grand banquet last night at Delmon
ico's by the heads of departments of the
great ship bulliung plant. The affair was
an entire surprise id the guest of honor, ;
and was to commemorate his approach
ing nuptials. Seated aroCnd a horseshoe
t;ible laden with the good things of life
in liquid and solid form, and decorated
with beautiful cut flowers tastefully ar
ranged, els ■ two fellow workers greet
ed him and wished him joy in the step lie
was about to take. Incidentally he was
presented with silverware and other gifts
from the men who hold him hi high es- I
teem.
The arrangements for the evening's fes
tivities .could not be surpassed, and the
following gentlemen, Daniel O'Netl, It.
Doyle, W. Telfer, John OIBSOn, T. P. Jar
vis and E. T. i>lorri«, received praise for
their work. On Mr. Scott's entrance he
was ,-.:•■ ted with a round of hearty
cheering, and on taking his seat at the
side of Chairman James Dickie the invi
tation to fail to was given.
Between courses Fred Chapman, Charles |
Qrolefend and Robert Hernandez played I
selections on mandolin, guitar and banjo. i
Oscar Franks' splendid voice was also
heard in latest melodies, and W. J.
Drew's solo on the flute received de
served applause. Emlle Penez sang a
French song, which, although not under
stood by all. was greatly appreciated.
The first speaker to be introduced by
Chairman Dickie was Irving M. Scott,
who sat at his left. As Mr. Scott arose
he was heartily greeted, and in a con
versational tone delivered an interesting
talk. He dwelt at the outset on the ;
growth of the Union Iron Works, and ;
said It was partially due to the efforts j
of those seated around him. whom he
thought the best of men he had ever seen, \
a thought concurred in by Alec Donel- j
son, who sat close by.
"I have a personal interest in all of |
you," he continued, "and there's not one j
of you who can get along too we'! to
suit me." :
He paid a tribute to Daniel O'Neil, the j
oldest foreman in the establishment, and I
then went on to tell of the great stride j
the Union Iron Works has made since '61. I
Throughout bis talk on that subject he j
! aroused laughter and applause by witty
! allusions to early efforts as compared
I with later results, and then, in obedi
ence to the request of the chairman, he
spoke of his visit to Europe. For a half
hour he held bis listeners spellbound with
a description of his travels. He paid a.
high tribute to Russia as a nation and
dissolved the opinion many had enter
tained that it was a barbarous country,
' He also paid a high tribute to the hon- i
I ored guest and closed by wishing all
present the best of success in all their j
future undertakings. Further applause ]
greeted him. and after a short intermis- \
: sion Chairman Dickie arose and re
marked that he had given up public ;
. speaking many years ago, but this oc
casion demanded some words from him. i
His humorous and sly allusions to Mr.
i Scott's intended entrance into the matri-
I monial state aroused laughter, heartily
| Joined in by the latter.
He then, on behalf of the foremen of
i the Union Iron Works, presented Mr.
; Scott with a magnificent silver service of \
seven dozen pieces, containing knives,
forks and spoons.
Mr. Scott, on behalf of himself and I
betrothed, feelingly thanked his generous
friends for their gift.
George Dickie followed and gave Mr.
Scott some sage advice, and felicitated
him on his coming marriage. He iilso
told a few Instances in his experience that
aroused laughter and applause. He sang
a Scotch ditty that won him an ova- I
tion.
J. P. Baloun, one of the ten representa
tives of the draughting department pres
ent, then arose and in a neat speech pre
sented Mr. Scott with a solid silver vase
which was brought in by J. Donald.
Again did Mr. Scott thank his kind
friends and again he was applauded. Wil
liam White, on behalf of the clerical de
partment, which was well represented,
tendered Mr. Scott a handsome clock and
candelabra. After he had responded, Os
car Franks struck up something; about
John T. Scott beinp a jolly good fellow,
to which all in duty bound sang in uni
son. Cheers were given for Mr. Scott
and his intended, and then George Ratto,
head photographer of the works, took a
flashlight photograph of those present.
Among those present were:
E. T. Morris. George Cavanaph, Charles E.
Ker, E. Bangle, James Donald. C. V. Lane,
Goorge Rests, E. J. Stanley, George Wimmer,
W. <;. Dodd, William Donald, Charles Twigg,
H. P. Frear, John Murray, Irving M. Scott Jr.
W, w. Haascora, H. C. Wulf, K. Dahi, R.
Doyle, A. Donaldson, D. O. Nell, Irving M.
Scott, O. S. Oriick, James Dickie, John T.
Scott, R. Sture, J. C. H. Ferguson John Olg-
Ef.n. G. W. Dickie, C. Hlehtower, M. J.
Haley, M. R. Murphy, J. \V. Tlmon, J. D.
Smith, V. Gllrhrtst. A. E. Roberts, T. O.
Smith, J. H. Todd, W. Telfer, W. H. Manuel.
M. McKenntf, F. H. Blandlng, J. P. lialoun.
W. J. H. White, Theo. Clough, W. M. Lamed.
P. Jenkins, Percy King, Frank Summers, Mat '
Hamilton, A. C. Lewis, C. W. Orotfend, O. L. j
Rohte, C. S. Hendry, A. B. Johnson, George j
Scott, R. M. JohiiHtcne, George Folsom, TV. J. I
Drew, G. T. Poultney, T. Cronln, E. Penez,
William Young, F. C. Sykes, John Holland,
GoorK? Fredericks. Thomas Le Herquet, Mark
Gelrrlne. J. McAllister, J. 08. Gurin. Albert
Wallis, D. W. Dickie, H. P. Prescott.
PREPARING FOR THE
DANCES TO COME
BACHELORS' COTILLON CLUB IS
ORGANIZED.
Its First German to Be Held at the
Maple Room — President Al
Dodge Designs New
Figures.
The Bachelors' Cotillon Club has re
cently been organized for the forthcoming
season of dances. The first german will
be held in the maple room. Palace Hotel,
on the 2Sth inst.
Al Dodge has been chosen leader, and
has already designed two figures for the
opening dance. To the end that there
may be no overcrowding 1 and consequent
discomfort, each member will be allowed
but one invitation, admitting a lady and
; gentleman. Under this arrangement, the
; Hour will never be overcrowded. There
i will be some forty couples in attendance—
a desirable number for the size of tne
floor.
The club pin will be fashioned after the
cornflower, more familiarly known as the
"bachelor's button." Much pleasure is
anticipated during the months when
dancing parties are the vogue.
The members of the club follow: Al
Dodge, D. A. McColgan. George A. Rigg,
Dr. E. W. Westphal, Dr. A. T. Derby,
Wallace Alexander. William Toepke,
Jason Gould, Henry L. Day, James H.
Wheeler, W. B. Meckfessel. H. William
WeiUerfeld. Dr. Robert O'Connell, E. N.
Ayres, F. J. McGuire, Burt L. Davis, W.
K. Owens and Clarence Musto.
Battery in Butchertown.
B. Webber and Henry Walsh occupy
the same house In Butchertown. Friday
Mrs. Webber and a sister of Walsh had
a quarrel, and the two men grot Involved
in the dispute. Webber smashed Walsh
and grave him a terrible beating. Yester
day Walsh swore to a complaint in Judge
Joachlmsen's court for Webber's arrest
on the charge of battery.
NATIONAL EDUCATORS HERE.
May Possibly Hold Their Convention
in This City Next Year — Los
Angeles a Competitor.
A'party of prominent Eastern educators
arrived here yesterday from Los Angeles.
It was composed of E. B. Lyte of Miljers
vllle, Fa., president of the Pennsylvania
State Normal School and of the National
Educational Association; A. G. Lane, su
perintendent of the cnicago schools; Ir
win Shepard of Warren. Minn., secretary
of the National Educational Association,
and J. W. Greenwood. Superintendent of
the Kansas City schools. They are all
members of the executive committee of
the National Educational Association,
having power to select a place for the
next annual convention of the associa
tion, though it was practically determined
at a meeting in Denver this year that It
should be held in Los Angeles in July.
1889. The faint hope that they may yet
determine to hold it in this city makes
their visit "f especial interest. Escorted
by J W McClymonds, Superintendent of
the Oakland schools, and other local edu
cators they were driven to Golden Gate
Park and the Cliff House, returning to
lunch at the Occidental. They left the
oity at 2:45 for Monterey and other points
to the southward.
HORSE STEALING
LIGHTLY PUNISHED
A JUDGE VIEWS THE CRIME AS
PETTY LABCENY.
John Mara Esc.-pes a Long Term in
Jail After Being Found Guilty
of a Heinous Offense.
! There Is much comment at the City
Hall on the course taken by Judge
Joachimsen In the case of John Mara,
who was arrested last Monday by Offi
cers A. B. Riehl and James A. Belyea on
1 the charge of grand larceny. Mara was
: charged with having stolen two horses
within one week.
On the night of October 6 the lock was
broken on Henry Samuel's stable door,
1017 Valencia street, and his horse taken
from the place and sold to a man named
Patrick J. Heany. He in turn sold the ani
mal at a slaughterhouse In South San
Francisco for 13 SO. On the following Sun
day night a horse belonging to Prank
Hassel who resides at 1(510 Harrison .
street, Was stolen. The boy used the
horse for. the purpose of peddling, by
which ho managed to support himself, his
widowed mother and her live orphan
children. This horse was sold to the
same man for $1 50 and was also taken
to the slaughterhouse, where the Haasell
boy found it the next morning. On recog
nizing his property he informed the peo
ple at the boiling down establishment that
the animal was stolen from his stable on
the previous night. He asked them as a
favor not to kill the horse. He stated be
fore leaving the boneyard that he would
inform the police, which ne did, hurrying
back to the Seventeenth-street station aim I
informing Lieutenant Price, who detailed
Officers ttiebl and Belyea to investigate.
The oliicers went to the slaughterhouse
and found both horses had been killed.
On examining the hides the owners identi
tied their animals. It was here stated to
the oiheers that the horses had been pur
chased from Patrick J. Heany; who re
sides on Alabama street. inquiry at ,
Heany's elicited the information that
Mara had sold the horses to him. On ;
this Information Mara was arrested and |
two charges of grand larceny were lodged :
against mm. Un being confronted with
the- proofs he offered to plead guilty to I
petty larceny, but the police indignantly
declined to compound a felony in a cade j
that to them seemed so clear of not only
horse stealing, but burglary in breaking
into Samuel's stable.
With the foregoing facts In possession |
of the arresting orhcers Mara was per
mitted to plead guilty to petty larceny by
Judge Joachimson and the prosecuting
attorney in his court, notwithstanding the
protest of Officer Kiehl. * '-■
The following is the report as made to
Captain Gillen by the arresting officers:
San Francisco, Oct. 14. IS9B.
James W. Glllen, captain of police-
Sir: The caEe of John Mara, who had
two charges of grand larceny against him
fur stealing horses, came up in Police
Court No. 3, this morning, the 14th inst.
The prosecuting attorney wanted me to
reduce the charge to petty larceny and I
refused to do it. Complaining witness
Fratik Hassell's testimony was taken
and Judg>; J<>;ichimson ordered me to get
two complaints for petty larceny. This 1
refused to do. and he said he would see
that I would do as he said. I atill refused
and he had the bailiff take the complaints
and reduce them to petty larceny. The
boys signed the complaints and the de
fendant pleaded guilty and the Judge
said he would give him six months on
each charge. Very respectfully,
A. B. RIEHL, Police Officer.
Countersigned: JAMES A. BELYEA,
Police Officer.
Judge Joachlmson sentenced Mara to
six months" imprisonment in the County
Jail on each charge. What annoys the
Police Department is that Mara is either
guilty of grand larceny in stealing the
horses, as there could be no possible
doubt of his guilt, considering the evi
dence against him, or he is guilty of no
offense under our law. It Is rumored that
tho case will brought to the attention of
the Grand Jury for investigation.
Five Years for Lambert.
R. R. Lambert, alias Brown, was sen
tenced by United States District Judge
Hawley yesterday to five years' imprison
ment in the penitentiary at San Quentln
and to pay a line of $500. He had been
caught with a set of counterfeiting molds
and with a large number of counterfeit
pieces of money.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Matilda yon Si-ckendorff has sued E. F.
yon ScckendorfC for a divorce, alleging
desertion as a cause of complaint. Suits
for divorce on the ground of failure to
provide have been filed by Alma Faure
against Edward Faure, Louisa Brown
against Joseph Brown and Augusta Joak-
Inson against Frank Joaklnson.
The guns of a first class battleship cost
about £ii 5,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Save
F?*f ets a /^^ p£
5 r Coffee
AND GET A . .
"- .- . ■ ■ - ' .- ■.
pie Present pREE
With Every Pound
' AT - ; ■"
American Jmporting Jea[o,'s
MONEY SAVING STORES
861 Market St., oppo- 835 Hayes it.
site Powell. st. ' . 2510 Mission st.
140 Sixth st. 1419 Polk st.
705,Larkln st. , . 818 Third st. -
146 Ninth st. .. 3006 Sixteenth, st.
608 Kearny st. . 2008 Flllmore st.
1819 :■ Devisadero st. . 1190 Kentucky st.
3255 Mission st. ' « ' .621 Montgomery ave.
62 Market st. :
■•'- i : v > • OAKLAND ' STOREB.
1053 Washington -■ st. : 616 East Twelfth et. •
817 Broadway. •,. '-> 1510 : Seventh st. : .
131 San Pablo ave. ■ ' . 1355 ' Park ■ St., Alameda.
B Street, t near Fourth.' San. Rafael. . .
'-';. Write for <_ Catalogue. ■'{■£• ,
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA Writes :
When worn out I find
nothing so helpful as a
glass of Vin Mariani. To
brain-workersand those
who expend agreatdeal
of nervous force it is in-
valuable.
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA.
From the Surgeon-ln-Chlef
of the French Army:
During lonp, tedious marches, our sol-
diers and officers found Instant relief from
fatigue anct hurdshipa when using thd
marvelous tonic, Vin Mariuni; It prevent-
ed fevers and sickness in the marshy and
unhealthy territory.— H. LIBEKMAXN,
M. D.. Surgeon in Chief French Army.
l —
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS PRICB.
\ O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., Cor. Front, S. F.
& -
, % Men's 28-in. steel 26x28 in. steel T
' rod and frame, frame' Umbrellas, <*>
, & fine Glorias.sl.oo fast black ..50c $
T Ladies' 26-in steel 28-in. Gio ia», steel %
! X rod and frame frame ' crook and Congo &
j I fine Glorias, fancy a \"r;-— B ° e $
i I Dresden knob han- SZi^^KZ I
i<£ dies ..$1.25 den knob handle*., ,85c %
I WILL & FINCK CO., 1
$ 818-820 Market St., S. F. $
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and .Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WV. UCARAKTEE FOl'B BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written jcuar-
nnicp or refund the money, and to destroy tbo
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
STRON6 DRINK and I>«ath. Upon receipt
ClnUnf] UtllN&.tnd Death. Upon receipt
of 110-00 we will mall you four [4] boxes and posi-
tive written tr"«r»rit*>«» to cure or refund
iOitrmoneT. ?!"•»•• ♦>« — :*?pa.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Acts..
214 Kearny st-, San Francisco.
NOTICE !
Taxes Dae Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE OF
California. Sacramento. October 12, 1898.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
3668 of the Political Code, notice Is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," containing the assessments
upon the propert" of each of the following-,
named associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalization for
' the year 1898. to wit: - '
California Pacific Railroad Company, Central
Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany. Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company,
Pan Francisco and- North Pacific Railway
Company. Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe : Pacific Ra.iroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Jonquln Valley Railway."
Company, Nevada County Narrow Gauge
Railroad • Company,' Carson and I Colorado j
Railroad . Company, Nevada-Callfornla-Oregon
Railway Company.. Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company, Pacific Coast Rail-
way Company, . Alameda and - San Joaquin
Railroad Company," Gualala - River Railroad
• Company. California and Nevada Railroad
Company, Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia," Sierra Valleys Railway Com. any, San
Francisco and San ' Mateo Electric Railway
Company < and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
■ I pany. ' . ■ : ' . -
The State ' and County taxes ;on all personal
property, ' and one- half of the ■ State and
county taxes on -all real ' property, are ; now
flue and payable and will b» delinquent on
the last Monday in November next, ■at six
o'clock p. m.. and unless paid to the State
Treasurer at the. Capitol prior thereto, five
' - per cent : will .be added to amount thereof
' and unless so- paid on or before the last Mon-
day in April . next, at • six o nock p. m., an
additional five per cent will be added to. the
amount thereof.. "■> ' . . ■; *
The remaining . one-half of State and county
taxes on all real Property will be due and
!■ payable after - the- first' Monday In Janu-
. I ary ; next, 'and will . be delinquent *on < the ■
:." last ''. Monday •In April next at six : o'clock
p. . m., . and unless paid to the -State
. • Treasurer *at •■"' the * Capitol prior thereto, five
I per cent will be added to the amount thereof. ■
E. P. COLGAN, State Controller. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"When Worn Out."
JOHN PHILIP SOUSA
The Weil-Known American Composer.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
Braces Body and Brain.
MARIANI WINE has written endorsements
From more than 8000 American Physicians.
MARIANI WINE is specially indicated for:
Nervous Affections, Throat and Lunsr Diseases, Dyspepsia, Anaemia,
Weakness from whatever causes, Profound Depression or Exhaustion,
LA GRIPPE, GENERAL DEBILITY, MALARIA,
For those who are run down,
OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN.
Sold by all Druggists. Beware of Imitations and Substitutions.
SPECIAL OFFEW— To oil who write mentioning the San Francisco Call we send a
book containing portraits and endorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES,
CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and other distineulshed personages.
iMARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussman: London — 83 Mortimer Street; Mont; al — 28-30 Hospital Street.
MARCHING OF ENGLISH SOLDIERS.
(Reprinted from The London Sketch.;
General Sir Evelyn Wood says: "Re-
tarding the infantry marching, it was Uie
best seen during my command at Alder-
Bhot, or since I was first stationed there
twenty-eight years ago. Many officers
availed themselves of the tonic and re-
constituent properties of the well-knewn
Marlani W|ne, the most certain as well
as the most palatable method of induc-
ing resistance to fatigue."
afl3B^2flasT^assaas> ik ■! * D Mi
ADMINISTRATOR'S AUCTION
Monday, October 17, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street.
JOSEPH P. HALE ESTATE.
Numbers 31», 316,31?, 320, 322 and 324 Oak street, 6 two-
story and lia-wroont BOOMS of 8 room*, bath, bay win-
dows, brick foundation, stone walks, etc.. each: rents
$30 each ; both streets accepted ; in 3 equal subdivisions
of 45:10-lixi30 feet e.icb. double front
TRUSTEES SALE.
- 8. E corner of Jackson and Cherry streets, ehniea
Presidio Heights residence lot; 32:2'{iU7:9 feet ; com-
mink irraud panoramic marine, Fresidio. and city
views.
tsTATK OF 11ABIAN VAN NESS.
No. 1137 Florida street, east line, between 234
and 24th btreets; 2-story house and lot 26x100
feet. ..- -■■,;.
SHAN A HAN ESTATE.
Kos. 1410-10S Harrison street, between 10th and 11th
itr ft.,, two flats cf 6 and 5 rooms aud basement ; rents
|24 : lot 25x75 feet
THESE PROPERTIES MUST BE SOLD.
Terms and further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
ij 14 Moatgom?ry 8;, San Francisco.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN fiY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
ttbttran F«rrj. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN* RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:00, 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave . I . Arrive
San Francisco. • In Effect San Francisco.
October 16,
Week Sun- | IS9B. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pmj 9:3oam Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25am
5:10 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
. . QeyBerville,
3:3opm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00am L'kiah. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm j 6:22 pm
7:3oam S :ooam Sonoma 10:40am B:4oam
. and
s:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3") am 8:00 ami ' Sebastopol. 10:40 am 1 10:25 am
3:3opm s:oopm| 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs;, at Lytton for Lytton Springs*; at Gey-
serville for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland . Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and ' Bartlett
Springs; at L T ftiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes,' Laurel Deli Lake, Witter
Springs,' Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, .
John Day's, Riverside. Lieriey"s, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Boonevllle, Ore's
Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort , Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday, to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ; ; -
On Sundays round ' trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half 1 rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, > R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Pnlace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
.. : Run on the Following, Tlmei
Leave San FTanclaco.s:oo p. m., 8.M.T.W.T.F.9.
Arrive Denver........ 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City..7.00 a. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis.. «:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at ,Very Reason-
\- able Rates. ..: i,
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE | >V
IS You Travel on the Santa Fo.
SAX CISCO TICKTIFFICE— m MABKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520. "
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. - .
Sacramento Offioo— J Street
• - San Jose Office- 1 ? West Santa Olara St
"Suit tamalpais SCENIC RAILWiEY.
(Via bausmlito i'"erry.) ■"• *v-%V
Leave San Francisco, commencing 'Sunday,
Sept. 11,1898:;; _-- -. ■•_■-- : ■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. -
"Sundays— B:oo; 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley,. *l.
THOS. COOK St . SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, San Francisco.
TERRORS OF LA GRIPPE.
(From the Chicago Medical Era.)
"Many patients recover very slowly.
The lassitude and weakness calls for
something in the nature of a tonic, and
for this purpose I am satisfied that I
have found a preparation that answers
the purpose. I refer to Vin Marlani."
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
sol m»;it.\ culm COM AST.
(rAoirio aYsTKM. 1
Trains I«i%t« nail lire duo So nrrlve At
NAN FIUNCIOIW.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
kite — . Fsoh Oct. 9, 1898. — arbiti
' «6:00a Nile*. San Jose and Way Station*... *B:4Sa
7:00* Brnicia, Suisun and Sacramunto. . . . 10:45a '
T:O«a MarjsTille, OroTille and Bedding via
Woodland Bi43r
7:OOa Elmira, Vacarille and Ruicsey.. .... - Si43y
7:SOa Martlnei, San Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*.
• C'alittosa and Santa Koaa OllSr
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogtlen and Kaat.. Si«3*
llSttA .San Juae, Stockton, Valley Spring,
-' : lone, Sacramento, Marysrille, .
Chico, Tehama and Rert UlutT.... 4ilBr
3O a Stockton, Oakdale and Jameaiuwn. . 7 : 1 5
•«i3oa. Milton *7ll»F
9:«0.\ Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Meroed
andFre«no 1*:13»
OtOOA Freano, Bakersfleld, Santa lUrt>nra.
Los Angela, Deming, El Paso,
New Orleaus and Kust 6i43r
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mm.
tinez Bi43p
10:00 v Vallejo. Martinet and Way Stations ?:43r
•I xOOp Sacramento Hirer SteMiiers... •l»:OOp
liOOf Kilei. San Jose and Way Stations... 11:43*
.......San Joae, Nlles an.l Way Stations... ItfilSA
SiOOp Nilea. Tracy, Mnndota, Uanfurd and
Visali» 4«lBr
....... Lfrermore, San Jose, Kileaand Way
Stations Jl«il3a-
4iOOr Martinez, Han Itamon, Vallejo,
Napa, ('alifitnga, El verano and
nta Uoea »iI »A
4<oor Benfcia, Vacarille, Woodland,
Kniglits landing, MaryaTiUe, Oro-
Title and .Sacramento I»:4!»a
-4:»Op HariTarJs, Miles and San J05e...... 7:43a
5:OOp Ma^tin^z. Trier, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles.. Bi43a
StOOp Santa Fa Route. Atlantic Kxpreaa
forMoja»e aud 15«.it 6i43r-
.5>30p Nilea, Sau Jo-e. Tracy. Lathrop,
Merced and Freano ••
5:30p Stockton l*:l»p-
«!OOi- Knropeaii Mall, Ogde-i and Kaat..,. ' «:-3*
•«:O«p Va11ej0...........;.... :........ 1»:I»F
}7:00p Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
'- Hona J9t4B»
SiOSp Oregon Kirn-nxs, Sacramento, Marys-
■ tilir. ittitMiuK, Portland, l'uget
; Homiil mil Kant ...". 8:10a
SAN LKA.M)K(» AMU lIAVHAKDS LO( AL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
"I llelro»r. Seminar/ I'ark, f ,
8 OOa Fltrlibnra;, Klmliurst, V\^
»O;OOa Sau LeaHiiro, South Saai in^'-if
10. oik Leandro. Katodlllo, 12-«3p
♦*iJ : ««i ' Lorenro, Cherrj ■ tl ilsp
J ?n« M and J2:45p
2!Po£ wards. 5:15p
'•«»•* i Runt through, to Nile*. 1 7j43p
■ ) t From Niles. *■ \-
COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT «»uge). "^
(Foot ot Market Street.) - '■
8:13a Neirark.CenterTille,SanJose,Felton, - i
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Buttons StSOp
•2il3p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New ••■ .;;-/-.
Almaden, Falton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and . Principal Way
Stationa V ;. «JO:SOa
4:lSp Newark, San Jo*e and Los Gatoa... B:2Oa-
flli43p Hunters' Kxcurslon. San Jose and
Way SUtlors t7:2Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIH mKcisco— foot »f Mirk»t stri«t(SUp 8)— .
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.u.. il:03 *3:00 . t3:0»
♦4:00 tS:OO •6:00r.«. -
fr«mollllHD— Foot •rB/oi4w»T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
. 1 12:00 •1:00 13:03 ' i3:03i 3:03 ti:o3 *BMrji.
; COAST DIVISION (Broad tiaage)- -
(Third and Townsend St3.)
7iO«»a hau .lose ami Way tjUtious (New *
Alr>iadeu <Wednesda;s only) ltSOp
OiOOa Ran .line. Tens Finos, HkiiU Cms,
Taelllc (irovo, Paso Uubiea, San
l.iii» Oblipn, uuadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10*
IO:4Oa Kan .lone and Way 5tat10u5......... »S:OO»
11:UOa San Jose and Way Stations Bi3."U
•»:43r San Matfo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, .San .lose,
CHlrny, Holltater, Santa Cmi,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove .....:......... # IO:3O4
•S«8«p San Jose and Way Stations ■OsOOa
•4 :1 3 p San Jose aud Principal Way Stations 9*494
*3:OOp Jose and Principal Way Station* 6:33a
»:3Op San Jose aud Principal M'.iy Stations ."s:3i)p
6:HOr San Jo»: and Way Station* '.;..... 7:30r
t11:43p Sau Jose and Way 5uti0u5......... 7:ao?
A for Morning. ~~" , P for Afternoon, i '
• Sundays eicetited. t Sundays only.' ♦ SatnnUys only
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satuallto Ferry. ;.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALXET
AND SAN BAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— '9:30, 11:00 a. m. »1:45,
J:45. 6:15, •6:00, 6:30 p.. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— *S:OO, *10:00, *ll:30 a. m.: »1:15.
J:00, *4:30, 6:13 p. m. 1
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN -RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •6:35. 7:45, •3:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20, *3:45, 6:05 p. m. t
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— *8:00, "10:00. *11:56 a. ' m,i
•1:15, '3:10. 4:40, »«.-20 p. m. .;;
Trains marked start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:10 a. m.:
12:35, 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 . a. m. : 12:05, 1:20, .3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. . . • - i
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
■ stations. • '
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way eta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND : SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. '
From Oct. 10, 18»s, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound. {
Passen- Mixed. . Mixed.' Passen-
ger. . Sunday - r ' . . "•: Sunday • ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd : Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:20 am 9:25 am '.'Stockton' " : 1:45 pm 7:00
11:10 am 12:50 ..'*. Merced,:. 12:50pm s:l3pm,
12:*upm 4:15 pm . Fresno' »:3iam 3:45 pm
1:38 6:45 -•- Hanf ord - 7:45 am 2:40 pra
4:25 pm 11:59 pm -Bakersfle|d • 2:30 am 12:10 pnr
I:sBpm 7:Dopm > Visalia -■ -y 6:4oam 2:2opin
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboat* of
California • Navlsmtion and improvement - Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at < p. m. daily. :
excepting' Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. m.
dally. •'•:--.- '" --'•■->-•" ■ ■■;" -- •-■■ '-:•-• .~. - .
For stage connections see official time tabla
or inquire at Traffic Manager ■ Office, 831 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco.
1112
FAN FRANC'SCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock even' night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until »:30 o"clock.
»7 Hayes street; open until 9:*o o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
1261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleyenth ("treet; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-Second an* Kentucky
r t< -fis; . vt-n iinti! P o'clock.
CHI'KCH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 22) Sutter Ft., bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science Bible lessons, 11 a. m.
and 7:4.'. p. m. Subject, morning, "The Temple
Restored by Offerings from the People";
evening, "Probation After Death." Sunday
il for children, 11 a. m. Testimonial
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
are welcome.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St.,
near Webster— Service! to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m.
Ke\ F. B. Cherington D.D.. pastor, will
preach morning and evening. Morning sub-
ject: "Lead l*s Not Into Temptation, Bu!
Deliver I's From Evil." Last in series on the
■1. rd's Prayer." Evening subject: "The
Fruitful Hearer." Last in series on "Parable
ol the Sower." The public cordially invited.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church— Corner Hayes and Buchanan sis.
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Rev. A. C. Bane, the well known evan-
gelist, will preach at both services. Revival
services every afternoon and evening during
the week. Sunday school at 12:30 p. m.. C. B.
Perkins superintendent. Epworth League
meeting at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting,
Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock. The pubMc
ally Invited to all trie services of this
church." Seats free. Ushers in attendance.
THE Strangers Sabbath Home. Howard st.
Methodist episcopal Church, between Second
and Third sts— John A. I! Wilson. D.D.. pas-
tor. 11 a. m. subject: "The Finality of Apos-
tacy." 7:30 p m.: Popular song service. 8
p. fn.: Subject, "The Relative Importance of
Things Seen and Unseen." Special singers for
the day "Calvary," Miss LiUie Cheffries.
soprano soloist; "The Soft Southern Breeze,"
H. Bradley Smith, tenor soloist; Miss Estella
Jewell, ,i young singer of great promise.
Wednesday, 7:30 p. m., the Newman children
trio.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. MO
Port st Preaching 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
F. M. Sheehy. late of Boston, is an able
speaker, and' all Interested in the rest red
Gospel arc requested to come and hear him.
This churrh was organized in IS3O by com-
mand of God, in fulfillment of Rev. 14:6, 7.
All welcome. "Error" is venerable. Come
and hear the truth. C. A. Parkin.
THK First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Suh-
Ject: "Tho Son Is Preferred Above the An-
Kt>l." Services every Sunday in Yosemite
Hall. Native Sons' building. Mason St., bet.
Geary and Post. Take elevator.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD Lodge No. 7.
(Theosophical Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
Sl9 Market st. Lecture to-night, "The Im-
portance of the Present," Mrs. Mercie N.
Thirds; Tuesday night. "Reincarnation";
lay nisht. "The Power of Silence."
SOPHICAL Society— Public lecture to-
night at S o'clock, in Od.i Fellows' Hall, by
Chatterji (the Brahmacharin). Su
, munion of Saints." Admission free.
No colle'-t- • B m< ng I >r admission
of new members Monday at 4 p. in , in room
5. s.ime. building. Lotus circle for children,
Sunday, at 2:30 p. m.
SIXDAY .MEETINGS.
A TRUTH-SEEKERS' anti-f
meeting will be held in Scottish Hall, 105
I^arkn st.. to-day at Z p. in . ; addresses by
Messrs. William Eram'-tte Coleman, Bishop
A Beats, J. P. Loveland, T. R. Simpson.
Bishop Garrison. J. L. York and Mosdames
Addie 1.. Ballou, Katie Heussman, Eggert
Altkin, H. A. Griffin, Hendee-Rogers, Irer.e
Smith, Ladd-Finnican, Julia Schlessinger and
others. Professor and Madam Young, Miss
Roplna Rosin, the favorite contralto, will
sing: Mrs. Tully, pianist; admission free.
& lIETY Pr ----Occidental
Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister .-ns.. Sun-
day, October I*. at 7:3^ p. m. .Speaker. Mrs.
R. S. Lillie. Subject. "Popular and Mislead-
ing Views of the Supernatural." Admis-
sion 10c.
SUNDAY Platform Association— Dr. J. L. York
will speak at Scottish Hall, Larkin St., this
evening at S o'clock sharp on "Woman in
Politics, and What She Owes to the Church."
Don't miss it. Admission free.
im meeting. California Hall,
. and Eleventh sts. : 3 and 7:3'.' p. m. :
short address by Irene .°mith: tests by Mrs.
Ladd-Finegan; seats free; Mrs. Wier.
AT I>r. Rines' Spiritual Society, 909 Market; 11,
free; 2-8, 10c. Mrs. Barclay, Vlgers, GUling-
ham: all t-
■ iNN'S sittings daily. $1; clr-
Friday evenings, 25c. 641 Jessie st., off
nth.
MRS. EBERHARDT; convincing test; 8 p. m.;
Excelsior Hall. Mission, bt. I9th _ 20th; 10c.
TEST' r'" •» :"-r.!ilit; 2 oi'Mff" to «••» •
son; absolute proof of spirit return. 31! Eddy
MRS. IRENE SMITH'S spiritual meeting ;j-
night. 1261 Jefferson, Oakland; readings daily
MRS. SEAL, spiritual, business and healing
medium. i v Valencia St., near Fourteenth.
TEST meeting to-night; Mesdames Robinson
and Drew; Dr. Davis. 997 Market St.; free.
C. V. MILLER; ethereaUzlng. materializing se-
ance: 8 p. m. : 50c. 409 Leaven worth st.
TEST nesting at 2 & S p.m. ; 10c; 335 McAllister;
Stitt, Nita. Mrs. Bird, Hargrave. others.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test r'rele to-night
Ifie. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
OAKLAND— Mrs. Lillie speaks at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall Sunday morning, 11 o'clock.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120 Mc-
Allister St., flat 1; sittings daily.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewrlter.
x:" Ellis st.
MEETING NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222, I. O. <*_*_*_&.
O. F. — Initiation TO-MORROW -#_?_HS_£-
(MONDAY) EVENING. October
17. JAMES A. WILSON, N. G. •'iW^-
C. H. KORNBECK, R. S.
MEMBERS of Franco-American vt___|_>»-
Lodge No. 207. I. O. O. F., are
requested to attend the funeral : 'L.tWJLJ-
of ALOIS HIGEL, SUNDAY, at 'WHW"
1:30 p. m., from I. O. O. F. building, corner
Seventh and Market sts. By order of
P. CAMES, N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX, Secretary.
MACCABEES. San Francisco Hive No. 8. meets
FRIDAY EVENINGS, Stanford Hall. Alcazar
building.
THE twenty-sixth annual picnic of the County
Monaghan Club will be held at Shell Mound
Park. SUNDAY, October 23. Admission 25c,
children free. A good time assured all who
attend.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. '
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WANTED^Everybody t o~^eT^TH[E~~GREAT
RACE FOR SHERIFF, the candidates on
WATER BICYCLES. The race will take
place on Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock at the
terminus of Powell-st. cable cars, Bay and
Taylor sts.. North Beach.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake et., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to October 1, 1898:
Margaret Edwards. 1 year 10 months; Grace
Jarrett. 4 years: Esther Jarrett. 2 years; Rosa-
lind Chrlstensen, 11 years; Hazel Wood, 5
years 2 months; Lillian Crumrney, 1 year 5
months; Dora au Buchon, 7 years 9 months;
Ruth au Buchon, 3 years 1 month; Margaret
Anderson, 4 years; Esther Peterpen, 8 years;
Albertine Petersen, 4 years; Ruth Vanier, 9
years; Ada Vanier, 1 year 7 months; Eva
Rhoade. 7 years 9 months; Jennie Scott, 7
■^£rs 5 months; Mary Scott. 5 years S months;
Amelia Scott. 4 years 1 month; Venus Maur-
Tr.on, 11 years; Katie Kirkham. 13 yearß fi
months; Georgle Kirkham, 11 years; Jennie
Kirkham, 10 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel, 5580.
DR. IIACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght it.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d ft.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 60 (50c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
' TATION CO. will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st. . on and after
THURSDAY. October 20. 1898. Transfer books
will close on Friday, October 14. 189S. at 3
O'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
— hiteks.
ALL^typewrTters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph. Il5: Yost, $25;
get sample v-ork. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of Th» Call.- Subecrip-
t)">* and want ada taken. i
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAUt.
FIRST-CLASS cook, test references, wants
position in hotel or boarding-house, city or
short ways in country, $40 to $50. C, R.
} <AN SEN &. CO., 104 Geary st. Phone Grant
185. •__
COOKS, house girls, second and nurse girls
now on hand; orders filled promptly and with
care. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
Phone Grant I>>s.
LADIES!— If you want first-class help with the
best of city references, call at LEON AN-
DREWS, SX6 Stockton st.
PL _CE to do genera! housework In small Amer-'
lean family by American woman who Is a
good plain cook; wages $20 to $25. Address
C 12SS O-'Farrell st.
WANTED— A position as saleslady by respect-
able your.g lady from the East with reference.
A., box 510, Call office.
WANTED— A position by respectable lady from
the East as housekeeper in hotel or boarding-
house; has had 20 years' experience. Box
510. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by the day by neat, kind
little American woman, 32: very reliable; good
to children; could not do hard work. Box 609,
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER wishes position; principal
object, experience. Box 504, Call office.
COMPETENT woman, good cook and laun-
dress, lately from the East, neat and oblig-
ing, will go a short distance in the country;
has good references. 206 Fifth st.
RELIABLE woman, excellent cook and willing
to do downstairs work, would like a situation
in city or Alameda County; can give good
references. Address or call 123 Olive ave.,
bet. Polk and Van Ness. Call Monday.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, perfect fitter,
goes out at Jl 50 per day. Call or address
MRS. M. FLOHR, G6IB Minna st.
COMPETENT woman would like to take care
of young baby; is neat, willing and obliging;
good references. 522 Stockton st.
RELIABLE young woman wishes position to
do light housework; small family; Is good
rlain cook; no washing; flat preferred: wages
12; good reference. Address 253 Minna st.
NORTH German nurse desires situation: care
of children: assist upstairs work; plain sew-
ing; references; city or country; speaks Ger-
man correctly; wages no object; fare return.
368 Geary st.
RKSPECTABLE American woman wants situa-
tion as working housekeeper for family of
adults or grown children: city or country.
Address box 1099, Call office.
YOUNG German woman with a child wants
housekeeping or general housework: city or
country. 14 Rondel place, off Sixteenth St.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to work in
private family or work by the day and sleep
home. Call 206 Fifth st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good cutter
and fitter, wishes a few more engagements
by the day or week; prices to suit. Address
1906A Mission St.
COLORED woman wants work by the day,
washing, housecleaning. 12 Auburn St., be-
tween Mason and Taylor, Pacific and Jackson.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes housekeeping In
widower's family; references if required. Call
or address 3456 Twenty-fifth st.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and ironing
by the day: fl 50 n day. Address 3255 Twenty-
second et.. near Valencia.
GIRL cooking French and American style
would like pine" to cook, wait at table;
wages $25. 3414 Twenty-sixth St., nr. Valencia.
TOUNQ lady Wishes position as stenographer
and typewriter or to dn general office work.
ress 3329 Twenty-second st.
RELIABLE woman, good cook, will do the
housework for email family. 2124 Howard st.
SEAMSTRESS will take work home or go In
family: 75c per day. 272S Harrison st., nr. 24th
WOMAN with younf, child would like posi-
tion on ranch. Apply 17 Fourth St. between
12 and 3 Monday.
DRESSMAKER from the East; first-class cut-
ter and fitter: go out by the day; makes suit
in one day. J2 Octavia St.
RESPECTABLE young woman desires situa-
tion at second work and sewinf; city or
country. Call or address 915 Natoma St..
near Tenth.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
city references. 1022 Larkin st.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, wlshen
work by the day; wages $1 25. 1920 Fillmore.
YOUNG lady would like to get some kind of
work to do by the day. Call or address F.
<'.. 1422 Montgomery st.
■ to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
WANTED — By a young lady having experience
ar.d speaking both English and S; anlsh, a
situation in a candy store. Address X., 405
Jones st.
WANTED— A situation by an experienced cook;
city or country. Address 349»£ Minna St. r. 1.
WOMAN wishes position to do light housework.
Address 37 Ivy ave.
WANTED— A place by a respectable girl to
t«k>* care of a child. 6 Brady st.
FIRST-CLASS lady barber would like position;
wages. Address box 756, Call office.
BY refined, respectable woman with little girl 1
years old. position a9 working housekeeper.
Will call if desired, or apply at 22 Lily ave.,
between Gough and Franklin sts.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges: best references.
Address Q. C. 1226 Stockton St.
7 MARKET FT. -Branch office of Th« Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED- MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 80 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESi: and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay s^
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
beat help. 414Vi O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
YOUNG man, English, desires situation on pri-
vate place; understands the care of In and
outdoor plants; also good landscape gardener
and which plants need the most care in win-
ter; can take care of horses, etc.; very use-
ful about place. Address, at present, the
Wellington, 75 Third St., S. J\
WANTED— Situation In omall grocery, fruit or
cigar store, with a view of purchasing part or
entire interest; highest references. Address
box 503, Call office.
WOULD like position as salseman In art, crock-
ery, leather or fancy goods store. Address
box 5C5, Call office.
BOY of 19, living with parents, would like to
learn good trade. Box 1042, Call office.
FIRST - CLASS all-around blacksmith, also
handy woodworker's tools, wishes situation;
city or country- Call or address 432 Dupont.
HIGH School boy would like to work mornings,
evenings and Saturdays for his board and
room or small wages; experience as general
clerk, collector, ntc. ; very bright and willing.
Address box I*o6. Call office.
PAPKRHANGER. with tools, wants work at
once; piece wnrk or contract; painter, etc.
ANTOINE, 237 Shipley st.
SITUATION wanted by experienced salesman
in any line; no objection to go out of town,
or will take any honorable employment. Box
Ell. Call office.
FAITHFUL, sober man, who thoroughly un-
derstands horses, carriages and driving,
wants position In private family; can care for
farden or cows; references. Address O. H.
' 822 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by willing coachman or
work about private place; careful driver;
good references. Address box 513, Call office.
STEADY young man who has knowledge of
bookkeeping desires position In wholesale
house: advancement; wages no object. Box
E3O, Call office.
CANVASSING for wholesale and retail sta-
tlonerv business; have had some experience.
Address T. A. SIDDALL, 1516V4 Park st.,
Alameda.
CHINESE first-class cook, who will do wash-
ing, wlßhee a place; city or country; good
references. Address 703 Dupont at. ; telephone
Main 17S8.
CHINESE boy, good family cook, wants situa-
tion- small washing; housework; city, coun-
try, references. Call W. S. K., COOK _ CO.,
615ft Dupont Bt.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
AN industrious, reliable young German wants
work as gardener and general work about
private place: is very handy and willing to
make himself useful; can give references.
Box 571, Call office.
COACHMAN or general man wants place;
understands the proper care of fine hones,
carriage*), etc.: good gardener; single; r.»i(l
worker; best references. Address Coachman,
stable, 1217 California st.
W \XTED~*6ltuatlon as creamery man; handy
with engine and separator. Inquire of E.
CRANDELL. California Creamery, California
Market.
ENGINEER, youne German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assist-
ant, or in boiler room. Engineer, 22 Sacra-
mento st. ______^
YOUNG man. Junt graudated from High School
and business college, will work for low wages.
Address SS2 Fourteenth st.
JAPANESE, good waiter, wants situation at
hotel or boarding house and restaurant; city
or country- I. K., 1329 Pine st.
I CAN set type ; can also run a country news-
paper; I want a Job. Who haa one for me?
Box 792. Call office.
WANTED— By young man direct from Canada,
position as telegraph operator or salesman;
best of references. Addrees box 775* Call. |
THE SA2* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1898.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-Contlnned,^
YOUNG couple wish positions in city or coun-
try; man able to do all kinds of farm work,
milk rows, etc. ; wife able to do housework.
Address JOSEPH, 912 Folsom St.
AMERICAN married man. no children, intel-
ligent and capable, wishes situation as fore-
man on hay. grain or stock ranch, or will
take charge of country residence. Address
box 795, Call.
LITTLE hoy wants a good home and school-
ing in the country with a family without cnll-
dren. Apply 30 Mint ave.
A GOOD boy of 16, well brought up. who has
good mechanical and drawing talents, wishes
a situation; obliging and w1111ng.44 Diamond.
BAKER, foreman, wants position; is a good
stock yeast maker; cit- or country. Ad-
dress 4678 Minna St., upstairs.
Ml! 'hLE-AGED German wishes situation of
trust to attend office a few hours a day for
pastime; small wages; best references. Box
1434. Call office.
POSITION as bartender; experience. Box 1430,
Call office. ___
EN .INKER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762.
Call office. ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 2Sc to $1 50 night; $150 to $«
week; convenient and respertHble; free nui
end baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
4 WAITRESSES, city and country. $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait. $20: chambermaid, $15;
cook, lew boarders, $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St.
WANTED— A strong girl over 16 for generaV
housework in a small family; wages $X. Ap-
ply southeast corner Kelsey and Steuart sts.,
Berkeley.
FINISHERS on jackets. DAVIDSON A MIL-
LER, 731 Market St.
GIRL of 15 for light housework; 1 In family;
references. 968 Union st. __
TYPESETTER: Monday morning. 60« Market
street.
GIRL to assist in dressmaking; also an ap-
prentice. 688 Harrison st.
WANTED— A young lady partner for the vau-
deville stage by a professional. Address box
14' 2, ''all office.
WANTED— A working housekeeper (German).
Apply 55 Erie St., off Howard, bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth.
WANTED— Good lady canvassers. 1031 Market
St., room '.'.
WANTED— A neat young waitress. 6 Sacra-
mento st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on fine coats. 22 Stock-
t :i pl;i.-c, off Stockton St., near Post.
GIRL for general housework; references. 1115
Van Ness ave.
GERMAN girl for general housework: no cook-
ing; wages $12 to $14; rc-lerences. 1655 Post st.
GOOD finishers on pants; steady work. 272
r.s >n st.
WANTED— A g"od German girl for cooking and
genera] housework; good wages. Call Monday
at 3601 Clay St.
WANTED— Experienced operators in our white
and flannel shirt department STANDARD
SHIRT FACTORY, Gough and Grove sts.
SWEDISH or German K'irl for housework; 2 In
family; $15 per month. 2672 Pine sr
NEAT young girl, assist light housework:
sleep home. Apply this day. 740 Capp st.
SMALL girl for light housework. 617 Golden
Gate ave.
WANTED— First-class finishers on cloaks.*
Ratner Cloak Company. 933 Market st.
TWO German girls wanted, one for downstairs
work and cooking and one for upstairs and
care of grown children. Inquire 1130 O'Far-
rell st., bet 8 and 12 a. m. and 2 and 8 p. m. I
LADIES, do not fall to visit the largest and
best conducted dressmaking and millinery
school in America: we teach the celebrated
McDowell garment drafting machine, late
Improvement, that received the highest
awards and gold medals at all the fairs; our
system is used by the finest dressmakers in
Europe and America: in our millinery de-
partment we teach the making and trimming
of stylish hats and bonnets; patterns cut to
order 25c up. The McDowell Dressmaking
and Millinery School. 103 Post st.
$100,000 to loan: low Interest; private en.: gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris, IB Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands. 6 Eddy
St.. rooms 96 and 97.
COMPETENT stenographer and typewriter liv-
ing In San Francisco; one who is quick and
reliable at figures: salary moderate; apply in
own handwriting; state wages required. Box
' .'. Call oftlce.
YOUNG German girl for cooking and house-
work with good references; wages $25. Apply
at 2007 Devlsadero Ft., bet. 10 and 12 o'clock.
WANTED— girl general housework and
cooking: good wages. t>33 Halght st.
PRESSER wanted on ladies' cloaks. Apply to
L. HOROWITZ. 751 Market st.
WANTED— girl for light housework, 2
In family. 716 Franklin st. ,
— Operators on flannel overshlrt*: a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36>4 Fremont St.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position!
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN seeing at KEISTER'S: rood positions.
patterns We up. 118 McAllister Bt.
HELP WANTED— MALES.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READY,
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
— Want Monday
365 men for Arizona —
96 tie makers — - Sc to 12c each;
136 woodchoppers. for different places. $2 GO
and $1 cord; 26 farm hands, $26, $25. $20 and
found; sack tender. $1 50 day; 2 sack sewers,
S2 day: straw buck, $150 day: 1 hoe down,
$1 2.". day; 5 milkers, $20 and $25, found
36 laborers, different city Jobs, $1 75 day; 16
two-horse teamsters, city Jobs, $1 75 day; 66
post makers — — $1 50. $1 25 cord;
6 laborers for a ranch, no teaming, $26 and
found; 3 chore boys for ranches, $S and $10
and found
To the Great Railroads
264 teamsters, exceptionally good Jobs, $1 75
and $2 day; 184 laborers, exceptionally good
Jobs. $1 75 and $1 60 day.
_ Fare Paid on Railroad Work
Farmer and wife Monterey County;
12 laborers for a quarry— $26 and found;
12 men or strong boys to pull beans
2 boys to learn city trades $3 week;
1' Italian laborers, fare 15c, $26 and found;
In the Heart of the Gold Mines
84 teamsters and laborers, free fare, $1 75 day.
_ MURRAY & READY.
_ 634 and 636 Clay st. —
COOKS Butchers Waiters
Restaurant butcher, city $40 and found
Pork packer for a ranch |3t and found
3 restaurant cooks.. s3 week and $35 and found
3 hotel cooks $30 and $35 and found
7 dishwashers, different places
$25, $20 and $15 and found
2 waiter boys to team $15 and found
2 bed makers, lodging houses, city
Waiter, help tend bar, put up lunches
$25 and found
Cook for 2 men on a ranch $10 and found
WAITERS
AValter, city restaurant $40
3 restaurant waiters $8 and $3 week
4 hotel waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
MURRAY & READY,
.... 634 and 636 Clay st.
BARBER, country shop
Typewriter and bookkeeper
Groom and coachman, $25 and found, doctor's
residence, MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
HARNESS maker, $40 and found; blacksmith's
helper tor a reach, $2S and found. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
OFFICE open Monday morning 7 o'clock.
Wanted.
Teamsters, coast road Free fare.
Laborers and teamsters, mountain railroad—
6 4-horse teamsters, $26 and board; fare 2Bc;
2 ranch teamsters, $26 and board
: i:u!irrymen. steady job, (t a day;
4 tunnelmon $2 50 a day;
3 coal mlnprs. see boss here; flat vln.
C. K HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BLACK SMITH, $10 a week; Jaokscrewers and
crosHcutters, $30 and $2G; milker, $25; 2 wood-
i hoppers, $125 a cord; 5 men to grub land,
$25 an acre; 3 laborers, city, $1 and board; t
laborers. $1 50 a day: wagon painter, $26 and
board; ranch teamster, $5 a week: 3 boys.
$3 to $1 a week; young man to drive delivery
waKon, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
SECOND cook, $45; pantryman, $23; third cook.
$2f>: dishwasher and kitchenmen. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 10* Geary st.
WAITER, $40; waiter, country hotel, $30;
waiter Nevada. J3i; waiter, country hotel,
$2J. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
NIGHT cook. camp. $35. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRYMAN for an Institution, to hire his
own help, $100 and found. C. R. HANSEX _
CO., 104 Geary et.
LABORERS and rookmen for Skaguay Rail-
road' special reduced fare; further particu-
lars at our office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
ACTIVE solicitors wanted everywhere for
"The Story of the Philippines," by Murat
Halstead, commissioned by the Government
as Official Historian to the "War Depart-
ment. Tells all about the Philippines, Dewey
the man and Dewey the hero, with an official
history of our war with Spaip. Brimful orig-
inal pictures taken by Government photo-
graphers on the spot. Large book; low
prices; big profits. Agents making $."i0 to $300
a week; freight paid; credit given. Drop all
trashy, unofficial war books. Outfits free.
Address F. T. BARBER, Secretary. 356 Dear-
born St., Chicago. (
HELP '.YAKTED-Contlnned.
MANAGER— Good business manager with $1500
for San Francisco; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of an opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start: investi-
gate. NOVITA COMPANY, 73 Dearborn St.,
Chicago.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our illustrated catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C. ■
AGENTS, male or female, in every city and
town in the United States to sell the only re-
liable Marquis Hair Tonic. Address 1505
Market St., between Eleventh and Twelfth.
FIRST-CLASS operator on ladies' coats wanted
at A. CAILLEAUS, 4$ Geary st., corner
Grant ave.
WANTED— IO good men to learn a paying busi-
ness and travel. 1031 Market St.. room 9.
COAL miners Wanted by the TESLA COAL
CO., room 515, 328 Montgomery et.
Al OPERATORS. DAVIDSON & MILLER,
731 Market st.
SECOND cook wanted at 26 Turk st.
WANTED— Young man to help around garden,
US; this morning, 10 a. m. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
CABINET maker who understands French
polishing to work on show cases. 414 Market.
WANTED — Strong young man for poultry
ranch: must l>e sober and Industrious. Apply
JACOBS & OTTO, Eleventh and Railroad
aves., south.
EXPERIENCED dress ami men's furnishing
goods salesmen. Box 1407. Call office.
I' ANTED— Experienced boys' clothing sales-
man at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Furnishing man at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— An underpresser on cloaks. Ratner
Cloak Company, 933 Market st.
MAN to solicit: good position to right man.
1309 Broadway, room 1«. Oakland.
RESTAURANT butcher; call early. Apply 959
Market st.
T< i go to-day— Another lot, 200 pairs metfs
second-hand shoes, some nearly new, from 2.1c
to $1. 562 Mission St., bet. First ar.d Second
sts. ; open all day Sunday; call early.
WANTED— Ruptured people to wear Dr. Mar-
shall's coil spring elastic truss; lasts 5 years;
comfortable; holds worst cases; $2 50; no
spring around body. MARSHALL TRUSS
CO.. Brooklyn, N. Y.
TWO clothing salesmen wanted in San Fran-
cisco and one in each county in every State,
to take orders for our $5 to $10 made-to-meas-
ure suits and overcoats. Live men without
experience can make $150 per month. If you
can furnish satisfactory reference, we will
furnish a complete sample line and outfit,
and start you at work at once. For particu-
lars address AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS
CO., Enterprise building. Chicago.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
\ate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
WANTED— Reliable men and women In every
town to work for us; neat. Steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
send us your address and we will serul you
work immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co.. 142 West Twenty-third St., New
York City, room A.
BARBER, 8 years' experience, single, sober and
eteady, desires steady position in country
town, California. Nevada or Arizona; state
wages. Uox 790, Call office.
MAN for wine and liquor store in Alameda.
POSTEL BROS., 1331 Park :t.
WANTED— First-class woodcarver. FINK &
SCHINDLER. 1303 Market st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Bush St.. office No. 4, third floor.
BOY wanted In bakery, 142 Second St.; boy
with evperience preferred.
BARBEHS-$5O buys a 2-chair shop and cigar
Ftand; rent $5 month; plenty work for 1 man. ;
Ml Pine st. ■ j
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser. Apply 1520 Polk
street.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed $15. 1542 Market s^
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
."!'"• years, who are citizens of the United j
States, or those who have legally declared ;
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet S Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
SALESMEN— Mining, telephone and other
stocks : winning plan; millions in It. Address
G. 1. Inwr Oity lowa.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- |
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; te!. Jessie 1164. j
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a desirable
situation. Proprietor, 1304 Franklin. Oakland.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know j
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still I
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; IM> larg« |
rooms; 25c per eight: $1 to $3 per week.
MEN'P fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
Boleir.R. JSc; only r.ne price. 92.1 IT. ward St.
BARBKKS' Asß'n Free Employment Office. S.
FI'CHS. Sec. 325 Grant ave.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13SH Eighth et.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis st.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. h57 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: tl a wee'.c.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and Jl
week. Lindell House. Sixth »nd Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room:
free' 'bus and haggage t<i nn^ fi-nm the ferry.
AGEXTS WASTED.
FEW gond canvassers wanted: extra good
show. Room 14, 606 Montgomery s:.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe-
cialty: just In. Greater West Advertising &
Novelty Company. 1165V4 Washington Bt.. Oak-
land.
PARTNERS WANTED.
W ANTED— First-class sign and carriage paint-
er as partner for the best opening on this
(■••ast: must have some inonev. Address or
FURNITURE -WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: Bold on commission: reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED— Furnished house where parties ire
willing to board for rent with the privilege
c' Keiping a few other boarders, by respect-
able widow. 8., box 510. Call office.
IN Oakland: housekeeping room reasonable, ar
give services few hours daily In return for
rent. Address box 570, Call office, S. F.
TRUSTWORTHY lady, best references, will
take charge San Francisco residence during
absence of owners. Address M. G., Glenwood,
Cnl.
ItOOMS WANTED.
WANTBJD — 4 or 5 furnished rooms for house-
keeping In Mission warm belt. MRS. D., 309
San Jose ave.
VIOLINIST wishes a sunny room in refined
family in exchange for lessons. Box 512. Call.
2 SUNNY furnished rooms; housekeeping; state
price. Box 523, Call office.
ELDERLY widow desires 2 unfurnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping. Box 770. Call.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To lease small farm of 15 or 30
arrrs near Ran Francisco, with hou?e, stable,
water, etc.; near creek preferred; state price
and location. C. E. PIODA, 942 Powell St..
corner Clay, San Francisco.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
ONE 5x7 or 6VixB',4 hand camera; reversible
back, Premo Fpeclal preferred. Box 570, Call.
WANTED— To adopt a young female Infant;
good home. Apply at once at 534 Mission st.
WANTED— Tod buggy: must be In good repair
and cheap. Corner Twenty-fourth and Church
*ts.. 'at grocery.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and mngic lantern appa-
ratus: s.-ronH-hand. 109 Montgntr.ery st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market St., room 7.
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law,
40 Montgomery St., room 16.
L.. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
\V. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— 73 and 52 acres of grain and pas-
ture land; small orchard; 12 rr.iles from Oak-
land: good Improvements; fenced and cross
fenced; plenty of water. Apply GEORGE
SANDOW. room 18. 420 California Bt
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery ' n life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance: perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor people
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Pofit st.
I DO not locate mines or reveal hidden treas-
ures or give the lucky numbers in lotteries,
but I do give as good reading of cards as any-
one for 25 cents. 221 Sixth st.
MME. ANGUS, palmistry and clairvoyant; card
reading: truth or no pay; 25c. 324*4 Seventh.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MRS. JEPSON tells past, present, future; L.
50c; G. $1. 775 22d, bet. West & Brush, Oaklnd.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader; la-
dles 25c, gen's We. 951 Mission St., nr. Sixth.
MME. LEXEMAR. fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted overdue steamer in 1574. 23^ Sixth st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BATTMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell at.
BPIKITIALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. trance, test
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant;
treats private and chronic diseases, no matter
from what cause or how long standing, with
revealed remedies; diagnosis free; sittings $1.
282 Stockton st.
MAT'D FOSTER, medium and astrologlst; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at ? p. m. ; has
removed from 34 Sixth St.. to 28 Sixth St..
rooms 2 and 3.
MRS ETLTS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Man., S. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writinr me-
dium. US Halght st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FEW snaps for this week only:
Marshall & Wendell upright, rosewood
case ♦"'
Neuman upright, rosewood case, fine
shape 162
Bradford upright, rosewood case, fine
shape *'°
Baus upright, walnut case, nearly new.... 189
Boothe upright, walnut care, nearly new.. 198
Sterling upright, walnut case, nearly new. 2R.i
Steck upright, oak case, nearly new 3»5
All guaranteed 5 years: stool and cover In-
cluded. BBNJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16. IS, 20
O'Farrell st., sole agents for Chickeringr and
other pianos.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for f«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
game as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Us.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
HARDMAN Agency— Another carlond opened
up Monday morning: see the beautiful Instru-
ments; none better in the world; their dura-
bility !s phenomenal; perfectly new: one case
damaged In shipping at a snap bargain for
cash: an organ, 80. THE J. DEWING CO.,
id floor Flood building.
BSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'9,
26 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DECKER & RON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low MAUVAIP. 769 Market St.
A L\RGE shipment of the finest pianos that
ever came to this coast JUFt arrived: call and
see GARDNER A GLASSELL. 216 Post St.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Brlges an-1 other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
FOR sale— Reasonable, small upright piano;
rosewood case; good condition; French make.
Box BS3. Call office.
$60— UPRIGHT piano: good tune; for sale on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
$90 — Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmitz.
16 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank.
AN elegant Pteinway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFK'S. 10?l 'an Ness ave.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights. 175 ap;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KKAPE pianos; new Fcale: new : -yles. KOH-
LER A- PHASE. 30 O'Farrel! Bt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLF.R. maker, repairer. 2 Lfltham place.
S3i> HAYES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HORSES.
HANDSOME team of standard bred mares;
ElPction^er-Nutwond stock; blood bays, with
black p.-iints: 5 and 6 years old: over 16 hands
and over 1100 pounds: sound and gentle:
I r ken single, double and to saddle: price
i?.tfl, to effect immediate sale; can be seen at
347 Fremont st., and trial given.
60 HORSES of ever}' dr criptlon at Emporium
Sal.syards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORFEF for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUPT arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental '<al"vnrds.72l Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BUGGY and harness in good condition; cheap.
Apply 3027 Sacramento st.
1-MAN rubber-tire road buggy, bike sulky and
village cart. 500 Golden Gate ave.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Lnrkln. opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR sale at a bargain one very fine oak writ-
ing desk, one domestic sewing machine In
fine order- also walnut extension table; also
several chairs. Call 62S Valencia St., except
Sunday.
PURE-BRED English pointer dog: well trained;
2H years old. Box IMS, Call office.
A fine Martin concert size guitar for $23.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
FOR sale — Six-horse power Zenith gas engine
nearly new. Apply at 519 Mission st.
ALMOST new Hammond typewriter; universal
or shift keyboard. Box 1410, Call office.
NO. 7 Winthrop range, hand organ and bed-
room set. 700 Eddy st.
FOR sale— Fresh family cow. Call 232 Dun-
can st. '
BELL or rent, combination billiard and pool
table, piano; reasonable. Box 506, Call office.
NEW and second-hand 2 and 5 stamp mills,
boilers and engines, Irrigating and draining,
dredging and mining pumps. KROGH MAN-
UFACTURING CO., 11 Stevenson st.
GREAT Dane pups; good pedigree; sire. Blin-
ker Murphy; dam, Queen R; ■ prize winners
1898. Cigar store, 329 Montgomery st. r,---?
ESTABLISHED physician's oractice near San
Francisco: reasonable; good location. Inquire
NAGLE. 632 Market st. . __
VERY elegant circular cape; latest modei tfom
Europe; fawn cloth, lined rich silk; never
worn; a bargain: $50: worth double. Room
11, Delaware House. 1421 Market St.. 2 to 5.
BOILERS, engines, . 2d-hand machinery. - Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St., above
Sixth.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. ■ 516 . Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dtzen:
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi. 938-952 Market.
J. K. FOOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material.- 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
339 HAYES ST.— Branch office of | The . Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ...
~~~ SEWING MACHINES. *~ —
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
ehej.p: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission bt.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired; bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
; repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. . ■ .
BICYCLES. :
SECOND-HAND bicycles . from $9 . - up; new
IST? high ] grade $100 bicycles for $29; new
tires, 2; new pedals $1 25 a pair; repairing.
JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folsota su. ■
PERSONALS.
! YOUNG man, good character, wishes acquaint-
ance of lady or widow; object, matrimony.
Address box 507, Call office.
WEALTHY WIDOWER. $75,000 and prosperous
business; no incumbrances; will cherish gra-
cious, sensible wife. Broker. 135 East Sixty-
fifth St., New York.
LEDERER'S Quinonia is the tonic that will
prevent the hair falling out; 35c bottle, C*.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
LEDEKER always dresses your hair correctly;
25c only; hair restored to its natural color,
$1 50 up; good switches, $1; finest, $3 si>; extra,
$5; open Sunday 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111
Stockton st.
WIVES
MOTHERS
Send self -addressed envelope and I'll tell you
how to cure drunkenness without the patient's
knowledge; don't ac-nd money. MRS. MAY
HAWKINS, Grand Raplda, Mich.; lock box
131 D.
ASTROLOGY employment— s2s weekly earned
giving readings at home or by mail; send your
birth date for free horoscope and instructions;
simple method. Address PROF. AEOLIS.
Philadelphia, Pa.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs. Bilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WALLACE'S system of dresscutting taught at
419 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
INFORMATION wanted of EVELYN AUSTIN
or ELUE EVBNSON. C. D. FOLGER. 539
California st.
MAGNETISM is the life of the physical; It
cures sleepleFsness. melancholia or any dis-
ease that is curable; Instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth-
marks and their prevention; the power of
thought and its effects; philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing: can heal from a distance. J. W.
BROWN, magnetic healer. 1362 Grove St..
Oakland. ■ ,
MANUFACTURER'S stock. 850 beautiful' col-
ored pictures, 10x14 inches, mounted on g.ass
with brass chain arcund for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each: sold everywhere for 3ac.
JONES. 547 Miesion St.. bet. Ist and 2d^
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
-scription to Men and Matters, New Orleans,
La. ; regular price, $1 per year.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 2<">o rooms.
25c to $1 50 per nlcht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus atfti bagpage to and fram the ferry.
PI 'ITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FT.'NKE. 1416 Sth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MATRIMONY.
ALL seeking marriage call or send 12c for Oc-
tober marriage paper; sure success; no $5 fee.
Address Wedding Bell, 111 Ellis st«., San
Francisco. Cal.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN^FRANCISCO Ladi-s' French "~at\ortns;
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GO. )STEIN— EI ant stylish dresses 15
up: dresses mage iver. .'• ">l<V- «t . rm. 14-15.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, tvping, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life sex. larship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry.Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way. Berkeley; write for circular.
PROFESSOR FILLBERRY, teacher of violin,
mandolin, guitar, banjo, cello, zither. 217
Geary st.
ENGINEERING School <vil. electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.:
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
SPANISH school, dally lessons $3 a month; 4
to 9 p. m. Room 10. Y. M. C. A. building.
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER, 526
Turk St., between Larkln and Polk.
LAW schools, 927 Market St.. city. 906 Broad-
way. Oakland : day and night.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocp.l
instructions; correct. natural method. 93o Bush.
ELOCUTION and oratorv; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experienf Press Club bidg., 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— VinIn. "'-no, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MIPSFS LANE. 30*1 24th 9t^_
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught ; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bidg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
$ion.noo to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
olrv UN<'T.F HARRIS. I.' Grant ave.
LOST.
GOLD watch, on Market or Kearny sts. marked
A. F. on case. Return to 704 Hayes st. and
receive reward.
BRINDLE and white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn to 41 Whitney st. and receive reward.
DIAMOND ring. Return to 940 Van Ness ave. ;
receive liberal reward; no questions asked.
MEMORANDUM book containing receipts, etc.
Return to A. JOSEPHPON, 44 Hara st.
OLD gold, diamonds and wedding presents
bought at UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave.
LOST — Old red Irish setter doc Return to
?425 Steiner St.. near Ellis: liberal reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaqufh Valley Railroad.
Issued to A. G. RUSS. has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. Q. RIJS3. 201 Montgomery ft.
FOUND.
$100,000 to loan ladies on their diamonds and
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills. $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. .Pavies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122S Market
st:; pills, $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules . are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects;, taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive? price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant ave., S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules* $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known', ladies' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, Chlchrster's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mail: at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phila.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities irom what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHI,. 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
ave. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DR. C. O. WISE, the ladles' specialist. Office.
1148 Market st., opp. 6th nearly. Cut this out.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home in confinement. IPS Second st. ■■•:-".■
$100,000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware: private
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Orant ave.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning- Works—
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth it.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you ' acome disgusted with poor work
send ta SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating " orks. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; Maid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. . Mission 74.
C >NKLIN'S Carpet-beating "Works. 333 Golden
■ Gate ave. ; tel. East 128. .
ADVANCE Cnrpet-cleanln* Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
■--' Main 394. QEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
STORAGE. ;
PIERCE- RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
: office .Tenth and Market; telephone South 166!
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SI4OO— SALOON and 13 furnished rooms: cen-
tral; prominent corner; clears $300 monthly;
best known place in city. KKLDO _ CO.,
224 Geary st.
A-SISOO^PARTNER; light mfg business; salary
$100; must be business man. K.Hh,uu ic CO.,
_"_'•_ Geary *t. ___ |
A— FINE corner grocery and bar at Mission;
$350 will take it this week only; $10 to $lo
daily. KREDO & CO., 22' /2 Geary st.
240-ACRE ranch, 10-room house, good bam,
outbuildings, horses, cows, hogs, cluck *is,
wagons and farming tools; will be sold at a
bargain to settle estate; call at our office and
see what grows on place. RAND. 91 1 .MarKet.
A— WE have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Busines j yrjmt a\e.
1500— CORNER grocery and bar on account of
death in the iamily. McLALGHLIN & CO..
777 .Market :-t.
$800— FOR sale, the oldest and best-etiuii; -d
real estate olHce and business in OaJUana,
sold at one time for $5000 cash; sub-rents
more than pay all expenses; the present owner
has an entrapment in Honolulu. AppiJ M
once to W F. OBANION. 002 Broadway.
A GOOD Chance— $350; branch bakery, confec-
tioner-.-, candy, notions, cigars, laundry oiflce.
fine sunny living rooms; low rent; fullest in-
vestigation allowed. Box 502, Call otnee.
$1500 INTEREST in wh- 1 ■■■ $~ 5 salary,
two-thirds cash; balance one-halt" salary until
paid; must be quick; party leaving city.
Addrebs box 515, Call offii e. ____
HAVE purchasers for coffee house, branch
bakery, grocery and all kinds of business;
have list of Kood business for sale. EITEL.
1016 Market St.
| BAKERY— OId established: doing good busi-
ness; i^ood location; excellent chance for the
risht party. Apply S\V. corner of Mason and
Chestnut sts
WANTED — Grocery with saloon north of Mar-
ket st.. worth JKifin, in exchange for valuable
mine stock. Address box 666, ('all of flee.
SALOON at a sacrifice on city front opposite
ferries; on account of Immediate departure
fir Europe. Apply 23 East St., near Clay.
DRUG store for sale; splendid location; new
st.ick.i a bargain; excellent place for a doctor.
Address box 567, Call office.
t.atw partner in restaurant, more for com-
panionship; small capital; references ex-
changed. 118 Sixth st.
FOR sale cheap, a first-class candy store
across the bay. Address box 565. Call office.
WANTED— Grocery store with or withjut bar;
state price and location. Box 568. Call office.
MAN with $50 Wi uld like to hear at some bu.-i-
that would insure living. Box 1043. Call.
WELL-PAYING dyeing and cleaning establish-
ment; cheap account of departure. 14i> i Inru.
$250— PARTNER; man or k-dy cashier, $50
month and board. 605 Clay St.
GOOD saloon for sale cheap on account of sick-
ness. Box 14 5, Call <">f fi £ e _-___ ,
GOOD shoe business for sale cheap. 4102 Nine-
teenth St., near Castro. •
$110— BRANCH bakery and variety store : 3
rooms; cheap rent; pays well: must be sold
to-day on account of unexpected departure;
offer wanted. National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
A— WANTED, to buy one-half interest in mfg.
business. National Business Agency, 7 Grant.
A- PAYING delicacy store: 3 living rooms;
cheap rent; well fitted up; selling account
sickness. National Business Ex.. 7 Grant av.
$200— PARTNER wanted; light genteel cash
business: last 15 years cleared $75 a month 'o
each; big chance to increase; must have help.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant ave.
$ISO— CIGAR stand; half block n^rth of Market
st.; good location; cheap rent
value. JONES & SEARLL, 563 Market st.
J2.-.G— PAINT and paper hanger shop; v.
Addition; horse and wagon; complete outfit;
5 rooms furnished. JONES & SEARLL. 565
Market st.
$225—16 FURNISHED rooms; 1 block from Mar-
ket st.; rooms all rented; good location.
JONES & SEARLL. 565 Market st.
AT A SACRIFICE— One of the best located res-
taurants in Oakland; has been run by the
present owners for nine years: clears $250 per
month; first-class trade: owners retiring en
account of other business in S. F. For par-
ticulars address J. K.. box 9. Call. Oakland.
A PAPER route to buy or lease. Address with
particulars and price, C. J. \V., 210;. Taylor.
$273 — BARGAIN; grocery and bar; neatly fitted
and" stocked: living rooms; good corner.
WICHMAN & CO., 320 Clay St.
$22r.O — GOOD paylnit s«I»«n; flno location. Ap-
p'y P. D. CULVER, room 23, fifth floor. Mills
building. __^_
$IC<J,OOO to loan on sealskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
GOOD paying country restaurant for sale. Ap-
ply Call office.
COAL yard; splendid location. Address box 777.
Call Office. ■
PARTNER wanted who understands cooking,
-in oyster and delicacy parlor; week's trial
given; good prospects. Apply Call office.
PAINTING, whitening and paperhanging busi-
ness in center of city; stock, tools, etc. Ap-
ply to C. J. BARRON, 1217 Market st.
FOR First-class saloon one block from
Baldwin Hotel. Apply KW. corner of Powell
and O"Farrell st. ■ ■
BARBE.R shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give
trial. Box 756, Call office.
FOR sale— route at San Joe«. For par-
ticulars apply, at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
spices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-109 Beale st. -
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one "ear "or $1 50, postags
paid.
LODGING HOUSES FOK svLt.
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary st.
Money Advanced on all Houses.
105 rooms; best in city $4000
23 rooms; Fifth st. ; clears $70 600
16 rooms; Second st. ; rent only $30 450
16 rooms; boarding; no rent 1000
IS rooms; Van Ness: elegant 1500
12 rooms; Market: clears $50 601)
11 rooms; new and elegant; O'Farrell... 750
10 rooms; Powell; a snap at 500
A—llA — 11 ROOMS; fine residence, elegantly fur-
nished; clears $60; best location in city; ruust
be sold; make offer. KREDO & CO., 224
Geary st.
A— s">oo; 10 ROOMS; corner bay-window; coziest
little transient house: near theaters; $350 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO., 22 1 ? Geary st.
18-ROOM CORNER
BAY WINDOW
OWNER SICK
MUST SELL. OFFER WANTED
NORTH OF MARKET ST
$656';' clears $150 31 rooms
$450; worth $1000; a snap 14 rooms
$300 house 10 rooms
$3500; corner house; clears $300 32 rooms
IS- room house on Sixth st KM
25 rooms: punny corner 1100
15-room house ; clears $100 500
21-room house; central; clears $15« 500
32-room house; best in city inoo
12-ro.om house; worth $800 300
15-room house; on Sutter st 4.",i>
24-room house; clears $150 1400
2C-room house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— ROOMS on OTarrell St.; clears $75
month: all new furniture; snap
48 rooms; north of Market St.: fine $1200
76 rooms; select; transient; corner 3500
18 rooms; rent $30 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears {125.... ir>o
10 rooms; all new furniture • 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms $175118 rooms; fine $350
16 rooms 250120 rooms; snap..... 600
S7 rooms. 700*50 rooms 1250
National Business Agency. 7 Grant ave.
LODGING house to let. on a main street, with
28 rooms and bath: with stationary wash-
stands in every room; rent only $60; furniture
for sale if desired at $400. Apply to C. S.
CAPP & CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market.
LIST of best paying lodging-houses in the city.
If you wish to buy or sell call at 1016 Market.
FOR sale, 11 furnished rooms, all full; pays
$20 a month over rent. Inquire at 127 Second.
LARGE hotel, furniture and lot, must be sold;
only $1400. Call 256 Third st.
FOR SALE— Lodging house on Second St.; 30
rooms, all sunny; cheap rent. Apply at 124
Second st. • - ■ ■
LODGING house 14 rooms; all full; rent $20 118
Leldesdorf st; call 739 Folsom.
WANTED— rooming house; central loca-
tion; cheap for cash; no agents. Box 753. Call.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
$100,000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low Inter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave..
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
Fin.MTIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of flnely~furnishedliouse 7 rooms
for sale; 4 rooms rented; very reasonable.
131.' l.arkln st. ■ * . - ; -
- _ PHYSICIANS. "
DR .a C C »V C - O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1.96 Market; diseases of women a 'specialty.CITY REAL ESTATE.
H ITMESEN S
AGENTS,
14 Montgomery st.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS RESIDENTK LOTS.
■  whole or in subdivisions
BC6 EINER OX PACIFIC ST.
and tot, 45x60; a good place
ment; h uses could be con-
- at small outlay.
MIS': BE BOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
: roams; house alone
could bp converted into flats
within a few blocks of
I
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
S rt*.; 2 frontages; 5
i r month; both street* ao-
ch ptt J; 26x75.
MISSION WARM BELT.
lhle otter refused; 3 flats:
Bxtls; only
half a block Cron Market and SancheK sts.;
abi^ut to leave for Em •
TWO FLATS <HFAP.
$C- Pacific st.; rents $312 per annum; 2 flats
:i>oms and bath each; business lo-
could be raised and store put un-
A GOOD INVKSTMENT.
$8600— Langton St.; rents $396 per annum; 4
flats "t 7. 5, 3 ana 3 rooms; 25x73; street ac-
■ nth an.l Howard sts.
CHEAP MISSION COTTAGE.
cottage an.l lot 26x76, irregu-
lar: h and Eighteenth-st. car
lines; exceptionally easy terms.
A BARGAIN ON PACIFIC ST.
3-story hoi - md bath and
its S-TG per annum; this Is a bargain.
CORNER ON FIRST AVE.
■ 1 lot for drug-
Btore or Brst-class grocery Btore-; easy terms.
BUSINESS CORNER LOT— BARGAIN.
r "3xl l'J (irregular), a half block
from Mission st.
A BEAUTIFUL LOT.
$900 — Commands fine panoramic views of al-
the entire city; Park Hill; 26:10x134:9,
irregular.
Call and obtain me of our "Real Estate Rec-
which contains a list of properties for
Bale in ail parts of the city.
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
RICHMOND LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS.
Seventh, Eichth and Ninth aves and C st. -
level lota for building; on line of Geary, Mi-
Rts. and Sutro line; lota
$2S cash, $18 c- r
month; interest at 7 per cent. Further par-
at our office. G. H. UMUSEN &
CO., 14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTI
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
Hush Ft., near Powell: house of 16 rooms;
••. furnished; splendid 1 •
U7:6; price $10,000. This property must be sold;
an offer wanted.
ONLY $3500.
Seven-room house on Sacramento st., near
I.»aven worth; must be sold at once; terms
House of 7 rooms, on Tehama St., near Sec-
lot 25x80; cheap: $3000.
CHEAP RICHMOND COTTAGE.
5750; reduced from $]' ■ hard finish;
.irs old; lot 25x120; this is a -
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
$Qfl0 — Cheap lnts near the Park panhandle; De
ave., near Waller. 25x!
$:025— Lots on Frederick st ; 25x137:6.
■L-it on Belvedere st., near Waller;
-Fine lot near entrance to Park; 25x107.
-Pacific Heights lot; 42:6x10.; view.
-Scott and McAllister sts.
■26:3x110; Devisa.lero st.. near Broadway.
for cur Hat of Presidio Heights lots;
11400 up.
3SION LOTS.
ne level lots on hltuminized
the cheapest lots in the Mission; on
all frontages.
McAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS.,
V Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
JOHN PFORK removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
Eite Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
formerly $9000; rent $To— Fillmore st.,
one and a half blocks from Market; 4 fine flats;
:'rom $33,000— A splendid prop-
erty «.n a business street a few blocks north
from the new City Hall; stores and flats; lot
t.rlce.
. i ter at.; «-
■ ly-window house ; lot 3TXIOO.
A solid business prop-
2-story Jtni bisetnent brick house, on
just west of Third; lot 20x75; rent
-Lot near Tenth. Market and Stevenson
4 rooms and lot 25x100;
it*. ; near car line.
IK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
r - 4 splendid flats on Fell st..
. ave. ; lot 37:6x137:6.
ndid cottar; Oak st., near Lyon;
;.irk janhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
un Kearny st., near
Mark-' - 'ing at tr>2st r >25 per month;
nearly fi per cent ne) ground rent.
163,000— Splendid property on Market st.. only
.win.
■ . near Market; large lot;
■■■.ell Improvt . '
ME PROPERTY.
,n Geary St., near Dev-
■ J47; store and two flats; Geary St.,
double flats near Sixth and
BARGAINS AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S.
$500— A Kearny-st. lot; 2"xS7 feet.
$850— A Treat-ave. lot; 2^x122 feet.
$?Co— Cottage and lot; 30sS5 feet; block from
17th and Market.
JISC0 — Cozy cottage (Mission); lot 25x114 feet.
$ir.OG— Lot 35x100; Caßtro.
$1500— Cozy cottage and large lot; near Dolo-
res st.
$20C o— Franklin ?t. ; large lot.
$2000— Cozy cottage and lot; near Castro and
18th st.
$2500— •tor st. neat house and lot.
isr,rift_6 flats: rents ICO.
JSOOO— Mason St.; 60x137:6, with good house.
Cheap— ;21,0f | 0; 103x55-foot lot. with flats and
stores; 4 blocks from City Hall; rents $140 for ',
Improved part.
$40,000— Eddy st : elegant new improvements:
100-font front; rents $300 net.
$60,000— Corner. 175x137:6 feet, with good Im-
provements; block from Market st.
$30 000 — O rand corner Investment: within
block of .«ixth and Market; modern 5-story
building ronted for $600; lot 75-foot front.
$15S.OTiO— Market st., near Baldwin; 50x165 feet;
double front.
$125, ooo— Market Pt. : wholesale district; grand
Improvements; only one-half cash; lot 45x135
fef t ; pays i per cent net.
$130 000— Grand corner; 180-foot frontage; ele-
rant 4-Story modern building, renting for $500.
A. M. SPECK * CO.,
602 Market^ st.
HOOKER & LENT .11 POST ST
NEAR SUTTER AND DEVISADERO.
$5500—2 fine 6-room modern flats, renting for
$47 CO; 3 years old; key lot; plenty of light and
sun.
FINE BUILDING LOTS.
$50 cash. $10 per month.
READY FOR BUILDING.
Lots en L.'ik«>. Eighteenth and Nineteenth
avee. ; full size, with marine view; water pipes
In.
ABHBURT HEIGHTS.
1300 cash, balance easy.
Corner Clayton and Frederick.
Ready for building.
Splendid view.
Cars to the door.
HOOKER & LENT.
— i . i .
UNLESS you visit Buena Vista Park, sur-
rounded by Buena Vista ave. and Halght St.,
you will never elsewhere witness, or even
imagine such panoramic beauty of land, ma-
rine and urban view as can be obtained from
those corner lots now offered for sale at the
corner of Buena Vista ave., S Broderlck and
Ridley Etl , two blocks south from the corner
of HaiKht and Baker sU. C. FARNUM, 305 ;
Parrott building.
A— ssooo; SW. corner Twenty-second and Flor-
ida ita.; lot 60x104; store and 3 flats: room to
build; present rent $44; mortgage $3600, at ihi
P«r cent, can ■ aid.
t. $3000— Make offer; 68 and «0 Tehama st., near
Second; 4 flats; lot 25xSO.
W. H. CRIM & CO., US Montgomery st.
$;rm— FIN'R 5-room cottage, with bath; this
place cost $3500; must now be sold under fore-
closure; can arrange good mortgage on the
place. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montomery st.
FOR SALE— O-room bay- window cottage, 12- \
toot basement, with modern Improvements; ;
lot 25x140 feet; cars pass the door; one-quar- !
ter cash; balance In 10 years. Apply 241
Chenery st.
$2200— NEARLY new cottage. 6 rooms; lot 28x
ISO; near Market and Seventeenth sts. Ad-
dress It., box in, Call office.
$3"/)— BEAUTIFUL, level corner, 50x150: near
electric cars; Lakevl^w. Address It., box IH.
Call office.
VILL build 4-room. bay-window cottage;
hard fin!, i.f 1. GEO. M BALBBUBT, builder.
021 K st.. Suns«t District
BARGAIN- Make offer; a new 8-room houee
and furniture: STjIO Caetro st. ; addition San
Mateo electric linn.
E V) rooms: good condition; lot 26
x7f>; Inalde I-.irkin and Sutter sts. ; a snap.
<"a!l tor particulars, J. W. WRIGHT & CO.
Market st.
HOUSE and^lot for sale in Mill Valley. Ad-
piy box 608, Call offlce.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSB. 626 Market st.
$7500— McAllister Bt.. near FiUmore: two large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$4500 — Bush st., near Devisadero: 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$3000— flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $33 per month; lot 22xS0.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont ave.. near Fred-
erick st.; 5 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit.
$2900— Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot. Twenty-first St.. near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster st., near McAllister: 6 rooms
and bath and rear house: lot 25x54:6.
$3500— Two cottages: Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
' Hyde, near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60; only
$2500.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia st.«. 1 block
off Market; 37:GxlOO; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.: 37:6x107:7. , „.»„
60 vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000,
137:t-,x137:6. „ inn
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52xiou.
$2750— ClaY st.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:3.
$4000— Ritch St.. near Third and *olsom, two
lots; 50x80; cheap. .
$2600— rage, near Devisadero; 2axl37:t>. ,
$21*0— Twenty-first St., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750— Union st., near Webster; 23x100.
$1250— Sixteenth st.. near Castro; ...xii'i.
$1000— Seventh ave., near J st.; 25x1.0.
JlSoo— North Bide Golden Gate ave., near Cen-
tral ave.; 26*110. „. .
$10(i0— Jersey st., near Noe; 20x114 - „„
C^ lf M %^ SO^ r & Se^RKT-62 BJM^r8 J M^rk e f° g t.
O. F. VON KHUN & CO.. 5u Californla Bt> \
IMPROVED. ,•■*■■••
Montgomery ave.. through to W ashlngton
st.; brick improvements: rents SIW. ___, ln t,.
$12,000— Leavenworth and Greenwich,
137:6x137:6, with house. „„,,—«
-jaclison. near Taylor; 22 :11xi.:6.
Hayes, near Steiner; 2oxb2:b; flats; rent
$42 50
$10 Corner Dupont and Hinckley; 20x57:6;
■tore and lodging-house; rents $SO.
$6500— Ellis, near Buchanan; 25.9x60, flats,
I rents $55 50. near Vallejo; 21x67^9.
$6250-Powell. near allejo: 21x67^?. !
$£500— California, near Baker: 25x77:7%; 2 flats;
""^kiv, near Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
- a Grien? l near Powell; J4:3x63:9; flat*.; rents
Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$3750— Guerrero, nr. 17th; 25x80; flats.
$3500— Clara, nr. »th; 25XS0.
j^oo- 2,sth, nr. Sanchez; 25:8x114; cottage.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage ana
stable. ,««w«r.r.
UNIMPROVED. .
$Hoo— Filbert, nr. Varennes, 11:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th; 25x125.
BE corner Polk and Lombard; 80x71:10.
Scott nr. Washington; 25x115.
IT'h and Capp; 32:6x110.
26x86: 18th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and nth; 4 lots.
BETTER LIVE IN ONE ROOM
OF YOUR OWN
Than in 5 rooms that belong: to some one j
else Better still— as over 100 families In the
Heyntan Tract have already done— let-us sell ;
you a home— not of 1 room, but of 40r6 or 6
rooms, hard finished, convenient and attrac- j
tive — that can be yours for the same monthly j
payments you are now paying over to your
landlord.
It's yours from the very moment you get
Into it— yours to beautify, to make cozy and
to shelter you from the hard knocks of the
world.
Just think! For the very same money you
ray as rent you get a home! Certainly this
is worth looking into. The new Noe Valley
school house going up adjoins the Heyman
Tract, so there is every advantage of schools,
as there is of street car service. Take Mis-
sion-st. cars, transfer to Twenty-second st.
and at Hoffman ave. ask for JAMES A. COT-
TER, or see JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st. _____ '
$250 EACH, $5 monthly; no interest; lots 25x
114; only 5 minutes from Castro-st. cars; good
lots to build on.
Lots in Sunset District, Golden Gate Park,
cheap, on $5 monthly payments.
15 fine level lots; only 3 blocks from San
' Mateo electric cars; just the thing for a
chicken ranch; on eaay monthly payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$1300 — JUST built; 4-room and bath cottage on
corner lot in the Heyman Tract; only $15
monthly pays for this home; Twenty-second
st. electric cars 1 block distant.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery St.
THE CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY
Issues policies of insurance upon realty titles,
which guarantee purchasers and their helns
against lusi.es from defective searches.
The company has a paid-up capital of $250,000
and a reserve fund of 125,000, which amply
guarantees every policy.
The leading banks accept its policies and loan
money upon the property of which the title is
Insured without other search.
Having a complete abstract plan the com-
pany Is able to make and continue abstracts for
use of attorneys at shortest possible notice.
"The advantage of a policy when a man
wishes to convert his property into cash quickly
or to make loans upon it has be^n proven
again and again by experience. The man with
a guarantee title finds that he can borrow
money with as much ease as If he had stock*
and boi:ds."— Chicago Tribune.
"The guarantee of such companies protects ;
purchasers of property and mortgages against
risks which, though remote, always attend real
estate transactions. The most experienced i
lawyer may err, especially where the law is un-
determined and fraud la an element of danger." ]
—New York Herald.
Money loaned on real estate at current rates
of Interest.
Office— Mills building, San Francisco.
A. T. BPOTT3. Manager.
(Ex-County Recorder.)
C. C. BEMIS,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice bulldln* lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. ; close to electric road.
$5000 — Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot f.2:4x60 feet.
$C700— f.0x127:6 feot on Jackson St., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay.
EO-vara on Page s=t. : panhandle or park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Sfuthwest corner Fifth ave. and C
St : 109x35 feet.
$100 000 to loan; low Interest: strictest privacy;
j) r.'.-. r.VI.K HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
; — ■■ ■ ■ ■■■■ — - ■
COtM'HY RKAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBREN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery Bt,
I 40 acres young bearing orchard, near Penryn,
' Placer County; good improvements; at a bar-
■ gain.
100 acres in orchard of apples, prunes, etc.,
• near Watsonville.
For exchange— lB acres level land near I'eta-
luma. With guod improvements.
For rent or sale— lB acres in orchard of apri-
cots, prunes anJ pears, in Castro Valley, near
Haywards, with good Improvements.
If you want country property call and see us.
640 ACRES selected redwood and tan oak tim-
ber land on Navarro River, Mcndoclno Coun-
ty; reduced to $6 per acre. Address R.. box
114. Call office.
$350— HOMESTEAD claim of 160 acres, with
cabin and about 40 acres for cultivation; bal-
ance pasture and wood. Address H.. box 114,
(..all i fllce.
$25,00u — GRAND stock ranch, near 8000 a'-res, on
Eel River, Mendocino County, with goixl
buildings and grain land and 2000 sheep. Ad-
dress It., box 114, Call office.
PRIVATE sale of probate property; 348 acres,
ii. ore or less, rich river bottom "tule land,"
••wharf franchise," etc.; a portion of the
estate of Margaret P. McCourtney, deceased,
situated on Sherman Island, San Joa-i'-m
River, apnralsed at $r.700. Is offered at private
Bale to highest bidder, for the purpose of
paying outstanding claims and closing the es-
tate- sale subject to approval nf Pnili.it-
Court. Full particulars on addressing -.hu
executor. RK'HAf:r> J. RONTGOMEKX. of-
fice "North Oakland Real Estate Headquart-
ers " 470 Thirteenth St., between Broadway
and Washington, Oakland.
480 ACRES to lease; buildings, rrutt, 100 acre*
hay 11 creek bottom, large oaks, tons of
acorn* and wild grape; near railroad; pure
mountain air. L. L. M. BALKBLRY, W2
flway, Oakland.
$Soo— 2o acres level, rich soil near Highland
Si.rlnir." good orchard, house, barn, windmill.
11275— k acres half a mile from town; I.ulte
County 5 acres bearing orchard; good house,
barn wood and water in abundance.
C. F. MOORE. 535 Market St., room 4.
GILT edge" li»«t in Btatti average $1500 annual
income; 15 acrea black loam soil, near Santa
Rosa- 900 prune, tome peach, balance winter
febDle' trees 12 years old; fine modern cot-
tage 6 rooms, bath, marble washstnnds. well,
wind mill, tank; water piped to buildings;
ruuluo fruit house, barn; $6000 buy. It. THE
i : !•; Y NOLPS CO., 35 Third st.
10-ACRE tracts of fine fruit land near Auburn,
Placer County; $5 monthly; no interest. $15 to
$25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery at. ■ ' .
CHOICE country town home, including 4 acres.
With mill and tank. For particulars inquire
1K23 O'Farrell st." '
FOR sal? or lease-Cozy little nook at Mlllbrae.
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD. 2 Crocker bids.
1100.000 to loan on watches, bronzea; private en-
uane«. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av«.
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2300— 81G bargain in new cottaKe in Rich-
mond; lot 25x127:6; on 14th ave, near Clement
St.; house contains 6 rooms, bath, etc., and
la very cheap.
$3500— Central ave., near Turk Bt. ; 2 flats of,
4 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x110.
$7230— Tw0 handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath: best portion of Devisadero st. ;
rent 562 60; lot 25x100.
$3iioo — Uusiness property; 25th St., near
Church; lot 25x114 feet; 2-story building, con-
taining store and 4 rooms; also 7 rooms and
bath upstairs; baker's oven in rear of lot.
$830— Soth ave., near Clement St.; lot 25x120;
cottage of 6 rooms.
• t., new Sutter; house of I
rooms and bath.
$2000— Filbert St., near Laguna; cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable In rear of lot; lot 25x
137:6.
Slo. ooo— Fulton st., near Franklin; large bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; expen-
sively built; lot 40x120.
$4200— Welsh Bt., near 4th; 3 flats of 3, 3 and
4 rooms; also rear house containing 2 flats of
4 rooms each; total rent $44.
$6000— Rent $50; S-story brick building contain-
ing stores and 14 rooms above; Minna near 3d.
JGOOO— Sacramento st.; 2 new flats, 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 50; both rented.
$750— 11th ave., near J ««t. ; 25x120.
$1200— 1st ave., north of Lake St.; 23x120.
$3100 — Good business corner; San Jose ave.
and 2Sth st. ; 20x114.
$1500— Corner of Butte and Hampshire sts. ;
lot 60x75 feet.
?450 each— 26th ave., near Lake st. ; 26x120
each; splendid marine view.
$550 each— 2sth ave., near Lake St.; 26x120
each; splendid view of Baker's beach.
$6000 — Lake St., between 25th and 20th aves.;
240x10(5; 9 iots; magnificent view.
$450 each — 20th ave., near California Bt. ; 25x
120 feet.
$750 each— Lake St., between 21st and 22d
aves.; 2,".x10u each; easy terms; fine view.
$600 each— 2lst ave., north of Lake St.; 25x
120 feet.
$650 — California Ft., near 4th ave.; 2Sxl00;
easy terms; great bargain.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BIGGEST BARGAINS
EVER OFFERED.
SPLENDID HOME OR
INVESTMENT LOTS.
LOTS $275
LOTS $275
And upwards, in small monthly payments.
Terms, $25 cash, $5 monthly.
Terms, $25 cash, $5 monthly.
We have just placed on the market (ten days
ago) 100 lots south of and not a great way from
Golden Gate Park; lots face on Eighth, Ninth.
Tenth and Eleventh aves.; all lots graded:
streets graded; magnificent view overlooking
the Park and Golden Gate.
Go and see these lots by all means. It will be
time well spent, and pleasantly spent, too. You
will enjoy the trip and view and learn some-
thing of the growing Sunset District.
Take Haight or Ellis-st. cars and transfer to
the new electric road (taking the place of the
old steam dummy). Get on* at Ninth ave. and
H street. We have a branch office there, open
daiiy (Sundays and holidays included). Blue
cars on Mission and Ellis sts. run direct from
the ferries. BALDWIN" & HOW ELL,
lu Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, first floor Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
i NEW BLOCKS! NEW LOTS! BARGAINS ON
EASY TERMS!
Location and price will positively suit you.
$400 to $<;00— Sunset Heights lots; graded;
splendid view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$250 to $750— Choicest Richmond lots; only
$26 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Mlßslon-
et. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ <fc BROTHER.
Room A. Crocker building.
FOR SALE— Lot .5x70; cottage 5 rooms; all
modern: beautifully furnished; $1500; part
cash. 1709 Market St.
LOTS at Golden Gate, near new ferry: $20
cash, balance $5 per month. THE MCCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market St., S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CLOSING the estate of Margaret P. McCourt-
ney, deceased; property will double in value
when "new ferry" la completed: make an of-
fer for 4977 acres ready for subdividing into
building lots; city sewers already constructed
to property line; sewers on property can be
constructed by private contract before open-
ing and dedicating streets. Particulars on
application to Richard J. Montgomery, execu-
tor, office "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
quarters," 470 Thirteenth St., between Broad-
way and Washington, Oakland.
A— ssso. payable $5 monthly, will buy one of
those new 3-room cottages, with lot 60x125, or
4 rooms and bath, $750, $7 50 a month, in the
Alvln tract; streets macadamized; take Hay-
wards local train to Elmhurst station; train
stops In front n* the Alvin tract; or Hay-
wards electric car to Jones ave. ; free carriage
on Sunday meets electric cars. JACOB HEY-
MAN, U Montgomery St.. San Franclßco, or
463 Ninth St., Oakland.
$7£o— A BARGAIN, 4-room cottage, 6-foot base-
ment; lot 33x100; only 2% blocks east of San
Pablo ave. cable railroad (shortly to be
equipped as an electric railroad); will double
in value on completion of "new ferry sys-
tem"; see photograph at office; terms to suit.
Address "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
quarters," 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
$1500 — NICE 6-room corner lot In San Jose, Cal.;
must be sold; 50 choice ranches for sale;
stamps bring catalogue.
T^n choke homes in Oakland, will be sold to
highest bidder. E. E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
Oakland.
28 ACRES. located on electric line, near Fruit-
vale: magnificently situated for sanitarium;
can now be had for $9000; one-half the price
a*kr-d for adjoining property. Apply to J. fc>.
JOHNSON, 1058 Broadway, Oakland.
$300 CASH and $28 per month buys a beautiful
new 7-mom house and COxISO foot lot; call at
once. WILLIAM P. TODD & CO., 1050 Broad-
way, Oakland^
NEW 5-rr>om cottage, high baoement, all mod-
ern Improvements, and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1146 E. 14th St., nr. 23d ave., E. Oakland.
CARPENTER wants to lease cottage in Oak-
land for 2 years; give equity in ftne fruit
ranch, first year"s rent. L. L. M. SALS-
BURY. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
$lOft,noo to loan; low Interest: private offices;
private entrance. I'nrle Harris. 1.1 Grant ave.
OAKLAND HO IS US.
MODERN 6- room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms- stove and porcelain bath; water and
a«h man free; Adeline station. Oakland: key
at 940 Union at. KOENIQ & KROLL. 100«
Rrftadwav. ' -
oaki,a«l) HOLs>i£Kfc;fc;ri.\<i HUUJtS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping ■ apartments,
with carpets' ■ reasonable. I?g*> Bmtdway.
HO iEL TO RENT LNFLR.MSHED^
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
68 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
i churches, etc.; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMIi. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND KlininilH H»H *4I««.
Fl'HNlTUßE— flood «nd rhear* . H Hf'KKLL-
HAAfI' old rtnr* 40* Bilpv»ntH «t S.« hi-'
in: HKLSI ItliiAL ESTATE.
LOVELY place In the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms; lot 100x135; only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J. MASON. Real Eetate, Berkeley.
LOTS 83:4x120, east front,- in heart of Berkeley,
$450; easy terms taken on mortgage by bank.
SALBBURY,' 902 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000— AT a sacrifice; modern house. 6 rooms,
on large corner lot, 80x100; near station; easy
terms. Address R., box 114, Call office.
BIG bargain; large sunny corner lot; best
street; street work done; half cash; *. balance
realty or Installments. F. B. E., Oakland.
A HOME IN BERKELEY.
WHY pay rent all your life and never own
your home?' Why not pay a little more than
rent and 'become your own landlord?
For particulars inquire of O. G. MAY &
CO., 2123 Center at., Berkeley. ■ V :.
ALT A PUNTA Tract again on the market;
prices reduced:- on Ban Pablo ave., 8 mllea
north of Berkeley; lota and by acreage; look
"at this. Bend for map to G. W. HAJQIIT,
320 Banaomo at., S. F. . \
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATK.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700, $ISOO, $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market ror non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and aro finished up to
| date; almost new, and are located near schools
i and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market at..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
LIKE rent: to order, 3 modern 5-rooin cottages;
lots each 33x150; $1500; $200 cash and $20 per
month. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
FINE 50-foot corner lot, near Park st, Ala-
meda; will be sold for $950 cash; w .irth $1500;
no agents. Address box 516, Call office.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company. Installment home
builders, 1500 Park St., Alameda, Cal.
IMMEDIATE sale: chear>- lot 35x11"- house 5
rooms; bath. 1525 Pacific ave.; 2 blocks of
Grand station.
NEW modern 8-room house on easy terms;
must bp sold. Box 1455. Call office.
PRtITVALK REAL ESTATE.
1475—OREAT bargain; owner must sell; going
East; house of 2 rooms and basement; stable,
chicken houses; corner lot, 35x125, all fenced;
cement walks; convenient to local train.
$1150, reduced from $1600— Modern cottage of
5 rooms and bath; S-foot basement, all floored;
chicken houses, stable, fine well a*M force
pump; lot 50x100; very handy to car lines.
51275 — New cottage of 4 large rooms, pantry,
doseta bath room, marble washstand, station-
ary tubs: 7-foot basement; lot 50x140, all fenced;
near local train.
jlti.Mi — Cottage of 6 rooms, hiph basement,
front and back porch; good stable; 4 chicken
houses; fine artesian well, windmill and tank;
fruit trees; lot 65x150: all fenced.
tgOSO — Absolutely a great bargain; cost owner
$S0O0; beautiful new 7-room house, large recep-
tion hall, bath-room, 2 fine mantels; electric
wires, etc.; large lot; cement walks; located
near Oakland race track: easy terms.
II A PI.prTVRB. lTruifvalp Station. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$6000— PAYING fruit ranch; 60 acres; good
house and barn; large orchard and vineyard;
cheap for cash or exchange on city or Oak-
land prwp'-rty. Address K., bux 114, Call.
MONEY TO LOAM.
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
rates of interest.
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies, interests under wills. & 2d & 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discuunted and all finan-
cial business transacted.
R. GOULD, 131 Montgomery st.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
tern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
| $100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds;
| strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1^22 Mlrsion st., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quirk: confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission : $25 up;
private party. RONNKLLI, 130 Tost st.
ANY amount at 6'i per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgasps. estates, real estato in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW' nionpy at cut rates on diamonds and
Jewelry. L. H" BCHARER. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, w m»* -"moval; no com-
mission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $TiO.Ono: lowest rates: Ist and id mortar. ;
any proposition. Prwien, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOP.KTQN and home capital to invert. BYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32* M^ntc mtry »t.
MOVEY WANTED.
WANTED— S7OO; excellent security; Will net 7
per cent. Address P.. box 6, C all, Oakl a nd._
HOL'SES TO LET.
VICTOR St.. off Bryant, bet. Seventh and
Eighth— Cheapest tenements in the ctty; good
location; sunny rooms; rent reasonable. Key
at grocery, cor. Bryant and Victor sts., or
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
PRESIDIO Heights— Modern house, containing
11 rooms and bath: rent very cheap; 3415 Jack-
son st. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
POST, 922 — House containing 36 rooms. 2 baths;
suitable for lodging or boarding house; prem-
ises will be put In condition to suit tenant;
rent reasonable; fine location. Apply to
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
HARRIET. 137. bet. Folsom and Harrison,
Sixth and Seventh — Nice house of 7 rooms,
bath, gas; decorated, painted: dry basement.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath In good order;
sunny side. 2f>2 O'Farrell st.
HOUSE, 3 rooms: large yard and stable. 2
Hayward st., off Harrison, near Eighth.
BRODERICK, 1515, near Sutter— 7 6unny rooms;
bath; basement; laundry; yard; water.
SCOTT, 1411— House of 7 large sunny rooms
and bath.
WK can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN 6. HOWELU 10 Mont-
romery et.
3 LODGE room? furnished. 527 Mission: W-
room house, 2417 Sutter: 5-room cottage, 2405
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay st.
7 SUNNY papered modern rooms: llkp new,
large garden; 4 lines of cars. 1720 Fillmore.
$100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris'. 15 Grnnt nvc.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MISSION, 2645— Cottage. 6 rooms; yard, stable,
basement; suitable for business: $14.
NICE sunny cottage, 447 Fifth St.; 4 good
rooms; large yard; $13.
SUNNY cottage, 7 rooms and bath. 4437 Twen-
tieth St.; rent cheap.
4-ROOM cottage, bath, basement; rent $14. 522
Shotwell st., bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
! 5 SUNNY rooms and bath; garden; rent rea-
I tonable. 2289 Fifteenth st
$11 50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 46S
l.lnden ave., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
FURNISHED FLATS.
$25— MODERN sunny furnished flat 5 rooms,
bath and laundry. 3168 Twenty-third St., near
Howard.
$400— LOWER flat; 7 rooms; well furnished; $16
a month: centrally located near Market. Box
759, Call.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED If seen; rarely beautiful: NW
corner Sutter and Bcott; 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or NW corner Erie and How-
art, near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
CLAY. 1417A— One of the most beautiful Mat*
in town; convenient, commodious and sunay;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
. modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FELL, Ell— Flat; 4 sunny rooms, basement;
gas; hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at
_ 513 Fell.
FLAT, 4 rooms; stable for 2 horses; wagon
house. 1 Isis St., between Twelfth and Thir-
teenth, Fol?om and Harrison.
FLAT of C rooms; Inclosed porch; bath; laun-
dry; large separate yard. 1553 Union st.
FLAT, B rooms, bath; yard; modern improve-
ments. 119% Chattanooga Bt.
FRANKLIN, 625, near McAllister— Lower flat;
3 rooms; cheap.
GEARY. 918— Flat, 6 sunny rooms; water free;
rent $14. '
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1158, near Webater— New
sunny upper flats. 6 and 7 rooms.
HYDE, 1720~$lS: B choice sunny rooms; all
modern Improvements.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
modern improvements: rent $16.
LOWER flat 3 large sunny rooms and hall.
Apply 932 Shotwell St., near Twenty-fourth;
upstairs.
LOWER flat, 5 eunny rooms, bath; rent $12.
116 San Jose ave. _______
LOWER flat of 5 rooms. 447 Jessie at., between
Fifth and Sixth.
LOWER floor; E rooms. 81 3 Jessie, near Ninth;
rent $14; key at grocery.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
LYON, 617, near McAllister— New sunny flat
6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 2721— Upper sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath;
sunny yard ; reasonable.
MODERN flat on Gpary St., bet. Hyde and
Larkin; 5 rooms and bath; $20. Apply L. C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
MODERN sunny flat. 10 rooms; would suit
physician. 626 Golden Gate ave.
NEW Upper flat Ot 7 rooms; bath; laundry; in-
closed porch; sun all day. Northwest corner
of Green and Leavenworth ets.
NICE upper flat, 3 large rooms. 16 Landers St.,
bet. 14th and 15th. above Dolores; $10.
NICE sunny flat. 637 Minna st., between
Seventh and Eighth : $10. -
SCOTT, S2O, near McAllister— Modern flat ot 6
rooms and bath; sunny; newly decorated;
rent $25.
SEVENTH. 46, near Market— Flat 4 sunny
rooms; rent reduced.
STEVENSON, 413, near Fifth— Lower flat, 4
rooms; water free.
STEVENSON. 427, between Fifth and Sixth—
$10; first floor; key upstairs.
SUNNY corner flat of 6 rooms and large yard.
6-19 Minna st.; rent reasonable.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly papered and
painted. 1130 Mission st. ; $15.
UPPER five-room flat. 127 Ash ave., between
Polk st.. Van Ness ave., Fulton and Mc-
Allister tsts.
UPPER flat; 3 nice sunny rooms; bath; rent
cheap. 1C24 Broadway.
UPPER flat; 3.J33 Twenty-second St.; 5 rooms
and bath; $13; on car line.
WANTED— BO tenants for Hats, cottages, etc.;
4 rooms on Van Ness ave., t&: also 10 new
flats, J25. At A. M. SPE K A I O.'S, 602 Mrkt.
WE can rent you a 11. tt with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
K' merv st.
4 AND 5 room sunny modern flats. 916 Capp
st., near Twenty-fourth. ;
$12— SUNNY lower flat, a rooms and bath. 440
Fourteenth st., n<-nr Valencia.
$12— SUNNY upper flat .", rooms and bath: la.-ve
bapement. 31(05 Twenty-fourth St., near San-
chez; electric cars pass door.
$14— FINi: 1 'vi r lint; 5 rooms; bath: yard.
257 Clementina st.
$22 50— CLAY, 1243— Flat of 7 eunny rooms
und hath; fine view.
$100, C00 to loan on diamonds, watches; low rates;
private offices. Un:-le Harris, 15 Grant ave.
ROOMS I t>u HOliSlfihJfiKFlMCk
AT Polk, 522— Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for houst-kpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BRADY, 44, bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, off
Market — 3 unfurnished rooms cheap to small
family.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-windows
with kitchen; all sunny; %;2 M $14 per suite.
iuENA VISTA ave.. ii'J, Ashbury Heights—
6 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
CASTRO, 405, rear— 3 nice sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; large yard, stable ; cheap.
EDDY, 915— Furnished or unrurnished connect-
ing sunny rooms; garden; fine location; pri-
vate residence.
ELLIS. 430 — * sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; central and reasonable.
ELLIS, 532— Four sunny unfurnished rooms.
Call 1 to 4.
FIFTH. 3?2— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; sink, water, bath: private; $11.
FILLMORE, 213, nt-ar Haight— 2 sunny rooms
furnished or not. $9; large unfurnished room,
carpet; grate: $5; housekeeping, bath; yard;
n.. sign. __
FOLSOM, 704— Nice clean single, double and
housekeeping rooms, $1 week and up.
PiiLSii.M. !'>:■;<''. 8 furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath: privr.te: $12.
FOLSOM, 1110, between Eighth and Ninth— 3
rooms for housekeeping: rent ill.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large furnished room for
housekeeping.
GOUGH, 530—1 front and rear parlor; 1 house-
keeping room; bath, hot and cold water.
GROVE, 32— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath; yard; cheap.
HARTFORD, 14, oft Eighteenth— Furnished
room; use of kitchen; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Finely furnished
n».niB; also housekeeping: transient.
HOWARD. 1755—2 nicely furnished rooma for
housekeeping.
HOWARD, 2' 06A, near Sixteenth— s newly fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping; $10;
bath.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping room; $8 U> $9.
JESBIB, US— Large sunny room; running
water; suitable for two; private; $8.
JESSIE, 627, oft Seventh— Sunny suite of house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
JONES, 2056—2 sunny unfurnished front rooms;
bath; tubs; cheap.
LARKIN, 822— Newly furnished sunny parlors,
with piano; housekeeping rooms reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 515-2 sunny rooms; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping: reasonble.
LEAVENWORTH, 811. near Sutter— 3 sunny
rooms; housekeeping: references; $9 50.
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room with
kitchen; gas and bath.
MINNA, 2S-Sunny housekeeping rooms; rent
cheap.
MINNA, 725. bet. Bth and 9th, first floor— 3 nice
unfurnished rooms; big yard; rent only $8.
MISSION, 1129 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms; reasonable.
MISSION, 1221— Housekeeping rooms with bath,
$ v ; also single rooms. $5.
MISSION, 1320, near Ninth— Large sunny front
housekeeping rooms, $S and $10 month.
NOE, 151—2 or 3 rooms furnished or unfur-
nished; modern flat; $10 to $14.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary— Large sunny
room and kitchen with ptove; $12.
PAGE. B—2 largo unfurnished sunny house-
keeping rooms, kitchen, bath and gas.
; PROSPECT place, 133. Btookton, Powell, near
California — House of 4 rooms; cellar; com-
I plete: $5 tp $15; private; German family.
SEVENTIJ 3 — Ground floor 3 rooms; also 3
upper r<X>ms; furnished; no children; rent
cheap.
SEVENTH, 32SV4— Three fine rooms; rent cheap
to small family.
SIXTH, 216H— Sunny front room for light
houst'kpg; other sunny rooms; cheap; quiet.
SI'ITE of 2 nice front sunny housekeeping
laome; folding bed in kitchen; bedroom suit
to match in bedroom; furniture all new; $3
per week; suitable for 3 or 4 persons. Apply
nt shoe store, 562 Mlsßion St., between First
and Second sts.
TAYLOR, 240—2 or more sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; bath.
TAYLOR, 703, above Sutter— Parlor suite, 2 or
S rooms, complete for light housekeeping or
doctor; also other rooms, single or en suite.
THE Piedmont, 11»A Sixth st. -2 or S room*,
furnished for housekeeping; also other room*.
TURK, 316— Sunny alcova room; also other fur-
nished rooms; light housekpg; running water.
TWELFTH 120— Sunny housekeeping rooms,
$11.
VAN NESS. 321—2 large rooms and kitchen;
complete for hkpg.: gas; ranjre; sun all day
VAN NESS ave.. 400— Elegant double parlors,
unfurnished, with carpets; or will fur.; board.
VAN NESS ave., 712— Rooms for housekeeping,
furnished or unfurnished.
jlfifi 000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
flry: low Interest. l"n.-i>- Harris. I.' i;i-:idt h\p.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT~223 MASON— Nicely furnished light rooms,
$1 50 per week up; day, 50c to $1; quiet house.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 30c.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
etinny rooms, en suite and single: flrst-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The, 14C9A Market— Changed hand*;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; les»
per week; country trade solicited: elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 233 Post 6t., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
BUSH. 71SB— Rooms en suite or single; private
family.
BUSH 1512— Furnished sunny front room; for
lady; $6.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, or. Mason— Bunny
cultes and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, *10 mo.
EDDY 3, cor. Powell— Sunny furnished front
room on Market st. ; >2 50 per week.
EDDY, lIS— Sunny front rooms, single or suite;
prices reasonable; also housekeeping.
EDDY, 318— Newly furnished sunny BUlte and
single rooms; private family; baths.
iM'i'V 800- Uarge double room suitable for 2
with board; $20 up; home cooking.
EDDY, 613— Nicely furnished single sunny
room.
ELLIS 618— Nicely furnished sunny front al-
cove; also large pleasant double room, $12.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ELLIS, 534— Large sunny front room, $12; also
a single room for gent, $U.
ELLIS, HO, cor. Hyde— Large nicely furnished
corner room; sun all day; gas, bath, grate.
ELLIS, 611 — Newly furnished front alcove
room; also sunny double rm. ; gas, bath; reas.
ELLIS, 627A— Sunny room; gas and bath; $8.
ELLIS 709— Finely furnished parlor floor; 3
rms. for housekp;,-., or 2 or 3 gents; ret
ELLIS "House, 1007% tfartcet— This boose has
changed hands; thoroughly renovated; terms
reasonable': country trade solicited. MKfa.
KITTY DOWNING, Proprietor.
FIFTH, 109, near Market— Sunny furnished
rooms; also sunny suite for offices: q
FIFTH. 221— 2~house.koeping rooms, $2 00; others
from $1 up; all sunny. .
FILLMQR*, 1920— Nicely furnished room; 54
or to uer month.
GEARY, 402— Just opened: carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYRR.
GEARY, 478— Nicely furnished room; suitable
for 2 gentlemen; also single room.
GEARY, sSS— Large sunny nicely furnished
front room; also single room.
GEARY. 622 and 610— Newiy furnished sunny
bay-window rooms; also other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE av.\. 505— J large nicely fur-
nished parlors; suitable for 3 or 4 gents:
GOLDEN GATE ave., 727— Finely furnished
front room: private family; reasonable.^
GOLDEN GATE, 1404— Sunny front room; run-
ning water; Sio: bath.
GEARY. 792— Large sunny front room for gen-
tleman.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Pet nisht. 25c to
Jl: week. SI to $4: reading room: Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to S6 per week.
HARRISON, 784',-j, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; also housekeeping.
HASKELL. The 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
lipht eunny rooms: transients; pents preferd.
HOWARD, 1129, bet. Seventh and Eighth— Sun-
ny front rooms; from $4 month up.
HYDfi, 703 1 »-. corner Post— One or two sunny
(root unfurnishe.l rooms; gaa; bath.
HYPE, 818, near Bush— Elegant rooms in fine
order; new carpets; in private house; will
be let unfurnished; references^
HYDE, 1000%, corner Pine— 2 sunny front fur-
nished single rooms, $5 and $6: gentlemen.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; board; large grounds; piano; tel.; ref.
JESSIE, 442',i. near Sixth— Two sunny front
rooms; $5 and $8.
LACUNA, 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms;
bath; $7.
LARKIN, 1518— A lanre furnished pleasant al-
cove room; closet; bath.
MABON, 402— Front room, 1 or 2 gentlemen;
rent reasonable; housekeeping privileges;
private.
MIX.NA, B7lB— Nice sunny room; everything
clean; suitable for 1 or 2; $G per month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1520— Sunny front single room.
NATOMA, r>s9 — Neatly furnished sunny front
room; quiet family; $5; references.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
PINE, 914— Nicely furnished double and single
rooms: bath: gas; private family.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnistied rooms;
suite or Kintrlr; also transient: rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 iformer Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
POWELL, 617— Elegantly furnished suite: sun
all day: bath; gas; telephone: 2 or 3 gents.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping:.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished nnd unfurnished.
SUTTER, 309 — Pleasant sunny rooms, large and
small; terms reasonable; call and see.
SUTTER. 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; single
or en suite; very reasonable; also housekpg.
TAT—OR, 238— Front and back parlor, suite or
stafle; ne-.vly furnished; light housekeeping;
bnth: yard.
TAYLOR, 610— Alcove sunny suite, newly fur-
nished; also parlor bedroom; very desirable.
TAYLOR, SO4, opp. Belle Vista— Nicely fur-
nished sunnv suite of riomf, gas. bath, grate,
$17; also single room, $S: private house.
TO let— Part, of a house; sunny corner; 3 and
5 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 542 Haight.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., rpp. Gough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suits;
5 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 259— Sunny rooms; house newly fur-
nished: $5 up.
VAN NESS ave., 320— Nice sunny front parlor;
suitable for 2 gents or couple; other rooms.
VAN NESS ave.. 813— Ladies preferred; pri-
vate: with physician'B family.
VAN NESS ave., 9*l2— Sunny furnished room,
suitable for two; running water: home cook.
1 \LOOVE room, with kitchen: hot and cold
water; private family. Box 1409. Call office.
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCT.K HARRIS. 13 Grant ave.
ROOMS AND HO At IV
AT Hyde, 609— Sunny; choice; reasonable; ap-
preciated if se?n: please investigate.
ABBOTSFORD. The—
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike: terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant ave.—
Rooms 50c up; board and room. $1 p;r day and
upward : free bus to and from hotel.
EI"H">Y 626 (Irvingrdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suites, best bonrd. $40 up: single. $20 up.
MISSION, S4G — Nicely furnished suites and sin-
gle rooms, with board; reas. ; day boarders.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor; piano; home cooking; $20 up.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 p«r
month; single rooms aecordirHy.
VAN NESS ave., ST 1 — Sunny "urnlshed suites
and Pintle rooms; flrst-<-lass table hoard.
VAN NESS ave.. VoO— Sunny nicely furnished
rooms, with good home table: references.
VAN NESS. 1008— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant av.
CHILDREN HOARUEO.
LADY having her own home wishes the care of
a child over 2 years old. Inquire M. BROWN,
88 East ave., near Cortland, Holly Park.
OLD lady wishes children to board; reasonable;
also housekeeping and single rooms, neatly
furnished; school and kindergarten within
block. 47 Tehama St., bet. First and Second.
WANTED— ChiId to board; no questions asked.
9 Mason st.
WANTED— A little boy, not under 5; good
home; splendid care: also under the Influence
of a refined and accomplished young lady.
Address box 778, Call office.
CHILD to board; nay not so much an object as
company. 1540 Central ave.
UKNTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate whan you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light it floats. Full set of teeth. $j; crowns.
$3 50 up; Bold fillings, $1 up: silver, 50c up;
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 Tearfl given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when platea
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 8 Ma-
son Bt., corner Market; phone South 781.
A~~ FULL set of teeth, |5; gee new flexible
plate*; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown und bridge work
cur specialty: fillings. Re; crowns, iiiO; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
teeth, |5; BlUngs, gold. $1 up; silver, 25c
Bpi brliges; platea repaired; all work pain-
lees and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, '.<' Mission st., corner Sixth.
DP. GEORGE W LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of' painless extraction ;tnd pat-
ent , . ■: tmprovkd bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN YUOOM Electro Dental Parlors; ruli set
of teeth, ?5 up; fillings. 25c up: all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
9!>7 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR LUDLITM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge Work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas givn.
DENTIST with Rome ready cash wishes to lo-
cale in a very lively place. Address box 753, .
Call office.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market Bt.
- ORES TO LET.
LARGE store with living rooms and stalle:
No. 1 .grocery and bar: good neighborhood;
low runt. $20. NW. corner Douglass and Eli-
zabeth sts. ■ ..:.
NICE sunny stores, with living rooms, at. 339
Noe st.; rent !'■> and $10. . .
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome st».—
Handsome corner store, $30 per month.
HALF store or window; Palace Hotel, Market
st. Address box 514, Call office. '.. ' :
THIRD. : 417—2 living- rooms -.basement; bay-
window: good location: low rent. -.- - ■
OFFICES TO ' ___.
I MA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st. ;
light, heat. Janitor and telepnone; rents $12 50
. to $20. ASHTON _ GARDINER, room 210.—
LEGAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that J. \ W. MILLER
having on or about the 2Sth day of September,
189$ refused to comply with the terms of a
certain agreement dated July 15, 1898, entered
into by said J. W. MILLER and myself, the
undersigned will no longer be bound by the
terms of said agreement, and that all debts
contracted by him and a»l contracts taken or
entered into by him will be up his own in-
dividual responsibility, and that I will not ha
responsible therefor.
(Signed) FRANK T. GERST.
UAHHIAUE UCKRSIES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Fred R. Gummow and Ethel G. K. Wrifson. 22-19
George Flake and Laura C. Paul] 60-44
J. William Stitz and Johanna Kramer. 34-21
Louis Lombard! and Fannie Rice '. 36-34
Felix Mulvenna and Lizzie Mulvenna.. 36-22
Denis J. Nolan and Julia A.. McGuire 22-23
Edward Harris and Sarah Benjamin 32-19
I. de-Gottardl and Poalina Peverada 26-22
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATH i
; _^
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must b» handed
in at either of the publication orfices and DO
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
HORN.
ANDERSON— In this city, to the wife of L.
T. Anderson, a daughter.
BOLLER— In this city. October 10. 1898, to the
wife of John Boiler, a daughter.
CLARK— In Oakland, October 10, 1898, to the
wife of H. Clark, a daughter.
COLETTI— In this city; October 11, 1898, to the
wife of Joseph Coletti, a son.
DOLAN— In this city. October 10. IS9S, to the
wife cf John E. Dolan. a son.
FLEMING— In Alameda, October 13. 1593, to
the wife of Charles N. Fleming, a SOB.
HERALD— In this city, October S. ISM, to the
wife of Eder Herald, a son.
HIGGINS— In this city. October 14. 18M, to the
.wife of Thomas F. . Biggins, a daughter.
LEE— In this city, October 11, 189S, to the wife
of Ben O. Lee, a son.
McCUSKER— In this city, September 23. IS9B,
to the wife. of Joseph McCusker. a son.
MA LOUGH— South San Francisco, October
8, 1888, to the, wife of Joseph Malough, a son.
MORRICE— In this city,- September 27. 1838, to
the wife of. Charles Morrlce, .a daughter. .
MURPHY— In this city, October 7, 1838; to the
wife of J. J. Murphy, a daughter.
TOBIN— In this city, September 29, 1838, to the
wife of M. J. Tobin, a daughter.
WADE— In this city, September 29, 1898, to the
wife of F. N. Wade, a son.
DIED.
Andrews (Infant) McCarthy, Mabel
• Armstrong, ■ Joseph Mahoney, Mary F.
Dunn, Clarence Nelson, Edward M.
Eckart, P. Anton Ostrowskf, Frederick
Gaines, Henry A. Phillips. Hattie.C
Gorman, Charles L. Russi, Frank
Herzberg. Christ Scott. Ellen M.
Higel. Alois ■ Seitz, John
. . Higgins, Benjamin Stelnson. James
Kennedy, Annie ' Swale, Annie L.
McCarthy, Charles Thompson, Ida E.
McCarthy, Mary i .
ANDREWS— In this city. October 14. ISOS, in-
fant daughter of Nelson and Eva Andrews,
aged 2 days. ■ ',-;
ARMSTRONG— In Fresno, Cal., October 10.
1898, Joseph H., beloved son of Patrick 11.
and Margaret Armstrong, and brother of
Edward L., John C, James L. and Mamie
E. Armstrong and Mrs. George K. Taylor, a
native of Ldvermore, Alameda County, Cal.,
aged 28 years 9 months and 6 days.
DUNN— In this city, October 15. ISM, Clarence,
beloved son of John and Caroline Dunn, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years 4
months and 4 days.
E?" Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher. 20 Fifth street.
ECKART— In this city, October 13, 1899. P. An-
ton, dearly beloved husband of Err ma Eck-
art, father of Willie A. Eckart, son of John
and Elizabeth Eckart, and brother of Mrs.
J. McDonald and Emma and John Eckart of
Volcano, Amador County, and son-in-law of
John C. and Therese Lutz, a native of Vir-
ginia City, aged 35 years and 6 months. A
member of Farnsworth Lodge ..o. 95, I. O.
O. F.
lO"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -731 McAllister street, between Gough
and Octavla. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. J ■ ■
GAINES— In this city, October 15, I*<>S, Henry
A. Gaines, a native of New York, aged 52
years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the undertaking parlors of James Hagan,
443 Valencia street. • . -- .
GORMAN— this city, October 14. 1898. Charles
L., beloved. son of Michael and the late Mar-
garet Gorman, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 11 months and 8 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2314Vi . Larkin street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.. , . -
HERZBERG— In this city,. October 14, IS9S,
Christ Herzberg," a native of Bremervorde.
Germany, aged 45 years. (New . York papers
please copy.) , -
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from 510 Bush street,
where funeral services will be held under the
auspices of Eureka Lodge No. 6, O. d. H. S.
Remains at the parlors of H. P. Petersen &
Co., 22S McAllister street.
HIGEL— tn this city, October 14. IS9S. Alois
Higel, beloved lather of Mrs. Catharine
Howatt, a native of France aged 76 years
and 10 months.
mTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend I the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from J. S. Godeau'a
undertaking parlors, 305 Montgomery street,
thence to Odd Fellows'. Hall. ■-.■
BIGGINS— this city, October 15, 1838, Ben-
jamin F.. beloved husband of Amelia R. Hig-
gins, and father of Daisy and Roy Biggins,
all of Mendocino City, Cal., a native of
Massachusetts, aged r.i . years. -.. \.p\i-;;
KENNEDY— In this city, October 14. ÜBS, at
her residence, 23.'0 San Bruno road. Annie,
dearly beloved wife of the late Patrick B.
. Kennedy, and mother of Mrs. P. J. McKenna
and Bessie, Anita and Violet Kennedy, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, aged 43 years and G
months.
[C?The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Golden City House, ban Bruno road,
thence to All . Hallows' Church. Fifteenth
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
Holy Cross Cemetery. _ . ...
MCCARTHY— An anniversary ' requiem high
. mass will be celebrated for the repose of th»
souls of the late Charles and Mary McCar-
thy, at St. Brig-id's Church, corner of Board-
way and Van Ness avenue, on Wednesday
morning, commencing at — o'clock.. Friends
are respectfully invited to attend. ,/ . ■■
MCCARTHY— In this city, October 14. 1891, Ma-
bel, beloved daughter of Michael and Mary
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco, aged
8 months and 15 days.
MAHONEY— In this city. October 15. IS9B, Mary
F., beloved daughter of Dennis and Margaret
Mahoney, and Bister of John, James, Mar-
garet and the late Timothy Mahoney, a native
of San Francisco, aged 23 years 11 months and
8 days.
"ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her " late resi-
dence, 8 Allan street, off Hyde, between Fil-
bert and " Union, thence to St. Bridget's
Church. Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of. her soul, . commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In Ukiah. October 15, 1898, Kdward
' M.. dearly beloved son of Mrs. M. Hanson
and the late ins C. Nelson 4 and brother of
Charles, John and Magpie Nelson, Mrs. J.
Kerr, M. Garrlgan' and W. Denehy. a native
of, San Francisco, aged 33 years and 13 days.
OSTROWSKI— In Napa, October 12, 1888, Fred-
erick William Ostrowski, beloved brother of
Charles Ostrowski, a. native -of ■ Germany,
' aged 37 years 7 months and 26 days.
CCs*Frlends and acquaintances are -respect-
fully invited to attend th* funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square,' thence to St. -Boni-
face's Church, Golden ■ Gate . avenue, near
Jones street, for services, commencinsr at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILLIPS— In this city, October 15. IS9S, Hat-
tie C, beloved daughter, of the late J. 3. and
Cora Phillips, and sister of Harry, Raymond,
Arthur and . Dolly Phillips,- a native of San
Francisco, aged 21 years. -. ■ -.„. ■ -- :
Notice of: funeral hereafter.. ■
RUSSl— 'this city, October 14, 1893, at his
residence, 20 Scott ■ avenue, near Silver ave-
nue and. San Bruno road. Frank,, dearh- be-
loved husband ■ Of Josephine . Russi. - beloved
father ot- Frank Jr. and Joseph Russl. and
brother >br Felix . Russ!,' Mrs. John Regli,
.-^Agatha Russ!, Mrs. Jacob Hassler and George
AIcAVOY & GALLAGHER. >££ |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EiIBAUUERIj
"~tO FIFTH 8T.,-opp.'Llriß»laBeli»al. ';;•-■; ■
' T-- Telephone. Bouth 1 ,, g0 -^^ l — .^Jj—
1314
Ruesl a native of Andermatt, Canton Uri,
Swuzerfand. aged 47 years 11 month, and 4
day*. A member of Valley Lodge No. SO, A.
°"ir^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 20 Scott avenue, near Silver avenue.
San Bruno road, thence to St. Anthony 8
Church. Army street, near Folsom. where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
A O U _ To the officers and members of
Valley Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W.— Brothers:
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Frank Russi. this day
(Sunday), from his late residence, 20 Scott
avenue, near Golden City House, at 9:lo
o'clock S. H. JENNER, M. W.
THOMAS H. LORD. Recorder.
BCOTT— In this city. October 15.' IS9S. at her
re«ldenoe, r,05 Powell street. Ellen M. Scott,
mother tit Mrs. W. J. O'Leary. John S. Scott
and Mrs. D. Mcßea. a native of Bandon,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 72 years.
C .-"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday). Notice of same hereafter.
BEITZ— this city. October 13, 1898, John
Seltz. beloved brother of the late Charles
Seitz, and uncle of Fred Kuhn. a native of
Baden. German- aged 60 years 3 months and
22 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 lock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1203 Mission street, near
Klphth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BTEINSON— In Martinez, October 13. IS9S.
James Steins in, a native of Banffshire, Scot-
land, aged 58 years 4 months and 14 days.
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his lute resi-
dence. 12G7 Twelfth avenue. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
SWALE— In Oakland. October 16, 1898. Annie
L.. wife of Harry L. Swale, and mother of
Lillie Swale, a native of Canada, aged 43
yenrs 6 months and 21 days.
C?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
THOMPSON— In Tarrytown-on-Hudson, X. V.,
September 21, IS9B, Ida K.. beloved wife of
J. W. Thompson, and daughter of Hartwell
C and the late Hannah Thompson, a native
of MarysvilJe, Cal.
ETFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, at Sacred Heart
Church, Fell and Fillmore streets. Friends
are invited to attend. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. October 15.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, 53 days from Ma
nila.
Schr Hera, Anderson, 13 days from Ever
ett.
Schr Coquelle. Pearson, 8 days from Coquille
River.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Rhynlmd
from Southampton; stmr La Champagne, fnn
Havre; stmr Statendam, from Rotterdam; scmr
Aller, from Naples; stmr Campania, from Liv
erpool.
Sailed Oct 12— Stmr Thingvalla, from Copen
hagen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr Italia,
from Boston; stmr Etruria, from New YorK.
Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Lucania, for New York.
GENOA— Oct 15— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm 11. from New York.
HAVRE -Sailed Oct 15— Stmr La Normandle,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Oct. ls— Stmr Penn
land. for New York.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Oct 13— Stmr Noordland,
for New York.-
BREMEN- Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Weimar, for
New York.
HAMBURG — Oct 15— Stmr Augusta
Victoria, for New York.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ferdinand and Franclne Bazan to Bertha
Conn I SW corner of
I nue and Octavia street. S 20 by \V
nd i-arty wall, in 1447 d 10J ; $10.
Bertha and Casper Cohn to Amanda Conn,
same: gift.
and Alexander W. Wilson to Clinton
' ■ iy, 63:9 E or Flll
mi re, X 68:9 by S «7:6; ; ■
Mary A. Call to George Fisher. lot on N line
of Gr« -t, 100 \V of Bakor W 83:9U
by X 137:«; ■
William B. and Mary H. Chamberlain to
Ethelind V. Dans;!ada, lot on W line of Central
avenue. 101:814 N or Jackson. N 26 by W 130;
JIG.
Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to Alexander W.
1. t on W line of Ashbury street, 176:8
N : Frederick, N 126 by W ISG:3; Jio.
American Hank and Trust Company to John
I' Hammond, lot "n S line of Beaver street
Noe, W 50 by 6 115, quitclaim deed;
110.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to John C. MolUa n.
lot on E line of Hoffman avenue (Ellen), 76 :S
N of Alvarad i, N 26 by E 90, lot 28, Heyman
Tract : -
F. A. and Stella Denicke (Locan) to Francis
A. Losh, undivided two-thirtieths of lot on SE
line of Howard street, 112:6 SW of Hawthorne
(Hubbard). SW 4.". by SE SO; $566.
Francis A. and Mac G. Losh to Judson Manu
facturing Company, lot on SE line of Howard
street. 230 NE of Third, NE 45 by SE 80; $10.
Henry H. and Ella Davis to Pauline C. Bul
lard, lot on N\V line of Harrison street, 375
SW of Fourth, SW 25 by NW 86: also lot on E
line of Thirty-fifth avenue, 100 S of U street.
— 2. >, E 120. N 25, W 120; also lot on W line of
Thirty-eighth avenue, 100 N of S street X 141:3
NW 12i):3, S 149:3, E 120; also lot on W line of
Belcher street, 100 N of Fourteenth, N 50 by W
120; (5120.
John H. Loeber to Catherine Erzgraber, re
record 164? d 2SB. lot on E line of Fourth ave
nue, 250 S of California street south (Deeth)
£ 25 by E 120; $10.
Frank M. and Minnie Smith to John McGaw,
lot on N line of Point Lobos avenue. 100 W of
Twentieth avenue. W 50 by N 100. $700.
Solomon and Dora -tz to Charles O. Amyott,
lot on W line of Sixteenth avenue, ISO N of
I street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
John Brumund to Charlotte Brumund (wife),
lot on SE corner of Forty-ninth avenue and I
etreet, E 240 by S ion; $io.
Elizabeth and John Piaseckl to Bronlslawa
Piasecki, lot 3, block S. Park Lane Tract No.
6: srift.
John D. an.-] Sarah P. Hammond to Ami
Bank and Trust i ompany of Ban Fran
N lin.- of Ney street, 250 E of Craut, E
60 by N no, block 7, College I $10.
William Nicol to Alexander Mackie lot 33
block S, People's Homestead Association, Tract
Alexander and Rose Mackie to Moses H
Benjamin, lots 25, 27 an-i 28, block 11, lot 3.".,
bl >ck s, Tract A, People's Horn--
elation; $10.
'• of Georsce W. Dean ihy Benjamin D.
Dean, administrator) to Michael Loftus lot on
SE line of - avenue, 113:3 ft X
Twenty-ninth Btreet, NE 25:5%, SE 71:0% SW
86, NW 66:3 |
BenJ.iniln D. and James W. Dean to sam.\
same; $50.
Eatai W. Dean (by administrator)
to William C. Hamerton, lot on NW |
TlfTar. n t e of Twenty-ninth, NE 150
NW 60, sw 100, NW 75:10%. SW 25:05% SB
60, lots 29 and 30. T.frajjy and
Dean Tract, I
Benjamin D. and James W. Dean to same,
Bame ;
Alameda County.
Kate .T. Partridge to W. M. Watson and Al- I
fred Wood, same, East Oakland; $10.
Charles w. Sexton to Ann E. Sexton, lot on'
N l!n*- of Forty-sixth street. ::.•■■ E oi Grove X '
N ICO, lots 32 and 33. block 2111, Alden
Tract at il, Oaklai inner; Kift.
Harry L. i I ! mn I i Eugene J. Drussel lot
on N"W lin^ at V, 722:2 NE of M «s
I te, XE :.0. NW 130, SW 50:6, SK 123,
ginnli:. Thermal Hill, formerly ii.we
i lakland A:.n- x; $10.
Same to Frank J. Agnew, lot on NW line
c.t i: >we street, 772:1- XX oi Mon avenue XE
80, XW 137:6, SW 50:6, SE 130, to beginning, be
ins the XE 20 feet of lot 17. and ail of lot 16,
block C. same tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
Robert and Mordena M. Stewart to Tonea F.
lock 3^. Tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Association
Berkel ■•■
Wiliurd H. and Verne H. Young to Minor
WiKhtman, lot on W line of Second street 260
S of Jones street. S 20 by W Vll, being the X
10 feet of loi 2J and S 10 foot of lot 25, !.! rck
I>, Map of Andrew Junes" subdivision, Brooklyn
imp; grant.
to Andrew Joneo, lots 2 and 3. Muck
X, map of same, Brooklyn Township; grant
Andrew and Jan to wiilard 11.
Young, lot on W line <m" Second street, 230 S
of Jones avenue. S 50 by \V 120, being lot -">
and X 10 feel ■ I lot -4, block D, same, Brook
lyn Township; grant.
H. H 1 to Alameda Savings Bank,
lnt on SW line of Central avenur-, 973 BE oi
High street, SK 120 by SW 123:6, being lots 24
and 25, Hawley Tract, Alamrda.: $10. Note—
This rte<d Is given ap full payment or mortgage
•for $2300 and recorded in 4.13 m 133.
Alonro Ayrea to Nellie Ayres. lot <>n \v itn Q
of Jackson street, 7;i:7'-j S of Pevmth S 2f> by
W 75. being the N X 3:7% feet ot lot U and S
I:4^ fef t of lot 17 block >■- |10
.George X. and Mary J. William* to Thomas
W. Corder, 10l on X\v comer of Twelfth and
Oak streets, X to by W 100, block ICS 'Uic
lan.l; $10.
Edward an.l .Mary A. Hackett. Mack and
Nettle Web rge X. Williams un.n.
half inti-rest In the following: Ix>l ..n S
line of Fourteenth street, 100 W of < i.-ik W V\
by S W), hlo. V 147, Oakland; also lot on XW
corner of Twelfth nn.l Oak streetH, W ]J0 by
N ion, block 16R. Oakland; HO.
Theodora Wfllltz to Frank Telchmann re
record 678, d ?M. lots 4S and 49. block 10, resuh
divißion of blacks 10 and 11. Howe Tract, Oak
land ■■
Kate Bllven to Annie B. Vor.rhlcs. lot on S
line of Bancroft way, 101 W of Bowdltch street
\\ 4;i l, • s 100. College Homestead Association,
to correct deed of September 21, 18S8, Berkeley
f I ■ .
W> F. and Kffle L. Kroll to William B. Qulg
ley. lot on X line oi Sixth stioet. 100 X ..f
'Brush, ■ E 26 by N 100', being lot 27, block 70
Oakland; $10.
William B. and Isabella E. Qulgley to Meth
odiPt Kplscopal Church Extension Society of
Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley, same, Oak
land; »10.
Albert VT. and Emma E. Stllwell to William
H. Wellbye, lot on N line of Eighteenth Mr.-.-t,
12S W of Telegraph avenue, W V, by X UH,
being lot 6. Campbell Tract. Oakland; JlO.
J. Quinlan vb. P. Koach Br. et a!, (by A. H.
Brrcd. refcrep) to Thomas Evers, lot 22, block
■43 lands Oakland Point Railroad Ferry Land-
Ing in Tract 406, Oakland; $400.
James Warner et al. (by commissioner) to
t'ninn Savings Bank, lot on SW corner of Cen
tra] avenue or Twelfth street and Oakland
street, W 150 by S 100, block 166, Oaidand;
$13,631
SENSATIONS OF
THE SOLDIER IN
HIS FIRST FIGHT
Vivid Description by a California
Volunteer Who Was at th>e
Taking of Mar)ila.
Says There Is Little Romance iQ Life at the
Front, but No Order Is More Welcome
Than Tr;at to AttacK-
BY CORPORAL FRED A. HEALY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 4.— 1 don't suppose I
the American boy ever lived who,
above and beyond everything else, has
not at one time or another had his
fancy captured and his ambition arous
od by tales of war and martial heroism.
1 don't suppose there ever existed in
America or any other country a man
or woman for whom the tale of a battle
did not hold a shuddering fascination.
I know, for my own part, nothing in
literature held for me ne-half the in- |
terest contained between the calfskin j
covers of a history, and often, when I
had finished readinr the account of j
some battle like Waterloo, Aysterlitz, j
Gettysburg or Shiloh, or had come to ,
the conclusion of a tale recounting the ;
downfall of a Metz or a Sedan, I would j
close the volume and let my imagina
tion try to picture for my entertain
ment an actual scene of battle, while I
would try to conceive what my own
sensations would be before going into
action and while under fire.
Since the commencement of our op
erations against Manila I, in company
with the rest of the regiment, have
been in two engagements, which,
though small, were exceedingly sharp,
have been shot at a score of times and
have taken part in a campaign which
has resulted in the capture of a forti
fied city containing over two hundred
thousand inhabitants, and defended,
before our own guns got in their deadly
work, by over fourteen thousand sol
diers, most of whom were veterans. I
have tried to analyze my own feelings,
which I find on inquiry were about the
same as the feelings of every other man
in the regiment, and if it will interest
you at all 1 will try. while giving you a
short account of the assault on Manila,
to tell in a crude way of the sensations
which are felt by a man in the ranks
when he is first under fire. First, I
would like to say that the greater part
of that which has been written about
battle, etc., is bo much bosh. 1 have
read many accounts purporting to give
a faithful account of a soldier's life,
both in the camp and on the field, and
unless the m<-n of thirty or forty years
ago were of a different ctay fr-rn the
men of to-day they are about aj mis
leading as a vivid and romantic imag
ination can make them.
A soldier"3 life in camp is one long,
monotonous routine of havl and dis
agreeable wcrk, rilled with sickness and
discomfort and clouded with a sordid
ness th ough which there seldom
breaks ever, the faintest slimmer of
anything glorious. As for the romance,
vvtll, that comes in when the veteran
te turns lump and lies to nis sweetheart
about the gieat things he lid at th-:
front. In camp everything Is as practi
cal as discipline and a mathematical
dlatril/unor of scanty rations can make
it. f;u-. II return to the fall of Manila
and the second regular engagement
participant iv by the Call2->ruia Volun
teers.
The assault took place on Saturday,
August 13. On the previous Thursday
we went out to take our twenty-four
hour turn in guarding the trenches.
Everything pointed toward a big fight
in the near future, and from the work
we were ordered to perform most of
the boys came to the conclusion that
the bombardment would open on the
following (Friday) morning. We passed
the whole night waiting amid the rain
in a state of sopping expectation for
the coming of the dawn. The dawn
came at last, but that was all that did
come, save a few scattering Spanish
bullets, and at the regular hour our
relief arrived and we, turning our backs
on the trenches, marched to camp and
rest.
On Friday afternoon orders for the
cooking of extra rations, distribution
of ammunition, etc., commenced to ar
rive, and finally, about sundown, the
news that we were to make the assault
on the morrow became a confirmed cer
tainty. I expected to witness a great
deal of enthusiasm, cheering and all
the Bort of thing one reads about and
is conjured up before one's mind by
poetry and song of "The Night Before
the Battle, Mother" variety. There
was nothing of the kind. A little
cheering did take place, but only a lit
tle. The boys received the news just
about as they would have received any
general order. First with a little buz
zing discussion in a general conclave
and then, breaking up into groups of
three or four, they walked to their tents
talking about the prospects of the scrap
and separating shortly to clean their
arms and get their accouterments in
proper condition. Their whole de
meanor was a businesslike one, and as
devoid of anything in the romantic line
as it could possibly be.
The morning came all too soon for a
fellow who wanted a good, long sleep,
and wanted it badly. Lsut quickly as
the dawn appeared the cooks were up
before it, and when we turned out at
reveille a steaming hot breakfast of
bacon and coffee awaited us. Men
fight best as they make love bent — on
a full stomach, and for once we got all
we wanted to cat. Dishes were has
tily washed, blanket bags and belts
strapped on and the boys, rifle in hand,
stood ready and expectant, awaiting
the order to fall in. But it did not
come. A burst of music issued from
the camp in our rear and soon the head
of a column emerged from the city of
tents and, with a band playing gayly
in its front, marched past us and dis
appeared in the woods toward the fir
ing line. We chperod these fellows to
the echo as they passed us ana the
boys, turning away, stood ready for
the long expected assembly to sound,
us we supposed that we would be the
next to go. But we were doomed to
disappointment. Body after body of
troops came out of the white ant hill
in our rear and were lost in the brush
In our front, and still we remained im
patiently idling about our company
street. Then one could perceive how
much In earnest the fellows were and
get some idea of the feverish turmoil
in the hot young blood running under
their bronzed skins. As each succes
sive troop filed past our company street
the men in its ranks would jeer at our
boys and tell them to be sure and keep
the camp kettles boiling, as they would
want a nice hot supper when they had
finished whipping the Spaniards.
The poor fellows from San Francisco
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
at first attempted to answer, but, as it
became more and more apparent that
they were to be left behind, their laugh
ter dwindled down to sickly smiles
which, subsiding, gave way in turn 10
an expression of bitter humiliation and
keen disappointment. 'H— l," said one
fellow. "We have worked like slaves
and starved like castaways and now
they won't even give us a chance to get
a shot at" —
But he was mistaken. The First Cali
fornia was to receive plenty of shots
before nightfall.
Finally, about 9 o'clock, Brigadier
Anderson suddenly made his appear
ance, and the shrill, stirring notes of
tho assembly floated out on the air. I
have seen men fall in many times since
I joined the army, but I have never
witnessed anything like the prompti
tude with which that call was obeyed.
Men came out of their tents as though
propelled by a catapult, and a regu
lar race for the end of the street en
sued, the boys fairly falling over one
another in their eagerness to fall in,
while the whole field rang with their
wild cheering. We had waited long,
but when we once started no more
time was lost. We fell in, counted off
and then the whole regiment was
marched down in front of headquar
ters, where the flag joined us and where
our chaplain. Father McKinnon,
blessed us and gave us absolution. It
was a sight never to be forgotten. The
flag, its folds gracefully drooping about
its staff as though it rested in prepar
ation for the work it knew was to
come; the chaplain, standing between
It and the ranks he was addressing
and exhorting by everything they held
dear in this world or hoped for in the
world to come to act like men In the
work before them, and promising them
the forgiveness of their church If their
destiny Bhould be death, and lastly, the
long, brown ranks stretching from end
to end of the encampment, bare head
ed, reverent and resolute, longing for
the commencement of the action, not
withstanding the death and carnage
which must accompany it.
"Whr-n Father McKinnon had con
cluded we were marched in columns of
fours to the right of our camp, where
the column, turning to the left,
marched past the fringe of bamboo
lining the front of our encamp
ment, and took up our position as re
serve in the open fields in front. We
were lined up in battalion forma
tion, our left resting a short
distance from the beach and our
lines stretching across to the Calle
Real, or Royal Road, on our right.
Ahead of us we could see great masses
of troops drawn up in similar forma
tion resting on their arms and awaiting
the opening of the ball. I don't know
what weight the other troops carried
into battle with them, but I do know
our load of ammunition, rifle and ra
tions amounted to nearly sixty pounds,
altogether too heavy a load for troops
to go into action with. As soon as we
had reached our position we were halt
ed, arms were stacked and rubber
blankets thrown over them to protect
them from the light rain which was
falling, while the boys, unslinging their
blanket bags with the heavy loads of
ammunition and rations, proceeded to
make themselves comfortable while
waiting for the bombardment to begin.
I have often heard of the sensations
which animate a man under simiiar
conditions. I cannot speak for others,
but lack of sensation more than any
thing else would express what I did not
feel. The humid heat was something
terrible. My whole body was reeking
with perspiration, which was helped
along by my canteen, the stopper of
which had come out, and whk'h was
slowly emptying its contents of hot cof
fee down my legs. I was tired, wet, hot
and uncomfortable, and I did not par
ticularly care what happened so long
as something did occur which would
change my condition. My back was
aching from the load it was forced to
bear, and my shoulders where the
straps passed over were raw. The only
sensation I had was one of relief as I
sank down on the wet ground and
watched the native boys passing along
the lints with trays of bananas and
oranges, which they tried to sell to the
troops. The boys about me were smok
ing, laughing, joking and conversing
about the coming battle. Our officers
stood in little groups in our rear and
talked together. Colonel Smith and a
few other officers had disappeared from
sight in the fringe of trees that
stretched along the sandy beach and
hid the water from our sight. They
had gone down to the shore to witness
the opening of the bombardment. In a
word, the whole scene was just such a
one as one would see at a review in the
Presidio while the troops were resting
for a few moments.
We had rested for but only a few
moments when b-o-om — the sound of
a great gun burst through the fringe
of the trees and passed along our lines,
while in the same moment the wild
whirring and shrieking of an eight
inch shell was heard, as it were, hurtling
over our heads toward the Spanish in
trenchments. The effect of this first
shot was very curious to note. A pro
found silence fell upon the ranks, cig
arettes and cigars were dropped, and
the men's faces suddenly assumed a
different expression. They grew
strained and hard in an instant.
Wrinkles came into their brows, while
lines which I had never noticed before
stretched down past their nostrils and
along the edges of their upper lipa.
Their jaws set hard together, and one
could hear their respirations as they
sucked their breath in as though
straining it between their teeth. Out
of their eyes all good humor and
friendliness had vanished. They had
grown cold and hard, while in their
depths there glittered a strangle sort of
light. Yes, with that first shot a great
change had come, and it was not pleas
ant to see.
Following the initial shell came an
other, then another, and still others, in
rapid succession. The Utah batteries
in the trenches, which constituted our
firing line. Joined in, and the din be
came terrific. The noise of the shoot
ing, terrible as it was, was nothing
when compared to the horrible hum
ming and shrieking the shells made as
they flew past us from the moulhs of
their cannon on the ships, which were
stationed in the bay on our left and
slightly to our rear. The fringe of
trees, of which I have before spoken,
hid everything from our view. We
could only tell what was going on by
our ears, and when the sharp, quick
rapping of the rapid-fire guns on the
vessels commenced we knew that
things were beginning to get close and
warm in the Spanish trenches.
As soon as the bombardment had be
come general and the boys had grown
a little accustomed to the whizzing and
whirring of the great shells over their
heads they began to recover from
their awe and to show up in their nat
ural colors. Some continued to listen in
strained attitudes with tense nerves,
which would jump at each explosion;
some kept very quiet, as though think
ing deeply on what was in store for
them; a few attempted to Joke, but
their humor was not appreciated, and
their unechoed laughter seemed
strange and lacking the quality of
mirth. Men would reach for their
rifles and then withdraw their hand,
would suddenly get on their feet, look
around in an aimless manner, and
then as suddenly settle down in their
former positions. Small things, which
under ordinary circumstances would
attract no attention, suddenly became
matters of absorbing interest. I re
member I became more interested in
a small dog just behind me which was
diligently hunting for fleas than I have
been in anything for a long time, and
my anxiety as to the final outcome of
his explorations was hardly less than
his own. 1 also noticed that no one's
belt seemed to hang properly, nor did
any one's clothes set comfortably on
him. They both needed constant and
oft-repeated adjustment. Inane re
marks and queries were common and
excited no comment. Every man at the
time considered himself perfectly cool,
yet every action was eloquent of the
strain and excitement under which he
was laboring.
Suddenly the firing from the ships
ceased as abruptly as it commenced,
and we saw our colonel riding toward
our lines out of the fringe of trees along
the beach. With his horse prancing
under him, while he smiled and waved
his sword above his head, he made the
first and only martial picture, of the
kind one reads about, I have seen since
the beginning of the campaign. He
came straight toward us on the gallop,
but there was no need to tell us the
order he was about to give. It was
"forward." Every man could see that
written all over his features, and quick
ly as he came the boys were still
quicker and were on their feet, rifles
in hand, cheering wildly ere he had
reached the nearest files. The order
came. '"Battalion, forward!" com
manded Major Sine. "Company, for
ward!" re-echoed the captains and
lieutenants of the different companies
and the Second Battalion moved on
ward toward the tiring line, following
them, in regimental formation, the
First Battalion and being followed in
turn by the Third Battalion in its
proper place. Un we pressed, passing
the troops we had seen and envied ear
lier in the morning as they passed out
of the encampment before us. We now
took the lead of them. Coming to a
thick line of brush and trees the com
panies split up into squad formation
and pressing onward through the
brush, mud and water passed beyond
the support in the second line of
trenches, and kept on until they stood
in the first line of American trenches
facing the Spanish breastworks a half
mile away, on one portion of which the
American flag was now floating. Hut
the order was still "Forward," and the
Californians, marching by tht; left,
with the Second Battalion under com
mand of Major Sime in the lead,
started out over the trenches and along
the beach, marching in column of fours
toward the outskirts of Manila, while
Mauser bullets sang and whistled about
their ears and spat into the sands at
their feet. Un toward the Stars and
Stripes, waving over what had once
been Fort Malate, they went. A river
Hows into the bay a short distance in
front of the fort. Into this we plunged
up to our shoulders and waded across,
while the Spaniards away to our right
splattered the water into our faces with
their badly aimed bullets. Crouching
amid the ruins of Fort Malate we found
a body of regular troops sheltering
themselves and awaiting orders. We
lay down beside them for a few mo
ments to catch our breath, and here
occurred the second inspiring sight of
the day. One of the regimental bands,
the one belonging to the Mirmesotas
I think, though I am not sure, came
marching up to us, every man stand-
Ing erect and paying absolutely no heed
to the bullets which fairly rained about
them, while they played for dear life.
The tune was "Dixie." At the head,
straight as an ash and as unconcerned
as though on parade, marched their
drum major, showing them tho way.
How the boys cheered them. And they
deserved it, for their action was as gal
lant a one as has been performed dur
ing the whole campaign.
But Fort Malate was merely the edge
of the Spaniards' outermost works,
which had been reduced to a pile of
('rumbling ruins by the guns of the
fleet. Manila was our objective point,
and again came the command "For
ward." The regiment sprang to its feet.
The Second Battalion, with Company
L, Captain Eggert commanding, in the
lead, started onward and entered the
outskirts of the city with a rush. From
that moment until the fighting was all
over I saw no more of the rest of the
army. The Second Battalion followed
its gallant colonel and major wherever
they led, and their course, which was
ever forward, was so rapid that even
the scouts were passed and the balance
of the army and regiment was left far
in the rear.
Captain Eggert, Lieutenant Curzons
and Lieutenant Adler of L Company
exhibited the highest gallantry, and the
manner in which these gentlemen led
their men along the shot-plowed streets
right up to the very walls of old Ma
nila is still the talk of the city. Friend
and enemy alike join in praising them
and their little band of followers, while
Major Hugh Sime, who alone and far
ahead, led them all, is the hero of the
hour.
We entered the suburbs over walid
and fences and through gardens. We
fought our way up streets, through
houses and over barricades under a
continual rain of rifle fire. Not a man
in the entire company flinched for a.
minute. Not one weakened. You may
criticize the San Francisco youth as
you please. He has many faults, but
cowardice is not among them. He is
dead game.
Lieutenant Curzons had charge of the
firing line, and under his direction the
trcx ps sent volley after volley up the
street. That they were well aimed the
biK splashes of blood and occasional
bodies that were met as we advanced
convincingly assured us.
Even here I witnessed nothing of that
irlorious enthusiasm which I had ex
pected to see. Men lowered their heads
as though they were making their
piOf,i*€M through a heavy storm of wind
and rain, and advanced with a dogged
determination and a. coolness of de ;
meaner which was surprising. The
only evidence of the excitement wlii.'h
ainnated them came from the Hashing
of their eyes, which had lost that cold,
r/.ony glance produced by the first shot
from Ihe fleet, and now looked red and
wicked and as though they were suf
fused with blood.
A man becomes more or less me
chanical under such conditions. He
knows he has been ordered to go up
th«.- street, and the idea that he must
get there possesses his mind to the ex
clusion of all else, and the only desire
he has is a wild, well-nigh uncon
trollable wish to kill some one or some
thing. He doesn't care much who or
what. 1 know at one time, while com
ing up the street, four or five of us
went into a large, rambling barracks
on one side of the roadj, and that we
met a polite native who, standing in a
doorway raised above tlie level of the
ground by three stone fteps, informed
us that the Spaniards »ad been there,
but had left a few moments before.
Then, crossing his armi over his chest,
he smiled and vowed eternal friendship
for America and all pertaining there
to. Now, I am as mild-mannered a youth
as ever knocked the head off a bottle,
and have never before felt any desire to
slay any one. Yet I strongly desired
to kill that native who stood there un
armed, smiling, bowing and protesting
his friendship. I had never seen him
before, nor do I ever expect to see him
again. I felt no hatred or enmity for
the man. Yet only the strong restraint
of discipline prevented me from send
ing a bullet crashing into his brain.
I spoke to two of my comrades after
the battle, and they told me they felt
exactly as I did. 'Tis a good idea to
keep out of the way when troops take
a city.
But to return to the assault. "We
continued ud the street, Company L
still far in the lead, advancing almost
at a double quick despite the bullets
which the Spaniards sent down upon
our front and in on each flank from
every cross street we passed in a vain
endeavor to check our progress.
Half way up the thoroughfare on
which we were advancing we came
upon a small body of insurgents, who
had appeared from God knows where,
and who had taken shelter in a church,
the bell of which they were wildly
ringing, while they spasmodically shot
their guns out of the doors and win
dows, pointing the muzzles carefully
into the air before pulling the triggers.
They greatly helped the confusion and
heightened the effect of the scene,
though I am afraid they did but little
execution. Some of our boys wanted to
fire upon them, but were restrained by
the officers.
When we had advanced a little far
ther we came across a peppery little
captain of regulars who had managed
to get a few of his own men up toward
the front. These he had pieced out
with the help of a few stragglers from
other regiments until the whole formed
a small body of twenty or so, who were
acting as scouts. As our boys came
up to this gentleman and his hetero
geneous command he turned to a fellow
by the name of Campbell, who was the
first man in the first squad, and or
dered him back. Campbell paid no at
tention, but continued to push ahead.
Then the rotund little, fire-eater drew a
pistol and threatened to kill the first
man who dared to advance ahead of
him. The boys merely laughed at him
and rushed past. He came along some
where or other in course of time.
Shortly after this the firing com
menced to slacken and soon died away
altogether. The streets became as si
lent as the halls of death and our foot
falls echoed from the empty houses on
either side with a strange uncanny
sound. This was the only time I saw
any signs of nervousness in the boys.
They continued to advance with the
same rapidity and spirit they had ex
hibited from the start. But one could
seee by the glances they sent down
each side street and by the readiness
in which they held themselves to meet
any emergency that they could not un
derstand the strange and sudden si
lence. They were used to being shot at,
but when they were let alone they be
gan to look for a trap.
Suddenly a shout came from the first
squad, and Ben Clancy, waving his gun
high in the air, started forward on the
run, crying out that he saw the walls
of the old city and that a white flag
was floating over them. This was
enough, and the entire company, offi
cers and men, started forward pell
mell, each man on the dead run, trying
to be the first up. It was true. Manila
had surrendered, and L. Company of the
Second Battalion, First California Vol
unteers, was the first and only body of
troops In at the death.
They were ahead of the army, ahead
of the scouts, ahead of the flag, ahead
of all save their own officers, the gallant
Major Sime. Captain Eggert and the
two lieutenants, Curzons and Adler,
who had led them well and bravely
from start to finish.
In about ten or fifteen minutes other
troops beg-an to arrive on the scene cf
the surrender until the entire Second
Battalion, together with a few others,
was lined up on the broad driveway
running between the "walls of the old
city and the houses of new Manila.
Spaniards still manned the walis. but
the gates were open and their higher
officers had come out and were mixing
with our officers, trying to make them
selves understood. Up one of the streets
to the right there came a large body
of Spanish soldiers who had sur
rendered and who had been outflanked
by the rapidity of our advance. They
were slowly and sullenly retreating into
the old city to lay down their armn.
Our position was between them and the
walls.
Suddenly from behind this body
of returning troops there broke out a
furious fire. The insurgents had come
up and started to massacre the enemy
they could not conquer. The Spaniards
on the walls started to reply. The
American troops got under cover wher
ever they could, each man loading his
piece and covering some Spanish officer,
prepared to sell his life as dearly as
possible. For a few minutes 4t looked
as though a general hand-to-hand flght
and massacre was to take place, the
end of which would come with the
wiping out of the entire Second Bat
talion and the sacking of the city by
the rest of our troops. Spanish and
American officers ran among their
troops, working hand in hand to pre
vent the threatened tragedy. Every
thing swayed in the balance when the
third incident of the day took place.
Private Carl Moltke, jumping to his
feet, waved a white handkerchief over
his head and called for the flag to ad
vance. It came, borne in by Flag Ser
geant Taylor of B Company, who, ac
companied by Major Sime, Moltke and
one or two others, advanced down
through the retreating Spaniards until
they came right up to the muzzles of
the blazing insurgent guns, when they
halted, and pointing to the Stars and
Stripes which floated over them, com
manded in the name of that banner,
which is as powerful in peace as it is
dreadful in war, that the slaughter
cease. And it did.
This concluded the day, and march
ing across the suspension bridge over
the Pasig River we stacked arms on
the stones of the famous Elcolta and,
unslingjng our blanket bags, sank
down on the pavement thoroughly ex
hausted to eat our lunch of cold bread
and meat. The boys had marched at
almost a double quick gait nearly five
miles, fighting, breaking in doors, scal
ing walls and breastworks and pack
ing nearly sixty pounds the entire dis
tance. Ttoere was not a fellow who
had fallen behind, though, when all
was over, several rolled over and
fainted with exhaustion. We were not
excited, so we thought. Yet our load,
which we had never noticed during the
battle, became as heavy as the Old Man
of the Sea as soon as all was over.
Scattered firing was kept up all day
and night, but it amounted to nothing.
Manila fell with the raising of the
white flag on its walls, and the war in
the Philippines was at an end.
In the evening we were marched
down to the former residence of the
Governor General, where we were bar
racked. As I stood on my post as sen
try at midnight I turned to my com
panion on watch and said: "Adding
ton. how do you feel, now that it is ell
over?" "I feel as^%hough I had been in
a trance," he answered. I felt that
I had been in a trance, also, a trance
which had encompassed more in the
brief limits of its duration than was
held in all the other years of my life.
Developing an Oil District.
SAN MIGUEL, Oct. 15.— Machinery for
the oil prospecting work in the new pe
troleum district near here has arrived, and
work will soon be commenced to deter
mine the nature and extent of the alleged
oil discoveries. County Surveyor Lou G.
Hare of Salinas is setting stakes to lower
the grades and straighten the county
road leading to that soctlon, and the road
will be improved to withstand the heavy
traffic that is expected to pass over it
within a short time. It is also reported
th.it the road will be surveyed through
and built to Coalingo in Fresno County.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
FROM HUNGER
TO POSSIBLE
STARVATION
What the Teslin City
Stampede Means.
HAZARDOUS CHANCES TAKEN
MANY START OUT WITHOUT
WINTER OUTFITS.
Horses Sold at One Dollar Each. Will
Be Bidden to Death and Then
Eaten by the Gold
Hunters.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Oct. I.— Lots of
wild-eyed stories are begat in the new
diggings around Lake Atlin. Their
father's name is Boom and their
mother's Exaggeration. The latest is
that the mother lode has been struck
in there, radiant with gold. Another
story is that a creek has been found
beyond Surprise Lake, where the sur
face gravel runs from $1 75 to $5 to the
pan with the pay streak not yet lo
cated. Only the richest claims on El
Dorado and Bonanza are in it with this
kind of gravel, but it is a fact well
known to conservative miners who have
been on the ground and returned here
for the winter, and with whom I hava
had many conversations, that nothing
yet has been found at Atlin which com
pares with the best in the Klondike.
This, however, should not be taken as
a limit to the discoveries that may be
made. Nobody can yet write or speak
with accuracy on the possibilities in the
Atlin region. It is the rule in placer
camps that pay streaks are found
which are very rich in gold, and all the
signs so far indicate that Atlin will
I prove no exception to the rule. One
of the best-known placer miners in
Alaska sunk a hole to bedrock on his
claim. He said to another miner, "I
lam satisfied." I heard about this in
a round-abuut way. That expression
\ among miners means a good deal for
a prospect. In an interview 1 had pre-
I viously with this same man he did not
j express himself so confidently to me.
The area of what seems to be a gold
bearing country, prospected and unex
plored, from the best information I can
obtain at this time looks to be the equal
if not larger than the Klondike. Com
paratively few holes have been put
I down to bedrock, and for this reason it
is not yet known how valuable the
ground is on a vast majority of the lo
cations. That there is gold in the beds
of Pine and Spruce creeks and several
of the smaller creeks emptying into
Surprise Lake there is not the slightest
doubt, but the facts in regard to the
maximum value of most of the located
ground may not be known till next Au
gust, by which time considerable de
velopment work will have been done;
and by which time, also, many new lo
cations will have been staked. It is
Idle to overlook the fact that there will
be a rush to Atlin next spring from
Alaska towns, saying nothing of people
who may come from farther away.
A hungry stampede has already
started from Testtn City on Teslin Lake.
William Reisch, who has made nine
trips from Juneau to Teslin since last
spring over the Taku trail, left the
town at the head of that lake less than
two weeks ago. He says about six
hundred horses carrying men and non
descript outfits are on the trail between
Teslin and Atlin. and perhaps have
reached Atlin by this time in large part.
The men preferred taking chances in
reaching a camp where gold has been
found than remaining where practi
cally no gold has been discovered,
where food is scarcer than starvation
prices and where there is nothing to
look forward to under existing circum
stances. Their chances in reaching At
lin are hazardous, for many have
headed across the country depending on
their guns for food, instead of follow
ing the trail. More than 85 per cent
of this caravan started out with less
than enough grub for the trip, and less
than 5 per cent have a winter's outfit.
The situation of these men is very
serious. They are running away from
hunger probably to meet starvation
face to face on the way. "Winter with
blinding snowstorms and intense cold
has already come in the interior. The
tops of the coast range of mountains
are already hooded in white. The
critical condition of the men of Teslin
is the result of the attempt and failure
of trying to get in with their outfits
over the Btickeen trail from Wrangel.
Hundreds got through with light packs,
but most of their supplies are still at
Glenora or cached on the trail near
there. The Hudson Bay Company has
a store at Teslin City, and there are
two other stores there, but prices are
too high to be reached by the average
gold-seeker, who left home with little
money. Reisch says he saw a man
walking o round Teslin City recently
offering $500 which he held In his hand
for 500 pounds of grub, and didn't get
it. Horses are selling for $1 each at
Teslin. There is no feed for them.
The stampeders to AtHn paid that sum
for their horses, expecting to ride them
as far as the starved and weakened
beasts could go on what forage they
might find on the way under the snow.
and then when they could go no far
ther to eat them if they must. Whole
armies in the field have eaten horse
flesh and considerable of it is now
canned and sold under the name of
roast beef. Canned horse meat is sup
plied to the Pacific Coast by an abat
toir at Portland, but that is another
story. Before Teslin City is an island
and on each side of it mud flats. Two
large scows, built for carryalls to Daw
son, have not been able to pet over the
flats since the lake has fallen and are
still at Teslin. The water in Teslin
Lake recedes from eight to twelve feet
at the end of the summer when the
mountain snows cease to melt. The
steamboat built there sailed during
high water for Dawson, but has not
•;de a round trip.
!old was found beyond Teslin Lake
t Bummer, a considerable distance up
the country drained by the Nasutlin
and Big Salmon rivers. Both are larse
streams. Nasutlin empties into Teslin
Lake between fifty and sixty miles up
from Teslin City on the northeast side.
Sndreds of men stampeded for the
sutlin. but only nine succeeded in
ting eighty miles up the river find
over a porVage to Quiet Lake, near
which the discovery was made. These
nine men, of which Reisch is one, and a
California miner of Lns Angeles named
Funk another, formed a company, and
they wiH stay there this winter and ero
to bedrock. Quiet Lake is about forty
miles long. It is one of two lakes much
smaller than Teslin, of which t.he Bier
Salmon River is the nutlet, and they its
source. A Canadian surveying party
was at work In that country last sum
mer, and was met by many of the
stampeders from Teslin. Reisch has a
claim In the new diggings at Atlin. He
also staked one for Anthony Kennel of
Juneau. a Hungarian nob , le ™ an v /h n h^i
ly from Lucerne, Switzerland, who haa
quickly become noted here for hisabrt
lty to mix and drink whisky punches in
three languages and carry °" *
sation in a fourth. Mr. Kengyel wears
in the lapel of his vest an enameled
button containing the figure , if not the
fragrance of sweet clover leaves pre
sented to him in Budapest by tne
Countess Wishkowski as a talismanof
good fortune while seeking Alaskan
folden fleece. In passing it might nut
be amiss to make the list of noblemen
complete. There is another here-
French. Fortune has had for .him. so
far, only a marble heart. He is mak
ing both ends men by selling pop > from
a wheelbarrow for a local sulphur c
acid battery. I took a picture of ths
gentleman the other day, as in an idle
and unguarded moment he was turn
ing a hose into the yawning jaws of a
pet bulldog which was trying to bite
the stream of water. Such is life in the
far North. .
The country up the Nasutlin Rijer,
around Quiet Lake and the headwaters
of the Big Salmon, it is said, was never
entered by white men before, and its
mineral possibilities are wholly un
known. Reisch says that the discovery
of g-old is on a small tributary that
comes into the Big Salmon River near
its head, and not far from the smaller
of the two lakes composing its neaa
waters. That gold was found so early,
though not easily, as the region was
reached with only the hardest kind or
physical effort and many discomforts,
is looked upon a favorable sign and as
promising still more for that unexplored
Interior. . ,
This morning the Alaska Commercial
Company's steamer Dora, Captain
Johensen, came in from Valdez, Copper
City, Cooks Inlet, Kadiak and other
ports to the westward, with about
eighty passengers. Among them is
Robert Michelson, who has been mining
in the Cooks Inlet country about eight
years. He and associates call them
selves the Polly Mining Company. This
company has one, if not the best, of the
very few good placer claims in the fcix
Mile District. They were embarrassed
by high watw all season, all mining
operations being retarded by the un
usual Hoods. On September 5 last tna
Polly Mining Company's dam was
swept away, and the working season
shortened about a month on that ac
count. Nevertheless, it is reported that
the seasons-- clean-up for this company
is close around $23,000. It will cost
over $2000 to renew the dam. Men in
the other company working in that sec
tion disagreed during the season. They
are from Fresno, Cal. A man named
Ducey went off to a claim by himself,
and he is said to have made nothing.
Thomas Williams and Thomas Atkin
son worked the original ground, and It
is understood will make a considerable
clean-up, though it is not known how
much. The Fresno people will not
come out, but will winter at Sunrise
City. No new discoveries are reported
in the Cooks Inlet country. Captain
Johensen says about 1000 men will win
ter at Valdez and in the Copper River
country. They have plenty of grunb
and will be housed in log cabins. Two
hundred more will leave for their
homes i the States. A number of pros
pectors on the Kyack River are ready
to come out for the winter. No reports
have yet been received from them as to
results of the season's work. On ac
count of the number of people who
want to go below the Dora will make
two more trips than usual this fall,
and may not arrive here on the last re
turn voyage until about the middle of
November. Altogether placer mining
to the westward this year has been far
from encouraging, but there is an im
mense country over in that section of
Alaska never prospected or explored,
but believed to be gold-bearing. The
"westward" is the part of Alaska prom
ising most in agriculture and coal. Sev
eral miners and tenderfeet on the Dora
will go to the new diggings at Lake
Atlin.
An effort Is being made In Jaaeau
to organize a company to string a tel
egraph line to Atlin City by way of the
Taku trail. The estimated cost is
$7000 and the distance is about 100
miles, half water.
Juneau Chamber of Commerce has
appointed F. S. Nowell a committee of
one to provide an Alaska mineral ex
hibit for the Paris Exposition.
Among the Californians from Cooka
Inlet and Copper River homeward
bound are: George Paden and W. J.
Wilson, Fresno; P. W. Lancaster, En
cinitas; William Shutt, M. L. Bennett
and A. Carlson. Pomona.
FOR LACK OF PROSECUTION.
The Case Against the "King of the
Dumps" Dismissed.
James Gallaudet, the "King of the
Dumps," was ready in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday morning to defend him
self against the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon brought against him by
J. P. Kramer, a watchman for the South
ern Pacific. The assault was alleged to
have been committed on September 24
owing to a dispute between Kramer ami
Gallaudet as to the ownership of a small
wharf at the foot of Kentucky street.
When the case was called Bailiff Far
rell called three times for Kramer, but
there was no response, and the Judge
dismissed the case for lack of prosecu
tion.
Held for Murder.
Cornelius Sullivan was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on the charge of murder
without bonds. August 27 Sullivan shot
and killed his stepfather, J. L. Pratt, In
his house on Minna street.
Mustered Out.
United States District Judge Hawley
yesterday discharged H. W. Blgelow, a
minor who enlisted in the First "Washing
ton Regiment without the consent of hla
parents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANGER IN SODA.
Serious Results Sometimes Follow
Its Excessive Use.
Common soda is all right in Its place
and indispensable in the kitchen and
for cooking and washing purposes, but
it was never intended for a medicine,
and people who use it as such will some
day regret it.
We refer to the common use of soda
to relieve heartburn or sour stomach a
habit which thousands of people prac-
tice almost daily, and one which is
fraught with danger; moreover, the
soda only gives temporary relief and in
the end the stomach trouble gets worsa
and worse.
The soda acts as a mechanical irri- .
tant to the walls of the stomach and
bowels and cases are on record where
it accumulated in the intestines, caus-
ing death by inflammation or peri-
tonitis. .
Dr. Harlandson recommends as the
safest and surest cure for sour stomach
(acid dyspepsia) an excellent prepara-
tion sold by druggists under the name
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. These
tablets are large 20-grain lozenges very
pleasant to taste and contain the natu
ral acids, peptones and digestive ele
ments essential to good digestion and
when taken after meals they diges't th»
food perfectly and promptly before ft
has time to ferment, sour and poison
the blood and nervous system poi3on
Dr. Wuerth states that he invarJahiv
uses Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab eta ft tin
cases of stomach derangements and-
finds them a certain cure not only for
sour stomach but by promptly digest-
ing the food they create a healthy aD '
pet increase flesh and strengthen the •
action of the heart and liver. ?£?? are ••
not a cathartic, but Intended only for • *
stomach diseases and . weaknesi *%*■ ■- :
! will be found reliable 'in kriys e t o S mach •
I trouble except cancer of the stomach K - \
Ta A biraf r p^'pXK 8 ™**ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
MYSTERY OF
A DEATH AT
PLEASANTON
Dying Chinese Cut in
a Scuffle.
LAST OF THREE PARTNERS
OPIUM POISONING SAID TO BE
THE CAUSE OF DEATH.
One Partner Was Murdered, Another
Killed Himself in Jail and
the Third Died of
Poisoning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90^ Broadway, Oct. 15.
Mystery surrounds the death of Jung
Jheung, over whom the Coroner held an
inquest this afternoon. Some very pecu
liar facts were testified to, the most
able being that the deceased -while
. scious had attempted to commit
hara-kiri with a large knife.
For a long time there has been a feud
among the Chinamen living at the hop
yards, and the death of Jung Jheung was
the last of three partners who a few
months agt) conducted a store at Pleasan
ton. Last May Chung Sing, another part
uarreled with Wong Wah Sing, and
taking up a hatchet killed his business
associate. For this crime Chung Sing
was held for murder, and while in the
County Jail two months ago he managed
to obtain some opium which he swallowed
with milk and which caused his death.
Thm Dr. Herschiser of Pleas
notified that a Chinaman had
attempted to commit suicide in the tjtore
. t w hich he was the last of three pro
:s. Dr. Herschiser went to the
and found Jung Jheung lying on a
cot unconscious, with a crowd of Jabber
A PHYSICIAN
WHO PROVES A
KLEPTOMANIAC
"Dr." Chester Steals
a Work of Fiction.
LIKED WEYMAN'S WRITINGS
HE PURLOINED "SHREWSBURY"
FROM COOPER'S STORE.
Arrested. He Claimed That He Was
Hard Up and Wanted Some
thing to Read op
Sunday.
Dr. J. C. Chester, an alleged physician,
who claims to be well connected in the
East, was arrested last evening between
8 and 9 o'clock for stealing a book from
Cooper's book and stationery store on
Market street.
A -well-dressed gentleman wearing a
silk hat and Prince Albert coat went into
the bookstore and began examining the
works on the shelves. Q. W. Hoadley,
a clerk in the store, was waiting on an
army officer at the time, but for some
reason was suspicious of the stranger and
kept an eye on him while talking to his
customer. He saw him take a volume
from the shelves which he recognized as
"Shrewsbury," by Stanley J. Weyman.
After turning over the pages of the book
for several minutes the doctor carelessly
put it under his coat. Another book
which he had in his possession when he
entered the store he placed under his
arm directly over the one he had pur
loined.
Hoadley observed the entire operation,
but, as he had had several similar ex
periences, wished the book thief to leave
the store before exposing him. The doc
tor started for the door, then turned back
and walked half-way toward the rear of
the store, carefully watching to see if
his movements were observed. Think
ing he had not been seen he sauntered
leisurely to the door, where he stood a
moment before starting up the street.
As soon as the doctor reached the side
walk Hoadley called Mr. Cooper's atten
tion to the man and went after him. He
brought the doctor back into the store,
and in the presence of the proprietor and
another witness pulled the bonk from un
der his coat.
Dr. Chester protested innocence, at
first claiming there had been some mis
tako, but when an officer was called ad
mitted that he had stolen the book, and
gave as his reason that he was hard up
and wanted something" to read on Sun
day When searched at the police sta
tion he had $7 on his person. While in
the bookstore he handed the sergeant
who had him under arrest a slip of paper,
on which ho had written the information
that he had at one time been connected
with the House of Correction.
A short time after the doctor's arrest
two men from the Lucas Detective
Agency Bite i the Cooper store and tried
to "square" the case, but, having been
troubled a great deal of late by people
with kleptomania. Mr. Cooper refused to
lot the doctor off without a prosecution.
The detectives say that Chester 1* well
connected In "Wisconsin, his parents and
relatives being prominent people. Mr.
Hoadley cays that the detective* at
tempted at first to try a bluff game, but
not succeeding in this tried to work Mr.
Cooper's sympathy.
It is said that the prisoner's true name
is J. c Joselyn.
THE HEAVIEST THING IN THE
WxjRLD.
The heaviest thing In the world is the
metal osmium, the bluish-white metal
with violet luster which Mr. Smlthson
Tenr : discovered ninety years ago in
the rescue from dissolved platinum ores.
This metal has a specific gravity of 22.477,
that of gold being 19.2©. lead 11.367, iron
7.79 ami lithium, the lightest, only 0.694.
The French chemist, Joly. determined
that osmium la likewise the most infus
ible of metals. It could never be made
to yield to the oxyhydrogen flame, which
makes platinum and iridtum run like
•water. But Joly ha,} been subjecting
osmium to the exclusively high tempera
ture of the electric arc, which Moisßan
has of late employed successfully in the
manufacture of diamonds.
Under this fierce heat the rare metal
ruthenium, which used to be deemed all
but infusible, readily melts. But osmium
remains refractory, there being apparent
only the faintest trace« of fusion. On
this account own Slim cannot be prepared
in sufficient quantity to raaka it very
useful in tire arts. Bat Its alloy with
ing Chinese surrounding him. He went
Into the back room to prepare his in
struments for relieving Jung of the ppi
soa, and while doing so he heard a scuffle
in the room where lay the dying China
man. Immediately after the scuffle a
Chinaman rushed into the back room
flourishing a bloody knife and informed
the doctor that Jung had grasped the
knife and attempted to disembowel him
self.
Dr. Herschiser rushed to the poisoned
man's side and found a cut across the
abdomen which was, however, not deep
enough to' have any serious effect. He
could not understand how a man so inert
as the poisoned Chinaman could use the
knife on himself or. indeed, how he could
have come Into possession of the open
clasp-knife. He treated the Chinaman
for opium poisoning, but the deadly ef
fect of the drug was to far advanced.
Henry Chung, a commercial traveler for
a San Francisco firm, testified that he
knew the deceased well and that he was
not given to the use of opium. He also
said that he once saw a knife in the
pocket of the dead man, but he did not see
him cut himself nor did he see any other
Chinaman cut him. He said that Jung
Jheung never had trouble with anybody,
but was a peaceable man.
Dr. Herschiser testified that Jung died
from the effects of swallowing burnt
opium, of which there was a large quan
tity in the stomach. There was no evi
dence to show whether J\mg took the
poison voluntarily or whether it was ad
ministered to him. and the jury returned
a verdict of suicide.
PECULIAR SUIT OVER
W. W. NICKALS' ESTATE
GUARDIAN SEEKS TO RECOVER
LIFE INSURANCE MONEY.
She Charges That $5000 Was Left to
Support an Incompetent "Widow,
but Went to Pay the Debts.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9*S Broadway, Oct. 15.
Jennie Robinson, as guardian of the
person and estate of Julia Nickals. an in
competent person, to-day filed suit
against ex-Public Administrator James
Stanley for the recovery of $6000. John
L,. Beard, John Dugan. Frank C. Jarvis,
Peter McKenna, Frank V. Macedo. An
tonio S. Escobar. Constant Sitrrist and
Manuel Brown, bondsmen of Jam<\* Stan
ley while the latter was Public Adminis
trator, are made joint parties defendant.
The complaint sets forth that William
W, Nickals died testate on October 25,
■aving his estate to his wife, Julia
Nickals; that he, on August 2S. ISSS, for
the purpose of making provision for The
support of Mrs. Nickals, in the event of
iridium, which defies the acids, is of some
value, nothing better having been found
•wherewith to tip gold pens. Being non
magnetic, its employment for the bearings
of a mariner's compass has been advo
cated. — Popular Science Monthly.
. * .
A TEST OF NERVE.
"VTar talk started the trouble, says the
Detroit Fre» Press. The big man had
been holding forth to the loungers
In the country store and the little man
had wormed his way into the conversa
tion much to the disgust of the big man,
who taunted the little man with not hav
ing the nerve of a woman. Tnis promptly
brought forth from the little man a chal
lenge for a test of nerve, which the big
man condescendingly accepted.
•'What I propose," said the big man,
taking charge of the affair, as big m<-n
are wont to do. especially when a liitie
man is concerned, "is this: Sam yere
has got a keg of powder, an' I propose
that we put a lighted candle to hit an'
set down by hit. an' the one who sets
the longest has got the most nerve."
A murmur of admiration went around
the loungers at this bold proposition, but
the little man stuck up his nose and said:
"Guess I have got the choosin' of this
yere nerve test."
"All right, sonny, go ahead," answered
the big man. with a wave of his hand and
a smile of pity.
The little man turned toward the win
dow and gazed absently out in the direc
tion of the big man's house, while the big
man waited with a grin on his face.
Finally the little man arose and said:
"I'm ready fer thet thar nerve test."
The crowd followed them out doors,
where the little man promptly made for
a mud puddle and waded through and In
slated that the big man snould follow his
example.
Then he made for the big man's home
and threw open the kitchen door, and
was about to enter, when the big man
said uneasily:
"See yere, the ole woman has jest
mopped out in thar."
"Where's yer nerve?" sneered the little
man.
ihis brought the big man In with hia
muddy boots, and as they stood on the
newly" cleaned floor the little man said:
"Yer wife has Jes' gone across to the
neighbor's, 'cause I seed her, an' we'll Jts'
stand yere an' wait till she comes back,
and see who's got the most nerve."
The big man only grasped at this bold
proposition.
"She's comtn' frum thar now, an
nounced the little man from his position
near the window.
The big man moved uneasily from one
foot to the other, while the crowd grinned
in at the door.
"She's crossin' the road, said the lit
tle man.
Beads of perspiration were standing on
th<- tig man's face, but the little man was
calmiy chewing a straw.
"She's comin' In at the gate, an
nounced the little man. "She'll be yere
in " But the little man was alone, the
big man having fled.
Ar.d all the little man said as he wiped
his feet on the grass was:
"I know'd all the time thet he didn t hey
no nerve."
"But. ace yere," put in one of the loung
ers. "I don't see nothin' of his ole
woman."
"She's takin 1 a lot of eggs ter the mar
ket," chuckled the little man. "I saw her
go before we klm over yere."
. ,
"THE POOR MAN'S WALDORF."
The public for some time has lost sight
of the hotel built in New York by D. O.
Mil!* for respectable people of small
means, sometimes called "the poor man's
Waldorf," berause it furnishes rather
luxurious quarters for the small sum of
25 cents per day for each room. The
project was conceived as a sort of philan
thropic enterprise — ami it in really phil
anthropic to emancipate men of cleanly
instincts and little money from the n«
j of resorting to the ordinary cheap
i.ilsring hour-e. At the sane lime Mr.
Mills declared at the <.jtp«-t that he be-
I the hotel <-"uld be made to pay
ses and a small profit on the in
vestment in addition, and his provision
has been amply Justified. The building
cost a little more than $1,000,000. Almost
from the time of opening the U64 bed
rooms have been occupied nightly, and
very often hundreds have been 'turned
away. Only six of the ten stores on
the ground floor have been rented up to
the present time. The restaurant was a
considerable Bouroe of j»rollt until the ad
vance in br^ad stuffs itnd provisions.
Meals are furnished at 5, 10 and 15 cent*
each which is about as cheap as any
thing in the eatable line can he figured.
The figures of annual receipts and .-x
penditures. partly estimated, run as fol
lows: Restaurant. $26,000; room rents
i; rent from stores. $3120, making a
totfcl of $138,320. The estimated expenses
at*: Taxes on $500,000 assessment. $».
700* repairs, $500; incidentals, $r>"0; gas and
electric lighting. $7000; 150 employes, at
an average of $9 a week $72,000; water
tax. $lf«>0. Total. $92,200, leaving a net
profit of $46,120 on an outlay of $1,000,000—
a safe 4Vs per cent investment.—Minneapo
lis Tribune.
Odds and Ends.
The sale of salt Is a Government mo
nopoly in China which yields a yearly
revenue of $11,000,000. as the annual
consumption is 3.300,000,000 pounds, and
the importation of foreign Bait is strict
ly prohibited. A license to sell salt
costs $9600 in gold. _
In Persia cutting the hair is a sign
of mourning. .. ':/ -
Coal is not only a source of heat and
light but a storehouse of colors, medi
cines, perfumes and explosives. From
140 pounds of gas tar in a ton of coal
over 2000 distinct shades of aniline dyes
cure made.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
his death, insured his life in the New i
England Mutual Life Insurance Company
In the sum of $5000, the company agree- I
ing to pay him said amount at the end of j
thirty-two years, or August 28, 1897, or to
his executors or administrators within
sixty days after satisfactory proof of his
death.
On December 14, 1892, defendant. Stan
ley, having been appointed administrator
or the estate, collected from the insur
ance company $4!«95 65, under the terms of
the policy, to be paid over to Julia
Nickals, the widow incompetent.
plaintiff alleges that none of this
money was ever received by Mrs. Nickal.-.,
but "that between January 31. 1893, and
December 31, 1594. Stanley wrongfully
used and expended all of this money in
paying the debts of William W. Nickals
and the expenses of his last illness and
funeral and costs of administration";
also that defendant never liled the final
account in the estate and that there has
been no final distribution; that the policy
has never been assigned to the deceased
husband by the widow; and finally, that
demand has been made by plaintiff for
the money but without successful collec
tion.
The guardian asks for Judgment In the
sum of 54:n95 65. together with interest at
7 per cent per annum from January 21,
1593, besides costs.
Funeral of Mrs. N. A. Judd.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15.— The remains of the
late Mrs. N. A. Judd, who died in San
Die-go on the Sth. after months of puffer
ing with cancer, were interred in Moun
tain View Cemetery this afternoon. Mrs.
Judd formerly Mrs. Richardson, formed
the women's Co-operative Printing Com
pany in San Francisco some years ago.
After her marriage to Norris A. Judd the
plant was merged Into the Hicks-Judd
Company, with Mr. Judd as president,
Mrs. Judd holding stock in the concern
up to the time of her death. The ser
vices were held from the First Unitarian
Church, and the floral offerings were
many and beaUtifuL
A Wooing Widow's Fate.
OAKLAND. Oct. 15. — Mrs. Mary
Flaherty, the widow of a veteran, who
signed "a contract to marry John H.
c, an aged Temesealian. must now
pay the latter $268 55 for sundry advances.
Justice of the Peace Wood having to-day
rendered judgment to that effect. It ap
peara that the wooing widow had ob-
I cash and goods from Gregg, dur
ing the wooing season, to the above
amount, when she decided not to marry
him. as she discovered she would have to
forfeit her rights to a pension on account
of her soldier husband's death.
Appointments Revoked.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15.— Constable H. W.
yon Kapff of Alameda township, recently
indicted by the Grand Jury, to-day filed
a revocation of appointment of the fol
lowing named deputies: Ernest Jones,
Jesse Ives. Arthur T. Johns. A. L. Fos
ter. Alfonse Bray, N. B. Vail, A. G.
Burns. George T. Morris, George C. Bird,
li r Cranz. John Roy, George Clark, Otto
Schaeffer, L. T. Ward.
CIRCUS TAKES THE TOWN.
A Most Glittering Pageant and Brilliant
* Show.
WALLACE'S big circus, with its
glitter, its acrobats, its won
ders, clowns, wild men and
iron skulled freak, is in town.
Yesterday afternoon a gorgeous pa
geant traveled the streets and herald
ed its arrival. In the evening the in
itial performance was given and en-
Joyed by a sea of people that crowded
the vast tent to its fullest capacity.
Clear as Alpine horns the brazen
throats of trumpet* gave the signal
for the start of the parade at 2 o'clock
in the afternoon. Heralds clad in
medieval armor advanced and cleared
the way, then followed the gorgeous
cages that held from freedom beasts
of the jungle. Majestic elephants
from Asia, camels in droves, two white
as the sacred beasts that carried to
gether on the trackless desert the men
* of God centuries ago. were there. Then a kaleidoscope of color made By
* prancing horses, dainty ponies and a host of clowns and, last, the calliope,
* singing its siren song. The parade was the delight of thousands, and in the
* evening thousands more enjoyed the mar*>ls of the circus.
* The feats of the performers surpass the usual run, and the mirth
making clowns are always in evidence. The Nelson family, as gymnasts,
are the ben that ever visited this coa-st. From the sponsor of the flock, a
man of Herculean proportions, down
to the tiniest tot, a lad of tender years,
all are artists. The management of
the show challenges the world to pro
duce their equal, and doubtless the
challenge will stand for years to come.
Many of the features are new and
splendidly carried out. Trained ani
mals are in abundance, from the giant
elephant down to plump pug doge.
The closing feature of the circus,
the races on the big hippodrome, is the
most exciting. The chariot race, car
ried down from ancient days, never
ceases to excite the admiration of the
multitudes. At the conclusion of the
circus performance a concert, contain
ing many pleasing features, was given,
and then the crowds bade farewell to
the beasts and freaks of the sideshow,
and the first night of the circus was
at an end.
HIS VALUABLES.
An odd-lookine character wandered into
the Desplair.es street police station ust
before midnight on Friday last In st ature
he was a trifle over medium height, wth
2 form the general outline of which in
clined to angularity and strength. His
«ack coat reflected no credit on the tailor-
Doorly a growth of unkempt blonde hair,
was perched a hybrid canvas hat of the
sombrero pattern, bo badly weather-beat
en that it had lost all semblance of its
o?iein*l form and shape. He was sober,
however and that counted for something
at that hour of the morning in the eyes
of Sergeant Barber, who had charge of
th "Sav at partner." exclaimed the strange
visitant "did you ever hear tell of Rat
tlesnake Harry'? He's pretty well known
°The f '"ergeant y allowed that he had heard \
of the cefebrated charmer of wm,u Si
rentlles but never having met him per- j
ponally' could not identify him if called
U ?'\vell captain, I ain't 'Rattlesnake
Hcrrv ' but lm the next best thing, be
cause I*n his pardner and pride myself
that I know as much about snakes as him
or -mv other man in the hills. ,
The servant did not dispute the word !
of his visitor; in fact, he expressed the
Hi ion that in all probability he was the
,'n.irnplon snake expert in the great Rocky j
"••Thkrs jusfwhat I am, but that don't j
buy a bed and three meals a day in a
place like Chicago." exclaimed the stran
ger sadly "and, to make a lone story
short. I'm here doing business with you
f. r a night's lodging. Do I get what I m
looking for?" . , . ... !
Serpeant Barber has a soft spot in his
heart and after making a few remarks
concerning the advisability of thrift and
an eye to the future informed the man
from Denver that he might He down on
one of the benches in the squadroom.
"Before you go in there, however, he j
added, "you had better deposit your val- i
uables with me until morning. You had ■,
better give me your name also in case
anything should happen to you during the ,:
night."
Say, lleutenan'. tjie name part of that j
order Jb easy," »ald the stranger, "but |
I'm not so Huro about the valuables. My |
name in Harry M. Rodey, from Denver, i
and here's my valuables."
Before the police official was fully
aware of what Rodey was the lat
ter had unbuttoned his vest and uncoiled
a bull «nake fr«»- around . waist. The
creature was about six feet long, and
after being laid on the desk of the horri
fied sergeant colled itself up and pro
ceeded to resume its interrupted sleep, j
Barber lost his nerve for a few momenta |
and hastily summoned Art ur Connelly, j
the lockup-keeper, to his assistance. The '
EACH TRIED
TO END THE
OTHER'S LIFE
Howard Tells of His
Married Life.
HIS WIFE NOT DIVORCED
TROUBLES BEGAN WHILE ON A
HONEYMOON.
Charges His Wife With Attempting
to Asphyxiate Him Twice
While Living in 1
Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Oct. 15.
An answer and cross-complaint were
filed to-day by Henry A. Howard in the di
vorce suit commenced by his wife some
months ago. Just a year ago Miss Nina
B. Marshall of this city married Howard,
who is a wealthy mineowner, and a
month later they separated under most
sensational circumstances.
Mrs Howard declares that her husband
has frequently, tried to take her life, and
that while in an Oakland hotel he was
only deterred from shooting her by the
knowledge that somebody was looking at
him from a window across the street. In
her complaint she declared thatwhile they
were enjoying their honeymoon and were
on a river steamer going to Stockton, her
husband threatened to throw her over
board aa he had already realized that
their marriage was a mistake.
Mrs. Howard declares that her husband
is worth $30,000 and she asks for $T»<"k) cor.n
«el fees and generous alimony. While in
this city the Howards lived at 574 Thir
teenth street and at this place also it la
alleged Howard tried to end his wife's
llfo.
In his answer Howard tells a story
latter had always prided himself on his
familiarity with snakes, but the sisht of
one at that hour of the morning caused
him to retreat in haste to the region of
the cells below. In the meantime the man
from Denver was told to lift his pet from
the top of the desk and carry him out of
sight as quickly as possible.
Mr. Rodey explained that the snake was
harmless, and, to prove his assertion, he
wrapped It around his neck and stretched
himself out on the top of a steam radi
ator. — Chicago Chronicle.
MUCH IN LITTLE.
The oldest iron vessel in the world is
the Michigan, bui't in 1884.
Hohenstadt, In the Grand Duchy of
Baden, has selected a woman as its
town clerk.
According: to Professor Galton, a few
persons see mentally in print every
word they hear uttered.
In many parts of France the coffin of
a peasant woman Is borne to the
upon the shoulders of women.
A clever Atchison (Kans.) woman
haß induced her boys to take the yr«nr
est Interest in keeping her wood box
filled with kindling by calling the
hatchet a machete.
Eight Mormon missionaries have
been sent to New Zealand from New
South Wales to work among the Ma
oris, among whom there are 4000 mem
bers of the Mormon church.
W. W. Beach, a member of the Brit
ish Parliament, said recently at an
election meeting that during nearly
forty years of parliamentary service he
had never opened his mouth In Parlia
ment.
Hildeshelm's famous 1000-year-old
rosebud is blooming again and has wiit
out new shoots. For two years p.ist
it was feared that it was dying from
insect parasites, but it has been I
by applications of whitewash and ker
osene.
The mines In Manchuria, Recording
to the report of a Chinese official, tiu
situated in a country covered twelvr
feet deep with snow in winter, and In
fested in summer and autumn with sn
insect which makes life unbearable.
The costliest collection of stamps in
the world is said to be that of Herr
P de Terrary in Paris, representing an
outlay of 51.250.0 W.
— ~~" WHERE IT IS USEFUL.
Little Edward— Pa, what i does "targe"
mean? .
Pa— l dunno. I gu«is It don't mean
anything in particular, The war poets
just keep, it to use when they get stuck
and want a rhyme for charge.— Cleveland
Leader. — -
quite as tragic and no less romantic. He
recites that soon after their wedding day
he learned that his wife was an undi
vorced woman, and believing himself to
have been injured he charges her in his
cross-complaint with bigamy. He alleges
that he has positive proof of this fact
and he states that just one month after
the marriage the woman quietly got out
of bed while her husband slept, and turn
ed on the gas with an evident intention of
asphyxiating him. To protect herself It
is said that Mrs. Howard slightly opened
a window and laid near it. When Howard
awoke he detected the gas, jumped o:it
of bed, threw open the window, turned off
the gas and demanded an explanation,
which he says his wife thus expressed:
"I wanted to kill myself."
Howard alleges that this experience was
repeated the next night, only on the sec
ond occasion his wife went to another
room. He then fled to his mines at An
gels Camp, where he has since resided,
but according to his complaint, he says
he has not been free even there from his
wife's actions. Tie alleges that in connec
tion with one Willford Dennis she has at
tempted to obtain money from him. In
cidentally Howard alleges many other un
pleasant and sensational charges against
his wife. It will devolve upon Judge Hall
to straighten out this matrimonial tangle.
GENERAL KELLY TRIES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
THE INDUSTRIAL LEADER TAKES
POISON.
Rescued by a Woman's Presence of
Mmd — No Cause Assigned for
the Rash Attempt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 15.
T. C. Kelly, who was once known as
general of the Industrial Army, tried to
end his life at Elmhurst yesterday by
taking carbolic acid. He was prevented
by the presence of mind of Mrs. Shreve,
who was in the Kelly home at the time
he made the rash attempt.
When Mrs. Shreve saw what Kelly had
done she promptly sent for Dr. Lynch,
who found that the labor leader had done
nothing more serious than burn his lips
and mouth.
Kelly has not been heard of for twb
years/and he has been living quietly with
his family at Elmhurst. Some time ago
he made a statement to the effect that he
had found that the "Industrial Army"
method of producing reforms is not the
most practicable. Since the return of the
general from his celebrated march to
Washington that ended when he reached
th< Mississippi, Kelly has returned to his
trade as a printer, and has been steadily
employed, being a first-class workman.
No cause is known for his desire to die.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LAFAYETTE DAY— P. 8., City. Octo
ber 19 has been named as Lafayette day.
VIVIAN GRKY-S,, City. "Vivian
Grey," by Benjamin Disraeli, Earl of Bea
consiield, was published in 1826-27.
PEACE COMMISSIONERS— J. C. P..
City. Congress has not yet made any ap
propriation for the payment of the Peace
Commissioners.
BATTLE OF MALATE— M. J. G., City.
The account of the battle before Malate,
July 31. I^B, was published In The Call
of August 9 and 10.
A MORTGAGE— A. S.. VacavlUe, Cal.
A mortgage may be dated back. The
question of date is only effective from
the time of delivery.
MORRIS-DUSTAN— C. D., City. Mrs. R.
J. Dustan was not the leading lady at the
Orpheum with Felix Morris when he ap
peared there a few weeks ago.
THE NUMBER— C. H. P., Fort Point,
City. This department cannot furnish
the* number of the house in Paris,
France, in which the Viscountess d'Hen
riot put an end to her life.
HIS FATHER'S SON— L, M. V., Angel,
Calaveras County, CaJ. If a man says:
"Brothers and sisters have I none, but
that man's father is my father's son."
the speaker refers to himself and his own
son.
PAY OF LIEUTENANTS-A. O. A.,
City. The pay of a first lieutenant in
the United States army is: Mounted,
$1600 per year; not mounted, $1500; that
of a second lieutenant Is, mounted, $1500;
not mounted, $1400.
LEVI P. MORTON— J. J. L., United
States steamer Concord, Manila, P. I.
Levi P. Morton was 64 years of age at the
time he was elected to the office or vice
President of the United States in 18SS.
He was born in lsM.
THE CONSTITUTION— G. C. M., Palo
Alto. Cal. The constitution of the State
of California is to be found in the codes
of the State, in the California Blue Book,
and may be obtained as a separate publi
cation through any book seller.
SMITH AND GRIFFEN-T. R., City.
Solly Smith and Johnny Griffen met for
the first time in the ring at Roby. Ind.,
in the hall of the Columbian Athletic
Club July 10, 1893. Purse $6000; Griffen
knocked out in four rounds.
CLOSING STREETS— E., City. For a
century or so before 1798 chains were
strung across the streets of Philadelphia
in the vicinity of churches so that the
worshipers should not be disturbed by
the sound of wagon wheels rolling over
the pavement.
DANCING— Dancer, City. How much
space a person covers in dancing is not
known to a nicety, but approximately the
distance has been measured with a pedo
meter. The average length of a waltz is
half a mile, a polka three-quarters of a
mile, a schottische a mile and a half.
PROBATING A WILL— V. J. T., Jamul,
Cal. As your communication does not
state where the party died, this depart
ment is unable to gi'we the desired in
formation in relation to the probating of
a will. If you will furnish the place of
death and the estimated value of the
estate, the answer will be given.
ROBERT WATT— F. M., San Jose, Cal.
There is nothing astonishing in the state
ment that Robert Watt had turned Re
puoilcan this year. If he has, he and
many more prominent Democrats who are
dis^atisfipd with the nomination by the
Democratic party of Maguire will vote
for Gage. .
A MORTGAGE-R. O. T. C, City. In
law in California the life of a mortgage,
ontera renewed. is four years if executed
in this State, two years if executed out
ride of the State: that i» to say. action
must be commenced within four or two
years.
THAT FOUNDATION— W. R. 8.. Ala
meda Cal. The foundation of the Claus
Spreckels building at the corner of Mar
ket and Third streets is not laid on piles.
It is concrete and iron and extends about
ei&ht feet beyond the line of the outer
walls.
CIVIL SERVICE LEAGUE— Reader,
Oakland, Cal. None of the prominent peo
ple connected with the civil service in
this city are aware of the existence in
California of- a Civil Service League, but
there i* an anti-Civil Service League In
San Francl«co T. F. Bachelder is the
dr° Went and K. M. Galvin the secre
tary. de ,
PHOTOGRAPHg-O. P. H., City. The
i first photograph pictures from life W«M
Iby J W Draper In 1X39. In Johnson's
I Univr-flal Cyclopedia tlure is an inter
estlng and concise history of photography
which will give you all the Information
: desired on the subject. It can be seen at
thy reference room of the Fre« Public
| Library. ,
THE NAVAL ACADEMY— Subscriber,
City. TluTv ta no fixed time for iht- «-x
amii.i'.tiou of candidates for admission to
the Uait«d States Naval Academy at An
napoiis. Nominations are made by Repre-
Bf rtatives either with or without c mpetl
tiv'e examination. Each Representative
makes the nomination whenever he Is no
tified that there is a vacancy in his dis
trict by reason of the graduation or
death of the candidate previously ap
CHARTER AMENDMENT
FAILS TO CARRY
OUTVOTED AT THE POLLS BY
A BARE MAJORITY.
The Measure t« Provide Berkeley
With a Police Court Defeated at
the Special Election.
BERKELEY, Oct. 15.— The special elec
tion held to-day for the purpose of vot
ing upon an amendment to the city char
ter, providing for the establishment of
a local police court, resulted An the de
feat of the measure by a majority of 33.
The election was called by the Board
of Trustees in pursuance of a recent de
cision of the Supreme Court declaring
the Judiciary of the university town to
have been illegally constituted. An
amendment to the freeholders' charter
was accordingly proposed which complied
with the terms of the law. This was
submitted to the residents of the city
to-day, with the result stated above. As
a consequence Berkeley must go on, as
it has for the last four months, without
any means whatever of enforcing its mu
nicipal ordinances or of having law and
order properly maintained.
The voting in the different wards was
as follows:
"Ward. Total. For. Against.
First 160 87 73
Second 127 88 29
Third (a) 122 43 79
Third (b) 104 67 37
Fourth 85 37 48
Fifth 91 62 39
Sixth 73 5 68
Seventh 79 13 64
m 444 m
The figures show that the greatest op
; position was in West Berkeley, where in
i one ward only five votes were cast in its
favor. East Berkeley and South Berkeley
also had a balance against the measure.
City Attorney Brewton A. Hayne, when
seen after the returns were in, said the
amendment was defeated because it pro
vided that the Police Judge should be ap
pointed by the Board of Trustees instead
of elected by the people. "It is unrea
sonable to suppose," he explained, "that
the residents of the city could deliberately
outvote a measure which seeks only to
secure law and order In the community.
It is quite evident that they objected to
the appointive system which this amend
ment embodies. Personally I favor the
appointive system, and I know that the
Board of Trustees, the Good Government
Club and the North Berkeley Improve
ment Club all used their influence In its
favor. I feel confident that if the meas
ure had been framed so as to call for the
election of the Police Judge by the peo
ple It would have carried with scarcely
pointed. The candidate must have suffi
ciently advanced in education to be able
to pass a careful examination in reading,
writing, orthography, arithmetic, gram
mar, geography and history of the United
Sttaes. A boy who has had a high-school
education ought to have no difficulty in
passing the prescribed examination.
THE CITY HALL— J. 8., City. The
land upon which the City Hall of San
Francisco now stands was the property
of the city and county of San Francisco,
having been set apart as a park. Pre
vious to that the site was the Yerba
Buena Cemetery.
COLUMBIAN HALF DOLLARS— J. X..
City. Columbian half dollars were coined
by an act of Congress of August 5, 1592,
and Columbian quarter dollars by an act
of Congress of March 3. 1593. Both of
these coins are a legal tender in a sum
not exceeding $10.
THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE— T. L.,
City. There are more than 200.000 words
in the English language. The German,
then the French, come next in the great
est number of words, but there are not
any two authorities that agree as to the
number of words.
UNCLE SAM— H. TV. N.. City. It is
doubtful if there is any record of who it
was that conceived the well-known cari
cature of Uncle Sam. The idea was to
represent a down Easter as typical of the
people of the United States, just as the
caricature of John Bull is used to repre
sent the people of England.
JORDAN'S LECTURE-O. C. M.. Palo
Alto, Cal. This department has not been
able to find any letter by David Starr
Jordan on the Philippines, but there have
been published a number of notices ol
a lecture which he recently delivered on
that subject and which attracted a great
deal of attention.
WILLIAM ALLEN WHITE— Q. C. M.,
Palo Alto. Cal. William Allen White's
'"The Real Issue" is published in book
form, and may be obtained from any
first-class book dealer. His "What's the
Matter With Kansas?" was not pub
lished in book form, but appeared in the
paper with which he la connected.
ART INSTITUTE— A. S., City. The
answer to your question in regard to the
Art Institute appeared in Answers to
Correspondents in The Call of Tuesday,
October 4. IS9B. If you had carefully
watched for the answer there would not
have been any occasion for writing a
letter of complaint. The fault was not
with this department, but with yourself.
JOHN D. SIEBE— N. S., City. When
John D. Siebe was elected Assessor eight
years ago he was a candidate on the Re
publican ticket; when he was elected
four years ago he was a candidate on the
Non-Partisan ticket and was supported
by the Republicans; this year he is a
candidate on the Republican ticket and is
supported by the Non-Partisan3.
SEA PORTS— A. S. A.. City. This de
partment has not the space to publish a
list of the principal sea ports of the Unit
ed States. You will find a list of them in
"Commerce and Navigation of the United
States," to be seen in the reference-room
of the Free Public Library. It contains a
list of the customs districts with the
names of the ports of entry and delivery.
DEATHS IN THE ARMY— lnquirer,
City. According to a report from the of
fice of Adjutant General Corbin, in which
is given the deaths in the United States
arrry from all causes between May 1 and
S< jitember 30, the number was 1310. Of
this number there were 107 officers.
Twenty-three officers and 257 enlisted men
were killed. 4 officers and 61 enlisted men
died of wounds and 80 officers and 2485 en
listed men died of disease.
DEPOSIT IN riA-Si:-^T. P., City. The
deposit of an individual in a Bfcvfngfl
bank Is subject to garnishment upon a
proper showing before a court in an ac
tion for debt. The court may inquire of
the officers of a savings bank if the de
fendant in the action haß any money 01
other personal property on deposit in the
bank, and If the answer is in the affirma
tive the court can order the bank officers
to turn such property over to the Sheriff.
A BANK IN LIQUIDATION—Subscrib
«r, Mendocino, Cal. i Without a knowledge
i of the condition of the bank in. liquidation i
! and the possibility of meeting the claims '
'■■ of depositors it -would be Impossible to tell j
if the amount bid for your claim against
the bank to satisfy a Judgment obtained
against you was a fair one or not. Nor
Is this department able to determine if !
there -was collusion between any of the
i parties named. - If there was, your rem
edy would be an action at law to have the
proceedings set aside, ,
OFFICIAL. REGISTER— J. H.. Placer
vllle, Cal. The book that contains "the
names positions ; and salaries of all the
officers of the General Government of the
UnttcG States from President down, also
the raises and pay of every Conaul of inn
United States/ 18 to be found only in
"The Official Register of ; the United
States." two volumes, No. 1 devoted to
legislative, executive and judicial, 1269
pages, and No. 2, devoted to the postofflce
and postal service. 1474 pages. This is
issued by the Government printing office
at Washington. - -■ ■ :-
MUSHROOMS-M. R. R.. City. The
purest test for ascertaining If mushrooms
are edibl* or if they are of the poisonous
kind i« to put a pure silver spoon in tbe
pan when they are being cooked. If the
spoon turns biack, turn the mushrooms
Into the waste barrel. An onion may also
be used for the same purpose. If the
any opposition. Doubtless we shall have
another election before very long, when
a measure more agreeable to the opinion*
of the people will be submitted."
Bowling and Billiard Tournament.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 15.— The bowling and
billiard tournament of the Encinal Yacht
Club Is attracting a great deal of atten
tion. Last night the first of the bowling
games was played, the participants being
Dr. and Mrs. C. l*. Tisdale, Mr. and Mrs.
R. H. Swayne and Mr. and Mrs. H.% K.
Field. The scores are not made public.
The next bowling match will be played
on Friday evening ri".xt. H. C. Ward
won the game of the billiard tournament
that was played last night, defeating Dr.
C. L. Tisdale and L. A. Redman?" Another
game will be played to-night.
Company G's Bill of Fare.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 15.— Quartermaster
Huff of Company G. Eighth Regiment,
now at Vancouver Barracks, writes con
tradicting the accounts that have been
circulated with regard to the food sup
plied t© the troops. He enumerates the
list of articles furnished, which includes
th-i regular army rations, together with
such delicacies as catibage, carrots, hali
but and saimon. He asserts that there is
no ground for any complaint on the part
of the privates about their food.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 15.— Rev. George R.
Dodson of the Unitarian church will
preach to-morrow morning for the first
time since his European trip. His morn
ing subject nil! bo "The Religious Work
the New Age Tails For."
The executive committee of the Ladies'
Seamen's Friend Society gave a well-ui
tended reception at the residence of Mrs.
A. McAnny, 25 !5 Central avenue, on Thurs
day.
The promenade concert given by the En
cinal Recreation Club last evening as the
first of a series this season was well at
tended and greatly enjoyed by those
present.
Many of the prominent boatmen of thi3
city left this afternoon to attend the row
ing regatta at Glierneville.
The reception given last evening by the
Epworth League of the First M. E.
Church proved a very pleasant arfair and
was largely attended.
iii.. Recorder A. F. St. Sure of this city
has been honored by being elected su
preme Becond vice pr< sident of the Young 1
Men's Institute Supreme- Council, in ses
sion at St. Louis this week.
The choir of Christ Church is preparing
to give a concert next Thursday evening
at Harmoiiifc Hall for the benefit of the
church.
Increasing Ferry Business.
OAKLAND, Oct. 15— The Davie Ferry
Company is about to put an additional
steamer on the route between Oakland
and San Francisco, owing to the Increased
amount of freight being received daily at
the Franklin-street wharf. In all proba
bility, the steamer Mount Eden, now un
dergoing repairs at Hay & Wright's ship
yards, will be put in commission on u»e
run.
onion turns black or is not of its natural
color when taken from the cooked mush
rooms, then follow the same dM
in the teat " the spoon. Another 1
to rub the upper skin of a raw mushroom
with a gold ring or any other piece of
gold. The part rubbed will turn yellow ir
it is a poisonous fungus.
ILLITERACY— S. Jr.. City. Mullhall
! pays that of the European*?, the percent
i age of illit- racy is as follows for the
I countries named: Scandanavians, 3 per
! cent; Germany. 4 peat oent; Switzerland,
i 5 per cent: Scotland, 6 per cent, and Eng
| land. .9 per cent.
WINDOW BREAKERS— E. U., City. If
persons smash windows in your house
and the police fail to catch the parti-s
in the act you are not authorized "to take
! the law in my own hands by breaking
' the skulls of the offenders." Two wrongs
• never make a right. If you know who
! it is that has done the damage you com-
I plain of you should have the party or
| parties arrested upon complaint sworn to
before one of the Police Judges. An ar
rest, conviction and punishment will ef
fect the result you desire.
HOO-HOO IN CALIFORNIA— F. W.
N., City. The fact has been made known
to this department that there is In Cali
fornia a branch of the Concatenated Or
der of Hoo-Hoo. It is an organization
composed of lumbermen and those con
nected with the trade. There is but ona
regularly appointed officer in each State,
Charles "J. Church of 21-26 First street.
San Francisco, is the vicegerent snark
for California. The membership in this
State is nearly 300 and meetings are held
in the Odd Fellows" building in San Fran
cisco.
THE CROSS IN THE PARK-H. E..
: City. The large cross in Golden Gate
| Park, known as the Sir Francis Drake or
! Prayer Cross, was erected in the year
1593 and was unveiled with appropriate
1 "ceremonies on the Ist of January, 1894.
It was built for the late George W. Childs
; of Philadelphia, who donated it to the
; people of California as a memorial of the
services held on the shore of Drake 3
! Bay about St. John the Baptist's Day,
1 June 24, 1579. by Francis Fletcher, priest
of the Church of England, chaplain of Sir
; Francis Drake, chronicler of the services,
the first Christian service in the English
tongue on our coast.
NICKNAMES OF STATES— Subscriber,
! Newman, Cal. The following are the
j States of the Union to which nicknames
have been given:
Alabama. Cotton; Arkansas, Bear, Tooth
i pick- California, Golden; Colorado. Centennial;
Connecticut. Steady Habits, Xutmog, free
; stone; Dakota. Sioux; Delaware. Diamond. Blue
1 Hen Uncle Sam's Pocket Handkerchief ; Flori
' da. Peninsular. Even; Flowery; Georgia,
Empire of the South; Idaho, Gem or the West;
lilinulK Prairie, Sucker; Indiana, Hooster:
lowa. Hawkeye; Kansas, Garden of the West.
Jay-hawker; Kentucky. Corn Cracker. Blue
Gra"? Dark and Bloody; Louisiana, Creole.
Pelican; Maine, Lumber. Timber, Pine Tree;
' Maryland Old Line. Monumental; .-*arhu
. setS Baked Beans. Bay. Old Bay, Old Colony:
MicniKan. Lake. Wolverine; Minnesota. North
«tar Gophor. La*e: Mississippi. Baypu. Eagle;
Missourir Iron, Puke; Nebraska, Blackwater.
Antelope: Nevada. Silver. Saso Brush; New
Hampshire. Granite. Switzerland of America:
\ew Jer-ey Garden, New Spain. Blue; N«-w
I York Empire, Excelsior. Knickerbocker; North
Carolina Old North. Turpentine. Rip \an
' Winkle- Ohio, Buckeye; Oregon. Webfoot.
Beaver.' Pacific; PennaylTMla, pystcme. Iron.
OH- XUiode Island. UtUe Rhody, Plantation:
I South Carolina. Palmetto: Tennessee, Volun
teer-Texas Lone Star. Dtah. Mormon: -Ver
mont Green Mountain; Virginia. Mother of
'■ Pmldcnti Old Dominion. Ancient Dominion:
i West Virginia. Switzerland of America; .* Is
consin. Badger. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FRjf TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Diseorers &
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
f Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne. Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of loßt manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
pnckages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
anv form of sexual weaknc resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. . __ .
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of waimth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the 111* and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
vou desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The Institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when tha
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its* recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* ar«
requested to write without delay.
1516
PLEDGE THEIR
SUPPORT TO THE
NEW FERRY
Prominent Oakland Property
Owners Who Enthuse Over
the Project.
They Appreciate Its Importance to the
Bay Cities and Are Ready to
Invest in the Enterprise.
But what is hindering the rapid
promotion of this laudable scheme is
the fact that there is a bad spirit
under the surface here — one that by
all ways of innuendo seeks to destroy
confidence in the syndicate that is
proposing to build this ferry line. If
the people of the deadly tongue could
be silenced it would be much easier
to get the business under way at an
early date. — J. C. McMullen, banker,
Oakland, in an interview.
The announcement in Tha Call a few
days ago that the Realty Syndicate had
determined to establish a fast exclusive
passenger service between Emeryville
and San Francisco, to connect with th<=ir
electric street car system covering Oak
land. Berkeley and Alameda has awak
ened a lively interest in the proposition
among the cities across the bay. There
" THE PEOPLE NEED IT."
** \ J ITH every other man in Emeryville. lam confident that the
\ i / Realty Syndicate proposes to establish its opposition ferry serv-
V ice in Just as short a time as so big a work can be accom
plished, and we are all more than willing to back our faith
with such substantial support as we can afford. Every day I meet people
here in my store who have money on deposit in local savings banks, and
they tell me that as soon as some one shall take the Initiative they will
turn such funds over to the syndicate In accordance with the five-year
loan system that is proposed. Since The Call first began the support of
the ferry project some of the San Francisco papers, particularly the Chron
icle and the Bulletin, have trk-d to throw cold water on the scheme; but
such tactics have done no harm other than to themselves. The people
here need this ferry, and the roads we have needed for years, and I am
confident that we will get them, despite any such inspired opposition."
have been co many projects of this kind
that the people are inclined to be incredu
lous, but there are men of prominence
over t lie bay who not only appreciate the
vast benefits that would accrue from
Buch an enterprise, but who have be
come convinced through investigation
that the present promoters of a new ferry
are in earnest and intend to afford the
public that long-desired relief.
"What is far more important is the fact
that they freely express their opinions
as to the advantages to be derived from
euch a service, and are ready to back
their judgment with their money.
The interviews that follow will show
how deeply they are interested, as against
that class of the community in Oakland
who arc with tongue and pen endeavor
ing to discredit the enterprise. Notwith
standing the efforts of these interested
decriers, there are to be meetings of
property-owners in Berkeley and the dis
trict adjacent to Emeryville to confer
•with the representatives of the syndicate
during the coming week. A general meet
ing of the live business men of Oakland
Is expected to be held some time next
month.
A copy r,f the preliminary agreement
between the subscribers to investment
shares :ir.<i the syndicate appears else
where in this ai tide.
J. C. Mc.VILI.KN, president Oakland
Loan and Investment Company Savings
Bank— l am thoroughly in accord with
the movements of the Realty Syndicate
to construct a competitive ferry system.
The establishment of such an enterprise
would be of untold value to the cities
on this Hide of the bay. It would imme
diately cause the appreciation of realty
values and the building up of sections
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fi—Z Km Ihb m ■B^"'
Terrible
Speedily Cured By
CUTICURA
My baby was about onr week? old when he
began to suffer from that terrible disease,
Eczema. I tried every remedy I thought
would do him good. I even called in tha
doctor who told me it would wear away in
time, but I used his medicine to no account. I
did not know what to do with him. He cried
all the time and his face was equal to a raw
piece of meat, it was horrible, and looked as
if there was never any skin on it. I bad to
carry him around on a pillow. I was fairly
discouraged. I was then recommended to use
Cuticcba Remedies. The first time I used
them I could see the change. I used about
half a box of Cdticuha (ointment), and not
one half cake of Ccticuba Soap, and at the
end of one short week my baby teas entirely
cured. There has never been a trace of it
•ince, to-day his skin is as smooth and soft
as a piece of silk. Mrs. J. C. FREKSE,
Feb. 21, '98. 360 So. Ist St., Brooklyn, B. D.
ilpTjjrfJOl To know that ■ warm bath with Cm-
lYiuinCnd* ccba fr<UF, and a single anointing
with Ccticcb* , pnrett of emollient skin cares, will afford
Initant relief in the most distressing of itching, burning,
and scaly infantile humors of the sVin and scalp, with
low of hair, and not to use them. Is to fall in your duty.
This treatment meant comfort and rest for parent as well
m grateful relief and refreshing sleep for child, and is
pure, sweet, safe, speedy, and economical. •
Sold thr»nahera« th« world. Tom* T>nva xnv Csmc
©o»r, B«#tt*. B»w to Cure Bib? Humors, fir**.
■ .■■■:-.■■
of Oakland that would otherwise remain
idle for years to some. There is none so
idiotic here as to be unable to see tho
vasi benefit to be derived from the ope
ration of such a line. Competition is
what we want. It will be the making of
the city, and 1 have decided to invest in
the ferry enterprise. But what is hin
dering the rapid promotion of this laud
able scheme is the fact that there is a
bad spirit under the surface here — on©
that by all manner of innuendo seeks to
destroy confidence in the syndicate that
Is proposing to build this ferry line. If
these people of the deadly tongue could
be properly silenced it would be much
easier to get the business under way at
an early date. I consider Frank M.
Smith, the president of the syndicate, as
the most enterprising citizen of Oakland,
and as he has built up a splendid car sys
tem out of chaos I am confident he could
make a success of the ferry.
CRAIGIE SHARP, secretary Oakland
Board of Trade— l am heart and soul with
this enterprise. Its completion would
mean millions to the people on this side
of the bay. If the city of Oakland would
bond itself for one million dollars to make
this enterprise a success it would prove
its greatest step for advancement. The
point selected for the location of the
ferry is the logical center of distribution
for this shore. I have personally examined
all the syndicate's lands, and find them
first clans, and I devoted two days to the
investigation of their streetcar lines.
They are in excellent shape, and we are
receiving better service than ever before.
If the people can be made to realize what
this movement means to them they will
be glad to give it most hearty support. I
regret to say that there is a certain
money-loaning element here that is act
ively antagonizing the enterprise. How
ever, the proposition will be placed prop
erly before the leading men of enterprise
in Oakland at an early date. The ferry
ought to be built, and if it is not it will
be the fault of the people of this city,
for these men mean business, and only
ask for reasonable treatment from our
people.
M. J. KELLER-I am in thorough sym
pathy with the ferry project, and have
been advocating the establishment of such
an enterprise for many years. Emery
ville is the proper point to~ centralize tne
bay passenger traffic of a good portion of
Oakland and Berkeley. The lines of . the
Realty Company -would reach out like a
fan to gather in the travel, and with the
right management they would be able to
give comfortable and rapid transit. I
have such faith in the project that I am
willing to invest in it when the proper
time comes. If the syndicate can satisfy
the people as to their exact intentions.—
make their proposition pLain — they vnll
doubtless receive substantial encourage
ment. That section between Oakland and
Berkeley must be settled up sooner or
later, and the fact that the establishment
of a minor business center at Emeryville
might divert some business in that direc
tion should not be brought forward as a
reason for opposing the enterprise.
WILLIAM R. DAVIS— The proposition
of the Realty Syndicate to establish a
competitive ferry is a worthy one and I
sincerely hope it will succeed. Their se
lection "of Emeryville for their landing
place is judicious. Taking their system of
car lines I should say that their main line
leading down to the ferry, for illustration,
could be considered the handle of an im
mense fan and the branches running to
Berkeley, Piedmont, Oakland, East Oak
land and Alameda the branches thereof.
These branch lines would be feeders cov
ering an extensive territory, much of
"*" CONFIDENT OF SUCCESS
+
JF. STOER— Mr. Stoer is the ■
head of the general mer- -
chandise firm of Stoer & Son, ■
* one of Emeryville's largest -
land-holders, and shares the confl- ■
dence and enthusiasm of his neigh- ■
bors. He said: "I know that the •
boats and the car lines will be ply- •
ing in and out of Emeryville as ■
soon as the syndicate can put them •
in. It was a dream with us for -
years, but until now no action has ■
been taken. From business propo- •
sitions made to me by the princi- ■
pals, I know that they are in earn
est. No, I cannot say what these ■
propositions are, but upon the ■
strength of them I felt that real •
estate in this vicinity was so good
an investment that only the other
day I bought another acre of
Emeryville land for $15,000."
Mr. Stoer further spoke of the
unwarranted opposition to the plan
by certain local publications, and
reiterated that though cold water ■
had been used in plenty, prelimin
ary arrangements had not been re
tarded.
which is now sparsely settled, but which
would eventually, by reason of the estab
lishment of such a system, become thickly
populated. One of the principal argu
ments in favor of this proposed ferry is
the fact that the people in the northern
and western part of Oakland and those
of Berkeley and intermediate points have
to come to the southern end of this city
before they can actually start in the di
rection of San Francisco. In other words,
they have to traverse one side of
a long triangle before they make
any progress. With this new line they
could save this extra time and travel and
thereby enjoy much more satisfactory
service. There is a field here for such an
enterprise, but it needs to be placed be
fore the business men of this city in a
manner to demand their attention and I
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
THE OLYMPICS FAIL TO SCORE.
Calif omias 16, Olympics 0.
Another defeat for the Olympics; an
other victory for California; a lecture
from Cochran; strange words from the
lips of Pete Smith, and a score of 16—0
That Is the story of the football game
yesterday between the Athletic club and
the College men. Cochran was dissatis
fied at the meagerness of the score; Smith
was disgruntled at the absence of any
score for the Olympics, and, therefore,
Cochran lectured and Smith said some
thing that is not heard in polite society.
The game was the best seen this year,
due to the manifested strength of the
Olympics. In the two previous games
they were notoriously weak, but In the
match yesterday there was some show
of playing. Hobbs, the big and fleshy,
played left guard. It was his introduction
to football this season, as he had not
'trained a day, and went on without a
minute's notice. His playing, considering
the disadvantages under which he labored,
was surprisingly tine. Unassisted, he
would go through the California line
again and again, his muscles sore from
their unaccustomed exertions and his
wind in the worst possible condition.
Sheeny also played well, as did Bandy and
Erskine. In fact, the entire Olympic line
was incomparably stronger than in the
two preceding games.
The playing of the University of Cali
fornia team was not as full of da-sh and
spirit as was anticipated. Perhaps It was
due to the unexpected front in their way
to touchdown or a feeling of security. In
dividually, some very creditable work was
done. Kaarsberg played good baJl, kick
ing for substantial distances and occa
sionally pirouetting in the air for a flying
gyratory leap. Craig, on the California
left end, shone with brilliance. His going
down the field on kicks and his tackling
were splendid exhibitions of football.
The game was more interesting to the
spectators on acount of the abundance of
kicking on both sides. California gained
an inestimable advantage over its adver
saries by the superiority of Kaarsberg's
punting Percy Morse failed to cover dis
tance in his kicking, but this was all he
failed in. With but a week's practice, he
played his usual spirited game, bucking
the' line or running the ends lor persisi-
know of no better -way than to gather
them in a meeting, after the election is
over, and give them a comprehensive ex
planation of the project.
CAPTAIN R. W. GIFFORD, prominent
real estate man of the borough of Golden
Gate and from the start an active worker
for the new service — "Do we want it?"
paid he, yesterday. "Why, we are going
to hold a citizens' meeting here on Tues
day night for the purpose of declaring
our intention to support the project clear
through. You won t find any one in this
section who does not want it or won't
work for it and put his money up if
necessary. One lady of means told me
AGREEMENT OF SUBSCRIBERS.
For and In consideration of the benefit to be derived by me from the carrying out
of "THE REALTY SYNDICATE'S" ferry proposition at Emeryville, and in order to
induce the said company to hasten the bulMlng of the ferry, I hereby subscribe for
O f the preferred shares of the t>>Ud "THE REALTY STNDICATE" of the
value of dollars, to be paid for by me as follows, to wit: One-fifth (1-5) of
said amount (J ) to be paid to the order of said "THE REALTY SYNDICATE"
within thirty (30) days after the commencement of the work on the mole, and four
fifths (4-5) (S ) on tne completion of the ."aid system, connecting: Emeryville
with San Francisco, the said payments as soon as made to draw Interest at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum, payable semi-annually, and to participate pro rata in all
dividends declared on the capital stock of said "THE REALTY SYNDICATE" in
excess of said 6 per cent, and the moneys so subscribed and paid in shall be due and
payable to the said subscriber, his heirs or assigns, five (5) years from the date of the
final payment.
All of the above is with the distinct proviso that "THE REALTY SYNDI
CATE" shall begin work on the said ferry system on or before July 1, ISS9, and
complete the same on or before January 1, 1901. in which caee this contract to be
in full force and standing, otherwise to be null and void.
yesterday that she would walk seven
blocks from her home in her stocking
feet to ride on the first car. and there are
a lot more of us would do the same thin£
to get a car service or a ferry-boat that
would land us in San Francisco In time to
do business. One of the biggest argu
ments with our people here is a quick
trip and one fare from San Fransico to
our doorsteps. The ferry is bound to be
built. It's a logical sequence. Put a sea
wall in here at Emeryville front and we
have the best deep-water harbor on the
DELIBERATELY STRANGLED HIMSELF.
The body of George H. Williams,
a laborer, was found at half-past 8
o'clock yesterday morning in a
vacant lot at the intersection of
Eighteenth and Folsom streets.
Williams had tied a handkerchief
around his neck and the other end
to a piece of rope. This he had
knotted around one of the posts
of a cubical hollow frame used
when raising' houses. The frame .
to which the rope was tied was
about four feet from the ground,
and Williams threw himself down
and deliberately strangled him
self.
Blue and Sold
Once .More on
Top.
ent grains and never faltering a moment.
Wilson, the other Olympic half-back, con
ducted himself becomingly, and Code was
in every play. Altogether, the match was
on a higher plane than any other of the
season.
In a very few minutes after the kick off
the blue and gold scored the first touch
down. GreiHberg shook himself out of the
pack on the Olympic thirty-five-yard
line, after appropriating the ball on a
fumble and ran right on until he was
forced ln-touch about eight yards from
the goal line. An offside play on the part
of the clubmen gave the blue and gold
live yards and then Hall carried the pig
skin over. No goal was kicked. Score
6-0. and the Olympics sad.
There was little of excitement in what
remained of the first half except toward
the very close when the Olympics ruffled
their own fur a bit and said to themselves
that they would do things. From their
own thirty-yard line by a succession of
bucks, end runs and smashings through
the left side of Berkeley's line, Morse,
Erskino, Sheohy and Hobbs advanced the
ball about forty yards toward the Cali
fornia posts. Then an interchange, of
punts followed and the whistle called an
end to the play for that half.
In the second half the Olympics, forti
fied by resolution and much water, de
termined to win out. At this they failed,
however. A few tries through the line
after the kick off and the ball dropped
into Morse's hands on the center Ifne.
Interchanges of punts were then in order
and then the Olympics did just what they
should never have done and what they
had been doing all through the game—
I coast. Let the State spend half the money
for harbor facilities for us that it has for
! the other side and transcontinental
1 freight will be soon going no farther than
; Oakland. We have good water front, the
! best building land, and we have what is
! naturally the commercial oer>ter of the
j State. There are plenty of the wealthy
! kind in this district, and they one and all
are ready to back their faith in this plan
with their hard cash."
J. B. HAXTER. another of the stanch
men who have always stood for Emery
ville and its best interests— l've been here
I since there were only 800 people In the
i city of Oakland. I've seen the city grow
for the benefit of the Central Pacific ever
since, and I want to say that if I had
the means I should have built this ferry
liii" my.self, and years ago. It la tho
best solid business opportunity that I
have seen since I have been in the State.
Emeryville is the logical center of Oak
land, and with the new ferry and car
lines coming together here the tide of
traffic and improvement will he turned
our way. and ten years will see a solid
city from Oakland's limit to Berkeley.
We are all confident that the plan will
The dead man was about 60 years
old, and had worked in an iron
foundry. He had been out of em
ployment for some time, and be
came despondent.
T\ie Clubmen Im
prove T^eir
Play,
Vepy Rougl2 Work,
Jill Jllong the
Line.
fumble. California s:ot the pigskin on
the Olympic fifteen-yard line and then
Hall and Kaarsberg succeeded in carry-
Ing it to the desired spot behind the g-oal
lines. Score 10-0, and the Olympics sad
der.
The kickink still continued and there
was some more consistent fumbling on
the part of the club men. Hall made one
of his startling twenty-five-yard runs,
bowling over McClaine with a straight
arm and shaking off another Olympian
with like success. The ball advanced
steadily toward the Olympic goal and
Kaarsberg carried it over for the third
touchdown of the day and he added an
other point to the score by kicking a dif
ficult goal. Score 16-0, and the Olympians
In tears and imprecations.
Referee, Charles Fickert of Stanford;
umpire, Harry P. Cross; linesmen, Sher
man and Cole.
The lineup was as follows:
Olympics. Positions. California.
McNutt Right end left Craig
£>>•>. ehy Right tackle left Whipple
Hot.bs Right guard left Hooper
Bandy Center Grlesberg
Sexton Left guard right Barnes
Erskine Left tackle right Prlngle
McClaine Left end light Womble
and Masters
Code Quarter Klerfut
Morse Right half left. .Hall & Smith
Wilson Left half right Thane
McNevln Fullback Kaarsberg
be soon realized and we all are ready
to help.
■ ♦ .
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter 6t.. r. 6 and 1.
■■ m »
TWO TRANSPORTS HOME.
Zealandia and Pennsylvania Arrive
FTom the Philippines.
The transport Zealandia, which was so
badly battered by a typhoon on the 4th
of last month, arrived in port last night
and anchored off Melggs wharf to await
the quarantine officer, whose arrival was
anxiously watched for by those on board,
who were eager to get ashore.
Captain Dowdell reports an uneventful
voyage of 17 days 14 hours from Nagasaki,
but the excitement before that port was
reached was great enough to satisfy him.
The vessel left Manila on August 24, and
eleven days afterward she was struck by
the typhoon. Boats, ventTTators, railings,
deckhouses and everything movable were
carried away. The anchors broke loose,
and all on board were pretty badly shak
en up. The only person severely injured,
according to Captain Dowdell, was the
quartermaster. T. Cheathem, whose arm
was broken; but several of the firemen
were slightly scalded by a bursting steam
pipe. The Zealandia put into Nagasaki,
where she was overhauled at the drydock.
Lieutenant Elliott of the Baltimore, who
is going home on a furlough, and seven
sick marines bound for the hospital at
Mare Island, were the only passengers on
the troopship. The Invalid bluejackets
are: F. \V. Humphreys B. G. Owens, B.
J. Sjoberg and F. C. Craig of the Mc-
Culloch, J. C. Warner of the Petrel, H.
Boothby of the Boston and E. Caldwell
of the Baltimore.
On board the vessel were the remains of
the late T. K. Freeman, who committed
suicide while the vessel lay in Nagasaki
harbor, Japan. Just before the war broke
out he enlisted at Mare Island, and was
assigned as chaplain of the Baltimore.
Soon after the memorable engagement of
Manila bay Freeman's health began to
ADVEBTIS^IENTS^^^
MAGGIOINI, TREI;OUSSE
and ELAINE
On Monday morning at eight o'clock we place
on sale our entire stock of Maggioni eight-
button mousquetaire glace' and suede gloves,
formerly sold at $2; Trefousse eight-button
mousquetaire suede gloves, sold everywhere
for $2 ; Elaine eight-button mousquetaire
suede gloves, regular price $1.7^. • " */
Every pair is guaranteed and will be fitted
if desired and sold for
Customers buying several pairs will confer a great favor upon
us by having them fitted after the sale, when we will do so willingly
Money refunded for any pair not satisfactory. ;
The gloves are now on\display in our xcindows.
\r cp-
- ' 125 to 131 Kearny St. {
-.: ■■ ' ■■.' • ■■■; ■ : ; :•■• ■■:. - . ■■.-■■■ ■ ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED
DRESS GOODS:
EXTRA VALUES.
This week we will show an elegant variety of
NOVELTY AND PLAIN DRESS FABRICS in the latest
styles and colorings.
NOVELTY FRENCH MOHAIR PI m *-(%
REOLAS, three different styles and OlUi DU
eight colorings each style Dress Patt ern.
NOVELTY FRENCH MOHAIR^QCfI
CREPONS, all the new colorings. . . OuguU
Dress Pattern.
52-INCH SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, in Blues,
Greens, Browns, Navys and Olive,
75c, 85c, $1 and $1,25 Per Yard.
52-INCH GENUINE ENGLISH SERGE TTp
(all colors) I v U
Per Yard.
3 cases 44-INCH ENGLISH SERGE, in rft
Grays, Blues, Navys, Browns, Garnet, Jjll
Green Cadet and New Blue Per Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
40 pieces TWO-TONED ENGLISH
DIAGONALS, in Red and Black,
Blue and Black, Green and Black, ■•£
Brown and Black, and Heliotrope I j(J Yard
and Black. Price worth 51.25.'
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
fail and he was ordered home. He went
aboard the Zealandia, which ran into such
heavy weather that she was obliged to go
into Nagasaki for repairs. It was there
that in a fit of despondency he jumped
overboard and was drowned.
The transport Pennsylvania, thirty
three days from Manila, arrived in port
late last night and anchored in the
stream. She has on board nine soldiers
from Manila and sixteen from Honolulu.
STOCK IN THE SLOUGH.
The Steamer F. M. Smith Runs
Aground on Her Way to Alviso.
The Alviso and San Jose stern-wheel
steamer F. M. Smith stuck in the slough
again Friday morning, and all efforts to
pull her out yesterday were unavailing.
She is badly strained, and Captain Denny
fears that she is so badiy damaged that
she will not float.
The channel of the creek is very nar
row, and when making her way up tho
slough the vessel struck the right bank
bow on. The atern swung around and
lodged on the other bank. When the tide
went out the steamer sagged and was
badly strained. The tug Annie was sent
up Friday night to pull the Smith out,
but even at high water was unable to do
so The Annie returned last evening, and
the Liberty, a light-draft tug, was sent
up to see if the Smith could be rescued
from her sad plight.
Shipping men believe that as the ves
sel could not be floated off. at high tide
it is very doubtful if she can be saved.
Friends of Humanity.
The Society of Friends of Humanity
will hold an open meeting at their head
quarters, 121 New Montgomery, to-mor
row afternoon at 2 o'clock. They invite
persons in sympathy with their work to
be present.
Church of the Advent Music.
At the Church of the Advent, Eleventh
street, near Market, there will be a spe
cial musical service to-night, commenc
ing at 7:45. The full cathedral service
will be rendered by the vested choir of
fifty men and boys, under the direction,
of H. K. White Jr.
Among numbers of special interest will
be the Psalte chanted antiphonally, a
new setting of the Aye Verum and for
the benediction hymn the "Angelus,"
sung in the form of a cross before the
altar. This is the third time this beau
tiful number has been rendered by special
request. The public is invited. All seats
free.
Charges Are Dismissed.
The charge of burglary entered agulnst
Thomas W. Allen last Saturday by
Policemen Morrissey and Mortality was
dismissed by Judge Mogan last week. It
developed that Allen was in no way con
nected with the crime of which he was
charged.
Body Found in the Bay.
Captain Linne picked up the body of
an old man off Goat Island yesterday af
ternoon, and it now reposes in the
Morgue. The unknown was dressed In
dark striped trousers, a striped shirt and
a diagonal vest, and bore the appearance
of having been in the water for two or
three weeks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SSB3SSS3S3SSS3S3SSS3S3SSS3S3S3SSSBSa
88 CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. £
88 , «
ss ",, - - A>-^ a
8S f JSO 88
* > ■ * *"■"" • v * ■ ....... mo
8? Comfort Comfort! Comfort ! §
88 A LARGE WILLOW ROCKER, 88
o, HIGH BACK AND ARMS; M
K SPECIAL NEXT WEEK. 00 CQ •*
88 00"OU 25
o, "WELL, IT DOESN'T LOOK ~
** AS IF IT COULD BE THAT **
88 CHEAP." i SS
o» We would rather you would see M
* 3 the chair— they'll sell themselves. ♦•
a J. NOONAN, si
88 Complete House-Furnisher, 88
88 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., 88
88 Above Sixth. 5j
88 'Phone South H. Open Evening*, o»
88 83 83 SS S3 SS JS S3 Si S3 SS S3 S3 S3 88 88 «8 8J •
iiiHliigi
' ACCIJRATFLY fitted BY.
' ! EXPERT OPTIC!
AT MODERATE, PRICES.
OPTICJANS^NoWpHfITOGRAwjc/
. 642 MARKET ST. SUPKI *^HE LIVE GIRL AND THE DEAD MANS SKIN
ALICE RIX writes of the local in HUMAN HIDE.
IT was. as everybody who was there
a very swell wedding.
But the bride looked best in her
travel
She is a tailor's dream, born to
tweeds and fine linen, and in all
little mannish matters of dress comes in
before the b< ason, so that you can take
its forecast from her shirting?, belts and
ties.
Her rough, red English serge was cut
■with a zouave, open over a linen shirt,
and this was trimly belted with a nar
row leather belt. The little traveling
purse dangling from it was made of the
game leather. So was the dress suit
:-he carried in her hand.
The Maid of H<^nor poked me deli
cately as the bride came down the
Btairs.
"How do you like it?" she whispered
mysteriously.
"Very smart," I said, wondering what
the mystery was about.
■The belt, you know, and all that, I
mean."
• < 'h, as leather belts go, very much.
Don't you?"
The Maid of Honor shuddered.
•That's the awful part of it— it— it'sso
lovely for belts."
? ? ?
"She showed it to you before it was
made up. didn't she?"
"No/ 1 said. "She didn't."
"Oh, well! she v. to. You
know she had the case all fitted
up with it inside too, straps, you
. and Haps and things. I saw her
Ing it and it gave me the creeps,
k of strapping down your nightie
with a piece of somebody's skin: 1 '
•What?"
the Maid of Honor was giggling
rically and did not hear me. Sec
thoughta are best. I said:
tasn't she any feeling about it?"
"Oh, you know her!" said the, Maid
nor, laughing. "She'd wear any
thing that's swell. And, of course, it
is the swellest thing. I'm dying to
have my piece made up, but"— She
a her eyes affectedly.
ye you got a large piece?" I
.
•A whole back." Baid the Maid of
r, opening her eyes again. "It
•was a woman's and I think it's even
smoother than"— She looked at the
bride's dress suit case critically. "Yes,
It's smoother and it's a better color, a
darker tan. Maybe," she added, laugh
ing out wildly, "maybe she was a bru
nette."
I controlled a desire to shut my own
eyes here and faint decently. I had to
pinch myself to avoid this casualty and
also to be sure that I was I, and also,
again, that I might hear anything m.>re
the Maid of Honor might say.
She was saying at the moment that
it was harder to get women's skins than
—"At least I suppose it is, because
mine is the only piece I ever saw. I
■ know why U should be, either,"
Fhe addea, patting her pink mousseline
pkirts daintily. "Just as many women
die as men, don't they?"
"I don't know," I said, faintly.
"And it must be just as easy to skin
them— ugh!" She buried her little nose
in her bridesmaid's roses and smiled up
over them. "It's a sort of shuddery
fad, isn't it? Oh, she's going!"
The bride war in her mother's arms.
Her mother kissed and cried over her
eoftly. Her mother's hand— white, slim,
THE CALL Sunday Edition
delicate, sensitive, tapering, a lady
hand—rested on the tan belt. I won
dered if the belt was made of a wo
man's skin. And then I wondered if
the woman had been a mother herself
before she became a tan belt. And
then I wondered if this mother knew
what her hand was on and how she
felt about it. Somehow one rather ex
pects mothers to go on through the
changing years, through the changing
conditions with about the same feelings
Independent of fashions. And then I
red what would be the effect on
all these fins and fashionable folk, well-
TRAFFIC IN HUMAN HIDE
BY MEDICAL STUDENTS.
Used on Belts and Purses by Fashionable
Women.
PERSONS in this city are trafficking in the skins of human beings.
This gruesome information first reached The Call in the form
of a rumor, and Mrs. Alice Rix was detailed to investigate the
revolting charges. She found them all too true. Several reputa
ble firms make no secret of the part they play in the matter.
They find no difficulty in disposing of all articles they make, the de
mand exceeding the supply.
The skins are procured from medical students, particularly those
in attendance at certain institutions in this city, and who, under
the law, ,have access to the County Hospital and Almshouse. They
go so far as to look among the living for suitable specimens. If
they find their skins adapted for the purpose of making purses,
belts and other articles they are selected and so marked that they
may be readily recognized after death. The skins are handed over
to tanners and thence to the artisans, who fashion them into various
articles to be worn by the society people of San Francisco.
featured well-mannered and of placid
cou/itenance, gathered to Kiss and wish
a girl bride on her wedding way. if some
one ehould shriek out suddenly, "Her
belt is made of a dead man's skin:"
And then I wondered if everybody was
crazy except i.-.yself. And then I re
membered that this is the first sign of
insanity and lest I should go mad on
the spot, I. too, kissed the bride— but
with my hands behind me— and got
away out Into the sunshiny streets in
the sweet Indian summer weather
to leave my horrors behind me.
But every other girl I met
wore a leather belt, and Provi
dence, who takes care of all
such little matters, alone knows how
many persons were skinned and tanned
to make them, /.nd the horrors slept
with me through the night, and the
next morning, as early as was civil, I
called on the Maid of Honor, whom I
do not know very well and who looked
politely Burprißed to see me almost be
fore breakfast.
"I want awfully to get one of those
belts." (And may heaven forgive me
that one!) "And so I came—"
"Why, of course," she said. "You'd
like to see the skin?"
"Ye-es."
"Of course you know you'll have to
have your belt nu.de. You can't buy It
anywhere. I believe they're not al
lowed to sell it—"
"Who?"
"MY FRIEND THE MEDICAL STUDENT WAS BENDING OVER THE CADAVER OF A MAN."
"Oh, students, medical students and,
I don't know, doctors, I suppose. Do
you know anybody you could get a
piece of skin from?"
"Not Without their noticing it," I
said.
"Don't you know any medical stu
dents or young doctors?"
"Why, yes, rafts."
"There you are, then!" said the Maid
of Honor. "That's all you want. Tell
them to look out for a good piece for
you. There's lots of difference, but I
don't know much about it except that
backs are the biggest. Wait. Come up
to my room and I'll show you my
piece."
She went lightly up the stairs before
me — a dainty little Dresden Shep
herdess figure In her flowered silk
matinee and lacy little pettipokes — and
on the landing turned an innocent,
flower-like face over her shoulder, so
small, so fair, of such white and pink
purity. She did not look like a girl
who would want to carry a grip cov
ered with the skin from a dead
woman's back. But, ah! you never can
tell.
I followed her into a room which, like
herself, had certain delicate Dresden
china effects. She dropped on the floor
beside a chiffonniere and pulled out the
lower drawer of it and stopped and
shrugged her shoulders with a little
shiver.
"Ugh!" she said. "I haven't looked
at it for ever so long."
"Perhaps," I said quickly, "you'd
rather not this morning."
"Oh, yes," she said, cheerfully, com
ing out of her shiver, "I don't mind. It
isn't a bit awful. It's Just the idea of
it." She took a bundle — quite a large
stiff bundle — from the drawer and
handed it to me. It was wrapped in
pink tissue paper.
"Open it, " she said.
I unrolled it slowly. A broad piece
of firm, tan-colored leather rolled stiffly
on my lap. I did not touch it. I felt
none of the horror I had expected to
feel when I looked at it, none of the
fearsome disgust. Still. I did not touch
it at first. When I did I marveled at
its board-like stiffness, its thickness
and the unlikeness of it to anything
suggesting human skin. And yet it
was human skin. It had been cut away
from a human body — a woman's body,
like my own, like that of the little
flower faced girl on the floor
— who was going to have a belt
and a purse and a dress suit case
made out of it some day. It had
fulfilled its manifold duties of protec
tion, absorption, repulsion. It had cov
ered nerves, blood, muscle, all the mys
tery of physical life. It had known sen
sation, heat, cold, pleasure, pain. It
had been caressed or perhaps abused.
It had responded as the skin responds,
or shrunk as the skin shrinks and it
had come in death to the tanner's vat
to be cured and colored and to lie
across the knees of one living woman
while another planned how it should
be cut to serve her for a gawd.
"You see, it's a beautiful piece! So
smooth — and isn't it a fine color?"
She stretched out her hand for it and
I let it go. She fingered it almost ca
ressingly. She seemed to have forgot
ten anyway to shudder over it.
"There's enough," she said, "for a
small trunk. She must have been im
mense!"
"I thinK I must go," I said, rising
quickly.
She scrambled to her little feet. The
woman's skin fell to the floor. She
pushed it aside and stepped over it
lightly on her way to the door.
"Oh," I said, stopping at the head of
the stairs, "whom do you get to make
up these things?"
"Shreve." -
"Have you any belts of skin?" I asked
across the leather counter at Shreve's.
"Beg pardon?" said the clerk on the
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
"Sf-jt. WfIS fl TAILOR'S DREAM."
other side of it. "What kind of belts
did you say?"
"Skin."
"Pnakeskin, madam?"'
"No."
"Pigskin, madam?"
"No."
"Calf? or monkey? or elephant skin?
Monkey is about the newest."
"Is it the very newest?"
"I beg pardon?"
"Isn't there anything newer?"
"Not that I know of, madam."
"I understood," I said, desperately,
"that human skin was being worn this
season."
"Oh, yes," replied the clerk com
posedly. "We're making up some human
skin belts, but more purses and card
cases than belts."
"Doesn't it make — "
"Strong belts? Oh, yes, it's a very
good strong skin. Only there's been
more of a demand for purses. I dare
say there will be a call for belts."
"You think it's going to be fashion
able, then?"
"I think so, yes."
"And the purses and card cases, have
they been for men or for women?"
"Oh. ladies, nearly always. You know
ladies like all such little oddities. We
use some silver or gold in the trim
ming or a special design. We made
up a purse for a young lady of the Red
Cross Society not very long ago, and
she wanted it fastened with the
regular Red Cross design. It looked
very neat."
"You could furnish the skin, I sup
pose?"
The clerk hesitated. "You'd better
get your own skin " he said. "We'll
have it tanned for you or tell you
where to take it to have it tanned."
"Here in the cvty?"
"Oh, yes. There's a man down here
on Market street. Wegener of the Vi
salla Stock Saddle Company, who
handles it, and then there's the Novelty
Leather Company over on Montgomery
avenue— 2lß Montgomery avenue. I
think they may have something made
up to show you."
"Thank you. You don't think they
would mind?"
"Mind?"
"Admitting that they do the work?"
"Why, no," replied the clerk. ""Why
should they?"
Mr. Wegener of the Visalia Stock
Baddle Company had nothing made up
in human skin to show me. He said
he wished he had. He said he could
sell all the purses and card cases and
belts and satchels he could make. He
said he would like a few samples to put
in his window. The trouble was to get
the skin. He did not think it could be
bought. All he had handled had come
to him from Shreve & Co., or had been
brought in by young doctors
and medical students who wanted
a purse or a belt or something
made up to give away to their girl
friends. He said he could not tell off
hand just how many orders he had
filled in the last year, but it had been
a good many. Yes, it made very hand
some belts, he thought, "especially the
black skin."
"When it's tanned black?"
"No, when it's born black. Coons."
• • • • •
"Would you like It with the fur on?"
asked the manager of the Novelty
Leather Company.
"I — I hadn't thought," I replied,
feebly.
"We've got a sample here — let's have
that human skin sample out there! One
with the hair on! — There! That's a poor
piece of work. That's no tanning at
all. That's just been stretched out on
a board and oiled and dried, and it
made a poor Job. We made a card case
— a gent's card case — out of that, and it
was a miserable greasy-looking thing
when it was finished, although we took
a lot of pains with it. You can see for
yourself, there's no style to that."
There certainly was not. There was
only a hideous idea, a terrible, ghastly
association to mark It from the com
monest, coarsest hide that ever hair
grew on. And hair grew on this— alight,
strong, wiry hair of a peculiar bright
ness that had triumphed over death and
the tanner. It shone against the ma
hogany color of the leather on which
it bristled, stiffly curling, with fearful
likeness to life. I sickened as I looked.
The piece that had once been part of a
Continued on Page Twenty-six.18
Handsomest Palace Car that Ever Came Into the West,
But the chief beauty of the car. to the connoisseur?, is the exquisite finish of its woodwork. X is paneled throughout with the
exquisite primavera, resembling white mahogany, a wood of debate grain and capable of taking the highest finish. The panels are inlaid
with delicate tracery of hoiywood, a unique feature The seats are upholstered in green p ! ush, the windows hase curtains of a similar
tint The general affect i«one of subdued, though rich harmony. . The ceiling, decorated with embossed white figures on an oid gold
sett ng, sa. work of art in itself, and supplies just the one touch needful to complete the design. A more delicate piece of decoraton was
never turned out by any car shop in the v<orid.
TO travel at your ease in a palace
on wheels, surrounded by every
luxury, eating dainty food served
<>ii silver, sleeping on the softest
couches, waited on by deft
handed servants and gazing
Ihroui sa windows at
the ever varylpg scenery — this is the pe
culiar privilege of the millionaire of to
day. The remarkable evolution of
the palace car, which has taken place
practically within the past twenty
3, has rendered it possible for the
moneyed man to take his ease in this
ideal way. He can journey at will
from one end of this vast continent to
another, he can go south into tropic
Mexico or north into arctic Canada,
all the time living in his own self-con
■l house, independent of country
i free from all the petty an
noyances which await the ordinary
MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE
AS VIEWED BY CHURCHMEN
Discussed fron) seven standpoints in the church body.
IS marriage a divine institution, or only a civil
contract of human origin? Does the marital re
lation end with death, or is the perfect consum
mation of marriage found only in celestial wed
lock? Is divorce an offense in the sight of God
and a curse to human society, or is it essential to the
harmonizing of social conditions?
These are questions that have never been answered
to the complete satisfaction of society in general.
The views of several of the various religious bodies*
are here given as an entertaining medley of opinion
upon the subject of marriage and divorce:
* * *
The general convention of the Episcopal church
which opened at Washington, D. C, on October 5 in-
vites the attention of the secular
as weli as the religious worm to
the interesting and much dis
■i question of divorce, and in
itally opens the door to the
EPISC
View.
:iiil marriage.
Th< prop isition to revise the canon of the Episco
:hurch on marriage and divorce will be one of
the must important and interesting subjects to come
before the convention. The sentiment of the clergy
divorc ■ and a petition signed by some 2000
clergymen asking for a stringent rule upon the sub
i rough t from the committee <>n revision of
institution and canons a report to be acted upon
Urn' :
"No minister of this church shall solemnize a mar
ria^'= of either party to a aivorce during the life of
the other party."
This concise and positive law, if adopted, will be
substituted for the law that now obtains and which
provides that the innocent party to a divorce for the
cause of infidelity may receive the rites of marriage.
The committee is composed of Bishops Doane of
Albajiy, Dudley of Kentucky, McLaren of Chicago,
Potter of New York, Parent of Maryland, Burgeas of
y and thirteen ministers and laymen. But the
committee is not unanimous in the demand for this
radical revision of the canon on divorce. Bishop Pot
upported by four other members of the com
mittee, proposes a moderate revision which permits
the marriage of the innocent party to a divorce on
ground of infidelity, but makes obligatory the fur
nishing of a certified copy of the record of the court
granting the divorce.
• * *
Rev. W. C. Phaw, assistant rector of St. Luke's
Episcopal Church, expressed this brief opinion on the
present and future of the marital state, which he ad
mitted might or not be indorsed by his fellow clergy
"Gcd has given us a law to guide us. The moment
that man and woman are joined together in matri
mony there begins an operation of the law that, if
not interrupted, will bring certain results; but like
other laws, if interrupted, a wrong result is sure to
follow. God has said that but one thing will inter
rupt the law of matrimony and that is the act of in
fidelity.
* « •
The Protestant view of divorce was plainly, and
positively expressed by Rev. J. A. B. Wilson, pastor
of the Howard-street Methodist
Church, who dismissed first the
idea of celestial marriage by say
ing that th?! Savior himself settled
that question by declaring that
METHODIST
View.
in the resurrection "they neither marry nor are given
in marriage, but are as the angels of God." On the
subject of divorce he said:
"The Bible, which is the only moral standard, gives
but one ground of divorce; all divorce laws that con
travene this law are iniquitous and demoralizing to
the individual and the community. The divorce laws
of this State are monstrous.
"I think no church advocates and jio clergyman
believes in or wishes to solemnize marriage where one
party has been guilty of the infamy of divorce save
for the one cause; but it is wholly impracticable to
question persons upon such a subject. Where the
cage Is notorious or persons volunteer information
the minister can exercise his discretion.
"Th*> case of Mrs?. William K. Vanderbilt was no
torious: and that greatest ecclesiastic and churchman
on earth (in the sense of statesmanship). Bishop Pot
ter nobly did his duty by refusing to solemnize her
marriage with Oliver Belmont. But think of a mm
OBSEJRVA JIOJS VISJ IBULL
traveler through sparsely settled dis
tricts. He can, if he will, bridge the
continent from east to west in tour or
five days, or he can dawdle alon;.'
uiviy and take a month over the trip,
switching oft" his ear at any spot he
may care to visit.
'1 here ane over 180,000 miles of rail
way in the United States, more than
combined Europe possesses, yet every
n of this enormous spider's web
of steel is within the reach of the mil
lionaire and his palace car. He could
travel for at least a month without
once passing over the same stretch of
territory, meeting always new people,
the landscape spread before him as he
crazes from his observation car chang
ing daily.
We do not often see these magnifi
cent vehicles In California. Our local
magnates are, for the most part, con
tent to journey in the ordinary Pull
ister putting every candidate on the witness stand
• and examining and cross-examining them as to pre
vious marital relations and causes of separation!
Something must be left to the individual conscience.
The clergyman cannot assume the whole responsi
bility for the conduct of others."
• --."■• a
The Catholic church settles the divorce question
• ■
le Catholic church settles the divorce question
simply and absolutely by positively refusing to solem-
CATHOLIC
View.
the opinion of all, because it is the plain law of the
church, that divorce for any cause and the marriage
of divoroed persons are nut tolerated. And the eh inch
holds thai as death alone can sunder the marital
bond, death does absolutely sunder it.
"The applicants for the celebration of the marriage
rvony must be accompanied by witnesses to tes
tify that they are free to marry; or in the absence of
witnesses they must go before a notary and make affl
iw the facts. I
"Separation for good cause is recognized, but di
v<)'.' eipent is a disobedience that results in the volun
tary excommunication of the church communicant,
and requires no action of the church or priest."
* * •
W. J. Walters presented the following 1 view upon
the subject of celestial marriage, from a Theosophical
THEOSOPHIST
View.
the union of the sou! with its God. It has been said
that marriages are contracted in heaven. The mean
ing of this may be found in the fact that the soul
of man dwelling in its own horne — the world of cause,
which is the heaven of the Christian — assimilates the
experience gained while wedded to matter. Souls are
brought together, not by blind chance, but an intel
int law; it follows therefore that tiea once formed
it last until the causes once set in motion have
n .exhausted. But if celestial marriage contem
ns reveling in sense gratification it can find no
•c in theosophical teaching."
• ♦ •
Irs. R. S. Lillie, resident speaker of the Society
'regressive Spiritualists, said:
SPIRITUALIST
View.
human soul, so do we believe that marriage con
tracted in ignorance and proving inharmonious is the
most fruitful source of Imbecility, weakness of mind
and body, drunkenness and all crime. For this rea-
Bon divorce should be made as easy as marriage, or
marriage made as difficult as divorce.
"As to the continuance of marriage as an institu
tion beyond the change of death, we say with Jesus
that in the higher life they neither marry (that is,
contract new marriages) nor are given in marriage
(that is, bound by the old marriage). The conditions
of nature requiring marriage having ceased to exist
after death the bond is in the future, therefore, only
that of love and tender memories of loving associa
tions, where true marriage had existed."
* • •
The Chinese converts to the Christian religion have
positive views on the subject of marriage and di-
CHINESE
CHRISTIAN
View.
the marital relation.
Rev. Nam Art, Chinese pastor of the Presbyterian
Mission, said that during the twenty years he lived
in his native land he knew personally of only one
case of divorce. It is a social condition almost un
known there, though polygamy is common, particu
larly among the rich in the cities. The Chinese be
lieve that in the future life only the last surviving
husband or wife is entitled to the marital relation.
But Nam Art, since he has adopted the Christian
religion, has no future marital aspirations. Death,
he contends, ends the marriage state, and divorce is
a condition he does not tolerate.
THE SAN FRAV CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
Made for Claus Sprecßels and said to be the very finest car ever turned otft by the Wagner Car Company.
MILLIONAIRES SCATTERED ABOUT THE WORLD.
nize me marriage or persons mat
have been divorced. And as Rev.
Father John Brennan, assistant
pastor of St. Patrick's Church,
said, the opinion of one priest is
standpoint:
"There is no doubt that there
is a celestial marriage, and if
properly and thoroughly under
stood it embodies a great truth —
"As we believe that harmoniouß
and happy marriage Is the expres
sion of nature's highest and di
vinest law and the highest means
of progress in development of the
vorce, renouncing the polygamous
marriage that obtains in China,
discountenancing divorce, and
adopting the Protestant and
Catholic belief that death ends
man, paying their fare just like any
common individual. But about six
months ago Claus Spreckels determined
that California should possess not
only the finest private ear in the State
but the finest in the United States,
which is practically saying . the whole
world. For in no other country has
the art of car-building, reached such a
pitch of development. European sov
ereigns travel in cars far less comfort
able, far less splendidly equipped, than
those owned by private American citi
zens.
So Claus Spreckels sought out Carl
ton C. Crane, the Pacific Coast agent
of the Wagner Palace Car Company,
and gave carte blanche for the finest
palace on wheels which art could de
sign or , skill construct. The Wagner
Company went to work and devo.ted all
its energies to the creation of a mas
terpiece. Though Wagner cars do not
run on the Calif ornian lines, every one
who has been East has noticed the
magnificently equipped- trains which
run over the Vanderbilt roads. The
Lake Shore Limited, which runs be
tween Chicago and New York, is said,
indeed,, to be the finest train in the
world. The Wagner works •at " East
Buffalo, New York, are equipped with
every appliance for turning out work
of the highest class. ■
Consequently Claus Spreckels' mag
nificent order had every chance of
proper execution. Indeed,. me presi
,dent of the Wagner Company, Dr. .W.
Seward Webb, gave his personal at
tention to the matter, determined that
the .Wagner- Company should, not • be
.eclipsed by its rivals. The result is
to be seen to-day at the Oakland mole,
and hundreds of passengers to and
from the city pause daily in their rush
for the boat to gaze at this dream of
luxury. / The mere size of the car alone
attracts attention, for it is 65 feet long
and 9 feet S inches wide. It bears on
its side, in gilt letters, the name Sprec
kels, and the lahel-of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com
pany. .; : v;:^irh^
"That is just to give the car a local
habitation," said Mr. Crane, as he did
the honors of the palace, "for, of course,
it belongs to Mr. Bpreekels, and not to
the railway company."
Inside the arts of the upholsterer and
decorator, the cabinet maker and
French polisher have been carried to
their highest limits. To give a de
tailed description of the car would be
simply to set down a catalogue of beau
tiful and costly things. The whole of
the rear portion is occupied by an ob
servation room, about nine feet square.
Practically three sides of this apart
ment are of glass. There is nothing
to obstruct the view from the windows.
Then one enters the living portion of
the establishment. There are three
large staterooms, provided, with wide
beds and furnished with every device
How many millionaires are there in
the world?
A commonly accepted estimate place 3
the number of men in this country
owning 51,000,000 or more each at be
tween 4000 and 5000. In the world at
large there must be from fifteen to
twenty times as many, by no means
confined to the more civilized races.
J»erhapß there are 100,000 in all, though
this may be doubtful.
For instance, India is full of native
millionaires. Not only the great num
ber of Indian Princes, with their fabu
lous hoards of state jewels, must be
reckoned in the list, but there are many
millionaire merchants in the cities. The
great Parsee houses of Bombay have
as good credit as any merchants in the
worid, and their heads ai-.- fubulously
wealthy, although, like all the "warm"
men of the East, they live very hum
bly.
For In one-half of this globe, it must
be remembered, the richer a man is the
more ragged his clothes, the more
.squalid his house. This device does not
save him from frequent robbery by his
rulers, or even in pome eases from mur
der. Turkish and Persian millionaires
are not good life insurance risks, yet the
Jews of Damascus and Teheran and the
'in-eks of Smyrna include many who
could measure wealth with the smaller
American nabobs.
In Egypt wealthy men are able to dis
play their riches freely. Alexandrine
Greeks and Cairene Copts and Jews are
often immensely wealthy. Even in Mo
rocco, Nahon the banker must be sev
eral times a millionaire under foreign
protection, and there are others in in
land towns whose wealth is great.
The great Chinese merchants have as
fine a commercial reputation as the
Parsees. Not alone in China, but In
Hongkong, the Straits Settlements and
even in Burraah they include in their
number many men of vast fortunes. In
Japan millionaires are yet compara
tively few, but are rapidly increasing in
number.
In bie 1 Russia millionaires are prob
ably fewer than in little Holland where
immense wealth is derived from the
colonial trade. France has shoals of
millionaires. Germany, once poor. Is
rapidly gaining immense wealth in
shipping, trade and manufacture, and
her rich men are already legion. Aus
tria and the Balkan states have many
great fortunes. Italy's old rural prop
rietors of proud family are mostly
"land poor," but her merchants, ship
pers and manufacturers are shrewd
and well provided with money. The
trade of the Mediterranean is largely in
Italian hands.
New millionaires swarm in South Af
rica and Australia, because of the void
discoveries and the diamond mines of
the Kimberley region. Mexico, the Cen
tral and South American states and
Canada have together perhaps two
thousand. Even bleak Newfoundland
has one, and he one of the most re
markable in the lot, the famous "Czar
Reid."
Finally It must not be forgotten that
Great Britain alone has many more
small millionaires— men from $1,000,000
to $5,000,000, who live quietly and unos
tentatiously—than the United States.
Such modest wealthy men are not few
In New York. Most readers will remem
ber the stir Mr. Faverweather's death
made, though few had heard of him
living. About the same time a man
worth $14,000,000 died on an uptown
street. He got a two or three line
"obituary note" in most of the news
papers. The public had never heard of
him.
How She Looked at It.— Mr. Short— My
dear Miss Kate, I have a very serious
question I wish to ask you.
Miss Lon*— What is it. pray?
Mr. Short— Will you marry me?
Miss Long (scornfully)— Do you call that
serious, Mr. Short? Why, I don't think I
ever heard anything so ridiculous.—De
troit Free Press.
Evasion.— Teacher— What! You haven't
learned the story of Cain and Auel yet?
Tommy— No; maw says it is bad man
ners t;o pry into family quarrels.—lndian
apolis Journal.
The d;nng-room or parlor comes next, qu.te a arge apartment, occupying the whole width of the car and extending for a length of
fifteen feet. The table, laid with silver and damask, will seat haf a dozen peop;e comfortably. There is a miniature sideboard and wine
cooier. No requisite for delicate dminj has been forgotten. The ebony cook, grinning with pride, exhibits his compact; little kitchen i*
the other end of th*> car. It is furnished with a most ingenious range, pots and pans and kettles without number.
GREAT QUESTIONS
GROWING OUT OF THE WAR
Discussed by Senator Allison of lowa and Senator Lodge of Massachusetts.
Special to The Sunday Call.
NO change in the war tax is likely to be made
at the coming session of Congress," said Sen
ator \V. l:. Aijison, in discussing the big ques
tions of the war. "We don't know how much
money the Government is going to need and
we shall not know before the session of Congress
ends. Besides I don't know anything from which
the tax ought to be taken. Certainly not from beer
or tobacco."
"How about the tax on checks and telegraph mes
sages and express packages?" I asked. "Those are
the features of the new law which cause inconveni
ence to the greatest number of people."
"And those are the taxes easiest to collect and
surest," said the Senator. "We shall not touch them."
"Not even at the extra session in the spring?"
'I think not. I don't believe there will be any
change in the tax law tor a year anyway."
"Do you think the war taxes will be made perma
nent?" , .
"It is likely that some features of the law will be
retained. Suppose we annex Cuba and Porto Rico
and the Philippines. That will admit free sugar and
a number of articles from which we now derive a
large revenue. We must make up the deficiency in
some way. The taxes levied in the war revenue bill
are now bringing in about half of the twenty-five to
twenty-eight millions a month which the treasury is
receiving."
1 called the Senator's attention to the attacks on
the war revenue law which Senator Jones, chairman
of the Democratic National Committee, is making.
"Jones says we are taxing the consumer," said Mr.
Allison. "The people to whom he is appealing are
nut the people who send many express packages or
telegrams or sign many checks. Yet these are the
three taxes which bear most on individuals. Of
course we expect the Democrats to criticize the law."
Senator Allison said he did not believe the army
scandal was going to have any weight in the coming
election. He said if mistakes had been made in the
army administration the people were not going to hold
the Republican party responsible for them.
"Out in my State, lowa," he said, "the Democratic
party is making Its fight along the old lines— free sil
ver, free trade, anti-trust and so on."
"Then the silver issue is not dead?"
"Not at all. If the Democrats got into power they
would pass a free silver law. They are pledged to It,
That is still the issue. They have failed to get up a
party division on the subject of expansion and for
all that any one can tell now the issues of 1896 will
be the issues of the Presidential election or 1900."
I saw Senator Lodge at his beautiful home over
looking the sea at Nahant. Part of his property was
used for a time by the War Department as a coast
signal station because the Senator's grounds border
the cliff at the extreme end of the point of land on
which Nahant stands. The location is almost ideal
In its picturesqueness. The Senator's house stands
back a little way from the cliff on the highest point
of ground, commanding a view of the ocean on three
sides. When I called the Senator was in the act of
receiving a Spanish flag taken from one of the ships
destroyed at Santiago, which a grateful constituent
serving on the New York had brougnt to him from
Cuba. The presentation was brief and then the Sen
ator showed me Into his cozy little sun parlor on
the south side of his house and talked with me about
the new immigration problem that confronts us.
I asked Senator Lodge, if he believed any modifi
cation of the immigration laws was needed to cover
the new colonial conditions.
"The problem has not presented itself to me be
fore," he said, "but I should say that when we annex
Porto Rico to the United States a Porto Rlean be
comes a citizen of this country and can come and
go as he likes in any part of it."
"It is possible, then, for our employers, Jf they
chose to do so, to bring as much cheap contract labor
as they like from Porto Rico after it has passed
under the control of the United States?"
"I think we shall have very little to fear in*that
direction in Porto Rico," Baid the Senator, with a
laugh. "I see the price of hack hire there has gone
up from $1 an hour to $3 alread/. The Porto Ricans
in the first place are not likely to want to come to
COpNEJR OF JJHI DININQ SALOJ^.
wnini (.•an insure ciumoi lauie repose.
The dining-room or parlor comes
next, quite a large apartment, occupy
ing the whole width of the car and ex-
ding for a length of fifteen feet. The
table, laid with silver and damask, "will
seat half a dozen people comfortably.
There is a miniature sideboard and
wine cooler. No requisite for delicate
dining has been forgotten. The ebony
cook, grinning with pride, exhibits his
ewnpact little kitchen at the other end
of the car. It is furnished with a most
ingenious range, pots and pans and
kettles without number— in short, a
complete batterie de cuisine.
"I can cook a full course dinner here
for at least twenty people," he ex
claims with professional enthusiasm as
he goes over th details.of his domain,
where everything is ready to hand,
stowed away Inn marvelously small
space In another compartment is a
this country in great numbers, and if they did they
would very quickly adjust themselves to our scale
of wages. Many of the foreigners who come to thi\
country are willing: to work for a few cents a day at
home, but they want full American wages when they
come here."
I quoted what ex-Minister Denby had said to me
recently, that if China became a competitor of the
United S.ates in manufactures Chinese skilled latmr
would rise to the earning level of ours.
"Not immediately," said the Senator, "but I have
no doubt it would in time. The Chinese contract
laborers of Hawaii, of course, will not be permitted
to enter this country as a result of annexation. That
labor was excluded under the treaty; no more Chinese
laborers can come to Hawaii and I have no doubv
the very able commission now investigating Hawaiian
government will provide for the continuance of thav
provision until at the expiration of the contracts the
Chinamen are returned to their native land."
"And how about the ten million people of the
Philippines, if we assume that those islands may be
come a part of the United States?"
"In that case," said Senator Lodge. "I have no
idea that any of the natives would want to come to
this country. And if they did I don't believe they
could stand the climate. However, I do' not care to
discuss the Philippines even on a supposition, because
I am a member of the Senate committee which will
have to consider the treaty now being negotiated in
Paris. The Philippine question is in the hands of the
Peace Commissioners and should be left there. I have
no idea what the instructions of the commissioners
were. In fact I don't believe any one in this country
except the President and his Cabinet knows. Public
sentiment on the subject? I don"t care to diacusa
even that. In fact I don't want to say anything
about the Philippines, one way or the other."
Senator Lodge said his bill for the amendment of
the immigration laws which was once vetoed by
President Cleveland would probably pass the House
at the coming session of Congress. It has already
passed the Senate. It applies the reading and writ
ing test to all immigrants— requires them to read an
extract from the constitution picked out at random.
"I never could see much in the objections of Mr.
Cleveland," said the Senator, "but one reason he gave
for vetoing the bill has been removed. That part of
the law relating to Canadian laborers has been elimi
nated. It never should have been in the bill. It
■was put there in the House at the request of Mr.
Corliss of Michigan. Coming at a trme when so many
Americans were going into the Klondike it would
have invited retaliation."
Senator Lodge said that there was a strong feel
ing in Massachusetts in favor of the bill and that it
■would undoubtedly be indorsed by the Republican
convention of the State.
I asked the Senator what he expected Congress to
accomplish at its next session.
"We shall pass the appropriation bills, and I sup
pose the bill for the government of Hawaii reported
by the commission now there and a Nicaragua canal
bill."
"The Nicaragua canal bill now pending or one that
will 'eliminate Warner Miller and his outfit,' as Sena
tor Teller suggests?"
The Senator smiled. "The trouble with that plan,"
he said, "is that the Warner Miller outfit owns all
the concessions down there. However, I don't know
in what form it will be, but that a Nicaragua canal
bill will pass at the coming session I feel reasonably
sure. Congress will appropriate liberally for the army
and navy— of that there is no doubt."
"Do you expect an extra session of Congress, as
Senator Allison predicts?"
"Senator Allison is a very wise man. I hope, how
ever, that there will be no extra session."
"You don't expect the regular session to make pro
vision for governing the colonies?"
"There isn T t time to consider that except in the
case of Hawaii; and in that we had long notice and
have made a thorough investigation. I believe Porto
Rico should be left under military law until we have
had time to consider the needs of the people."
"And do you believe then that the general terri
torial form of government should he applied?"
"On that question," said the Senator, "as on most
of the new- matters pending. I have endeavored to
keep my mind a blank, so that I may be prepared
to give them unbiased consideration when they come
before me for determination."
interior at an even temperature, no
matter how intense the rigors with
out are. ;■,;;■-■
But the chief beauty of the car, to.
the connoisseur, is the exQuisite finish
of its woodwork. It is paneled through
out with the exquisite primavera, re
sembling white mahogany, a wood of
delicate grain and capable of taking
the highest finish. The panels are in
laid with delicate tracery of hollywood
a unique feature.
The* seats are upholstered in green
phish; the windows have curtains of a
similar tint. The general effect 1- one
of subdued though rich harmony.
The celling, decorated with embossed
white figures on an old gold setting, is
a work of art in itself, and supplies
just the one touch needful to complete
the design. ~" J~£? : • /- ■HOW GENERAL KITCHENER PREPARED himself FOR HIS GREAT WORK in the SOUDAN
His early adventures with the Dervishes, his daring attempt to rescue "Chinese" Gordon penned up in Khartoum and why he issued his fan>ous order, "Kill all wounded Dervishes."
BY HERBERT V- G. AVORRELL, Who Served With r|in>
"When Major General Sir Herbert Kitchener, then a brevet-major,
made his first expedition up the Nile in 1884 to rescue General Gordon
at Khartoum, one of his staff interpreters was Herbert G. V. Morroll,
a brother-in-law of Sir Walter Mlevelle, lately retired chief of the
Health Department in Cairo and a Pasha. Mr. Morrell, who is on iii.*
way back to the Soudan, gives an interesting account of Kitchener
when he was a Junior offiesr and first displayed the qualities, destned to
make him an epochal character.
THE first time I saw Major Kitch
ener, said Mr. Morrell, was in
18S3, on the piazza of the Abdin
Palace at Cairo. There was a
great reception in progress.
Tewfik Pasha was then Viceroy.
As you know, Egypt being a potentate
of Turkey is permitted to be governed
by a Turkish Viceroy, who acts in all
ways as a sovereign and holds undis
turbed sway, providing he pays up the
yearly subsidy to the Sultan. Tewfik
•enjoyed the position immensely, was
an All around good fellow and fond of
the English.
On the day in question he had ar-
ranged to distribute medals in com
memoration of the last campaign un
der Sir General Graham, V. C, in
whose expedition I was. This cam
paign was considered a victorious one,
though the heat was so terrible that we
could" not pursue usman Digna to the
hills, and did not bring him to a last
stand.
. It was made up of Englishmen en
tirely, the two principal troops being
the Tenth Hussars and the Forty-sec
ond Highlanders, known as the "Black
Watch," a regiment which had cap
tured more standards than any other
In existence.
The medal was a bronze one, with the
legend Tel-el-Kheber engraved on it.
I had just received mine and was look
ing it over in the corner of the piazza,
whfjn some one said: "Young man,
that's a fine medal. You ought to be
proud of it. The Widow don't fdrget
the boys out here."
I turned and saw a very dapper look
ing officer 'a ho interested me considera
bly, because while all the others were
either crowding around where the cer
emonies were taking place, or else
engaged in light conversation with the
ladies— for all the best Bociety in Cairo
was there — this man was studying a
well-thumbed little Arabic volume
which contained selections from the
Koran.
At that time he had much the same
personal appaerance aa now. He was
about five feet ten inches in height,
well proportioned, lithe and of won
derful endurance. His heavy dark
mustache concealed a firm mouth and
juare chin and small piercing
biack eyes attracted one and made you
wish to know more of him.
I was but 17 years old then, but
Arabic well, and in a few mo-
Major Kitchener, who intro
duced himself to me, began to converse
In that language. It is most unusual
for an Englishman to speak this
tongue, for it is difficult and few can
themselves to it or have the per
sistence to pursue the study of It.
1 ha.l the advantage of living in
Mil,, pic for a number of year«,
whither I went with my father, a ma
jor in the Dragoon Guards, who became
a Khaiman Mackan Bey, or full colonel,
in Osman Pasha's army. He and I
landed at Alexandria at the same time
with Kitchener, who came from India
when hostilities broke out in Egypt in
1882. Kitchener was connected witi the
Intelligence Department and told me hi
our first conversation that he had been
(studying Arabic for a year. He could
then read and write it fluently. He
was very proficient in Hindostanee
also and soon picked up the Egyptian
dialects.
On several occasions when working
in the neighborhood of Gezhiren, where
the pyramids are situated, we met Ma
jor Kitchener either promenading up
and down in front of a pyramid with
his hands behind his back or sitting
down absorbed in a book. At othftr
times I saw him at the Boulac Museum
poring over old parchments and hand
ling the relics of Rameses 11, for whom
he entertained a high respect. From
this you may know that Kitchener is
a weil posted Egyptian scholar, for
what he learns he does not forget. It
was while talking in the museum to
some brother officers that an Arab run
ner came with the news that Hicks
Pasha and his command had been be
trayed by the guides and assassinated.
"Poor beggars," muttered Kitchener,
with an oath. "It was a death trap.
When will the English Government
learn that we are not fighting fanatics,
but men who have a species of thirst
for death. It will take an expedition
perfected in drill and with a tropical
commissariat to do any good with such
an enemy."
The next expedition was that of
General Baker. It was made up of local
troops most deficient in carriage and
arms. Most of the men had not fired
a shot in years. I remember the eve
befdre they started when General Baker
and some of his staff were sitting on
the veranda of Shepard's Hotel in Cairo
talking of the expedition. Major Kitch
ener was there also and while the oth
ers talked very sanguinely he main
tained absolute silence.
In the company was an English
Hebrew, Mr. Ornstein, held In high es
teem there and since knighted by the
Queen. "I will have to disagree with
you there, general." he said to Baker
after one of the latter's happy prophe
cies. "For all the good that your expe
dition of native troops will do, you
might as well remain sitting on this
veranda."
"I do not expect to see any of them
return alive," observed Kitchener in a
low tone to Mr. Ornstein. History tells
how Baker's command was all cut up
and the native troops became panic
stricken. General Baker, with his pri
vate secretary alone, escaped to the
Government boat at Suakim, the prin
cipal port in the Soudan littoral.
After this failure came the expedition
led by Sir Gerald Graham, in which Mr
Morrell took part as staff interpreter
It returned with its mission only half
accomplished, and all eyes were then
in the spring of 1884, turned toward
Khartoum, where that brave martyr
General Gordon, was besieged by the
Mahdi.
"Kitchener was a great admirer of
Gordon," Mr. Morrell continued, "and
could not conceal his anger at Glad
stone for his treatment of the hero,
which he characterized as "rude and
unkind."
He, Kitchener, was looked up to as
the most capable man to lead the expe
dition to rescue Gordon, though there
were many officers on the spot superior
in him in rank. No one general had
supreme command, because Wolseley,
Graham and the other well-known
leaders had cleared out, so the Intelli
gence Department had the organizing
of the affair.
Kitchener had by this time made him
self Invaluable to the department. He
was thoroughly acquainted with the
customs of the Arabs and had made
personal friends with many powerful
Sheiks.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOREB 16, 1898.
THE CHARGE OF THE 2IST LANCERS AT OMDURMAN, September 2, 1898.
From a sKetch n)ade by LleuteQant Aogus McNeil, Seaforth hjlghlaodars, for the Illustrated London News.
TriE END OF MAHDISM : THE DEAD YAKUB AND HIS FOLLOWERS BESIDE THE
KHALIFA'S BLACK FLAG.
From a Sketch by a Correspondent of the Illustrated London News.
The Finest Heroic Display in the Dervish Ranks Was Made by the Khalifa's Brother, the Emir Yakub, Who With His
Followers Gathered in a Dense Mass Round Their Standard and Proudly Faced the Leaden Hail. As Yakub Expired, Several
of His Wounded Bodyguard Raised Themselves and Fired at Our Men. They Were Promptly Despatched. Slatin Pasha
Witnessed the Death of His Old Enemy and Captor, Yakub, Who Recognized Him.
"The local Governors were mostly
rich Turks," said Mr. Morrell. "They
were nominated from Constantinople
and their subjects were held in abso
lute servitude. Slavery flourished, too,
and knowing the English had forbidden
this, the Turks were loth to allow a
white man in their homes.
"With Kitchener it was different. He
was welcomed always with a broad
smile, and it is the same to-day. When
Kitchener enters an Arab tent he is
very careful to observe all the pro
prieties and speak the figurative flow
ing language peculiar to the Arabians.
"He first salams respectfully and then
says: 'Salam allakum' ('With you be
God.') The Sh*k answers with an in
clination of his head: "Allakum el
salam' ('God be with you.') What the
Arabs consider as a great Joke on
Kitchener, and a saying that always
calls for a laugh at the expense of the
g-eneral, is another of these amenities
•which, translated, means: 'May you be
the sire of many sons.' General Kitch
ener is unmarried and will probably
remain a bachelor all his life, so that
the Arabs consider it about the funniest
thing possible to greet Kitchener with
this legend.
"Kitchener then had charge prac
tically of the Gordon relief expedition,
and if he had had his own way Gordon
might have been saved. We reached
Khartoum just about seventy hours
after the massacre, and Kitchener was
so sorry and enraged over this that he
almost shed tears."
"We got away from Cairo in April,
1884. The other expeditions had made
their way through the Soudan, but
Kitchener planned to go up the Nile in
order to reach Khartoum more readily.
For this purpose we were provided
with canoes specially built in Canada
and paddled by Canadian frontiers
men. The canoes varied from twenty
feet to sixty feet in length and ha?
turned ux> ends after the style of the
Indian boatF. The largest ones were
twelve feet wide and they could accom
modate forty men beside the paddlers.
"Along the banks of the Nile followed
the commissariat, the heavy baggage
and the horses. The Tenth Hussars
and Egyptian cavalry Kitchener pick
ed out especially for the expedition and
camels he used to transport the com
missariat.
"It was in providing unusually good
rations for the men that Kitchener
made his first hit, and his determina
tion to have the men well fed in a hot
tropical climate is responsible in great
part for his wonderful success. He is
always as careful of his commissariat
as though the camels were carrying
precious stones.
"Every morning at 10 o'clock he is out
to see to the details of giving out the
stores, and any sergeant who makes a
complaint about food always receives a
hearing. Kitchener laid in a supply of
things which we had never been treat-
Ed to before. He got tinned beef made
in Chicago, cheese, condensed milk,
curry and rice, and all along the route
bought fresh vegetables. Every man
received one pound and a half of bread
and one pound of meat a day, coffee
for dinner and tea at night. If some
big chap swore he hadn't enough
Kitchener would give orders to 'feed
him more.'
"Kitchener was still a brevet major,
out the soldiers looked upon him as a
general, and he attracted more atten
tion than any other officer. It was my
duty to go ahead with the guides and
interview the Sheiks. The job was fu'l
of danger, and hardly a day passed
that Major Kitchener did not appear in
our company and ride alongd He had
two horses then, both full-blooded
Arabians. He called the smaller one
Said and a heavy roadster he named
Mohammed. He gave them these
names, as he frankly explained to us,
in order to make himself popular with
the Sheiks. His reputation soon spread
on account of this consideration which
he showed for the natives, and he was
the guest* of honor whenever we enter
ed a Sheik's tent. The seats in these
tents run around three sides. In the
center sits the Sheik and the one whom
he intends to honor is seated lust to
the right. It was an eye-opener to
most of the men to see Kitchener
squatted on the divan chatting in
Arabic.
"He is also popular with these chaps
because he is inordinately fond of
smoking lacome or the cigarette called
Turkish Delight. One hardly ever sees
Kitchener without a cigarette in his
mouth. He is also fond of smoking the
nargileh or Turkish pipe, and never re
fuses the proffered bowl. It is an old
proverb that when salt is eaten with an
Arab you are his friend for life, and
Kitchener never refused to make friends
in this way, although ordinarily he eats
but little. He says the less he eats the
better he works, and I certainly never
saw a soldier who could endure so
much. Rarely on an expedition does
he sleep more than five or six hours out
of twenty-four, and the rest of the time
he can be continually in the saddle
without showing fatigue."
One of the most strikingly interest
ing incidents of this march related by
the interpreter to illustrate Kitchener's
unusual characteristics was the follow
ing: When the expedition got as far
as Assouan a quarrel broke out among
the natives in the commissariat depart
ment. This was made up of two dis
tinct camel corps, one from Aden, con
sisting of Somalis, the fine breed of
Arabs who live in Aden; the other of
Egyptians from Cairo and Alexandria.
At the first encampment bad blood
broke out. The contention as to who
were the most proficient in camel driv
ing was heightened by the alleged pref
erence which was shown to the Aden
ites by the English. Finally the So
malis challenged the Egyptians to a
fair fight to see who were the most
valiant.
"The Egyptians refused the contest.
I was one of the interpreters who re
ported the matter to Captain Wilson, in
charge of the commissary. The next
morning Major Kitchener himself came
into the camp and ordered the Teme
dar (head groomsman) of the Adenites
and the Sheik of the Egyptians to pre
sent themselves. He heard the two
sides of the grievance, and then, turn
ing quickly, commanded the Sheik and
twenty of the foremost Egyptians to be
bastinadoed for cowardice. There was
the greatest excitement in camp, but
no one dared to revolt when those
piercing eyes followed up the order.
About twenty of those who refused to
fight were tied on boards and rattan
canes given to as many of the Aden
ities, and, to use the interpreter's exact
language, "They jolly well bastinadoed
the Egyptians' feet off." Some of them
were so belabored that they could not
walk for weeks, their feet being cut and
swollen, but it stamped out all coward
ice in the army."
Kitchener is a martinet in tHe ob
servance of rules and is severe in pun
ishing-. He comes down rather heavily
on drunkenness, and for this reason
has made himself to a certain extent
unpopular with some of his soldiers.
Rogers, his body servant, is a tee
totaler, which is an exceedingly rare
thing to find ii* the ranks of Tommy
Atkins. "Kitchener's cure for drunk
enness" is a by-word among his men.
Once taken it is never forgotten. The
culprit is togged out in full marching
equipment, which is a matter of sixty
pounds, and is then compelled to carry
in each hand a bag of shot weighing
fifty pounds. A sergeant and a guard
are put over the victim to see that ha
does not stop walking or drop the shot.
A man is sometimes kept at this "shot
drill" for six hours.
Another severity which called down
unpleasant comments on Kitchener was
his order "Kill the wounded Dervishes."
England heard of this with horror, but
the British soldiers were loud in their
praises. Kitchener had seen how these
Dervishes, after being wounded, would
lie quiet on the battlefield, concealing in
their clothes a pistol or scimitar-shaped
knife. When the ambulance corps'and
surgeons came out on the field to give
aid to the wounded enemy these fel
lows would wriggle out through the
heaps of slain and give a last thrust or
put a bullet in a nurse or doctor. At
other times they would hamstring a
horse, and in this way disabled nearly
the whole "Black "Watch." Kitchener's
order is carried out to this day. It was
the soldiers' only protection.
"There were 8000 men in that first ex
pedition." continued Mr. Morrell, "and
they moved along like clockwork. The
Canadians were expert at shooting the
rapids, and could have made splendid
time. But our orders from London
were to proceed at eight and ten miles
a day. Kitchener was for pushing for
ward in spite of orders. 'God,' he would
exclaim, 'poor Gordon will be murdered
just because of a lot of fogheads at
home.' Every day or two a runner
would reach camp after making hia
way through the Mahdi's army in dis
guise and tell us that Gordon's provis
ions were almost gone and that he
could hold out but a few days. Kitch
ener had figured out almost to the hour
when we would reach Khartoum at the
rate we were traveling, and decided
that we would get there too late. But
he was only a junior officer, and his
counsels to push forward did not pre
vail.
"The men were all with him, though
they could never quite understand him.
At one time he would tear along on hia
Said, cursing the slow motion of the
army, and at other times he would ride
along hardly paying any attention to
his horse, and intently reading the
Koran or some vol'ime of the ancient
Persian and Arabian poets. He knows
the Koran so well that he can quote it
to the Sheiks with more fluency than
the Arabs themselves.
"Finally we were getting: near Khar
toum and hopes of saving Gordon be
gan to rise. They were suddenly dashed
to earth, though, by the arrival of a
Greek named Lycurgus. who was car
ried into camp almost dead. He brought
a message from Gordon and Frank
Power, correspondent of the London
Times, to 'Come quick for God's sake.'
It was then too late, though, for the
Greek had just got clear of the Mahdi's
lines when the Dervishes broke into
Khartoum and began the massacre. "We
reached there two days later, only to
find the city deluged in blood. Had
Kitchener had his way we could have
saved Gordon."
v
1920
THIS WOMAN
HAD SEVEN HUSBANDS.
MRS B D. SMITH POSITIVELY ASSERTS THAT MARRIAGE IS NOT A FAILURE,
JtjsT within the shadow
hills of the Ozark Mountains
:eS the little town of Hu
mansville, Mo.
What makes Humansville most
ever heard of in this untr >":
'n spite of her seven husbands, to
aa ; n, thin, of her 5o years Mrs. Sxnfth
£ still youthful and handsome. The
newly wedded couple are at present hv
mg at the pretty little cottage owned
by her aged mother.
"••I have often thought," said Mrs.
Smith, v B*e dusted a comfortable
rocker, guiltless of dust, and drew it
forward for her caller, "that I could
fo-ever set at rest that old. old proverb.
■I* marriage a failure?' I would most
positively assert that it is not a failure.
I have had seven husbands and buried
five of them. One ran away with an
other woman; the other. Brother Smith,
will be home in a moment; he is out
attending to the cow now.
"Yes, my life has been a series of
strange Incidents. I have nad much
trouble, much of it," folding her hands
and gazing reflectively out over the
hazy meadows, "but," straightening up
more determinedly. "I never give up.
I look the present squarely in the face
and trust to the Lord to make the fu
ture brighter. He has always done it.
"Tell you something about my life?
Well, there is not much to tell, but I'll
try. lam a little confused about dates.
You see, I had so many husbands and
so many things happened that I can
hardly be very exact.
"1 have known Brother Smith— you
see I call him brother from force of
habit — all my life. He was and is my
pastor. How long was he engaged to
me? Why, bless your soul, one day.
We knew each other all our life— all
my lif^, I mean. He game over to see
me Sunday night and talked It up. We
were married on Tuesday.
'My seven husbands were all en
gaged but a short time, and I now
have— let me see, sixteen or eighteen
step-children. And they, all love me.
Whenever they are married I give them
a wedding dinner and set them up in
housekeeping. There are three sets of
them, too. They come to see me and
whenever my husbands die they always
offer me a home.
"I knew my first husband, Mr. Vice,
a year. Mr. Milligan six months. Mr.
De Priest I knew eighteen months, but
we were engaged but three weeks. Mr.
Crozier I knew four years and was en
gaged to him but two months. Mr.
Dougherty I knew a week.
"Xeff I knew nine months, but' we
sparked only three months. We lived
together only three months."
"Why, daughter," broke in her old
mother, who came in softly and be
came an interested listener, "you lived
with him six months, d^ar, I remember
quite well."
"I guess you're right, mother," re
plied the bride as she stopped to think.
Then suddenly:
"Yes, it was Fix months. You see,"
apologetically, "I have had so many
it's awful hard to keep things
straight. I was happy with every one,
too," she went on in a low tone, a
far-away look stealing over her ma
tronly features. "Even with Neff. I
never had a cross word, or the slight
est quarrel with any of my husbands,
they all loved me. You see I was hard
to please. Some people look nice, but
they don't wear well, and I like the
wearing kind.
"Yes. I've had a good many offers,
but I always know what I'm doiner.
and when I make up my mind, I don't
believe in delay. I Just go ahead and
get the thing over with. You see Neff
turned out bad, but it wasn't my fault.
I made him a good wife."
It has always been said in the com
munity that Neff disappeared, and has
never been heard of. As the story
goes, Mrs. Smith preserves the nuptial
garments of her departed spouses, and
HERE IS A WOMAN WHO HAS BORNE
TWENTY-FOUR CHILDREN
AND SHE WISHES THERE WERE MORE.
MRS. SAMUEL P. SWART
WOOD of Mountain Top, near
Wilkesbarre, Pa., is the mother
of twenty-four children.
This statement may seem In
credible, but it has been fully verified
by many people who visited Mrs. Swart
wood's home.
Five of the children are dead. But
Mrs. Swartwood's dinner horn can still
summon to the table nineteen children,
her husband, two sons-iri-law, one
daughter-in-law and two grandchild
ren.
To be mother of twenty-four children
16 no small achievement, and Mrs.
Swartwood is proud of it. "My child
ren," she said, "are n^y greatest bless
ing."
Mrs. Swartwood is now forty years
old, pleasant-faced and genial, rotund
and jolly, with a great capacity for
laughter and a happy disposition, which
shows that frequent motherhood has
not damaged her temper.
"My children have all been good
children," she said, "and I have no
trouble with any of them; and though
I have always" — this with a modest
iittle laugh — "had a baby — and some
times two — to look after, they never
seemed to be the trouble and worry
that some babies are. My last little one
is sick now, but it is not a eerious sick
shows them to their successors. When
she entertained Neff in this way six
months after she became his wife, she
dusted the garments off and remarked
in a teasing way:
'Til be dusting yours off this way
some time."
To this proposition Xeff is reported
to have promptly and energetically
replied: I'll bo if you do," and
forthwith disappeared.
"Do I remember how my husbands
looked? Indeed I do. I have their pic
tures too.
'"When I married Mr. Dougherty he
had met my mother but once, and I
Introduced him to her as my husband.
She said she supposed it was all rierht.
and that she wasn't at all surprised."
According to the stories in town Mrs.
Smith had her fortune told by a wan
dering gypsy at Brighton, Mo., years
ago. Part of the revelation was that
she was to have seven husbands, that
the seventh wouid survive her, and that
two of the seven would break into the
penitentiary. When asked about this.
Mrs. Smith said:
"It's only partly true. I had my for
tune told, as they say, by cards, and
the gypsy said I'd have seven hus
bands, and that the seventh would
outlive me. I try to make them forget
it, but they won't. I don't want my
husbands to die. I nursed Crozier 16
months and Dougherty 15 months, but
they died anyhow. But here is mv
new husband now. I was just telling
the gentleman," she said, turning to
a tall, austere looking old man. who
entered, "that I don't like my husbands
to die."
The colonel looked thoughtful a mo
ment, and said:
"No, I don't think she does, but they
do it, anyhow. She marries real sud
ness, and she will be all right soon, I
hope."
Mrs. Swartwood was married when
she was fourteen years old and when
her husband was twenty, and two of
her daughters have followed her ex
ample in making an early marriage,
both being wedded when they were
nineteen. But while one has been mar
ried three years and the other two,
each has but one child.
Mr. Swartwood is forty-seven years
old and well preserved. He weighs
about 225 pounds while his wife weighs
150. He is an engineer on the Central
Railroad. He likes nothing better than
to chat about his numerous fahaily, and
is almost as proud of them as he is of
his wife. As for himself, he Is very
modest.
"She is the best little wife in the
world," he said. "I married her when
she was only fourteen, but we had
known each other since we were child
ren, and she was cfuite a big girl then.
We grow big up here on the top of the
mountain," he said, surveying his
ample girth.
Mrs. Swartwood's first child was born
fourteen months after her marriage,
and there have been but five years
since during which the household has
failed to be blessed with a babe. These
years were 1874, 1883, 1887, 1888 and 1896.
But two of them were in succession,
and In the succeeding year twins were
born. Of all the twenty-four children
there were but two sets 'of twins, and
THE SAX FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
den, too. We did, only a day. you
know, but I reckon she had an intima
tion of what was coming."
"Yes, Brother Smith," she replied,
"you was real nervous for a few days
and I kind of thought you was com
ing arqund. .
"Brofher Smith," she went on,
"would rather be addressed as a min
ister than as colonel. He has an army
record though. He'll tell you about it
while I get supper."
Mrs. Aliie Anne Bridges, the mother
of this remarkable woman, is 76 years
old, four years younger than her latest
son-in-law. She has had three daugh
ters and ten sons in law.
Mrs. Smith was born in Caldwell
County, November 12, 1843, and raised
in Harrison County. At the age of 15
years she married George H. Vice, De
cember 25, 1858. They lived together
five years, when he was killed while on
picket guard as the first sergeant of
M Troop, First Arkansas Cavalry.
They had one child, now Mrs. Sam
White, also living with her second hus
band, and who has several children —
two of them married.
In less than a year, on October 10,
these were born in 1889 and 1893. One of
each set of twins is dead.
When the mother was asked the
birthdays of her children she recited
them as one of them afterward recited
the lines he had spoken at school the
week before and with Just as much
fluency.
Mrs. Swartwood talked freely about
her married life. "I was married when
I was fourteen," she said. "Pretty
early? Yes, but I wanted to get mar
ried, and I loved Sajn. We have been
very happy, and I wouldn't change my
life for any rich lady's. Look at these
children! Ain't they riches enough and
every one living at home except the
two girls that got married?
"It's nice for father and me to have
them all here, but it crowds us up
pretty well. You see we haven't got
a big house and every bit of space in
it is used. Look at that table, now!"
and she led the way indoors. It was
nearly 6 o'clock. "Look at that table!"
It was a table to look at! Of gener
ous width and Very long, it bore plates
and knives and forks for twenty people.
At Intervals were great piles of bread,
and three large dishes of pickles, while
from the kitchen, from the large pots,
came savory smells.
"We've got four big chickens stewed
for to-night, with hot biscuits, too; but
you'd be surprised to see how they'll
go. They'll have to fill up on potatoes
and bread.
"It keeps me and the girls pretty
1864, she married William de Priest.
They had two children, both boys, Al
len and Albert, and after six years >f
married life De Priest died of spinal
trouble.
Her next husband was Francis Mii
ligan, and she married him January 13,
1870. They had two children, a boy
and a girl, both living. Milligan died
of typhoid fever October 27, ISB3.
She became Mrs. James Neff April
3, ISB6, and, as told, he disappeared nix
months later. She secured a divorce
in 1887 at Bolivar, Mo., and the same
day married Jacob Crozier.
A peculiar fact about her marriage
to Neff was that she was at the same
time engaged to marry a man named
Doyle, who lives near Humansville. She
set the day, April 3, and made up her
mind to marry whoever came first. Neff
was the lucky man, and just as the
minister, her present husband, pro
nounced them man and wife, Doyle
rushed up, breathless, with the license
in his hand. Neff laughed aloud and
MRS. SMITH AND HER SEVEN HUSBANDS.
the new Mr?. Xeff smiled as she said:
"You're just five minutes too late."
She has been sorry ever since she
didn't take Doyle. He is living in St.
Clair County now, is wealthy, and has
got over his disappointment.
One child, a girl, was the result of her
union with Crozier, but she died tn in
fancy. Crosier died uctober 14, 1892,
of consumption.
Mr?. Crozier took her sixth matrimo
nial stop October F., 1894, when she mar
ried G. W. Dougherty. He died Janu
ary 13, 1897.
All her husbands were farmers and
fairly wealthy.
Besides marrying her to NefT, her
present husband officiated at the fu
neral of Crozier and Dougherty and
baptized several of her children.
busy working looking after the eating
and washing for our big family, but we
get along all right. Father makes
about $70 a month and the boys bring
in about $90, and, while we are getting
along, we've nothing to spare.
"We've given them all as good a
schooling as they can get around here,
and school's a good place for them be
cause it gets them out of the way,
teaches them something and keeps
them out of mischief.
"What do I think of married life?
Well—well, I ought to know; that's so.
Who is it said married life was one
long, sweet dream? Grover Cleveland,
wasn't it? Well, I agree with him. It
has been to me. I think every woman
should get married. I don't know much
about what they call the new woman,
but if the new woman is one who don't
intend to get married then I don't be
lieve in her. What's as happy as liaving
children to love you and you loving
them?
"I've heard about some of those mar
ried women who do not wai.t to have
any children. I once read a story about
a society woman who wouldn't have
any because they'd make her miss some
parties.
"Well, I haven't any use for that kind
of woman, and I don't see how any
man could love one of them. I think if
a married woman does not have a child
she doesn't fulfill a woman's mission on
earth; she does not live as thi Creator
intended she should.
THIS MAN
HAD FIFTY WIVES.
CHARLES WOODRUFF OF CHICAGO ASSERTS THAT MARRIAGE IS A TRADE.
CHARLES WOODRUFF of Chi
cago is a man who has made
marriage a trade. Within the
last thirteen years he has mar
ried fifty women, an average of
four a year. With every one he got
some money, and in thir is the secret of
his wholesale ventures in matrimony
Now Woodruff Is in prison at .Buffalo,
N. Y. He married once too often.
Brigham Youns?, the high priest of
Mormonism, with all his facilities for
plural marriage, had only twenty-six
wives* he was a tenderfoot in compari
son with Woodruff. There probably
was never a more successful winner
of women than this man; probably no
man who ever had a more ..delicate,
more subtle affection of manner. To
meet a woman and marry her in an
hour is. his record for facility; to woo
and marry half a hundred women is
his record of success.
When he was middle-aged and at
tractive, dressing as he did in the
height of fashion, it was his diversion
to captivate a woman, young or old, to
tell her that he loved her as he hart
never loved another, and to marry her
in a few hours, or perchance in a few
days, only to desert her.
Mr. Woodruff is a student and a
philosopher of love, and this is the
statement he makes of the secret
"Woman's weakness, not any accom
plishment or appearance of mine, is the
cause of my success in winning hearts.
Women are frail things at best.
"Take women when they get to be 40,
and almost anybody can win them.
They want to be won. Under 30 it is
harder to win them, but still it can be
done if a person is patient.
"Tell them they are good-looking, of
course; any schoolboy knows that is
the first rudiment of success with
women.
"There is another factor which I can
not describe. It might be called man's
ensemble. It is his make-up, his ap
pearance, his manner, his way of talk
in? his way of looking— a man's eyes,
you know, are what work havoc with
women if they are used right. You can
not acquire these personalities. They
are born in a man.
"Women differ some, too. For in
stance, a simpleness of manner might
impress one. while another might be
captivated by a mysterious, self-know
ing air. First, you want to study the
woman. I remember but one whom I
could not understand. I can usually
read them at a glance. This one of
whom I speak baffled me, though. No,
I didn't marry her.
"The man that married her wai up to
date. She wanted me to make a million
oathbound promises, and I wouldn't do
that for any one. I might make a few,
but not many. One has to make enough
when he's married. I have made a
ptudy of emotions in women and of
their tastes and likings, because I
found interest in the pilrsuit."
Woodruff pushed his numerous court
ships with vigorous alacrity. It selddm
took him over two days after he had
met a woman for the first time to close
up the marriage bargain and lead her
to the altar. It was in 1889 that Wood
ruff achieved his especial notoriety.
One day he was descending in the ele
vator of an office building on Main
street, Buffalo, when a woman, over
come by the movement of the car,
fainted and fell against him. This was
Mrs. S. A. Sample, a widow, with five
children. Woodruff was gay looking
and urbane in speech. He captivated
Mrs. Sample even while he held her on
the way down in the elevator. He went
out with her, won her completely, and
married her. The entire proceeding
had occupied Just an hour. He desert
ed her two days later. Mrs. Sample is
now living in Aver, Mass., under her
old name.
Mr. Woodruff married, so far as de
fectives have been able to learn, five
women in Buffalo. It is believed, how
ever, that he figured in at least a dozen
weddings there. His greatest -success
took place while he was stationed at
the United States Hotel advertising for
young women to go on the stage. In
answer to his advertisement a young
woman named Rowell called at his
rooms and was so pleased with him
that she took him to the home of her
aunt, Miss Schmintzins, and introduced
him to her. In two days Woodruff and
Miss Schmintzins were married.
After leaving Buffalo in 1890 or 1891
Woodruff traveled all over the coun
try, returning to Buffalo every few
CHARLES WOODRUFF of Chicago, Who Has Married Fifty Times
According to the Records.
months for a day's visit. He spent
much of his time in St. Louis, where,
the police say, he has more wives than
he has in Buffalo. He also has wives
in Chicago. Pittsburg, New York, Los
Angeles, City ot Mexico, Kansas City,
Boston and Philadelphia.
In each of these places, judging from
the* letters he has in his trunk, he won
numerous hearts and made some wives.
He posed as a professor of massage
treatment in New York, professor of
elocution in St. Louis, and as a mining
engineer in Mexico and California.
In IS'j6 Woodruff went to Buffalo,
stayed two weeks, and married a wo
man named Loretta Dart, of whom he
had never before heard. He and ahe
were married at Fort Erie. Woodruff
deserted her a few days after the cere
mony and the woman went to live with
her parents, who are wealthy farmers
near Hambu: h, N. Y. She lives
there now.
About three months ago Woodruff
went to Buffalo and put up at a Pearl
street boarding-house. One day he
met Rowina Scott on the street. Mrs.
Scott spoke to him, but Woodruff did
not answer. He evidently did not
know her as one of his wives. Mrs.
Scott met him a second time, and when
this time he did not deign to recognize
her she was Indignant. She went to
the police. Detectives were detailed
on the case and two days later they ar
rested Woodruff.
Among the other wives of Woodruff
are: Mabel Lane, a soubrette, married
in April 1886; Mrs. Branster, May, 1881".
Alice Newberry, February, 1888; Annie
Last Moroe Given to tr)« Bride.
Schetler. January, 1890; Miss Kent.
January, 1890; Mrs. Caroline Woodruff,
January, IS9B.
Woodruff was trying to deny the
charges which have been made against
him one day last week, when the prison
guard announced that a lady wished to
see him— a Tady from New York.
"I guess you may siia»' her up,"
said the prisoner. "I don't know any
body from New York."
A wiry woman of 40— she said after
ward her name was Mrs. Jasper
walked into the room.
"Now, Charley Woodruff," she said,
as she fixed her eyes on the man. "I
hope you can remember me long
enough to give me back my ring.
Placidly Woodruff gazed upon the in
dignant caller.
"My good woman," he said, sooth
ingly, "I don't know you. I can't re
member having met you before."
"I am the woman you married."
"A.re you sure about that?" queried
Woodruff, sweetly. "I never would
have known you."
A German farmer residing near Spo
kane has achieved quite a reputation
as an unconscious wit, and this anec
dote is good enough to be entitled to a
place in classic story:
The German and his assistant were
hard at work digging potatoes, and
while engaged in this laborious indus
try their two dogs disported about the
premises, racing about furiously as
dogs will in a playful mood. The as
sistant watched them for a minute,
then ventured the sociological observa
tion :
"I believe dogs enjoy themselves more
than men."
"Vy. of course," quoth the farmer, in
a tone that^implied a settled belief in
the soundness of this view of the ques
tion, "but ye can't all be dogs."— The
Dilettante.TERRORS AND FORTUNES Chained Up in THE LOG RAFTS That Bump Into THE GOLDEN GATE
Tbe One That Recently Escaped from Its Towboats Came Near Wrecking Several Vessels, and Whe 0 It Began to Break Up farmers and fishermen Along the Coast fibandonad Their Callings to Gather in the flotsam of lumber and Log*
The forward End of the Log Raft Rose High in the Air and Threatened to Crush the
Tow-Boat prom Which It had Escaped.
LOG rafts are very good things,"
say the Italian fishermen.
"Log rafts are very bad things
and should not be permitted,"
say the captains of the passen
ger steamers.
The Italian fisherman knows that
they are quite likely to break up out
at sea, and he can pick up the floating
piles. The salvage on them will in
crease his income several dollars.
The captain of the passenger steamer
knows that the thought of one of them
gives him the nightmare. In the peace
ful summer sea the log raft that has
got away from its tow lies in wait for
hi? steamer. Hundreds of lives are en
dangered and a good ship placed in a
position of the gravest peril, when she
should be as safe as when anchored in
San Francisco Bay.
"The log rafts save us lots of money,"
pay the lumbermen, "and if the pas-
Eenger steamer captains attend to their
business they need not run into them.
TVe know that the towing of log rafts
is forbidden on all ocean waters con
trolled by England, because they think
ir dangerous, but that Js nothing to us.
We should be permitted to carry on our
business in the most economical man
ner we can."
And so it appears that there are
three sides to the log raft towing story.
The question as to -whether they should
be permitted or not is a grave one, call
ing for immediate action on the part of
our next Legislature.
It is about six years since the first
log raft was towed inside the Golden
Gate. At that time only the commer
oi;ti side of the business was looked at,
and the success of the venture was
loudly praised. Another raft was built
WHAT UNCLE SAM EATS AND DRINKS IN ONE YEAR.
IF the strength of a country be measured by the
abundance and nutritive value of Its food then
the United States stands easily at the head of
the dominant nations of the world. Not only
can the farms, the meadows and the orchards
supply the needs of our own citizens, but there is
left an immense surplus to be shipped to other
countries.
Take wheat, for example, one of the leading staples.
During the past ten years the nation's wheat crop has
averaged about 465,000,000 bushels, ranging from less
than 400,000,000 bushels in 1893 to over 600,000,000 two
years earlier. The average yearly exports of this
■wheat for the same decade were 140,000,000 bushels,
leaving 325,000,000 for home consumption. Excluding
the wheat used for seed and for purposes other than
human food, the present consumption is estimated to
be a little less than one barrel of rlour per capita, or
70,000,000 barrels for the nearly 75,000,000 population.
That means an annual consumption of 14,000.000,000
pounds of flour— a bulk which, put into a single re
ceptacle, would require a barrel twice the height of
the Washington Monument and correspondingly big
of circumference. Were all this flour made into bread
It would yield 20,000,000,000 pound loaves. Reversing
the metaphor of the Sermon on the Mount and "giving
bread for a stone," these loaves would pave road
way thirty-six feet wide and extending around the
in the north and started down. It g«>t
lost, but fortunately a heavy storm
came up and broke the raft all to pieces
and washed it ashore out of the path
of vessels.
"If we land one raft out of three we
can still make money." said the lum
bermen, heedless of the danger and the
inconvenience they mieht cause nav
igation, and they immediately went to
work on another log pile.
From that time to the present log
rafts have been towed to San Fran
cisco from the lumber regions of the
north with varied success. Some of the
rafts have come through so easily as to
cause no comment. But every few
months one of them has managed to
get loose from its tow and float around
for days, a menace to navigation.
It would seem, though, that the busi
ness is a profitable one, for log rafts
are still being built and towed with
more or less success.
There can be no doubt but that log
raft towing is a great deal cheaper than
shipping logs by lumber schooners,
either steam or sail. A good log raft
will contain as much lumber as could
be crowded into fifty of the ordinary
sailing schooners. The cost of towing
is nominal compared to the expenses
of a fleet of sailing vessels. It will be
thus seen that the profits from this
business are enormous, enough to make
the lumbermen forget the dangers to
the other travelers of the sea. A small
log raft is worth about $30,000. If it is
landed safely in San Francisco the
profits will be about $20,000. But larger
rafta than this have been sent down
successfully. The largest is said to
have netted the promoters of the
'scheme a profit of about $50,000.
Aside from the financial and humani
tarian aspects of the log raft business
there is another aspect. This is its
picturesqueness and danger of the men
engaged in it.
To safely tow a log raft from any of
world. If bakery wagons were loaded each with a
thousand of the loaves 20,000,000 would be needed to
move the bread. They would make a procession over
60,000 miles long or eighteen abreast from ocean to
ocean. Of course not all the flour is made into bread,
since millions of pies, cakes and other products of the
cook's art come from these 70,000,000 flour barrels.
Wheat, however, is far from being the only grain
used for food by the American people. The corn
crop is about four times as large as that of wheat,
and some seventeen hundred millions of bushels re
main for consumption in our own country. But only
a fraction of this reaches the stomach of man direct,
for the most part it is taken in the pork, beef, milk,
butter, eggs and other products of animals that fatten
on its substance. In recent years, apparently, the
direct use of corn for man's food is increasing with
the •'mixed" flour, the patent food preparations, the
brown bread, corn dodgers and like cookery. Whole
sections of the South use corn almost exclusively in
preference to wheat flour.
Then there Is the oat crop averaging 700,000,000
bushels, most of which remains in this country. Amer
icans are rapidly following the Scotch in the use of
oats as a table food, still only a small fraction of the
total crop is consumed in the home. The average
barley crop is 70,000,000 bushels, all but 5,000,000 bushels
of which remains within the country. The usual yield
of rye is 28,000,000 bushels, very little of which is ex
ported. But the barley and rye are largely reduced
to fluid form before the American consents to take
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
the northern lumber regions into San
Francisco requires the greatest ability
in the way of seamanship. The tow
boat captain must know his business
and keep a careful lookout on his
charge at all hours of the day and
night.
If the weather is fine and the current
light there will be little difficulty. The
task will be only a question of time.
The crew of the towboat will haveprac
tically nothing to do.
But if the current is high and the sea
choppy and with a long swell there is
another story to tell. Under these cir
cumstances the raft will dance around
in all sorts of directions. Owing to a
certain amount of flexibility the log
raft has a way of occasionally going
faster than Its tow. It seems to slide
down a series of waves and make a
dash for the towboat. If the man at
the wheel is not on the lookout the
small craft will be overwhelmed and
crushed to pieces and not a man left to
tell the tate.
Another'danger comes when the log
raft breaks the tow line and starts on
a voyage of her own. If this happens
in daylight the pile of logs can often
be caught and the voyage proceeded
with, but if it happens at night during
a storm the chances are that the raft
will drift about for days endangering
every vessel that passes up or down
the coa?t.
This is what happened to the last raft
that was sent down from the north. All
went well until San Francisco was al
most reached. Then the cables snapped
and the raft went adrift. For over a
week all efforts to find it proved un
availing. Several steamers narrowly
escaped running it down and reported
the location to the tugboats here. But
when the tugboats went out to hunt
for the raft they could find no trace of
the floating log pile.
Then it broke in two and the surface
of the ocean for miles was scattered
talian F«sbermen Towing io Piles Adrift prom the Dere
lict Log Raft.
with logs. It was then that the Italian
fishermen realized the beauties and the
riches of log rafts. Each of the float
ing piles was worth about $5, ajid every
fisherman with a boat forgot all about
fish and began to scour the near-by
ocean for logs. Pile catching was the
principal industry along the water
front. Some of the large boats could
take two of the logs in tow and make
two trips a day. This meant $20. There
will be no more fishing as long as the
piles hold out. Send down more log
rafts and let them break up just out
side the Golden Gate and the Italian
fishermen will be happy.
Another log raft a few days ago es
caped from Its tow and went adrift.
The steamer Queen almost ran into it.
them into his stomach. Some 15,000,000 bushels of
buckwheat enter each year into the composition of
our pancakes.
Another favorite food of the Americans is the po
tato. Its average crop in recent years has been about
225,000,000 bushels.
America's sweet tooth is said to be abnormally de
veloped. The consumption of sugar reaches the aston
ishing total of 5,500,000,000 pounds; but only one-eighth
of this is raised at home. Last year nearly a third
of the supply came from Germany, and 8 per cent
more from the rest of Europe. The West Indies sent
24 per cent and the East Indies 14 per cent.
The dairy produces another important part of the
food supply. With the butler, cheese, milk and like
products, the total value to the consumer is estimated
to be not less than $600,000,000 a year. To spread the
bread, make the pies and concoct other appetizing
dainties requires an annual supply of not less than
1,350,000,000 pounds of butter. Besides, we export about
25,000,000 pounds. Cheese is used to the extent of
230.000,000 pounds annually. Made into one gigantic
cheese it would measure 450 feet in diameter and half
as many feet in height.
Then there are the eggs, of which 850,000.000 dozens
are used during the year. Placed end to end they
would gird the world twelve times at the equator.
Yet this use is not excessive, since it allows less than
three eggs a week to each person.
Probably no people in the world eat as much meat
••? the Americans. The Secretary of Agriculture places
Evidently the raft anchored itpelf on a
reef off Pigeon Point, where It remain
ed for several days, until finally loos
ened by dynamite. This raft is worth
$25,000. It also had about $6000 worth of
chain on it.
A short time ago a lumber raft broke
up outside and a section of It drifted
on to the beach at Santa Cruz. Lumber
rafts, however, are not so much to be
feared by seamen as log rafts. It is the
monster of heavy piles that keeps the
steamer captain awake at night.
« ♦ »
Wtyepe .He Drew The Line.
Once there was a farmer from Swales
Hollow drove up to Gerber's undertak
the annual meat bill at not less than $900,000,000.
Figures can be only approximate, yet a fair estimate
would place the beef consumed at 5,000.000,000 pounds,
pork at 4,000,000,000, and mutton at 800,000,000 pounds.
With the poultry and game the total meat eaten an
nually cannot be less than 10,000,000,000 pounds, which
is nearly two pounds a day apiece for each family
of five persons.
To the meat supply must be added the products
of the rivers, lakes and oceans, aggregating probably
some 800,000,000 pounds of various kinds of fish. The
canned salmon alone is placed at 80,000,000 pounds.
Americans are drinkers as well as eaters. Last
year they used 725,000,000 pounds of coffee and 110,000,
000 pounds of tea. At the average strength the coffee
in the cups would measure 1,200,000,000 gallons and
the tea 1,100,000,000 gallons. To these must be added
beer, 1,200,000,000 gallons, wines 25,000,000, and distilled
spirits, such as whisky, brandy and rum, 90,000,000
gallons. This gives a total of over 3,600,000,000 gallons
or about forty-eight gallons for each man, woman and
child.
The statement in billions of pounds of the food
consumed by the nation is certainly impressive, but
far less so than if one could actually see these enor
mous quantities. As an aid in measuring one day's
food of the American people imagine that a giant
2000 feet tall were to land on this continent from a
distant planet. Larger by far than the famous giants
found by Gulliver in the land of Brobdingnag this
monster would tower four times as high as the Wash
Farriers 09 the Beach Near Half-Moon Bay Gathering Lum
ber From tQe BroKei)-Up Raft.
ing establishment In East Aurora and
asked the price of a coffin that was in
the window. Mr. Gerber explained the
price was so much; and as the farmer
looked the picture of woe and had evi
dently driven a long way, Mr. Gerber
invited him into the private office and
asked if he would not take something.
ington Monument. Taking a seat on the Palisades
overlooking the American metropolis, suppose he was
to call upon the nation to supply him with food. He
would need an amount equal to that consumed by the
entire 75,000,000 people. Set his daily supply before
him and see what it would be. ■
On a bread plate half as large as a city block would
rest a loaf of bread 300 feet long and half as tall.
Beside it would stand a pie large around as a gas
holder. From a saucer the sine of a ferryboat he
would sip his oatmeal with a spoon whose bowl could
hold a trolley car. A smoking piece of beefsteak
would be twenty-five feet thick and extend over an
area equal to ten city lots; a covered dish contains
three mammoth white -^tatoes and a sweet potato
each 100 feet long. His pat of butter would measure
a hundred feet in diameter. By his side is a glass of
milk as large as a water service tower, an egg 100
feet long, an apple of equal height and a 600-foot cube
of sugar making up most of the day's food.
But the giant does not forget to ask for drink.
Besides two or three glasses of water, each the height
of a modern office building, he drinks half the beer
from a bottle which towers above the "World building,
takes a sip of wine and two (giant) fingers of whisky.
A mammoth cup of coffee and another nearly as large
of tea are disposed of during the day. Yet all this
food and drink represents only the quantities of these
articles that disappear down the throats of the Ameri
can people every twenty-four hours.
Copyright, 1898. GEORGE B. WAL.DRON.
For. although Mr. Gerber is not given
to the cup, yet he always has a little
choice XXX on hand for emergencies.
After the farmer had taken three fln
«£; £ asked the price for attendance
and niarsf* Mr. Gerber^ told him so
much. Then for embalming, and a
eoodly cash figure was named, for
which Mr. Gerber said he would fur-
n The 3ne.lhe'hSmer3 n e . l he' h Smer took, three fingers
more and sat dazed with sorrow "ke
Cadence sitting on a monument smil
i2 Afte tt r b leveral moments had passed
tht undeHake a r broke the silence by
asking "Who is the er-the deceased?
"The" which?" asked the farmer
"The person who is dead— who is it?
• "Why no one is dead that I know
° "But you wanted a coffin, you said?"
"Coffin! -I don't want no coffin.
And, anyway, didn't you agree to fur
nish everything?"
The farmer was duly kicked down the
steps. — The Philistine.
■ ♦'■
The woman of the hour is the one
who says she'll be ready in a minute.
2122
QUEER FISH
OF CALIFORNIA
.
The Waters of This Coast Produce a Greater Variety
of .Marine Life Than Kny Other Region
in the World.
EXPERTS of the United States
Fish Commission have been
making a special study of Cali
fornia fisheries, which has re
sulted in assembling some very
remarkable facts. Leaving fishes
entirely out of the question,, the neigh
borhood of San Francisco produces a
greater variety of valuable marine and
fresh water animals than can be
found in any other region of the world.
The Government investigators declare
that the quantity of fishery products
WHILE the male Tagallo presents to the artistic eye
many opportunities for the study of color he shines
more by his incongruity than otherwise. It is the
height of his ambition to dress like the white man and he
is proud, 'ndeed, if he may strut the street with a "derby"
hat on his head. Next to carrying a gun this is his great
est pleasure. Among the many wild tribes of the Philip
pines the Morro are the fiercest and through the kindness
drawn annually from Ban Francisco
Bay and its tributary bays and streams
Is unparalleled, though the full re
sources of the waters are by no means
developed or utilized to the practicable
extent. This enormous productiveness
is due largely to the uniform tempera
ture of the water of the bay and to
other circumstances which are very fa
vorable to aquatic life.
Many branches of the fishing indus
try on this coast possess a very pic
turesque interest, inasmuch as they are
practically unknown elsewhere. One Of
these is the squid fishery. Monterey
County alone furnishes 350,000 pounds
of dried squid per annum. They are
caught by the Chinese and cured for
export. No salt is used, the squid be
ing dried in the sun, packed in bundles
and covered with matting, each pack
age containing 135 pounds. In this
shape they are sent to San Francisco,
whence the bulk of them are forwarded
to the Hawaiian Islands and to China.
Most native Americans would have a
horror of such a diet, but the Chinese
regard squid as a great delicacy, and
so likewise do many foreigners. That
the Chinese consider the octopus, a
nearly related animal, excellent for eat
ing is sufficiently well known. The oc
topus fishery of California, conducted
likewise by the Chinese, is of no small
importance. The method of prepara
tion for export is similar to that adopt
ed in the case of the squid.
The shrimp fishery of California is
equally unique in its way, immense
quantities of these little and toothsome
crustaceans being obtained from San
Francisco Bay and adjacent waters.
The numbers of the animals taken may
be judged by the fact that more than
five million pounds of them are pre
pared for market in this State annuaJly.
The industry is in the hands of the Chi
nese. The bulk of them are dried and
shipped to China. They are taken
ashore as soon as caught, and are
boiled in big iron vats. ' After ten min
utes in boiling water they are taken
out and spread on the ground, where
they are permitted to dry in the sun
for five or six days. Some of the
"shrimp yards" used for this purpose
cover many acres. During the drying
process the shrimps are turned at in
tervals with queer looking brooms
shaped somewhat like hoes. When per
fectly dry they are crushed by being
trodden upon by Chinamen in wooden
shoes. This loosens the "meats" from
the shells, which are removed by shak
ing them in baskets or by passing the
shrimps through rude fanning mills.
Both meats and shells are packed in
packs for export to China, where the
meats are sold for food and the shells
AN UNCONQUERED MORRO CHIEFTAIN.
Sketched by a Special Artist of the Sunday Call.
are disposed of as a fertilizer for tea
plants and rice.
The experts of the Government Fish
Commission reckon the product of the
California crab fishery at nearly 3,000,
000 pounds annually. The so-called
"blue" or "Chesapeake" crab, which is
the edible species par excellence along
the Atlantic seaboard, is unknown on
the Pacific Coast. Its place on these
shores is taken by a species not at all
nearly related, which is termed in scien
titic phraseology as the "Cancer magis
tir." This is the common crab of San
Francisco Bay and of the Pacific — the
largest of the edible species on this
coast, and the only one commonly eaten
in this city. It ranges all the way from
Sitka to Magdalena Bay in Lower Cali
fornia. San Francisco Bay fairly
swarms with these crabs. They are
caught with nets, baited with fish and
offal. Nothing is known about their
breeding habits, strange to say. and no
female bearing spawn has ever been
seen by a naturalist.
There is another species of crab,
very abundant in the bays of San
Francisco and Monterey, which would
be considered valuable for food if the
species just described should ever be
come scarce. It Is the so-called "red
ciub," and frequents the rocky shal
lows. The "yellow shore crab" and the
"purple «hore crab" are found in enor
mous numbers all along the California
coast, but are eaten only by the Chi
nese. Their bodies are nearly square,
and their claws large for the size of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
animal. Hundreds of them are some
times seen together under a single big
stone.
One of the most picturesque of Cali
fornia fisheries is that of the abalone.
These beautiful 'ingle-shelled mollusks
are found along rocky shores at low
tide, clinging to rocks above the water
line. Each shell is slightly lifted, so
that the fisherman is able to thrust a
stick under it and pry it off, but if the
animal is alarmed it shuts down its
valve upon a rock, to which it clings
with such tenacity by means of its
huge adductor muscle that it can only
be removed by breaking it in pieces.
The meats taken from the shells are
boiled on shore in sheet iron vats. Both
shells and meats are packed in sacks
an-l forwarded to San Francisco,
whence most of the meats are exported
to China. The shells are shipped to
France, being highly valued for their
exquisite mother-of-pearl. This fishery
yields about 400,000 pounds of meats
and shells per annum.
The spiny lobster of the Pacific is
rated by epicures as inferior to the true
lobster of the Atlantic Coast, its meat
being coarser and less tender. Never
theless the fishery for this animal in
California is of considerable import
ance, yielding more than 300,000 pounds
annually. The spiny lobster is the most
Important of the invertebrate products
of the San Diego County fisheries. It
is taken in pots and drop-nets, baited
with fish or meat. South of Santa Bar
bara County it is extremely abundant.
Several counties, with a view of pre
serving the species from extermination,
have already adopted ordinances de
claring that no spiny lobsters are to be
caught between May 15 and July 15,
and inflicting a penalty upon anybody
who takes or has in his possession at
any time a specimen less In weight than
one pound. By the former of these pro
visions protection is furnished during
the period when the eggs are being car
ried by the female and up to the date
when they reach maturity and are
hatched. The eggs are of a brilliant
brickdust red color, and are much
smaller than the eggs of the true lob
ster. Spiny lobsters are shipped to the
San Francisco market in sacks. This
interesting animal is more active and
seemingly more intelligent than the
true lobster. It moves through the
water with greater speed and quite
commonly it escapes from the lobster
pot after eating the bait.
The time may yet arrive when the
true lobster will be present in such
numbers on the California coast as to
make a profitable fishery. Unfortu
nately up to date no success whatever
has attended repeated efforts to intro
duce it on this side of the continent.
The first attempt in this direction was
made in June. 1873, when 162 lobsters
captured in Massachusetts waters were
fetched hither in a fruit car especially
fitted up for the purpose. The car had
a large fresh-water tank, an ice chest,
of Senor Alexandrino, a lieutenant on General Aguinaldo'g
staff, I was enabled to obtain a picture of Ilocomah, a
mountain chieftain, whose clan owes allegiance to none.
This tribe is in marked contrast to the Tagallo in that
they have imitated the white man in nothing, not even in
the use of firearms, their weapons being the poisoned
spear or arrow. The poison is said to be similar in itß
action to the Persian "Tshwin," In that if an antidote is
administered insanity immediately follows.
and means of carrying an abundance
of salt water. Nevertheless only forty
of the animals were alive when the
train reached Omaha and shortly after
leaving that point the car and its con
tents were precipitated into the Elk
horn River by a smash-up.
The second trial was made in June.
1874, 150 lobsters, all adult fe
males bearing eggs, being shipped
from Boston. They were packed
with sponges, which were wetted
from time to time with salt water.
Only four of them reached here
alive, and they were put into the sea
at Oakland wharf, in San Francisco
Bay. The third attempt was made in
June, 1879. Twenty-two females carry
ing ep"-s nearly ready to hatch con
stituted the shipment. One died en
route; the rest were taken from ihe
Oakland wharf to the Bonito light
house, under the shadow of which they
were put into the sea, in a sheltered
bay. They brought with them over a
million eggs read to hatch. The fourth
attempt was made in June, 1888. By
this time the business was better un
derstood, and the lobsters, 610 in num
ber, were packed in trays with wet
rockweed. Also 196 loose egars were
brought along on cloth-bottomed trays.
Three-hundred and thirty-two of the
lobsters arrived in «*ood condition, with
75 per cent of the eggs. The bulk of the
consignment was planted in the vicin
ity of Monterey. The Albatross took
thirty of the lobsters aboard and plant
ed them near the -Trinidad lighthouse.
The loose eggs were put in hatching
boxes, and 140,000 baby lobsters ob
tained from them were planted in Mon
terey and San i.< rancisco bays. Of this
number, however, San Francisco only
got 2000.
The fifth and last trial wan made in
ISB9, when 710 lobsters were carried in
crates with rockweed to the coasts of
Oregon and Washington over the
Northern Pacific road. Out of the num
ber 233 survived, and these were plant
ed in five different localities. The to
tal number of Eastern lobsters planted
in Pacific waters was 590, of which 357
were put into the sea along the shores
of California. The number shipped
was 1658, and the number lost 1068. On
the return eastward from the fourth
trip the Fish Commission people took
300 of the "Cancer magister" crabs, fif
teen bushels of California clams and
several San Francisco terrapin, for the
purpose of seeing how they would get
along in Atlantic waters. Unluckily
the car was wrecked near Humboldt,
New, and the consignment was lost.
The diamond-backed terrapin, so be
loved by epicures, does not exist on the
Pacific Coast. The Fish Commission
experts say that conditions here are
most promising for its successful intro
duction, the extensive salt marshes
around San Francisco Bay and in other
places furnishing a most suitable habi
tat for the animal. It seems probable
that before long an effort will be made
to transplant this valuable turtle to
the Pacific side. The California terra
pin, known to science as "Chelopus
marmoratus," is the only California
turtle of commercial prominence. It is
by no means so toothsome as the dia
mond-back.
It inhabits rivers and fresh-water
ponds west of the Sierras, ranging from
Monterey to the Canadian border. In
California it is especially abundant,
and in this region it is taken with
baited fyke-nets. About San Francisco
Bay it is very numerous. In this city
1500 dozen are sold annually, at from
$3 to $5 per dozen. The Government
Fish Commission places California's
annual production of terrapin and frogs
at 46,000 pounds. The bullfrog- figures
more conspicuously in the markets of
San Francisco each year, commanding
from ?2 to $4 a dozen.
The fishery for fresh-water crawfish
is comparatively new, and as yet the
utilization of this animal is limited. It |
is found in large numbers in sloughs
or streams.
From the list of queer fisheries ought
not to be omitted the gathering of sea
ni.iss. which is collected by the Chinese
from rocks along the coast. It is dried,
packed in bales, and is exported to
China, where it is used for soups. The
Chinese consider the intestines of the
skate a great delicacy. Skates of one
species on this coast attain a remark
able size, specimens having been caught
six feet in length and weighing 150
pounds.
One product of the sturgeon is used
exclusively by the < 'hinese — namely,
the spinal marrow. In an average
size sturgeon the rpinal cord is four
or five feet long, consisting of long
white connecting links resembling sau
sages. These are cut open, and the Jel
ly-like substance contained within is I
scraped off and thrown away. What I
remains is known by the Chinese and
the trade under the name of "bone."
CELEBRITIES WHO TOOK TIPS.
Visitors at an English country house
are allowed to do whatever they like
during the forenoon. An eminent geol
ogist, who was entertained at one of
these houses, asked for coffee early one
morning and started out with a suit of
old clothes and a bag of tools to make
a special study of the rock ledges of
the estate.
During the forenoon one of the coun
try gentry came upon him by the road
side, and supposing him to be a work
man entered into conversation with
him. The geologist was seated on a
ledge of rock and was making vigor
ous use of mallet and chisel.
The stranger talked with him in a
patronizing way, and, while not receiv
ing an intelligible account of the work
on which he was engaged, was im
pressed with the supposed workman's
intelligence and good manners. In
deed, he fumbled in his pocket and
brought out a half crown, which he
tossed to the man with the mallet. The
geologist seemed surprised, but picked
it up and put it in his pocket after
thanking the gentleman.
There was a dinner party at the coun
try house in the evening and the same
gentleman was introduced to the emi
nent geologist, whe at once began to
laugh.
"I have the half crown," he said at
once, "and I shall not give it up. It is
the first tip I ever received, and I shall
show it to my friends as a trophy of
superior intelligence."
Lord James once had a similar expe
THE Calle Alex is the street that stretches on out into the splendid road
to the water reservoir at San Juan del Monte and into the hill country
beyond. When the war began the wealthier natives, fearful alike of per
secution by the Spaniards and Aguinaldo's forces, retired into the interior and
the road was littered with carts and palanquins. —
With the declaration of peace began the pilgrimage to the white city by
the sea, and it was truly a beautiful sight to watch palanquin after palanquin
and the bronze figures of their Chinamen bearers — the heavy bamboo cut
It is dried, and, if not sold to Chinese
in this country, is txported to China,
where it is much prized for making
soups.
California's soft clam fishery is of
great importance, no less than 2,000,000
pounds of those mollusks being taken
annually. It is believed that they were
brought originally with oyster seed
from the Atlantic coast. Here they
have taken hold in a way which might
have been imitated to advantage by
the eastern oysters, and already they
have secured a wide distribution. In
deed, these waters evidently are par
ticularly well adapted to them, and
there is no lack of sand and mud for
their accomodation. They afford a
nutritious food, and it is to be expected
that the fishery for them will steadily
grow.
They can actually be cultivated to
great advantage, as has been proved
by trials on the shores of New England,
where a single acre of well tilled mud
bank Is worth $1000. Under conditions
of culture the clams attain a more uni
form size and bring a higher price in
the market. They grow so thick as
literally to stand shoulder to shoulder,
feeding themselves, requiring no fer
tilizer, and yielding an annual interest
as high and certain as any real estate.
RENE BACHE.
Unconquered Morro in Native Cos
tume and Primitive Weapons.
rience. He was strolling through the
Temple Gardens In London when a
party of tourists encountered him and
asked to be directed to some of the
most interesting places.
He volunteered to show them about,
and took them first to the TemDle
Church and Goldsmith's grave, and
finally to the famous Elizabethan hall
of the Middle Temple. His explana
tions were lucid and interesting, and
when lie parted from his new acquaint
ances one of them gave him a schil
ling, and remarked that few guides
were equally Intelligent. The nobleman
took the shilling demurely and thanked
the stranger. He is saia to have kept
it to this day, and to have frequently
told the Btory of his experience with
the innocent tourists in the TemDle
Gardens.
Another story is related of an Eng
lish Duke who was standing at the
door of his house when a carriage rolled
up. A near-sighted gentleman alighted,
asked if it wire the Duke's residence.
and on receiving a respectful nod from
the supposed servant gave him a shil
ling.
The Duke, perceiving that he had
been mistaken for a footman, keut the
phillinr- raised his hand to his fore
head and made the usual salute. The
near-sighted gentleman went into the
house, and in due time was presented
to the Duke, and never had a suspicion
that he had tipped one of the highest
members of the British aristocracy at
his own door.
The Duke could hardly have offered a
more striking proof that he was a gen
tleman by instinct as well as by birth
than by pocketing the unintentional af
front to his dignity.
ON THE COLLE ALEX, SAMPALOC, MANILA.
Sketched by a Special Artist of the Sunday Call.
RELIGION IS
AN EXACT SCIENCE
So Says Bpamaeljapin, tfoe Famous .Hindoo Student and
Teacher, .Now on a Visit to Tftis
City.
THE Brahmacharin Chatterji, after spending nearly
eighteen months in England and on the continent
prosecuting his work of elucidating and illustrating
such tenets of theosophy as seem mysterious to those less
advanced than himself, is once again making a brief visit
to San Francisco.
During the past week he has been the center of crowds
of eager seekers after knowledge and he has impressed by
hts personality even those whom he has not convinced by
his arguments. Though he modestly styles himself a
"Brahmacharin"— a student— his command of English, his
high education, wide range of reading and thorough ac
quaintance with his subject, combined with a natural gift
of unusual eloquence, make him well worthy the title of
teacher.
MY mission is not to proselytize
persons, but simply to give
them reasons and scientific
bases for the beliefs that they
already have, and to sho-w them
what about those beliefs is the
truth and what is but the corruption
gathered there in later ages. A Chris
tian who studies theosophy as it should
be studied becomes a far better and
more rational Christian than before,
because he no longer possesses simply
blind faith, but has co-gent reasons for
things which he formerly had to accept
on trust, or reject because he was ig
norant of their real meaning.
I try to show indisputably that reli
gion is a positive and exact science, and
that its truths are verifiable right here
on this earth. It is possible to know
with certainty and precision many
truths which people have in the past
taken on faith alo-ne, such as the per
sistence of the individual after death,
and the condition in which it persists,
and so on. Knowing these things my
self I wish others to know them, and
to that end I talk and travel.
I am often asked if theosophy is not
a form of eclecticism. Most assuredly
it is net. Theosophy enunciates a truth
first on Its own basis, then says: "This
truth is to be found in such and such
other religions." It has everything in
itself and recognizes all that is good
and true elsewhere. It agrees wiih
Buddhism, Parseeism, Mohammedan
ism, Christianity and all other religions
Just so for as they deal with the truth.
Theosophy is rich to overllo-wing, but
eclecticism, on the contrary, is a beg
gar, going about collecting from other
religions what it has not been able to
earn for itself.
One thing I notice particularly in this
country, and that is that so many seem
to think mere opinions are of so much
importance. "What do you think?" I
am asked, "What is your opinion con
cerning so and so?" Now my opinio-n,
or the opinion of any man, is of no
weight whatever, and such a query
should never be made. If you wish to
learn a certain thing go to one who
kno-ws the truth about it and. ask him
for that truth; then meditate upon
what you are told, try to think it out
for yourself and understand it, and thus
you will truly learn and be benefited.
The mere speculations of humanity
benefit no one.
I find many persons who express sur
prise that I believe in magic. Such
persons have nut yet mastered the
foundation truth that thoughts are
things. The mighty power of concen
trated thought is something understood ;
by few. It is possible to create living j
forms by this power; it is possible also :
to deal death to living creatures. There j
are persons who are advanced enough j
in knowledge to do these things. There j
are persons who are able to wield the
subtle powers of nature, which sur
round us on every side, as they will.
Such persons are magicians and their
power is magic. If exercised for the
good of the world it is white magic, if
for selfish ends it is black magic, but
magic it is in either case, and no one
who has studied the subject can hon
estly deny its existence. Hypnotism —
the dominating of one mind by another j
—is a form of black magic, for no one i
spiritually advanced would for a mo- i
ment even try to dominate another's j
will, and much of evil is done in this j
way. The responsibility for wrong acts
performed under the control of evil spir
its or the will of another is in propor
ting into their shoulders with the jog and "the squeak that foretells their com
ing, the blood red streak of perspiration In the bronze.
Then came the brightly dressed Tagallo, Mestigo or Pampango woman lazi
ly puffing her cigarette, followed by the white draped figure of the man, also
smoking and lolling to the soft motion of the bearers' dog trot. I have seen
seven women of varying ages followed in this way by the lord For you must
know that when a man marries in the Philippines he may never forsake his
own or his wife's sisters, cousins or aunts, and their male and female ances
tors, and progeny, and the Tagallo is prolific. PIERRE N. BOERINGER.
tion to the readiness with which one's
own will was given up.
The problem of death seems to be
especially interesting to those who talk
with me. In order to understand it,
we must first try to understand some
thing of the problem of life — that is,
learn of what man, as we know him,
consists. There are many parts to
every man. First the physical, which
i is divided into the gross and subtle, or
I etheric; next the astral, which is the
, sensational or emotional; then the
j mental, which is divided into the in
. tuitive and intellective; and finally the
: spiritual; all of these being apart
! the real self, which is the witness of ail
' the changes which take place in th--s»j
i different parts of man.
Death is simply the pulling out of the
! etheric part from the gross, leaving
] ihe gross part subject to decomposi
i tion. After the separation, the etheric
i part, to those who can clearly »cc it,
! looks like the physical. It is what
people commonly call the "ghost" of
! the dead person. It ordinarily hovers
| over the dead person or the grave
| where he lies, and many persons who
I are not able to distinguish its individ-
I uality see it in the form of a bluish
j light, which disappears when decom-
I position is complete. The astral part
is left behind in what we call purga
; tory, where it gradually disintegrates,
' and the intellective mind goes to pjecea
!in the lower heaven. After this the
| man begins to get into a condition to
be born again— reincarnated, as we say.
I The plane of this reincarnation de
| pends entirely upon himself.
Much has been excused among men
ion the score of heredity. We say. "He
! cannot help sinning, because his father
i or grandfather or some of his ancestors
I did so before him."
This is foolish. We are given our
I bodies in a measure by our ancestors;
! but had he who is to inhabit that body
been without sin in his past existence,
or had he even lived above the plane of
j that body's ancestors, he would have
'■ been permitted to come back to one
i free from disease, mental or physical.
: Heredity is no excuse, for we come
' back to this life to just the surroundins
| to which we are entitled.
It is possible for a person to grow so
wise that he can decide the question of
reincarnation for himself. If he wills
to come back, he may do so; and if he
prefers to remain outside this realm he
can. Such power, however, comes only
when the idea of separativeness is
wholly lost, when one no longer desires
anything for his personal self. Disem
bodied egos are all around us on the
astral plane. Were our eyes open we
could see them constantly; but, seen or
unseen, they are there.
In our reincarnations we have to
work out the penalties for our sins and
mistakes in other existences. We can
go forward or backward as we choose.
Karma and fatalism are two different
things. Nothing happens by chance,
and if we generate certain causes, un
less we can counteract them we must
suffer the results. Sometimes we can
bring to bear on our life lines certain
new laws and forces which will change
things for the better.
A man is entirely under fate only
when absolutely ignorant and devoid of
will power. Freedom is gained by wis
dom alone.
Little Harry — Pa, what's a foregone
conclusion?
Pa — Anything that's sure to follow
something else. To give you an illustra
tion, if I were to lock the drawer of my
desk it wouldn't t twenty minutes be
fore your mother would break it open
for the purpose of finding out what I
was trying to conceal. — Cleveland
Leader."DEAD" LOSS AND RUM
CAUSED THE INDIAN UPRISING.
Queer Customs They .Have in Tbei.p. "Ghost" Dances and
Preparing for tbp Warpath.
WHILE the immediate cause
of the revolt of the Chip
pewa Indians is an effort
to arrest some of the braves
for illicit traffic in whisky,
is a more serious trouble back of
The lands of the Chippewas are
vily timbered, and under the reser
:ion act the Indians have the right
■ sell this timber to white lumbermen,
ibject to the approval of the Indian
unmissioner and his agents. Most of
:he timber is sold on contract, the
ouyer paying in advance, as he cuts it,
a certain percentage of the purchase
price to the resident agent, to be held
in trust for the Indians. This course
is taken to secure honest dealing, and
to make sure that Uncle Sam's red
■wards receive their just dues. For
some years there has been dispute as
to whether what is known as "dead
and-down" timber comes within the
provisions of the act, and it was over
the disposal of this class of trees that
the trouble which led to the Chippewa
var really arose.
"Dead-and-down" timber is a trade
phrase covering logs or trees which are
left in the forests unclaimed. The
■woods of Minnesota are full of them—
trees that have been felled by lightning
or fires, and in some instances by chop
pers and overlooked by the logging
gangs. A large percentage of this tim
ber is just as marketable as the stand
ing trees, and can be got out at far
less cost. Consequently there has been
strong rivalry for its possession. For
a time white men made raids and
helped themselves to the fallen logs,
ignoring the claims of the Indians to
ownership. In this they had the help
of the halfbreeds and squawmen who
hang about the reservations. It was a
profitable practice until partially put
a stop to by a ruling of the Indian
lissioner, who held that the "dead
and-down" timber was a part of the
Chippewas' assets, and could be dis
: of by them the same as standing
timber. This brought more money to
the red man's purse, but it cut off a
Bource of lucrative income from the
halfbreeda and the bad feeling between
the two classes was intensified. The
real Indian hates the halfbreed in this
case because he has reason to believe
the latter has been robbing him, while
the halfbreed is angry over the loss of
his chance to make some easy money.
Uncle Sam is a teetotaler on the
whisky question as far as his Indian
wards are concerned. He forbids, under
. - penalties, the gift or sale to
them of strong drink. Now the aver
age Indian, with one taste of fire water,
will barter all his possessions for more.
Furs, tepee, squaw, anything and
everything he will give for whisky
when once the alcohol is working in his
system. Recently whisky in consider
able quantities has made its appear
ance among the Indians on Bear Is
land. How it got there nobody seen:»
to know, but it is suspected that some
of the cunning halfbreeds could tell if
they wanted to. When an Indian gets
a few drinks he is ready for trouble,
and the whisky sent to Bear Island had
the customary results. Then an order
wfcnt out from the agency to arrest the
diunken Indians and those who were
g the stuff among them. If white
men had been sent to make the arrests
it is probable that they might have
been effected without serious clash;
but, unfortunately, it happened that the
officers selected were two halfbveeds
who are serving as Deputy United
Slates Marshals. These men, so the
Indians assert, were the chief offenders
in the "dead-and-down" timber dls*
pute, and, even after the commission
er V ruling, succeeded in getting a bn»
share of the proceeds from the 3a'e rt
the trees. Their appearance at Bear
Island had an effect similar to that ol
cashing a lighted torch into a powder
magazine.
The Bear Island branch of the Chip
pewas, or Pillagers, as they are cal'ed,
are bad Indians. They live in the ways
of their savage ancestors; wear blank
ets instead of clothes, sleep in tepees,
and subsist by hunting, fishing and
trapping:. There are ten Indian reser
vations in Minnesota, viz.: Grand
Portage, Winnc-bigoshish, Leech Lak»-,,
Chippewa, Cass Lake, Boise Forte,
Deer Creek, White Earth. Red Lake
and Fond dv Lac. The Pillagers belong
to the Leech Lake reservation and have
great influence among the unruly
spirits at the other agencies, especially
those at White Earth, who come next
to the Bear Islanders in love of war
and hatred of the white man. All of
these Indians are of the Chippewa
tribe, a branch of the famous Algon
quin nation. For years they were lords
and masters in the timber regions of
the North, making relentless war on
the Sioux, Cheyennes and other red-
Ekins and driving them to the prairie.>
of the West. Much of this martial
ardor still remains with the Bear Is
land and White Earth Chippewas.
While other bands in Minnesota have
ac civilized and settled down as
tillers of the soil, wearing "store
.-," living in frame houses and
sending their children to school the
Pillagers and White Earth Indians
Bcorn such tangible evidences of ab
criginal decadence. To them the white
man is still a weak stripling, to be
Bwept away, just as their ancestors,
the mighty Algonquins, treated the plo
neers of old.
At the head of the Bear Islanders Is
Chief Bog-a-Meg-Eshig. corrupted into
"Bush Ear," a husky redskin about 40
years of age and chockful of real In
dian deviltry. Bear Island lies in
Leech Lake, about thirty miles north of
this town, and is difficult of access.
When the deputy marshals went there
with warrants for the arrest of Bush
Ear and nine of his followers, the chief
openly defied them. There was then
strong prospects of a row, but the dep
uty marshals wisely retreated, and in
duced some of the friendly Leech Lake
Indiana to go and argue the matter
th their obstinate brethren. As a re
■■? a grand pow-wow, carried on
ad a campflre in regular dime
style, all of the suspects surrend
■xcept Chief Bush kar. The pris
were taken to Duluth, tried in the
• "urt, and sentenced to thirty
rty days in Jail. In the meantime
Kar went on the warpath all by
If. He loaded his rifle, breathed
ro white men and half breeds,
d the turbulent ones in the
• Join him in a foray. Two weeks
as the time for the periodical al
of money among the Chippe-
Bush Ear was on hand with
r.u-- at the agency to re
pay. Marshal O'Connor was
for his coming and had Depu
there with a warrant to ar
b Ear was taken into cus
i ' 'barge of illicit traffic in
is allowed to have a par
' his followers before he was put
ELrshal did not think re
be offered on the agency
"X but that night Bush Ear was
kidnaped by his tribesmen
■ - all went to Bear Island.
■war W he next da >' there was a bl *
a Jk, the old scalps which have
service for generations were
how th! ° U l and dan K'e<3, Bush Ear told
me whites and their halfbreed al
lies wanted to take him away and shoot
him so they might rob the Bear Island
ers at their will, and the performance
was wound up with a war dance. When
an Indian once goes through the evo
lutions of the war dance he must fight,
and that's all there is to it. He may
know that he hasn't a ghost of a chance
to win, but he is going to fight even if
certain death or defeat stares him in
the face. It was so with Bush Ear and
his Pillagers. They had danced the war
dance, and in the excitement the whole
300 of them abandoned themselves to
this pledge.
Word came to the agency that the
Bear Islanders were arming and get
ting ready for a war, and were also
sending out runners to the other reser
vations to induce warriors to join their
ranks. It was at this juncture that
Marshal O'Connor decided that ener
getic steps to put down the revolt must
b« taken. Last Thursday he got Deputy
Marshal Sheehan and a posse and
started for Bear Island under guard of
a detachment of twenty United States
soldiers commanded by Lieutenant
Humphrey. The party stopped at
Walker in order that the Indians might
be given another chance to come into
the agency and submit quietly to Fed
eral authority.
Colonel Tinker, inspector of Indian
agencies, was at Walker and relieved
Agent Sutherland of immediate charge
of the negotiations. Word was at once
sent out, calling the Indians of the
Leech Lake reservation to a council on
Monday noon. Only the agency and
Pine Point Indians attended, those of
Bear Island, Otter Tall Point and Cass
Lake remaining away, and sending an
answer of defiance. An adjournment
was taken until Tuesday, when word
was received from Bush Ear that he
would not surrender and that his peo
ple were determined to fight to the end.
"You may kill us all," he said, "but it
will be in battle." After this Inspector
Tinker and Marshal O'Connor went
alone to a point on the short of Leech
Lake near Bear Island, whore they had
a talk with the unruly Indians which
satisfied them that they could be sub
dued only by a shadow of overpowering
force. Bush Ear was present at the
conference and reiterated his Intention
to fight, declaring that he and his peo
ple might as well die in battle as to be
robbed continually, year after year, by
timber thieves. It was then that Tin
kf-r and O'Connor, after returning to
Walker, wired for more troops and
made the sortie in which, as told in the
telegraphic advices, six soldiers were
killed and eight wounded.
It may seem strange to the residents
of a great city like Chicago that they
should have a real Indian war right
under their very windows, but it is a
fact nevertheless, and while Uncle Sam
Is certain to Win in short order, his
troops will know they have been in a
fight. The Indian district of Minnesota
is only a few hundred miles from Chi
cago but it is a bad country for whito
men to operate in, and Just the kind of
place that timber Indians like the Chip
newas are at home in. If the war
should continue for a week it is proba
ble the White Earth, Otter Tail Point,
Cass Lake and Red Lake Indians would
loin with the hostiles, as they are all
discontented and ready to make trou
ble if there is any show of success. Be
tween them they could muster probably
1200 fighting men. The chances are,
nowevfr that one good fight will take
the conceit out of Bush Ear and his
men provided the troops are not de
feated If the soldiers put up a strong
front and shoot down a few of the tur
bulent warriors, there will be a how
for peace that old Bush Ear cannot
withsSnl He hae made his followers
believe they are invincible, but a few
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER If?, 1898.
well directed bullets would destroy his
prestige as chief and prophet.
• • •
The squaw winter is just passed in
Minnesota now and the Indian summer
is blazing in the crimson maples and
sighing in the golden cotton./oods as
their fluttering leaves drop into the
brown grass. All night long the young
warriors dance around their campfire,
swinging and tossing their weapons.
They have been enchanted by the medi
cine men and anointed. The Indian
fighters know that it means serious
work when the Indians dance their war
dance, for their dances are not "to the
lacivious pleasing of the lute," but are
old religious rites born in the Indian
with his bones and blood.
The oldest women of the village sit
and beat a monotonous sing-song on
the tom-toms ■ nd chant a"n accompani
ment of "Ki-yi-yi-yi," which rises and
falls at regular intervals. The braves,
painted and nearly naked, dance and
they sing their sacretl war song. We
have seen how the "Star-Spangled
Banner" can inspire our troops as they
go into battle; to the Indian, all his
ancestors are calling him; he forgets
his civilization and is a free wild sav
age again as he sings the songs which
the Indians never forget. No one who
does not know the Indian knows how
he is moved by these songs, for he
knows he is an exile in his own land.
He remembers all his wrongs and
swears to be revenged.
With his knees bent and elbows
akimbo one brave begins the dance
and the others join in:
What is this I employ to enchant?
Serpents are my friends.
And in the pause which follows every
brave In the circle prays to his friend,
the serpent, to give his aid.
They call upon the owl, who can see
in the dark; upon the wolf, who never
sleeps; upon the flame, which sweeps
everything before it on the prairie.
The dance goes on and a brave is
filled with the inspiration of war and
then another and another and they
leave off their prayers for aid because
they believe the aid has oeen granted
and with the blood-curdling shouts
which old settlers in Minnesota remem
ber they dance in wider circles, stamp
ing out their campflre preparatory to
beginning the fight, and chant in their
own language:
I wish for the speed of a bird, to pounce
on the enemy.
I look to the morning star to guide my
steps,
I devote my body to battle;
I take courage from the flight of eagles.
I am willing to be numbered with the
slain,
For even then my name shall be repeated
with praise.
• • •
As a child I went to sleep at night
with the stories of my old Chippewa
Indian nurse. She was a full-blooded
squaw who had married a French Ca
nadian who came on snowshoes across
the country from Canada. He had be
come very rich selling the furs which
his relations with the Indians through
his wife made easy of access to him.
He had brought back later a white
woman who was his wife. The Indian
woman said little. It was the usual
story. She had no redress and knew it.
One day the white wife, with her lit
tle boy, was sitting in her carriage
waiting before a store on Third street.
An Indian woman she had never seen
before was sitting on the sidewalk dis
playing her stock of moccasins and
beaded pincushions and watchcases,
which she had made to sell.
The squaw on the sidewalk watched
the white woman in the carriage, and
when the man who had taken her order
went back into the store the squaw
threw herself upon the white woman,
and before she could be dragged away
had beaten her into insensibility. There
was no recourse to the courts for big
amy, so the Indian woman took her
revenge and all St. Paul smiled and
the Indian woman was never punished.
She was a faithful nurse, however,
and we children loved her well and
loved her stories, too. She told us the
story of Hiawatha, though she had
never read Longfellow, for Hiawatha
was of the tribe of Indians who are
fighting now.
Old Betz was another squaw known
to every old settler, and sitting before
the fire on long winter nights roasting
apples on a shovel at the open fire
while the snow was beating against
the windows, I have heard my father
tell why she is always welcome when
she comes to the back door and says
she has come to stay a few days.
It all happened during the Civil War,
when most of the men had already
joined Colonel George to make up the
Second Minnesota at Fort Snelling, so
that few but women and children were
left at home. It was the old story of
Indian agents, who kept the rations
sent out for the Indians by the Govern
ment and sold nine-tenths of it to the
traders, who bargained it back to the
Indians in exchange for the furs they
should have paid for in cash.
The Government promised when it
took away the Indians' hunting and
fishing grounds, to give them annual
supplies if the Indians would stay on
the reservations, but the Great Father,
as they called the President, broke
every promise, and at last the Indians
rebelled and began to burn the homes
of the settlers and kill them.
People came in from New Ulm and
from Mankato to St. Paul. They were
afraid of the Indians, and well they
might be. Outside of Shakopee, a lit
tle town between Mankato and St.
Paul, lived Mrs. Alice Wilson. Her
husband had gone to the war, and she
was left alone on her farm with five
children, the eldest 13 years of age. She
made butter and sold it in the city. One
night the cows, after they had been
milked, refused to leave the calves and
go into a separate shed, but ran about
lowing and trying to entice away the
calves.
"Let them stay together," Mrs. Wil
son said. No one said "Indians," but
every one of the children thought it.
They were alone and live miles from
the nearest neighbor. A great fire was
built and after supper the little ones
were not undressed and put to bed as
usual, but huddled at their mother's
feet on the skins before the fire as she
sat and rocked the youngest. One lit
tle head after another drooped and
when all the watchful little eyes were
closed Mrs. Wilson laid the baby down
with the others.
Then she looked at the hammer and
lock of her gun and cleaned it care
fully. Next she melted her spoons
and molded them into bullets, quickly
dropping them into a pan of snow.
Next she took up a loose board in the
floor and took out four powder horns
and strung them over her shoulder. It
was very late and she knew that with
the first dawn if the Indians were near
she would have to fight while they
danced around her burning outhouses.
She sat down before the fire again to
get a little sleep to keep her strength
up when she heard a tapping at the
closed shutters; there were no windows
in the log house.
She was afraid to open them, but
called, "Who is it?"
"Sh-sh — open him."
She knew it was a squaw, but fearing
she came with the braves Mrs. Wilson,
with her gun, opened the door and
looked out. No one was in sight and
when the light from her flre cast a re
flection on the darkness a figure crept
stealthily around the corner of the
house.
"Sh-sh. I Betz— ole Betz."
And it was "Old Betz." She told
Mrs. Wilson that the Indians were mur
dering the settlers and burning the
houses, but that she would have time
to escape as they were coming from
the north and all in one band.
Bundling up the children wakened
from their sleep Old Betz carried one
on her back and Mrs. Wilson carried
the baby while the rest walked the five
miles to the next neighbors.
And so Old Betz went from one house
to another warning the settlers to fly
and telling them which way to go.
Old Betz died when I was a little girl,
but I remember her funeral well and
how the men and women she saved that
night when hundreds of settlers were
massacred vied with one another to
show their respect.
Then General Slbley, Colonel Sibley
then, raised an army of old men and
young boys and drove the Indians back
to their reservation and brought back
prisoners, and thirty-nine were hanged
at one time in Mankato.
Bishop Whipple was among the In
dians then and tried to reason with
them, but it was not easy for him to
Continued on Page Thirty-two,
THOUSANDS PERISHED
FOR THIS $4,000,000 DIAMOND.
Was a Famous Tribe "Talisman" in JJfriea Till It Fell Into
the .Hands of Oom Paul K,ruger. Wljo Gave It to the Pope.
Pope Leo XIII has in his collection of
gems a diamond valued at $4,000,000, given
to him by President Krueger of the South
African Republic— Pxess dispatch from
Rome, Aug-ust 28.
THE history of the valuable stone
which now rests within the
sacred confines of the Vatican at
Rome is written in the blood of
thousands of human beines. It
is a record of tribal warfare, cruelty,
heroism and savage witchcraft unsur
passed in the annals of modern times.
Nations have gone to war for the pos
session of the stone, and entire tribes
have been annihilated while trying to
protect It. The history of the famous
Kohinoor is commonplace when com
pared with that of the unnamed dia
mond that Is the pride of the Pope's
collection.
Only one person In South Africa
! knows the story connected with the
! dlumond before It fell into the hands
i of "Oom Paul" Krueger, the grand old
I man of the Transvaal republic. Not
i even Krueger knows anything: of the
; antecedents of the gift he made to the
! head of the Catholic church. And still
more astonishing is the fact that not
more than two or three of Krueeer's
intimate friends knew until recently
that he had ever such a valuable stone
in his possession. What object Krue
ger had in giving the diamond to the
Pope, whose emissaries had always
j been treated with scant courtesy in the
i Boer country, is a matter of great his-
tory.
The one person who can give the his
tory of the Pope's diamond lived a year
ago at a place in the Orange Free
State named Driekonjes. It is fifteen
miles west of Kroonstad. a town on the
railway which connects the sold fields
of Johannesburg with Cape Town.
Driekopjes has but a few buildings, and
these are occupied by Boer farmers and
diamond diggers. It is in the midst of
a level plain whose sunbaked earth
yields great quantities of small dia
monds to those who have the patience
to dig for them. During nine months
of the year the plain is an unendinsr
stretch of brown, dead grass, over
which the heat of the sun and the dust
bearing wind storms are twin rulers.
When the rainy season comes the
plains' desolate appearance is changed
into that of a vast garden of velvety
green grass extending as far as the eye
can read.
It is in that out-of-the-way place that
James Mallon, Charles F. G. Bishop and
John Fitzgerald, diamond "dry dig
gers," graduated from the Klmberley
fields, have been trying for four years
to find the diamond-bearing vein that
would make millionaires of all of them.
The "spruits," or creeks, yield enough
small diamonds to keep the men going
while they prospect for the "big
packet" that they believe exists in the
neighborhood.
The writer met Mailon, Bishop and
Fitzgerald in Johannesburg nine months
ago, and was Invited by them to visit
1 their "diamond farm," as they call it.
"You have seen 'Oom Paul' and the
rest of our celebrities down here," they
said, "and if you come to crur farm we
will show you the most interesting nig
ger in South Africa."
His name, is Memela, and although
he has lived almost eighty years his
mind is as active as when he was a
Kehla, or head man. of a Zulu tribe,
exactly sixty years ago. The life in the
! open has preserved his vigor . and
| strength to a remarkable degree, and
| of all the negro employes on the farm
none is more agile than he in operating
the diamond-washing machine or the
sieves of the dry sorters.
Subsequent events have proved that
Meraela's story was not one of those
Zulu leerends that are so common in
South Africa. The announcement from
Rome has proved that Krueger had the
diamond at one time, even though he
made the evasive yet truthful reply
last November.
Memela was averse to talking in the
presence of strangers, but the gift of a
few coins and several packages of
cigarettes, of which he, like all Afri
cans, is very fond, caused him to be
come mare talkative.
"Nkosi" (master), he replied, "it is a
tale of many words." And indeed it
was a "tale of many words," for the old
man consumed eighteen hours in relat
ing it. Deprived of many of its minor
yet interesting details, and with the
addition of dates of which he was ig
norant, Memela's story is given as he
recited it.
In the opening years of this century
the King of the Zulu nation was Chaka.
Local history calls him the Napoleon of
South Africa. His subjects were as nu
merous as the palms in the coast land
which he occupied, and his well-trained
army of warriors was as invincible as
the waves of the ocean that washed the
shores of his country. Memela's father
was erne of Chaka's head men, and this
honorable office descended to the son
when the old man died.
About 1820 Chaka sent a large body
of hia warriors with peace offerings of
many cattle to Moshesh. the King of the
Basuto nation, which dwelt 300 miles to
the westward. The object of the expe
dition was to form a coalition between
the Basutos and the Zulus for the pur
pose of exterminating the Pondo tribe,
which in some way had aroused the en
mity of Chaka.
King Moshesh, being poor in cattle,
was unable to make reciprocal peace
offerings of that nature, but fulfilled
the obligation imposed by native cus
tom in a more striking way. He sent
to Chaka the greatest gift that one
King could make to another— the royal
talisman. That talisman is the dia
mond referred to in the dispatch quoted
at the head of this article.
The return of this expedition forms
one of Memela's earliest recollections,
he having been about eight years old
at that time. The story of the acqui
sition of the diamond was told to him
by his father, who accompanied Din
gaan and was one of that leader's
council. . .
"When Dingaan returned to Dugaza,
Chaka's capital, near the Umyoti
River, the King became very angry be
cause of the failure of the expedition,
and the reported refusal of Moshesh to
send a peace offering of cattle.
After the fruitless expedition to Mo
shesh's country Chaka sent out his
hordes of warriors to conquer the land
to the west of Zululand. It is esti
mated that in his wars of extermination
he killed a million blacks and held the
power of life and death over tribes oc
cupying- 200.000 square miles of terri
tory. So absolute was Chaka's power,
and so desnotic and tyrannical was ha
in his dealinfs with his chieftains, that
they wearied of his rule nnd became
terrified by his bloodthirstiness.
Dingaan originated the plot for the
assassination of his brother, and re
ceived the assistance of all but one of
Chaka's ill-treated wives in carrying it
out successfully.
Dingaan was ignorant of the intrinsic
value of the talisman which he wore
suspended from his neck until 1830.
At the close of the year 1837 Piet
Reitief and a large party of Boers, with
thirty slaves, crossed the Draaksberg
into the territory of Dingaan, for the
purpose of establishing a colony. In
this party were Paul Krueger, then
about 12 years old, and his parents.
Reitief applied to Dingaan for a grant
of territory, which was promised on
condition that they should recover for
him some cattle stolen from the King:
by a neighboring tribe.
Then began the war between tha
whites and the blacks, which cost the
lives of more than 600 Boers, who had
flocked together from Cape Colony and
what is now the Orange Free State to
avenge the death of Reitief and his
comrades.
On December 16. 1838, Commandant
Pretorius, who afterward became first
President of the South African Repub
lic, with 460 mounted Boers, encoun
tered Dingaan's army of 12.000 strong on
the banks of the Umhlatoozi River, and
in a fierce encounter routed the Zulus,
who left 3000 dead on the field. Dingaan.
led his defeated army into the moun
tainous region of Zululand. where hi 3
power was further weakened by the de
sertion of his younger brother, T~m
panda, and 4000 of his best warriors.
Umpanda made peace with his former
enemies, the Boers, and, uniting hi 3
forces with those of Pretorius, signally
defeated Dingaan.
The Boer commandant declared Um
panda chief of the Zulus after extract-
Ing from him a fee of 36,000 oxen for the
assistance given him in deposing Din
gaan. Dingaan's assassination took
place before he could realize his ambi
tion of defeating his brother in battle.
The youngest of his sixteen wives be
came enraged when he showed a prefer
ence for an older wife, and thrust an
npsaerai through hi? hpart.
Memela, being the lawful successor to
the Kins, took the talisman from the
neck of the dead Dingßan and strr>fi?Vit
way set out to find Umpanda. hoping
that that chief would appoint him
headman of one of his tribes.
Distinctly remembering the efforts of
the two prospectors to obtain the talis
man when it was the. property of his
king, he had taken the precaution to
hide it under the skins that hunt?
around his hips, and consequently
feared no harm from the. Boers on its
account. The Boers provided all the
food that the starving Memela could
eat and then compelled him to assist in
driving the cattle.
Thereafter Memela, the former head
man of the mighty Zulu nation, was
the slave of the despised white men.
When the Boer trekkers finally reached
a fertile spot a short distance beyond
the mountains they determined to settle
there.
Thus they lived for several years un
til they felt strong and numerous
enough to establish a government. This
was done without .the knowledge of
Great Britain, which claimed sover
eignty over the land.
During that period Memela and
young Kruegi.r became very friendly
with one another, and the negro's
wound was thoroughly healed. He
begged for permission to return to his
people in Zululand, and when the re
quest was refused he deserted the cat
tle he was guarding against a nieht
attack and started without provisions
or water on the four hundred mile
journey to Zululand.
He was overtaken before he had gone
a half day's Journey and was subjected
to most inhuman punishment by the re
vengeful Boers. For days he was com
pelled to perform the work of an ox
in one of the transport wagons. The
yoke was placed around his neck, and
whenever the ox at his side drew hard
er on the yoke than Memela the driver
cut open the negro's bare back with the
lash of a long rawhide whip.
This torturous punishment was con
tinued for four days, until Memela
dropped to the ground from exhaustion.
To hasten the healing of the wounds
on the negro's back and on the shoul
ders where the yoke had worn into the
flesh the Boers applied large quantities
of salt, which increased the pain a
hundredfold. Being unable to move,
much less capable of walking. Memela
was bound by his wrists and ankles to
the axles of one of the wagons.
The party had by that time crossed
the Vaal River into the country ruled
over by Moselikatse, an old Zulu war
rior who was driven northward by the
bloodthirsty Chaka.
Young Krueger, more kind hearted
than the others, secretly volunteered to
assist Memela to escape. The two went
to the river, a half day's journey dis
tant, with the avowed intention of
shooting the bucks and deer that con
gregated at the licks.
When they reached the river the fu
ture President of the Boer republic
gave to the negro a large gun and all
the provisions that he carried, and bade
him follow the course of the stream
by night and hide in the caverns by
day in order that pursuing partien
might not recapture him. Memela's
Joy was unbounded, and to show his
gratitude to his savior he took from
his groin skins the diamond talisman,
and gave it to Krueger.
The two separated, Krueger to return
to his people and assist several years
afterward In driving Moselikatse out of
the country into Matabeleland, and
Memela to reach a point near the riv
er's course, where he found a small
tribe of peaceful natives, who wel
comed him in their kraal. There he has
since lived, and there less than a year
ago he showed the purple stripes of the
driver's lash, and the indelible scars on
his shoulders, ankles and wrists.
Forty years have passed since the
diamond left Memela's hands, but ha
has forgotten little that he knew con
cerning it. According to his descrip
tion of it, the stone was so large that
he could barely encircle it With his
thumbs and forefingers. It was whiter
than any of the small diamonds that
the three diggers had ever found on
the Driekopjes farm, and consequently
must have been of remarkable bril
liancy, as the Vaal River stones are of
the finest quality mined in South
Africa. It was an octahedron in shape
and had no apparent blemishes.
Memela has become familiar with
diamonds since he has worked for MaJ
lon, Bishop and Fitzgerald, and as he
had the famous talisman in his posses
sion for many years its distinguishing
characteristics naturally became indel
ibly Impressed upon his mind, so that
he is able to give a good description
of It.
2324
r\ •■: . c stout gencierrjan, "and hold up your har)ds."
MY friend, Mr. Ledbetter, is a
. round-faced Uttle man,
whose natural mildness of eye in
gigantically exaggerated when
itch thf beam through his
md whose deep, delib
erate voice irritates irritable people. His
conversation is copious, and tciwn much
to needless detail. By many, indeed, his
Intercourse Is condemned, to put it plain
ly, as "boring," and such have even done
me the compliment to wonder why 1 coun
tenance him. But, on the other hand,
is a large faction who marv> 1 at
his countenancing 1 such a d'sh^veled. dis
creditable acquaintance as myself. Few
appear to regard our friendship with
equanimity. Tviu that is because they do
not know of the link that biiids us, of my
amiable connection via Jamaica with Mr.
Ledbetter's past.
About that past ho displays an anxious
modesty. "I do not know what I should
do if it became known," he says, and re
peats in:pr<:Hsi\Hiy. As a matter of fact
I doubt if he would do anything except
get very red about the ears.
The beginning o» this story goes a long
•way back; indeed it is now nearly twenty
years since Fate, by a acrlca of compli
cated and startling maneuvers, brought
Mr. Ledbetter, so to speak, into my
hands.
In those days I was living in Jamaica
and Mr. Ledbetter was a schooln.
in England. He was, of course, dishev
eled when 1 saw him, and his collar less
of a collar than a wet bandage, and that
may have helped to bridge the natural
ween us.
The business began at Hithergate-on-
Sea., and simultaneously with Mr. .
s sumn>-r vacation. Thither he
came : I rest. He was
naturally Exhilarated at his release from
school, for he was not very fond of the
boys he taught. Aft»-r dinner he fell into
a discussion with a talkative person es
tablish- . d in the boarding-house to which,
acting on the advice of his aunt, he had
resort-d. This talkative person was the
only other man in the house. Their dis
cussion concerned the melancholy disap
•>•(.■ of wonder and adventure in
:atter days, and many such things.
Particularly was the talkative !>• r- :i
r.t on the decay of human courage
through security, a security Mr. Led
better rather thought!< s-sly joined him in
deploring. Mr. Ledbetter, in the first de
light of emancipation from "duty," and
! anxious perhaps in establish a
reputation for munly conviviality, par
took rather more freely than was ad
.■ of the excellent whisky the talka
tive person produced. But he did not be
cint intoxicated he insists. And after
that long talk of the brave old days that
•were gone forever, he went out into
moonlit Hithergate alone and up the cliff
road where the villas cluster together.
He had bewailed and now, as he walked
up the silent road he still bewailed, the
fate that had called him t>> such an un
eventful life as a pedagogue's. What a
prosaic existence he led, so stagnant, co
. year in
year out. what r-all was there for brav
ery' He thought enviously of those rov
ing medieval days, so near and so remote.
Braved Death BY SEA to Reach Alaska Gold.
ONE of the most thrilling of ex
periences in trying to reach
Alaska is related by Captain G.
A. Hatfield of the Alaska-Yukon
Transportation Company, who
was foolhardy enough to start on a
voyage to the Arctic regions in the
stern-wheeler, James fiva. He took
his wife witfc him, too, as well as
forty-five of a crew, intending to work
the boat on the Yukon River. And
nobody now regrets the rash enterprise
more than Captain Hatfield, for he lost
not only his steamer, but all his per
sonal effects, and narrowly escaped
with his life. Also the Alaska- Yukon
Transportation Company is bemoaning
the less of an entire season's trade
on the Yukon, the profits of which, un
der present boom conditions, would
have run into fabulous figures. For
though the company built three fine
steamers for the Yukon, not one of
them was able to reach the river in
time for the season's trade. Therefore
the shareholders in this enterprise ara
despondent, and their only hope is that
better weather and big profits will pull
them through next year. The W. J.
Scammell and the H. H. Barling, both
built for this company, repose safely at
their mooring in San Francisco Bay,
while the James Eva, Captain Hat
field's boat, is somewhere at the bot
tom of the Arctic Ocean.
"We sailed on the 11th of June last,"
said Captain Hatflold on his return to
San Francisco a few days ago. "The
stern- wheeler was towed by the Na
tional City, and for a time all went
■well with us. The boat proved remark
ably easy in a sea way, so much so
that we never had to fasten a table or
chair. W> had flowers in vases all
over the cabin were never dis
turbed during the voyage. The James
Eva was very strongly built for a ves
sel of her class, and if we had only had
reasonable weather we might have
reached St. Michael all right.
"We caught it, however, on the 23d
of June, when we were about 600 miles
south of Unalaska and 300 miles off the
Alaskan coast. Hitherto the boat had
both towed and steered well, but when
we went right into the heart of a real
Arctic storm things changed somewhat.
The gale broke upon u» from the south,
veering to west, and creating a very
heavy cross sea. The poor stern
wheeler rode the waves as best she
could, but they were too much for her.
All that the National City could do was
to stand by ready to render assistance
when needed, and I can tell you it waa
a good thing fbr us that she waa tSerfl.
Mr. Ledbetter's Strange Vacation.
of quests and spies and condottieri and
many a risky blade-drawing business.
And suddenly came a doubt, a strange
doubt, springing out of some chance
thought of tortures and destruct
ive "altogether of the position he
had assumed that evening. Was lie
—Mr. Ledbetter — really, after all, so
brave as he assumed? The Talkative
man had spoken enviously of crime. "The
burglar," he said, "is the only true adven
turer left on earth. And Mr. Ledbetter
had echoed his envy. "They do have
a me fun out of life." Mr. Ledbetter had
said. And he had laughed wickedly. Now
in this franker Intimacy of self commun
ion he found himself instituting a com
parison between his own brand of courage
and that of the habitual criminal, li
med to meet these insidious questioning
with blank assertion. "1 could do all
that," said Mr. Ledbeuer. "1 long I" do
all that. Only I do not give way to my
• riminal impulses. My moral courage re
strains mo." But he doubted, even while
he told himself these things.
Mr. Ledbetter passed a large villa
standing by itself. Conveniently situated
above a quite practicable balcony was a
window, gaping black, wide open. Ji
ured himself climbing up that balcony,
crouching, plunging, into that dark,
mysterious interior. "Bah! You would
not dare," said the spirit of doubt. "My
duty to my fellow-men forbids," said Mr.
Ledbetter'B self-respect.
It was nearly 11 and the little seaside
town was already very still. He turned
and came back slowly toward the villa of
the open window, lie stood for a time
outside the gate, a battlefield of motives.
"Let us put things to the test," said
Doubt. "For the satisfaction of these in
tolerable doubts, show that you dare go
into that house. Commit a burglary in
blank. That at any rate is n ■■ crime."
Very softly he opened and shut the gate
and slipped into the shadow of the shrub
bery. "This is foolish," said Mr. Ledbet
ter's caution. "I expected {hat, 1 said
Doubt. His heart was beating fast, but
he was certainly not afraid.
The ascent of the balcony it -was evi
dent would have to be done with a rush,
for it was all in clear moonlight, and vis
it.'..- from the gate into the avenue. A
trellis thinly set with young, ambitious
climbing roses made the ascent ridicu
lously easy. For a while Mr. Ledbetter
was as still as the night, and then that
insidious whisky tipped the balance. He
dashed forward. He went up the trellis
with quick, convulsive movements,
swung his legs over the parapet of the
balcony and dropped panting in the shad
• yen as he had designed. His mood
was exultation. He could have shouted
to find he was so little afraid.
A happy line that he had learned from
Wills ''Mephistopheles" came into his
mind as he crouched th<Te, "I feel like a
cat on the tiles." He whispered it to him-
Belf. It was far better than he had ex
pected — this adventurous exhilaration.
And now for the window to make the
burglary complete! Would he dare to do
that? Its position above the front door
denned it as a landing or passage. For a
time he listened under the ledge, then he
raised his eyes above the sill and peered
in. Beyond was a broad landing faintly
gleaming, a flimsy fabric of bead cur
tain, very black and sharp against a fur
ther window, a broad staircu.se plung
ing into a gulf of darkness below, and an
other ascending to the second floor. He
glanced behind him, but the stillness of
For twenty-four hours we tossed about
on the huge waves, and then the
trusses which bound the boat together
began to go. She would yivot herself
on the top of a huge wave, leaving
both the stem and the stern unsup
ported, and the strain was too much
for any craft constructed in this way
t. stand. , 
"At last the trusses went altogether,
and there being nothing to hold the
boat together, she naturally doubled up
and began to fill with water. Then we
saw that it was time for us to go. There
was a tremendous sea running, and. al
though it was summertime, the weath
er, to persons exposed like ourselves,
seemed bitterly cold. With the utter-
most difficulty and danger the Na
tional City sent hey boats to save us.
and one by one we dropped into the sea
and were pulled into the rescuing craft.
You can imagine what a task it was
when it topk four hours to save our
crew. Even then we had to leave
everything behind and were landed at
St. Michael with only what we stood
in. One enormous wave after another
would come swooping down upon us
while we were disembarking, shaking
the stern wheeler from end to end and
opening her seams still wider, so that
we wondered whether she would last
long enough for us all to get safely
away. Somehow we managed it, but it
was a pretty close shave, and the only
accident occurred to the mate, who had
his leg broken."
Captain Hatfleld, who spent the
whole summer at St Michael, gives an
encouraging account of u.Zalss, there.
THE SAIST FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
By H. G. Wells.
the night was unbroken. "-Crime," he
whispered, "crime," and scrambled softly
and swiftly over the sill into the house.
His feet fell noiselessly on a mat of skin.
He was a burglar indeed!
He peered about him, and suddenly the
critical spirit arose again. Burglars did
far more than such mere elementary en
trance as this; they went into rooms.
they forced safes. Well, he was not
afraid. He could not force safes because
that would be a stupid want of consider
ation for his host?. "But he would go into
the rooms— he would go upstairs. More
over, he told himself that he was perfect
ly secure; an empty house could not be
more reassuringly still. Above was a
square landing with one open and several
dosed doors, and all the House was still.
I", r a moment he stood wondering what
would happen if some sleeper woke sud
denly and emerged. The open door showed
a moonlit bedroom, the coverlet white
ai.d undisturbed. Into this room he crept
in three interminable minutes and took
a piece <<f soap for his plunder— his tro
phy. He turned to descend even more
softly than he had ascended. It was as
easy as-. Hist: • * •
Footsteps! On the gravel outside the
house, and then the noise of a latch-key,
the yawn and bang of a door, and the
spitting of a match In the hall below.
Mr. Ledbetter stood petrified by the sud
den discovery of the folly upon which he
had come. "How on earth am I to get
out of this?" said Mr. Ledbetter.
The hall grew bright with a candle
flame, some heavy object bumped against
the umbrella stand, and feet were ascend
ing the staircase. In a flash Mr. Ledbet
ter realized that his retreat was closed.
He stood for a moment, a pitiful figura
of penitent confusion. My goodness!
'What a fool I have been!' he whispered,
and then darted swiftly across the shad
owy landing into the empty bedroom from
which he had just come. He stood listen
ing— quivering. The footsteps reached the
first floor landing.
Horrible thought! This was possibly the
>mer's room! Not a moment was to
b»< lost! Mr. Ledhftter stooped beside the
bed and crawb d within its protection not
ten seconds too soon. He became mo
tionless on hands and knees. The ad
vancing candle light appeared through
the thinner stitch's of the fabric, the
shadows ran wildly about and became
rigid as the candle was put down.
"Lord, what a day!! said the new
comer blowing noisily, and seeming to
lit som<' heavy burden on what Mr.
Ledbetter, judging by the feet, decided
to be a writing table. The unseen then
wont to the door and locked it, exam-
Ined the fastf-nings of the windows care
fully ami pulled down the blinds, and re
turning sat down upon the bed with start
ling ponderosity.
"What a day!" he said; "good Lord!"
and blew again, and Mr. Ledbetter in
clined to believe that the person was mop
ping his face. After a time he removed
some upper garments — a coat and waist
coat, Mr. Ledbetter inferred— and casting
them over the rail of the bod remained
breathing less noisily and, as it seemed,
cooling from a considerable temperature.
"There is not going to be any trouble
this winter," he said, "because the
military authorities at the station have
taken precautions against overcrowd
ing. No steamer was allowed to land
her passengers unless she could show
that their transit up the river was al
ready provided for. We had made
through contracts to Dawson with a
number of gold seekers, and wherever
we could we arranged for passage on
some of the other river lines. When
this proved impossible we had to send
the passengers back to San Francisco.
No, I do not think there will be a
scarcity of food. When I left St. Mich
ael, on September 11, a great many
boats were still coming down the river,
but the people were all leaving for the
south. The river trade would cease at
the end of last month, and about the
middle of this month all ocean traffic
will be suspended and St. Michael will
be hermetically sealed In to endure as
best it may the rigors of an Arctic win
ter. Probably about two thousand peo
ple will remain in the town, but most
of them are employes of the various
transportation companies and are sup
plied for the winter. There are about
thirty thousand tons of provisions
stacked there, an abundant supply.
"Going to try it again? Why of
course we are. As soon aa the season
opens next spring we propose to send
our two remaining stern wheelers to
carry on our trade up the river. You
see, getting through is very much a
HOW TO POSTPONE OLD AGE.
DR. W. KINNEAR claims that old
age can be postponed by avoid
ing food in which earthy salts
abound. He says in The Hu
manitarian (London):
"Anatomical experiment and investi
gation show that the chief character
istics -of old age are the deposits of
earthy matter of a gelatinouß, fibrl
nous character in the human system.
Carbonate and phosphate of lime, mixed
with other salts of a calcareous nature,
have been found to furnish the greater
part of these earthy deposits. As ob
servation shows, man begins in a gela
tinous condition; he ends in an oaseouo
or bony one — soft in infancy, hard in
old age. By gradual change in the long
space of years the osßlflcetion comes
on; but, after middle life is passed, a
more marked development of the ossiflc
character takes place. Of course these
earth/ deposits, which affect all the
At intervals he muttered to himself, and
once he laughed softly. And -j.r. Ledbetter
muttered to himself, but he did not laugh.
"Of ail the foolish things!" said Mr. Led
better. "What on earth am I to do now?'
What he should do he fourjd it difficult
to imagine. To wait Until this person had
gone to bed, and then, when he teemed
to be sleeping, to creep to the door, unlock
It and bolt headlong for that balcony,
seemed the only possible thing to do.
Would it be possible to jump from the
balcony? The danger of it! When he
thought of the chances against him, Mr.
Ledbetter despaired. He was within an
ace of thrusting forth his head beside the
gentleman's It gs, coughing if necessary to
attract his attention, and then smiling,
apologizing and exn.alning his unfortu
nate intrusion by a few well-chosen sen
tences. But he found these sentences
hard to choose. "No doubt, sir, fny ap
pearance is peculiar," or "I trust, sir. you
will pardon my somewhat ambiguous ap
pearance from beneath you," was about
as much as he could get.
"The position I had assumed," said Mr.
Ledbetter, when he told me of these
things, "was in many respects an ill
advised one. A transverse bar beneath
the bed depressed my head unduly and
threw a disproportionate share of my
weight upon my hands. But I had to
stay there motionless nevertheless."
After an interminable time there be
gan a chinking sound. This deepened into
a rhythm, chink, chink, chink twenty-five
chinks— a rap on the writing table and
a grunt from the owner of the stout legs.
It dawned upon Mr. Ledbetter that this
chinking was the chinking of gold. He
became incredulously curious as it went
on. His curiosity grew. Already if that
was the case this extraordinary man
must have counted some hundreds
of pounds. At last Mr. Ledbetter could
resist it no longer, and he began very
cautiously to fold his arms and lower
his head to the level of the floor in the
hope of peeping under the valance. He
moved his feet, and one made a slight
scraping on the floor. Suddenly the
chinking ceased. Mr. Ledbetter became
rigid. After a while the chinking waa
resumed. Then it ceased again, and
everything was still— except Mr. Led
better's heart. That organ seemed to him
to be beating like a drum.
The stillness continued. Mr. Ledbet
ter's head was now on the floor and he
could see the stout legs as far up as the
shins. They were quite still. The feet
were resting on the toes and drawn
hack, as it seemed, under the chair of
the owner. A wild hope came to Mr.
Ledbetter that the unknown was in a fit
or suddenly dead, with his head upon the
writing table.
The stillness continued. What had hap
pened? The desire to peep became irre
sistible. Very cautiously Mr. Ledbetter
shifted his hand forward, projected a pio
neer finger and began to lift tin- valance
immediately next his eye. Nothing broke
the stillness. He saw nbw the stranger's
knees, saw the back of the writing table,
and then— he wns staring at the barrel of
a heavy revolver pointed over the writing
table at his head.
♦Come out of that, you scoundrel! said
the voice of the stout gentleman in a tone
of quiet concentration.
Mr. Ledbetter came right out, a little
reluctantly perhaps, but without any
hanky-panky, and at once, even as he was
told. ,  ,
"Kneel," aaid the stout gentleman, "and
hold up your hands."
Mr Ledbetter rose from all fours and
held up his bands. "Dressed like a par
son," said the stout gentleman. A little
ohap too! You scoundrel. What the
devil possessed you to come here to-.
nlght? Vl
He did not appear to require an answer,
but proceeded at once to several very ob
jectionable remarks upon Mr. Ledbetter's
personal appearance. He was not a very
big man, but he looked strong to Mr. Led
better; he was as stout as his legs had
promised.
"What the devil, I say, possessed you
to get under my bed?"
Mr. Ledbetter by an effort smiled a
wan propitiatory smile. He coughed. "I
can't quite understand," he said, ' —
"Why! What on earth?—
"It's" soap! No— you scoundrel. Don't
you move that hand."
"It's aoap," said Mr. Ledbetter. "From
your washstand. No doubt if—"
"Don't talk," said the stout mm. "I
matter of luck, or rather weather.
Boats not half as good as the James
Eva reached St. Michael all right be
cause they happened to escape a storm.
We had bad fortune last season, but we
are not going to give it up, and hope
to balance matters by the next year's
traffic, which is sure to be large."
BANANA FLOUR.
ANEW fad has been attracting
much attention in England. It is
the exclusive use of banana flour
in place of all other cereals, as a
diet for reducing an over abundance of
flesh. It is also "sed in St. Giles Hos
pital by the patients suffering from
rheumatism.
Banana flour is made by pulverizing
the banana which has been subjected
to a drying process. It contains no
gluten and is an almost exclusive arti
cle of food in many of the islands
where the banana grows.
The natives who live on bananas are
invariably not corpulent. The grocers
in San Francisco are being besieged
by their customers for banana flour, as
there seems to be a multitude of people
who wish there were not quite so much
of them.
physical organs, naturally interfere
with their functions. Partial ossifica
tion of the heart produces the imper
fect circulation of the blood which af
fects the aged. When the arteries are
clogged with calcareous matter there
is interference with circulation, upon
which nutrition depends. Without nu
trition there is no repair of the body.
"None of these things interfere with
nutrition and circulation in earlier
years. The reparation of the physical
system, as every one ought to know,
depends on this fine balance. In fact
the whole change is merely a Blow,
steady accumulation of calcareous de
posits in the system. When these be
come excessive and resist expulsion
they cause the stiffness and dryness of
old age. Entire blockage of the func
tions of the body is then a men* matter
of time; the refuse matter deposited by
the blood in its constant passage
through the system "stops the delicate
and exaalsit* machinery which .w« caii
see it's soap. Of all incredible things.
"If I might explain—"
"Don"t explain. It's sure to be a lie,
and there's no time for explanations.
What was I going to ask you? Ah! Have
you any mates?"
"In a few minutes, if you — "
"Have you any mates, damn you. If
you start any soapy palaver I'll shoot.
Have you any mates?"
"No," said Mr. Ledbetter.
"I suppose it's a lie," said the stout
man. "But you'll pay for it if it is. Why
the devil didn't you floor me when I came
upstairs? You won't get a chance to,
now, anyhow."
"I don't see how I could prove an alibi."
remarked Mr. Ledbetter, trying to show
by his conversation that he was an edu
cated man.
"That's all right," said the fat man.
"But what to do with you I don't ex
actly know."
"1 know my position is ambiguous."
"Lord," said the man. "Ambiguous!
And goes about with his own soap, and
wears a thundering great clerical collar!
You are a blooming burglar, you are—
if ever there was one!"
'To be strictly accurate," said Mr. Lea
better—and suddenly his glasses slipped
off and clattered against his vest buttons.
' The fat man changed countenance, a
flash of savage resolution crossed his
face, and something in the revolver
clicked. He put his other hand to the
weapon. And then he looked at Mr.
Ledbetter, and his eye went dowff to the
dropped pince-nez. .
"Full cock now anyhow, said the Tat
man after a pause, and his breath seemed
to catch. "But I'll tell you, you've never
been bo near death before. Lord! Im al
most glad. If it hadn't been that the re
volver wasn't cocked you d be lying
dead there now." _ .
Mr. Ledbetter said nothing, but he reit
that the room was swaying.
"A miss is us good as a mile. Its
lucky for both of us, wasn't it? Lord!
he blew noisily. ; • r ■
"I can assure you, sir, said Mr. Led
better with an effort.
"There's only one thing to do. II : I
call in the police, I'm bust. A little
game I've gotr on is bust. That won t
do If I tie you up and leave you attain
—the thing may be out to-morrow. To
morrow's Sunday and Monday s bank
holiday— l've counted on ' three clear
days. Shooting you's murder— and hang
ing—and besides, it will bust the whole
I. looming bernooze. I'm hanged if I can
think what to tlo— l'm hanged if I can.
"Will you permit me—"
"You "gas as much as if you were a
real parson. I'm blessed if you don t.
Of all the burglars you are the— \\ ell !
No— l won't permit you. There isnt
time. If you start off jawing again 111
shoot you in your stomach. See? But
I know now— l know riow. What we're
going to do first my man, is an examina
tion for concealed arms. And look here!
When I tell you to do a thing, don't start
off at a gabble; do it brisk."
And with many elaborate precautions
and always pointing the pistol at Mr.
Ledbetter's head, the stout man stood
him up and searched him for weapons.
"Why, you are a burglar!" he said.
"You're a perfect amateur. You haven't
even a pistol pocket in the back of your
breeches. No, you don't shut up now."
So soon as this issue was decided the
short man made Mr. Ledbetter take off
his coat and roll up his shirt sleeves, and
with the revolver at one ear, proceed with
the packing his appearance had inter
rupted. From the short man's point of
View that was evidently the only arrange
ment for if he had packed he would
have had to put down his revolver. So
that even the gold on the table was
handled by Mr. Ledbetter. This noctur
nal packing was peculiar. The stout
mans idea was evidently to distribute
the weight of the gold as unostentatious.
ly as possible through his luggage. It
was by no means an inconsiderable
weight There was, Mr. Ledbetter says,
altogether nearly £18,000 In gold in the
black bag and on the table. There were
also many little rolls of £5 bank notes.
Bach rouleau of £25 was wrapped by Mr.
Ledbetter in paper. Those rouleaux were
then put neatly in cigar boxes and dis
tributed between a traveling trunk, a
Gladstone bag and a hatbox. About £600
went in a tobacco tin in a dressing bag.
T.n pounds in gofd and a number of £5
notes the stout man pocketed. Occasion
ally he objurgated Mr. Ledbetters clum
siness and urged him to hurry, and seve
ral times ho appealed to Mr. Ledbetter's
watch for information.
]i. appeared to be now in a less ag
gressive mood, and, having watched Mr.
Ledbetter for some time, he offered a few
remarks. .
"From your accent I judge you are a
man of some education," he said, light
ing a cigar. "No, don't begin that ex
planation of yours. I know it will be
long-winded from your face, and I m
much too old a liar to be interested in
other men's lying. ( You are, I say, a
person of educatioJi."
"I am a curate.* 1 said Mr. Ledbetter,
"or, at least—" ■ __
"You are trying to be. I know. .But
you didn't ought to burgle. You are not
the man to burgle. You are— if I may
Bay it, the thing will have been pointed
out to you before— a coward."
Dared Death BY LAND to Find Alaska Gold.
ONE of the most dangerous and
probably the most perilous jour
ney ever attempted in the midst
of winter through the wilder
ness of Northern Alaska was
made two years ago by Joe Carroll and
Dick Martin, two San Francisco sail
ors who shipped for a whaling cruise
in the Arctic Ocean. They have just
returned from their adventures.
Late in the preceding autumn the
vessel was caught in an ice pack near
the line between Alaska and the British
possessions and the crew went Into win
ter Quarters.
Carroll and Martin claim that the
ship's officers were excessively cruel to
the men forward and as the long winter
darkness enveloped the land of per
petual cold the forecastle became un
bearable.
The seamen began to discuss plans
for desertion. Many of them had left
port heavily in debt to the boarding
houses and they knew full well that on
return to port at the end of the three
years' voyage they would be penniless.
To attempt to leave the ship and travel
through a wilderness and across wastes
of snow for a distance of 500 miles to
the nearest settlement meant almost
life. This is death. It has been proved
by analysis that human blood contains
compounds of lime, magnesia and iron.
In the blood itself are thus contained
the earth salts. In early life they are
thrown off. Age has not the power to
do It.
"Hence, as blood la produced by as
similation of the food we eat, to thiß
food we must look for the earthy ac
cumulations which in time block up the
system and bring on old age. Almost
everything we eat contains more or less
of these elements for destroying life,
by means of calcareous salts deposited
by the all-nourishing blood. Careful
selection, however, can enable us to
avoid the worst of them.
"To sum up: Avoid all foods rich in
the earth soils, use much fruit, espe
cially Juicy, uncooked apples, and take
dally two or three tumblerfuls of dis
tilled water with about ten or fifteen
drops of diluted phosphoric acid in each
glassful. Thus will our days be pro
longed, old age declared and health In
sured.**
"Do you know," said Mr. Ledbetter,
trying to get a fresh opening, "it was
that very question—"
The stout man waved him into silence.
"You should do one or two things. Either
you should forge or you should embezzle.
"Listen! Midnight! Ten— eleven— twelve.
There is something very impressive to
me in that slow beating of the hours.
Time— space, what mysteries they are?
What mysteries? It is time for us to be
moving. Stand up." , _,
And then kindly but firmly he induced
Mr. Ledbetter to swing the dressing bag
over his back by a string across his
chest, to shoulder the trunk, and, over
ruling a gasping protest, tb take the
Gladstone bag in his disengaged haniT
So encumbered Mr. Ledbetter struggled
perilously down stairs. The stout gen
tleman followed with an overcoat, the
hat box and the revolver, making de
rogatory remarks about Mr. Ledbetter s
strength and assisting him at the turn
ings of the stairs.
"The back door," he directed, and Mr.
Ledbetter staggered through a conserv
atory-, leaving a wake of smashed
flowerpots behind him. "Never mind
the crockery," said the stout man; its
good for trade. We wait here unti a
quarter past. You can put those thing*
down. You have!" Mr. Ledbetter col
lapsed panting on the trunk. Last
night," he gasyed. "I was aaleep in my
little room and I no more dreamt—
"There 1 ." no need for you to Incriminate
yourself," said the stout gentleman look
ing at the lock of the revolver.
There presently came the wound or a
bell and Mr. Led bet t. r waa taken to the
back door and Instructed to open it. a
fair-haired man It. > -a. -I. th.g -•ostume en
tered. At the sight of Mr. ledbetter he
started violently and dapped his hand
behind him. Thon fie Haw the Htom man.
"Bingham!" he cried, "Whos this?
"Only a little philanthropic do of mine
-burglar I'm trying to reform. <-?? u «™
him under my bed Just now. He s all
right. He's a frightful ass Hell be
useful to carry pome of our thing.s.
The newcomer seemed Inclined to re
sent Mr. Ledbetter 1 s -resence at first, but
the stout man reassured him. He s
quite alone. There's not a gang m the
world would own him. They went out
into the darkness of the garden with the
trunk still bowing Mr. Ledbetter s
shoulders. The house was one of those
that have their gardens right up to the
cliff. At the cliff was a steep wooden
stairway descending to a bathing tent
dimly visible on the beach. Below was a
boat pulled up and a silent little man
with a black face stood beside it. "A few
moments' explanation." said Mr. Ledbet
ter; I can assure you — " Somebody kicked
him and he said no more.
They made him wade to the boat, car
rying' the trunk; they pulled him aboard
by the shoulders and hair; they called
him no better name than "scoundrel" and
"burglar" all that night. They hauled
him aboard a yacht manned by strange,
unsympathetic Orientals, and partly they
thrust him and partly he fell down a
gangway into a noisome dark place,
where he was to remain many days — how
many he does not know, because h^ lost
count imong other things when he was
seasick. They fed him on biscuits and in
comprehensible words; they gave him
water to drink mixed with unwished-for
rum. And there were cockroaches where
they put him, night and day, and in the
nighttime there were rats. The Orientals
emptied his pockets and took his watch;
but Mr. Bihgham being appealed to, took
that himself. And live or six times the
five Lascars— if they were Lascars— and
the Chinaman and the negro, who consti
tuted the crow, fished him out and took
him aft to Bingham and his friend to
play cribbage and euchre and three
handed whist, and to listen to their stor
ies and boasting in an interesting man
ner.
So Mr. Ledbetter fared for many clays,
twenty, perhaps, and one evening he, to
gether with some tinned provisions, was
taken over the side and put ashore on
a rocky little island with a spring. Mr.
Bingham came in a boat with him, giv
ing him good advice all the way. and
waving his hist attempts at an explana
tion aside.
"I am really not a burglar," said Mr.
Ledbetter. "You never will be," said
Mr. Bingham. "You'll never make a bur
glar. I'm glad you're beginning to see it.
In choosing a profession a man must
study temperament. If you don't, sooner
certain death. Many long hours were
spent in discussing the question.
Finally live of the able seamen de
cided to hazard the trip. They man
aged to secure three rifles and a small
amount of ammunition. With a few
pounds of sea biscuit, without a robe
or blanket, they stole into the darkness
toward the coast line a few miles dis
tant.
Early the following morning the es
cape was discovered and a posse of
well-armed officers hurried in pursuit.
The trail was easily followed through
the deep dry. snow and snugly en
sconced in a little nook beneath some
tall timber the little band of deserters
was surprised. They were huddled
around a blazing campflre, tired and
weary from the day's tramp, little
dreaming that danger was so near. The
terrors, they thought, lay in the dis
mal forest to the south.
Without warning came the command:
"Throw up your hands."
Every man knew that that meant im
prisonment.
Like a flash they started for their
guns, but a volley of bullets killed one
sailor and wounded two more.
Taking advantage of the momentary
confusion and concealed by the cloud
of smoke from the attacking rifles Mar
tin and Carroll jumped into the un
c'erbrush. In the shelter of darkness
or later you will fail. Compare myself,
for example. All my life I have been in
banks— l have got on in bank;- I have
even been a bank manager. 1- it was i
happy? No. Why wasn't I haipy" Be
cause it did not suit my temperament. I
am too adventurous, too versatile, prac
tically I have thrown it over, i do not
suppose I shall ever manage a banK
again. They would be glad to get me, no
doubt, but I have learnt the less, n of my
temperament— at last.
"Now, your temperament unfits you ror
crime— just as mine unfits me for respec
tability. I know you better than I did.
and now I do not even recommend for
gery. Go back to respectable coui es, my
man. Your lay is the philanthropic lay
that is your lay.
"The island we are approaching ias no
name apparently-at least there I. none
on the chart. You might think (.u:( .u : a
name for it while you are there, it has
quite drinkable water, I understand. It is
one of the Grenadines— one of the \\ ind
ward Islands. Yonder— dim and blu. -are
other of the Grenadines. I have .ften
wondered what these islands are f or— iuw,
you see, I am wiser. This one. at L ast.
is for you. Sooner or later some simple
native will come along and take you off.
Say what you like about us then— abuse
us if you like— we shall not mind. And
here — here is half a sovereign's worth of
silver. Do not waste that in foolish dissi
pation when you return to civilization.
Properly used it may give you a fresh
start in life. I'm sorry, but I must ask
you to carry your tucker to land in your
arms. No, it's not deep. D that ex
planation of yours! There is not time.
No, no. 1 won't listen. Overboard you go.
And the falling night found Mr. Led
better, the Mr. Ledbetter who had com
plained that adventure was dead, sitting
beside his cans of food, his chin resting
upon his drawn-up knees, staring
through his glasses in dismal mildnesfl
over the shining, vacant sea. He was
picked up in the course of three days by
a negro fisherman and taken to St. Vin
cent's, and from St. Vincent's he got by
the expenditure of his last coins to
Kingston in Jamaica. And there he
might have foundered. He had not the
remotest idea what he ought to do. Ine
only <hing he seems to have done was to
visit all the ministers of religion he could
find in the place to borrow a passage
home. But he was much too dirty and in
coherent, and his story far too incredible,
for them. I met him quite by chance.
It was close upon sunset and I was walk
ing out after my siesta on the road to
Dunns battery, when I met him-I was
rather bored and with a whole evening
on my hands, luckily for him. He was
trudging dismally toward the town. HI9
woebegone face and the quasi clerical cut
of his dust-stained, filthy costume caught
my humor. Our eyes met. He hesitated.
"Sir " he said, with a catching of the
breath, "could you spare a few moments
for what I fear will seem an increuible
story?"
"Incredible!" I said.
"Quite," he answered eagerly. No one
•will believe it, alter it though I may. Yet
I can assure you, sir—" .
He stopped hopelessly. The man s tone
tickled me. He seemed an odd character.
"I am," he said, "one of the most un
fortunate being alive."
"Among other things, you haven t
dined?" I said, struck with an idea.
"I have not," he said solemnly, lor
""You* may tell it jjktter after that." I
said, and without more ado led the way
to a low place I knew, where such a cos
tume a3 his was unlikely to give offense.
And there— with certain omissions which
he subsequently supplied, I got his story.
At first I was incredulous, but as the wire
warmed him. and the faint suggestion of
cringing his misfortunes had added to his
manner disappeared. I began to £eheye.
At last I was so far convinced of his sin
cerity that I got him a bed for the night,
and "next day verified the banker's refer
ence he gave me through my Jamaica
banker. And that done, I took him shop
ping for underwear and such like equip
ments of a gentleman at large. Presently
came the verified reference. His aston
ishing story was true. I will not amplify
our subsequent proceedings.
He started for England in three days
time. ■ '  , A -
"I do not know how I can possibly thank
you enough," the letter he wrote me from
England began, "for all your kindness to
a total stranger," and proceeded for some
time in a similar strain. "Had it not been
for your generous assistance I could cer
tainly never have returned in time for the
resumption of my scholastic duties, and
my few minutes of reckless folly would
perhaps have proved my ruin. The truth
I dare not tell. I have consulted a num
ber of law books in the British Museum,
and there is not the slightest doubt that I
have connived at and abetted and aided a
felony. That scoundrel Bfngham was the
Hethergate bank : manager, I find, and
guilty of the most flagrant embezzlement.
The worst of it is, neither my aunt nor
her friend, who kept the boarding house
at which I was staying, seem altogether
to believe a guarded statement I have
made practically^ of what actually
happened. They suspect me of some dis
creditable adventure, but what sort of
discreditable adventure they suspect me
of I do not know.
"If, when you write, you could write on,
two sheets, so that I could show my aunt
one, and on that one, if you could show
clearly that I really was in Jamaica this
summer, and had come there by being
marooned from a ship, it would be of
great service to me. It would certainly
add to the load of my obligations to you,
a load that I fear I can never fully repay.
Although if gratitude • • •" And so
forth. At the end he repeated his re
quest for me to burn the letter.
So the remarkable story of Mr. Led
better's vacation ends. That breach with
his aunt was not of long duration. The
old lady had fully forgiven him before
she Copyrighted, 1898, by H. Q.
Wells. =-•■-
they escaped into the dismal forest.
They were free but were without weap
ons, food and blankets in the midst of
the terrors of an Alaskan winter and
in an unknown country.
For two or three days they were
hunted like wild beasts and then the
officers abandoned the chase and re
turned to the ship. The two men teil
of their subsequent perilous adventures
as follows:
"One of us had a well filled water
proof box of matches. We crossed over
a low range of hills and the next day
we struck the headwaters of the Porcu
pine River. For over a week we sub
sisted entirely on preen bark. At night
we built roaring fires and managed to "
keep warm.
"We were on the trail nearly four
months and had not tasted bread or
coffee or tea. We were a sight to look
at, emaciated, ragged, dirty and cov
ered with vermin. When we looked into
the first mirror we were startled. Our
hair had turned from a brown color to
a whiteness as pure as the fields of
snow."
Both Carroll and Martin engaged in
mining on Birch Creek, near Circle
City, and in the Klondike, but not until
this spring did fortune smile on them.
Their clean-up was about $8000, and
with that they returned here after be
ing gone four years."Hemoß tenido mala suerte, pues nos nan cojido los 2 mejores
espias — uno en Washington, que se ahorco o lo ahorcaron, y otro ante
ayer en Tampa, Hay una vigilancia estremada porparte de los Amer
icanos." (We have had bad luck, for they have captured the two best
— erne in Washington, who hung himself or whom they hung, and
the other day before yesterday in Tampa. There is extraordinary vigi
on the part of the Americans). — Lieutenant Ramon Carranza to
Don Jose Gomez Ymaz, May 26, 1898.
IT is hardly necessary to say that
such a tribute to the efficiency of
the Ami ri vice from a
judge so well qualified as the for
naval attache of the late Span
b Legation was highly gratifying
of us who were lying awake
nights trying to make trouble
for the Spanish agents. But as our ac
tivity was simply a reflex action, due to
the tireless energy of the zealous sub
jects of the boy King, Lieutenant Car
ranza will have to hear part of the re
sponsibility for the watchfulness which
gracefully compliments.
When it became a; parent that a con
flict with Spain was inevitable, steps
were taken under the advice of Secre
tary Gage and Assistant Secretary
Vanderlip to organize an auxiliary
force of the secret service division ot
the Treasury Department. This was
■"gular force of
that branch of the Government is
maini an appropriation which
- upon only for expenses
Incurred in th^> suppression of countr-r-
A.S soon as th- fund
became available the President made a
preliminary allotment of 16000 for our
use, and Home weeks later inn
this by (50,000, which, it was estimated,
. be sufficient to maintain the
I months.
The publication of the. fact that there
i special allotment for an ad
dition to the secret service made it
wholly unnecessary to advertise for
The applications during the first
thirty days exceeded a thousand, and
the pressure for appointment became
embarrassing; but the peculiar nature
of the work the men would have to do
made it essential that they should be
thoroughly familiar with Spanish. This
quickly disposed of more than ninety
■f the applicants, and of the
remainder there were few who pos
1 the other qualifications — detec
tive experience, rugged health,
strength, courago and enthusiasm.
It is morally certain that when th<»
force was completed there was not a
man among them who was there for
what there was "in it," the pay being
$4 a day and traveling and living ex
penses, the Later limited to $3 a day.
With one exception they were under 40
years of acre. All of them fairly bub
bled over with loyalty, were determln
SIX VERY SINGULAR RAILWAYS OF THE WORLD.
ON'K of the most recently built of England's
railways may claim the proud position of be
ing th" most singular of all. This is the Brigh
ton and Rottingdean Electric Railway, opened
in 1596, and demolished by the great storm of
December 4 in the same year. Since then the havoc
wrought by winds and waves has been repaired and
traffic resumed.
The rails of this single-track railway are laid in
the sea, and the singular-looking structure pictured
In the group rises from the water on four steel
legs, which run on wheels on the rails. Propelled by
Ihe electric current, this car, which represents the
company's whole locomotive and rolling stock, pro
ceeds at a slow and stately glide on its four-mile
: ed to make a record and wire ready
• for any emergency that might arise. It
may surprise a great many persona to
know that the auxiliary force of the
! secret service during the \v;ir was
smaller than the local staff of a large
metropolitan newspaper; but as the
• men were irmraualiy Intelligent and re
liable it was possible to satisfactorily
; cover the country with a comparatively
, small number of operatives.
Each operative was provided with a
cipher code for telegraphic purposes,
and when his territory had been as
> signed was expected to keep in con
stant touch with Washington. In my
private office at headquarters I had a
j large map of the United States, mount
ed in a flat cabinet, and by means of
small numbered flags attached to steel
] pins was able to locate every man <m
, the force at a glance. Montreal, To
. ronto, New York, Philadelphia, Wash
ington, Newport News, Savannah, Jac
ksonville, Tampa, Key West, Mobile,
: New Orleans, Galveston, San Francisco
; and the army camps were the principal
i points of activity.
Tampa was a particularly lively dis
trict, for in addition to the Secret Ser
! vice men in the field there a branch of
I the Military Information Bureau, un
| der the jurisdiction of the War Depart
ment, was maintained, and during the
; latter part of the war was useful in
looking after thefts of army stores, de
serters and military offenders of all
i classes.
aslonally, when the pressure was
particularly heavy, it became necessary
to detail the regular members of the
division to run out certain lines of in
vestigation, their expenses at such
times being defrayed from the defense
! fund. Of the thousand or more "sus
j pects" something over 600 men and
women were at one time or another un
der close surveillance for varying
periods, among them professors, diplo
! mats, doctors, merchants, cigar-makers,
] mariners, electrical experts. Govern
ment employes of foreign birth and un
certain antecedents, capitalists, milli
ners, dressmakers, society women and
servants. Every man in the service
was required to make a detailed daily
report covering his operations, and
there were revealed a great many Inter
esting things that had nothing what
ever to do with the Spanish-American
war.
The early establishment of a "crank"
box was necessary, hardly a day pass-
Ing without a letter or two from some
irresponsible visionary or out and out
journeys.
A no less convenient than curious railway is the
electric one which establishes communication between
Lynton and Lynmouth on the coast of North Devon.
Those two tiny towns are situated, one on the sum
mit of a particularly tall cliff 700 feet high, and the
other on the beach below. The railway climbs up this
cliff almost perpendicularly.
Do you know which is the highest railway In
England? The Snowdon Mountain Railway occupies
that proud pre-eminence.
The first sod of thin singular line was cut In De
cember, 1894, and a year later it was opened.
It starts from, the foot of that king of Welsh moun
tains at Llanberis and goes to the summit, a distance
of four miles. There are six dtations in all and the
time taken on the journey is the not very thrilling
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOREB 16, 1898.
lunatic. There were stacks of anony
mous communications threatening
death and destruction to every one con
nected with the •"unholy" war, and
scores of suggestions from demented
persona who had •"inspired" plans for
the annihilation of all Spanish emis
saries. Then there was a class of
cranks with hallucinations that they
were being dogged by Spanish spies and
in danger of assassination, while others
had overheard plots to blow up the
President and public buildings.
Where such letters were signed and it
was possible to locate the writer the
matter was always investigated, but in
no instance was the author found to be
a responsible person. Not all the cranks
stopped at Writing to the department.
Many of them called at the office and
were led gently away, introduced to the
guards at the doors of the treasury
building and thereafter refused admit-
! tance. One enterprising woman suc
ceeded in getting in to see me, how
! ever, with a unique scheme to ascertain
i the identity of the leading Spanish
i agents in this country.
"This is my plan," she said enthusi
astically, after Introducing herself. "As
soon as you engage my services I shall
go to New York and look about among
the theaters until I find where the most
patriotic audiences gather. Then at one
of the evening performances, when they
are all cheering for the United States,
I shall stand up in my seat and cry,
'Spain forever! Hurrah for Alfonso!'
Of course I shall be arrested and the
matter will get into the papers and I
shall be visited by the friends of Spain,
who will be convinced that I am a
sympathizer. So, gradually, I shall be
able to worm my way into their con
fidence until I shall have gained all
their secrets. Now won't that be
lovely?"
The chances being that If she tried it
the audience might not leave enough of
her to sympathize with and as she
looked as if her children might need at-
tention, she was advised to go home.
She departed reluctantly, thoroughly
convinced that the Government was
making a fatal mistake in declining her
services.
When the "emergency men," as the
temporary employes of the division
were termed, were instructed in the use
of the cipher code they were told that
in communicating with headquarters
they should use, instead of my name,
"John Ehlen," which I had registered
with the telegraph companies. This was
simply a precautionary measure in
tended to protect the operatives by
eliminating the chance that some one
might discover the message was for the
secret service, identify the sender as
a member of the division and destroy
his usefulness in that particular local
ity, if nothing worse.
Out of this arrangement grew a curi
ous incident. In the latter part of May
a young Western newspaper corre-
RUNNING DOWN THE SPIES OF SPAIN.
Clever Work of Our Secret Service Men in Checkmating the Plots of
the Spaniards During the Late War.
spondent, stationed in Washington, sent
in his card, asking to see me on im
portant and confidential business.
When admitted he explained that a tel
egraph operator, whom he had known
for years in the West, and who had
been transferred to the capital, had in
tercepted a cipher message from Mon
treal the night before and believed it
was from the Spanish headquarters to
an agent here. We were particularly
interested in the Spanish messages at
that time, having possession of a cipher
that was being used in some of their
correspondence, and the newspaperman
knowing this had suggested to his
friend the operator that the suspected
commu.nication be submitted to our of
fice.
He had tried to translate it, but was
un;ible to succeed, and he wondered if
we would have better luck. The copy
of the mysterious message, which he
then produced and placed before me on
the desk, was addressed to my alias,
the original, from one of my men, beina
in a drawer at my side. Under the cir-
cumstances I felt moderately certain
that we could get at its meaning, but
without explaining to the correspondent
I told him that if we did succeed lit
deciphering it and the contents were of
such a character as to permit of their
publication he should have a "scoop"
on it. This satisfied him and he went
away.
A little later I called up the telegraph
company and asked that the operator
in question should beJsent to the office
for a moment. In a few minutes he was
ushered In — a young:, bright faced fel
low, with plenty of color in his cheeks
and an air of suppressed excitement. I
only guessed that he felt his discovery
had been of value to the Government,
and he was to be rewarded in some
way. In reply to my question he de
tailed how he had received the mes
sage and how when it occurred to him
that it might be from one Spanish
agent to another he had surreptitiously
obtained a copy of it. The fact that it
bore no local address had made It
doubly suspicious, as it indicated that
it was to be called for.
"Didn't it occur to you to see if the
person to whom it was addressed was
registered In the office with delivery
directions?"
"No, sir."
"Well, if you had consulted your
company's books you would have dis
covered that I am 'John Ehlen,' and
that this is a Government message."
The poor fellow's face was a study
when he realized that he had held out
an official telegram and had turned it
over to a newspaper man. He appre
ciated the gravity of the offense in
violating his oath as an operator, and
felt that his position was as good as
gone, under circumstances that would
make it impossible for him to obtain
employment with any company. He
said nothing, but his eyes filled with
tears.
"Have you a family?"
"No, sir, but I am supporting my old
father and mother."
"Your motive was the best in the
world," I said finally, "but your meth
ods are open to criticism. Now, noth
ing shall be said to the company about
this, but if in the future you catch any
mysterious messages, just bring thsm
straight to me without intrusting them
to pny outsider. If your newspaper
friend had succeeded in translating this
message it might have been awkward
one of an hour.
If, however, the pace !s not exciting: the scenery
on the way Is; for, half-way up, the little train of an
engine and one carriage passes a windy shoulder of
the mountain between two sheer precipices. The
gauge of this line is 2 feet 7% inches, and some of
the gradients are 1 in 6%.
From the highest railway in England to the high
est in Europe Is a natural transition. This is the
Rigi Railway, which carries tourists to the summit
of the Rigi Kulm, 4472 feet above the sea.
An Indian line, the Darjeeling-Himalayan Railway,
Is one of the most remarkable in the world, and Is
also the highest, its Darjeeling terminus being situ
ated on a giddy eminence 8000 feet above the level of
the plains.
At many points it is possible to see the curves
By John E. WilKie, Chief of the United States Secret Service
for all of us."
This was quite true, for the message
in question detailed briefly, but com
pletely the capture of the Carranza. let
ter He gave me a grateful pressure of
the' hand and the incident was closed.
Apropos of ciphers, there were sev
eral employed by the Spanish. There
was a "figure" cipher, which we were
unable to translate, and there was an
other whose mystery we solved. This
was rather ingenious, and as simple as
it was e'ever. The day of the month on
which the communication was written
was the key. For instance, if the letter
was dated on the 6th, the sixth letter
of the alphabet, "f," was used in place
of "a " "g" instead of "b." and so on.
This gave a change for every day in the
"^Among the letters seized on the
steamer fPanama we found several in
which after completing what looked
like an ordinary, commonplace letter,
the author had written the secret in
formation between the lines in sympa-
Rtic Ink, which developed only on be
■ subjected to a temperature almost
h enough to scorch the paper. There
re a 1a 1 number of these from Mexico
suspected individuals in New Or
ns, relating to the purchase of sup
plies t6 be shipped to the open ports ; ...
Cuba, and up to the time that the
blockade was extended to include tne
whole island there was a large and con
stant movement of supplies from this
Some of the most delicate and inter
esting work of the department was that
Involving the "testing" of suspects.
Given a clever owrative. who could
speak Spanish !ike"a native, and the
right opportunity, it was moderate y
certain that within a comparatively
short time the subject of the investiga
tion could be induced to declare him
self There were a few cases, how
ever where the conditions were pecu
liar and the accomplishment of the task
decidedly difficult.
Strangely enfgh, the two best spies
to whom Lieutenant Carranza refers in
his more or less famous letter to his
uncle were not Spaniards. Both were
of English birtli and neither even spoke
Spanish. Both ar- dead— one destroyed
himself in prison and the other fell a
victim to deadly typhoid while incar
cerated in Fort McPherson. The cir
cumstances leading up to the arrest of
these men are interesting in that they
illustrate two widely different phases of
the work of the agents of the emer
gency force of the Federal secret ser
vice.
One of the first men employed in the
special investigation was ... young New
Yorker of tine family and excellent so
cial position. A long residence abroad
had given him a fluent command of
modern languages. He was the pos
sessor of much natural shrewdness, and
his courage was vnquestioned. He was
cent to Toronto immediately after the
departure of Senor Polo y Barnabe,
with instructions to keep headquarters
advised of the movements of the former
Minister's party, to look carefully after
those who might connect with them in
any way, and to do both without arous
ing suspicion. -
He was fortunate in securing a room
I adjoining hat occupied by Lieutenant
Carranza, and as there was a connect
| ing. door, against which the head of his
| bed was placed, he was beautifully
situated for his purpose. Early on the
morning of Friday, May 6, an earnest
conversation, this time in English, was
above and below from the train, no fewer than seven
tracks being visible at one place. The sharpest curves
ere at a place well named "Agony Point," where the
train on two occasions almost describes a circle in
its own length. One of the most striking features
of a Journey up the Darjeeling-Himalayan Railway
is the sharp transition from the burning heat of the
plains to the cold air and the snows of this great
height.
There is a "single line railway" now working in
Ireland.
The Listowel and Ballybunion Railway sounds like
the invention of some mad humorist; but such a place
as Ballybunion really exists.
It is a very popular seaside resort in the south
west of Ireland. The distance between this point
and the other terminus at Listowel is ten miles, and
being carried on In the lieutenant's
room. It lasted for an hour or more.
The lieutenant's visitor showed an in
timate knowledge of the American navy
and referred to his own services on the
Brooklyn.
Carranza first satisfied himself that
the man knew what he was talking
about, and then arranged for him to
go to Washington, where he was to
secure certain Information and forward
It to Montreal, for which point the for
mer Minister was to leave that after
noon. Instructions were given in the
use of the code for telegraphing, and
there was much further talk in a tone
too low to be understood; but the
stranger was finally heard to say,
"Then I am to write to this address in
Montreal?"
Carranza assented and our agent, be
lieving the visit was at an end, opened
the door and stepped into the hall. He
had timed his movements well, for Car
ranza was just bidding his visitor fare
well. Together the secret service man
and the stranger walked through the
hall, the former asking a light for his
cigarette as they passed down the
stairway. At the door they separated.
The suspect was shadowed to an ob
scure hotel, where it was ascertained
that he had registered as "Alexander
Cree," and that he was to leave the city
that evening.
That afternoon the following tele
gram in cipher was delivered to me:
"Young Southerner, Alexander Cree
of Hillsboro, I think, leaves for Wash
ington to-night. My height and build,
dark, small mustache, black soft felt
hat, black sack coat, black sailor tie,
somewhat shabby, evidently served on
Brooklyn; has intimate knowledge of
naval matters. Just had long inter
view with naval attache. He is to write
to Montreal."
The next morning arrangements were
made to "cover" incoming trains in
Washington, and by aid of the descrip
tion our man was picked out of the
crowd at the Baltimore and Ohio depo
there Is one intermediate station— that of Lisselton.
The system on which this railway Is worked Is called
the Lartigue Single Rail Elevated Hallway, and was
the invention of a French engineer.
This single-rail line, It should be explained at once,
is not a single-track railway, but actually has only
one rail for trains to run on. This rail Is supported
on iron trestle work at a height of three feet three
Inches from the ground, and the locomotive and car
riages are actually balance on it.
There Is nothing In Europe to compare with th©
extraordinary trestle bridges which carry American
railways over the deep gullies and precipitous creeks
found In many parts of the United States. They are
of rough timber construction, sometimes rising to a
height of 150 feet, and form a most complicated maze
of timbers.
with as much ease as if we had been
furnished his photograph. From the
moment of his arrival every movement
was watched. He was evidently fa
miliar with the city, for he asked no
questions in going about. One of his
trips included a call at the Navy De
partment, after which he returned to
his boarding-house, 916 E street, N. W..
where he remained for an hour or so,
going thence to the Postoffice, where he
mailed a letter. This was promptly
secured and taken to headquarters. It
bore the address "Frederick W. Dick
son Esq., 1248 Dorchester street, Mon
treal," and was as follows:
WASHINGTON, Saturday, May
7, IS9S.— A cipher message has been
sent off from the Navy Department
to San Francisco, directing the
cruiser Charleston to proceed to
Manila with 500 men and machinery
for repairs for Dewey. A long
cipher has been receivr-d from
Dewey at department at 3:30 p. m.
They are translating it now. Can
not "find it out yet. Have heard
important news respecting raovo
ments of colliers and cru.ser New
ark at Norfolk nuA-y yard, also
about the new Holland noat, as to
what they intend to do witn her,
and her destination. I shall go to
Norfolk soon to find important
news. My address will be Norfolk
House, Norfolk, Va., but shall not
go until Tuesday. Respectfully
yours, G. D., in haste.
This fully confirmed the suspicion
that he was a hired spy, and warranted
immediate action. As his offense was
a military one I laid the fact before the
Assistant Secretary of War and the
judge advocate general, with the result
that a military arrest was decided up
on. Captain Sage of the Eighth Artil
lery, with a corporal and one man, was
ordered to report to me at the Treasury
building, and" at 11 o'clock that night we
arrested the suspected man in his room.
We rather anticipated a lively time,
but much to my surprise he wilted
completely when I placed him under
arrest, and he was led away without
resistance. A search of the apartment
resulted in the seizure of partly fin
ished letters to the same address in
Montreal, and documents establishing
the identity of the prisoner as George
Downing, naturalized citizen and form
erly yeoman of the cruiser Brooklyn.
In one corner of a bureau drawer,
otherwise empty, I found a scrap of
letter paper, upon one side of which
the address in Dorchester street, and
on the other these words: "Slater's
Code. To send add 100; to receive sub
tract 100."
This was the key to the cipher he wag
to employ, the system being one in
which thousands of ordinary words ar
ranged alphabetically have fixed con
secutive numbers of five figures each.
In preparing a telegram under the
cipher indicated on the slip the desired,
word having been found in the list, one
hundred would have been added to ita
corresponding number, and the word
opposite the higher number thus ob
tained would have been used in the
cipher message. In translating the
cipher, after ascertaining the number
associated with the word on the mes
sage, the subtraction of a hundred
would disclose the figures opposite
which would be the real word desired.
. The evidence secured in Downing's
room, considered in connection with the
consultation with Carranza and the let
ter mailed to Montreal, would have
been sufficient to insure conviction, and
the prisoner evidently appreciated the
fact, for two days later he hanged him
self in his cell at the barracks. It may
be added that the Dorchester street
house had been rented furnished by a
Spanish agent the day before Senor
Polo left Toronto, but it was soon after
given up.
2526
SOCIETY
r ,HE past week has been marked
"nPW an unusual number o[ bridals.
THE sun shone brlshtlr. and there
by an unusual number of brfd
The sun shone brightly, ami there
was a plenitude of roses to (Trace
every one of the ceremonies The
•which were solemnized at noon
HUT E. Dooler and J*«*
dan officiated, assisted A bfS»v W FF aa B ther .
was attended by her cous£
Miss Mary Lucille Caldwell. L eutena n
Albert Key. V. S. N., the naval attache
to Japan, who is en route to his station.
was best man. The ceremony was fol
lowed by a breakfast at the home of the
s mother. Mrs. Frank v d*e.l
Zimmerman, 1321 Butter street Later in
the afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Cbllton left
for a southern trip. They will return to
this city prior to leaving for their luture
homo In Washington, D.^C.
A number of "delightful dinners were
Kiven last week. Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
fhat indefatigable, hostess, who Scarcely
lets a week pass without some, s-ort ut
lociaf entertainment, gave a delightful
dinner at her home on Broadwa
evening October 9, in honor or Colonel
'vofcott of the First Washington \ oiun-
The others entertained *?re: Miss
Romie Wallace, Miss Ethel Murphy
Mies Lillian FoUIb, Clarence FoMs a-nd
Edward M. Greenway.
Frederick A. Greenwood gave a dinner
party on Monday evening, complimentary
to Mr and Mrs. Morion Mitch
"Washington, D. C. Those Invited to meet
them were: The host's mother and sia
ter. Mrs. and Miss Greenwood, fa. -U-
Greenway and Donald de \ . Uruham.
Another delightful dinner was given on
"Wednesday evening by Mrs, Samuel U.
Murphy and Miss Ethel Murphy at their
home, corner of Pacific avenue and Pierce
street, to Mr. and Mrs. Samuel G. Buck
bee Mr. and Mrs. Horace D. Pillsbury,
Miss Hamilton, Claude Terry Hamilton
and Edward H. Sheldon.
»• ■ *
On Tuesday evening of the coming week
Mrs. A M. K. Heathcote will be married
to Lucius Allen Lewis at the home of
Mrs. Heathcote's mother, Mrs. Kittle.
Only about fifty or sixty guests will be
present. # # m
* • • •
The Misses Ethel and Carmen Moore
«were at The Hague for the coronation of
Queen Wllhelmina, They will visit Ant
werp, Paris and London, and axe expected
home in November.
The engagement has been formally an
nounced of Miss Lillie C. Morrison and
E. Bruce Elliott. The marriage will take
place in November and will be celebrated
with a "home wedding" at the residence
of the bride's father, 2025 Virginia street,
Berkeley. The young lady Is the second
daughter .of George H. Morrison of the
Northwestern Insurance Company and
•president of the board of directors of the
Odd Fellows 1 Home for Old People at
Thermallto. She received her education
In this city at the Irving Institute and
is much interested in literature and mv-
Bio Much of her time is devoted to Chris
tian work. , _, ...
The prospective groom is of English
birth and conducts the financial interests
of a well-known Oakland mercantile
establishment. . . .
Edward H. Sheldon has returned from
Bausalito, where he has been spending the
6U MYr r j 9e B. O Coghlan. wife of Captain
Coghlan. U. S. N., in command of the
cruiser Raleigh, of Rear Admiral Dewey's
fleet, Is visiting Captain John Berming
ham 741 Chestnut street. Mrs. Coghlan
w?IT 'spend some time In this cty and
.■will also visit friends at^ Mare Island.
Next Friday evening the Entre Nous
Club will inaugurate its winter season of
dances with a cotillon in Maple Hall. Pal
*CMrll0 Aaron Milton Burns and Miss
Burns hive Issued cards for a tea to be
Sven on Thursday, October 20 from 3 10
f o'clock, at their home, 1506 Washington
street. , ,
T ast evening a double wedding iook
sEs«fi£ m.rx saws
2nd Miss* B^le Aitken Hall; and Lieu-
A. who W™ also stationed at the Pre
eldio a few years ago, and Miss Alice
Appleton Green. # , ) ,
The bachelor contingent has been de
f:^rom"s^on s!-hr r oe d dcr left for New
Tork on Tuesday, en route to Europe.
wnere she- intends to put her two eldest
Ch jlir, re Henry "t' 0 Scott and her daughter
New York Scott, left on to Europe. ™'y
fheT will spend the winter mont hs M ss
vvifth Mcßfan accompanied them as far
MNewYonV She will officiate as brides
maid Yon of her school churns in the
East, returning in December.
Miss Therese Morgan returned on Mror
ftMenloPark She left a ain yesterday
for Santa Monica, where sne will bo the
? a Sin S °o nn n e % at the Hotel
Plea^anton for the winter and 111 re
ceive on Mondays in November and Jan
uary. : '»^'. .
Mrs W. B. Collier and Mr. and Mrs. A.
Macond'-av have taken apartments at
thSnotet Bella # Vlsta for the winter.
A pleasant outing was given to Leon a
HelgMs last Sunday by the Sunday Out
ing Club. The members present were
Miss May Irene Sullivan. Miss Edith
Eoyd. Miss Lillian Clay well. Miss Maude
Adams. Miss May Corbett .Miss Anna
Corbett. Miss Ada Weston, Miss Lottie
King, Miss Angela Crowley. Miss Gladys
Allen, Miss Natta Styll. Miss Cora Fay,
Albert Grey. Dr. Kingwell, Thomas Me-
Intyre, Albert E. Robet... J. M. Phelps,
Montague Hammond. H. Stephens, J.
White Clark, Robert Moore. Dr. , A..Mc T
Gulre, Tobln Bosqul and D. F. 1 Supple.
Mre. C. P. Keen© ana the Misses Rose
and Jeannette Keene have issued Invi
tations for a reception at their residence,
1515 Golden Gate avenue, October 30.
* • .. ■ *
The engagement is announced of Miss
Becky Rice, daughter of Mrs. B. Rice,
and J. L. Silverstein. They will receive
their friends Sunday, November 6. from
2 to 5 p. m.. at 1212 Buchanan street.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Meyer will celebrate the
twenty-fifth anniversary of their mar
riage "on Sunday, October 16, at their resi
. 224 Sixth street. Reception from
2 to 6 p. m. ,
The members of the Arlon Vereln will
rive a full dress ball at their rooms, 414
Pine street, Saturday, October 29.
• « *
Miss Elsie H. Liebes has moved to 1900
Pierce street and will receive the fourth
Wednesday in October and November.
Misa Mac Ellis Is visiting Mrs. Albert
Garr.-tt at HeaUlsburg.
Miss Jennette Draper entertained a
number of her friends last Monday even
ing at her home, 812 Twenty-second
street. Those present were: Miss Alice
Pengelly, MlssTSthel Farrell, Miss Clevle
Baxter. Mis.- Hazel Perrue of Oakland.
Miss Edith Lane, Miss Emma Bailey, Miss
Jennette Draper. Edward Kletzker, John
Davlson, Edward Lane.
• » •
Lieutenant Percy Thompson of the
United States steamer Rush and famllv
have taken rooms at the Hotel Lenox
for the winter.
A birthday party was given to the
twin children, Raymond J. and Madeline
M. Conaty, at the residence of their
father, Peter Conaty, 2827 Howard street,
October 8. The little ones spent a happy
evening- playing games, after which a
dainty little Bupper was enjoyed. Those
? resent were: The Misses Irene Glennon.
one Glennon, Myra, Helen and Alma
Doyle. Irene Slaven, Clara Carr, Rosie
Geconie, Julia Swoig. Irene C. Conaty,
Masters James P. Conaty, Cyril Doyle.
Joseph Gartland, Walter Carr, Thomas
Gartland and Allie Doyle. Among those
who helped to entertain the little ones
were: Mrs. William Glennon, Mrs. J. P.
Gartland, Miss Jessie T. Deering and
Miss Maggie Curran.
* * •
The wedding of Miss Louise E. Wa
ters of San Jose and William Maekie of
this city took place at the residence of
the bride's mother In San Josp Wednes
day, October 12. Only a few of the inti
mate friends of the family were present.
The parlors were beautifully adorned with
chrysanthemums and vines.
The groom Is connected with Arnold
& Constable of New York, and Is a prom
inent member of the Olympic Club, The
bride is the eldest daughter of Mrs. Mar
garet Watr-rs of San Jose, and was born
and reared in that city, where she has a
large circle of friends.
The ceremony was performed by the
Rev. Dr. Dinsmore of the First Presby
terian Church. There were no attend
ants.
The bride wore a tailor made gown of
navy blue cloth. After the ceremony an
elaborate wedding breakfast was served.
Mr. and Mrs. Mackie left on the 2:40
train for this city, where Mr. Mackie has
furnished a flat for his bride at the cor
ner of Devlsadero and Eddy streets.
The social season In San Jose was most
successfully Inaugurated Friday evening
by a dancing: party at the St. James Ho
tel. The patronesses were: Mrs. Ber
nard D. Murphy, Mrs. A. L. Veuve, Mrs.
H. M. Benson, Mrs. B. M. A. Howard.
Mrs. William P. Dougherty and Mrs. J.
H. Stark.
The hall was very attractive in its dec
orations of blue and wbite ribbon, which
hung in streamers from the center of Uie
ceiling to the side walls, where they ter
minated in large bows. The musicians
were partially screened by ferns and
potted plants, which were also placed at
intervals around the room and which
formed a perfect setting for the dainty
gowns of the ladles and the evening suits
of the men.
The dance commenced shortly before
9 o'clock, and from that time until after
midnight the scene was an animated one.
Those present were: Miss Ida Beermaker,
Miss Mary' Crosson.Will I.eet.Leo Arcln-r,
Robert Syer, Miss Louise Brassy, Miss
Mary Beermaker, Miss Jennie Owens,
Miss Agnes Carroll, Clementa Argues,
Jack Arrick. Dr. and Mrs. F. Gerlach.
Mr. and Mrs. Leroy Johnson. Miss Dora
Benson, Miss Blanche Breeden of Stan
ford, Miss Goldle Benson, Mrs. N. G.
Argues, Mrs. Clifford J. Owens, Miss Lo-
Ilta McGeoghegan. Miss Mary P. Car
roll, Miss Lyda Day. Miss Ltzzette How
ard, Miss Kate Jarman, Miss Nannie
Kelly, Frank Bourgingnon. Rene Brassy,
Bert Barker, Rue de Yoe, Alex Coner,
Miss Winnie McLaughlln, Miss Sibyl
Morehouse, Miss Anna Hardy, Wallace
Gelatt, Jack Halford, Frank Harkness,
Miss Tekla Pleper, Miss Olga Pieper,
Miss T,eonie Portal. Miss Minnie Phelps,
Miss Hattie Thomas, Miss Blanche Por
tal. Miss Mary Walter, Mrs. Crossen,
Mrs. Thomas, Mrs. J. B. Portal, W. fl.
Henry. Edgar Johnson. Al Jarman. Clar
ence'Keesling, MiBB Hattie Wilcox. Miss
Agnes Young. Miss Mamie Lewis, Miss
M;ir> W;l<'(.x. Ml*S Clara Wastlo, Tom
Lendrum. Duncan Lowe, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter O'Brien, Mrs. 11. M. Benson, Mrs.
H. V. Morehou.se, Mrs. A. L. Veuve, Mrs.
Milroy, Mrs. Frank Young, Miss Jose
phine" Colp. Miss Edith Koch. Miss Flor
ence Pearl. Henry MeComns. Scott Munn,
Roy Walter, Norman Kooser, Miss Alice
Bare, Miss Franc Milroy. Miss Delia
Beach, Miss Jessie Paulsell, Miss Clari
belle Batiee, Miss White of Oakland, Miss
Bessum Calwallader, Roy Phelps. Her
bert Thomas. Will Henry, Dr. Walton,
F.I Williams. George Rothormel, James
D Minor, Jain-s Treadwell. Henry Bas
co'm Karl Lehners, Roy Herrold. How
ard Bucknell, Carl Brown, Orvllle Pratt,
i "Phi I'm," Stanford.
On Tuesday evening, October 11. La
Viente Whist Club was entertained by
Miss Maud Folsom at her home, 1509
Jackson street.
After a very close prame Juss Mac Fol
som carried off the first price with a lead
of one point. P. H. Douglas won the
consolation prize.
Mrs Alfred Cohen has moved from
1510 to 1418 O'Farrell street. At home
Tuesdays.
Mrs Sol Getz of 507 Devisadero street
will receive the last Thursday of each
m< a'iie wedding of Miss Annie Simon and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, «^nAY. OCTOBEB 16, 1898.
Abe Volpin took place at the residence
of the bride's parents. 933 Post street,
Sunday, October 9. The parlors were
decorated with palms and choice flowers.
The ceremony was performed by Rev. ±i.
Samuelson.
The bride wore a gown of white or
gandie over white silk. Her veil ol
tulle was caught with a Bpray ol or
ange blossom. The attendants were sis
ters of the bride, Miss Bertha and Miss
Rose Simon.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Levy,
Mr. and Mrs. Nolnsky, Mr. and Mrs
Cowen. Mr. and Mrs. Rosenthal. Mr. and
Mrs. Cohen, Mr. and Mrs. Axelrod, Mr.
and Mrs. t>..verstein, Mr. and Mrs. Max
Schlck, Mrs. Dora Schick. Mr. and Mrs.
B. Simon, Mr. and Mrs. Steinberg. Mr.
and Mrs. Sterling. Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs,
Mr. and Mrs. Silverberg, Mrs. N, Liins
berg, Mrs. Solomon, Mrs. B. "Wizzan, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Simon, Mr. C. Samuels. Mr.
Zeilger, th- Misses Novinsky. the Misses
Axelrod, Miss S. Lansbcrg. Miss B. SU
verberg. Miss T. Sterling, the Misses Si
mon Messrs. H. Rosencrantz. F. Costa,
H. Cohen. I. Cohen, B. Silverberg. IS.
Silverberg, Jack Simon and D. Simon.
• • •
THE Saturday Fortnightly Cotillon
Club held Its first meeting Sat
urday evening, October 8, at Gold
en Gate .Hall. The german was
led by Mr. Teller of Alameda and
Miss Laura Farnsworth. Th© club
Is under the management of Miss Alyo
Miller and is composed of members of
the younger set, whOgSriU not make their
formal debut Into society until next year.
The patronesses are; Mrs. John F. Merrill,
Mrs E P. Farnswnrth. Mrs. W. J. Dttt
ton and Miss Mary B. "West. Dancing
commenced at half-past 8 o'clock and
was kept up until nearly midnight.
* • •
Mr. and Mrs. Adam Andrews have re
turned from New York and have rented
the residence of Crittenden Thornton on
Pacific avenue.
William G. Irwin, the banker, of Hono
lulu, has taken a lease of the Blair resi
dence on Van Ness avenue*, corner of
Bush street, where his family will spend
the winter.
Mrs. Blair, Miss Blair and William S.
Blair have taken rooms at the Hotel
Savoy until later, when they will leave
on a long European tour.
The wedding of Lieutenant Harry Fred
erieh Rethers, U. S. A., and Miss Maude
Hathaway Lee, daughter of Major Jesse
M. Lee, L. S. A., will take plate next.
Wednesday at the home of the bride's
father at Madison Ba,rracks. New York.
The groom is a graduate ot' the State
University at Berkeley and enlisted as a
private at the Presidio. He was rapidly
promoted, being made a second lieuten
ant before he started for Cuba, and was
subsequently promoted to a lirst lieuten
ancy. He is a brother of Dr. Theodore
Rethers, assistant surgeon of the !■ nsi
California Volunteers, who went to Man
ila on the first expedition.
Miss Maud Lardner of San Francisco is
the guest of the Misses Nichols at their
home in Saai Rafael.
Miss May Hoffmann left last Wednes
day for Philadelphia., where she will re
main all winter.
♦ • •
The Sans Soucl Whist Club held its
first meeting at the residence of the
Misses Robinson, 2711 Octavia street, .on
Friday evening, October 7. After a closely
contested game the prizes were won by
Miss Carrie Short and Harry White. The
club consists of the following officers and
members: President, Arthur Ambler;
secretary and treasurer, Grace A. Robin
son; Miss Carrie Snort, Miss Grace Boree,
Miss Alice Ambler, Miss Sadie Robinson,
Mrs. F A. Nippert, Charles Matthey,
Henry Shermund, H. R. White, Dr. E. D.
Keefe and A. G. Schmidt.
Miss Viola Raphael of 1274 O'Farrell
street will be at home the second and
third Thursdays.
Dr. and Mrs. A. \V. Travers of 1170 Mar
ket street have returned from their trip
to New York and other Eastern cities.
Mr. and Mrs. Bernhard Shapiro have
moved to their new residence, 1811 Brod
erick street. Mrs. Shapiro will be
pleased to F« >r - her friends the second
Wednesday of the month.
• • *
A very interesting family gathering took
place last Sunday at the residence of
Mrs. Trowbrldge in Napa, the occasion
being tho christening of the infant son
of her daughter. Mrs. I'.ulpp. Tho -water
with which the infant was blessed came
from the River Jordan, having been taken
from that historic stream by Mrs. Gen
eral Qrant during her travels and pre
sented long ago to the Trowbrldge fam
ily. The Rev. R. Wylie officiated, the
sponsors being Dr. J. W. Hostetter and
Miss L. Hattie Trowbridge. After the
ceremony the guests, numbering forty,
wore invited into the spacious dining
room, where a sumptuous repast was
served.
• * *
Miss Delphine I^ieber and Rudolph Levl
will be married at Brentwood to-day.
Mrs. O. L. Fest of 1616 Turk street has
just returned from a month's visit to
Fresno and Oleander, and will resume
Tuesday as her day at home.
Miss Hattie Brownstone' and her niece,
Camille Lasky, are visiting relatives in
the South.
* • »
Miss Adellna Cereghlno has returned
home after a month's visit at Pescadero,
where she was the guest of Miss Minnie
Montevaldo.
The Emanon Cotillon will give their
first party on Friday evening, October
21, at Hlnman's Hall, Howard and
Twenty-first streets. <
The engagement is announced of Mrs.
Ida Wise to Mr. Charles C. Philips. They
will be pleased to see their friends Sun
day, October 30, at 1401 Van Ness avenue
from 2 to 5. . , ty , o
Miss Minnie Montevaldo will spend tne
winter in San Francisco as. the guest oi
Miss Adelina Cereghino.
• • *
A delightful birthday party was ten
dered Miss Lillian O'Connor at: the resi
dence of her parents, 561 Natoma str eei.
Sunday evening, October 2. The evening
was spent in dancing, music and S*™*:*-
An elaborate supper was served at " a ""
past 11, after which dancing was re
sumed. Those present were: Josl Viiiv
Tillie Waiters, Ella Barret, RoHe A J^. 1 i y '
Kittie Hogan, Estelle GiHogley, Ma me
Connolly, Magpie Connolly. Kittie KUW"
ston, Tessie Glnney, Nellie Brown. L.ivan
O'Connor, Josie Mulcare. May Brown. Aia>
Mulcare, Ellen Hansen. May Barret, Miss
McMahon. Miss Callahan. Sophie Moi
rin, Mamie Kenney, Gertrude
Mary O'Connor, J. Beasly, W. "ton.
Jack Hackenbrook, Eugene Lacy. -vi.
Healy, Jack Kaating, James Boge. Rich
ard Lalor, Charlie O'Connor, Top Con
nolly, Willie Millerick, Lester <-oghian.
Mike Scanlan, Fred Scanlan, Edward
Murphy, Dan Hughes. -Bert Leary. Tom
Kenney, Mr. Chambers, George O Connor.
John O'Connor, Mr. and Mrs. Butters and
Mr. and Mrs. O'Connor.
* * *
Mrs. Hart and Miss Maude R. Hart of
2325 Bush street spent . their vacation at
their country residence in Ben Lomona,
Santa Cruz County. . . .
A pleasant whist party was given last
Tuesday evening by Miss May Dowiinj,
at her residence. 413 Oak street, to arew
of her young friends. There were three
tables, and the first prize, a handsome
hand-painted bonbon dish, was won by
Miss Ston* while the booby prize feu to
Mr. Hall. Those present were Miss Katn
ryn Stone. Miss May Reget, Miss Ethel
Wilson. Miss May Netterville, Miss Sadie
Whitney, Miss May Dowling. Albert Fox.
George Richardson, Clarence Hall. I' rea
Eaton, Robert Scott and Walter Kingsley.
Miss Grace Fortune and Louis Boukof
skv were married last Sunday at the
residence of the bride's sister, Mrs Veno.
The ceremony was performed by the Key.
J. E. Scott. Miss Lola Fortune acted as
bridesmaid and Frank C. Reynolds as
best man. Mr. and Mrs. Boukofsky left
for a honeymoon trip to Los Angeles.
* • *
A very pretty wedding was that of Miss
Anna Durner and Dr. U. G. Windell, a
prominent physician of Chicago.
The ceremony took place at high noon
on Tuesday, September 20. at the Epis
copal church in Benicia. The groom, at
tended by Charles Durner. awaited the
bridal party at the chancel. Promptly at
12 o'clock, to the strains of the "Lohen
grin" bridal chorus, the wedding- party
entered, escorted by F. Devlin andG. Hol
liday. Little Miss Evelyn Phillipson. a
niece of the bride, dressed in forget-me
not blue, carried a white satin cushion on
which rested the ring. She wag followed
by the bridesmaids, Miss Lillian Phillip
son and Miss Zoe Durner, in white or
gandie over pale yellow.
The maid of honor. Miss Emma Mc-
Cracken. preceded the bride, who entered
upon the arm of her father.
The bride was attired In a beautiful
gown of white Ottoman silk and chiffon
with a veil fastened by orange blossoms.
She carried bride roses.
The service was read by the Rev. Mr.
Aftex^he wedding breakfast Dr. and
Mrs. Windell left for Chicago where a
beautiful home await? the bride.
Among th.- guests were Mr. and Mrs.
Harrison Houseworth. Professor^ Bruck,
Miss Alice Chase. Miss Emma McCraoken.
Mr. and Mrs. Hertzbrun. Frank Devlin.
i Grant Holliday. G. A. Durner, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Durner. the Misses Zoe and
Rose Durner, Mr. and Mrs. Phillipson.
the Misses Lillian. Irene and Evelyn
Phillipson. Mr. and Mrs. A. Da ton Sr
Mrs Gerrish, Charles Gerrish, Miss Julia
Hughes Mr. and Mrs. Cowley, Miss Ida
Cowley and Miss Hewitt.
A Bud's
Gossip.
. EAREST MARGUERITE: If I
were you, Peggy dear, I would
Dnot write to Genevieve Goad, for
■ words are such miserable outlets
Kfor the feelings. She will appre
the delicacy of silence I am sure.
and I, Peg. who have known Gene
slnce our doll days, must bo careful
lo add another drop to her cup of
u v r, which is full to overflowing. If
the Goads received half the people who
come to offer consolation, which is more
often sugar-coated curiosity, Genevieve
would be. inundated with crocodile tears.
Genevieve will never permit herself to
b« slobbered over, I am sure. This trou
ble may have bent her spirit for a mo
ment, but it has not broken it. A few
months and she will be the Genevieve of
old— of that lam certain.
Of all the girls in our set there is no
one whom I admire more than Genevieve.
It is not her beauty that attracts me. I
like her for her fearlessness and because
she has never lost her personality.
I must tell you something cheerful. Oh,
yes. the Moody wedding. Although I did
not go myself^ as only the most intimate
friends of the family were invited, I hear
from all sides that it was a most charm
ing affair, the bride looking very pretty
and very, very happy. I suppose Mat!
Moody will have a sort of dislocated feel
ing now that hor twin sister has been
taken away from her for "better or
1 had two letters from Manila this week,
one from Gerald Rathbone and another
from Emery Smith. Addle Dibble came
in Just as I was reading them, and as
she had just received a letter from
Marie M> sser. we had a little letter-read
ing seance. Marie is having such a good
time that she has not found time to
write so Addie kindly shared h<>r letter
with the girls who have not been favor
ed by Marie as yet.
I was invited to several theater par
ties this week, but didn't accept. Xes
terday afternoon, though, the girls
dragged me, a willing captive, to see the
"Dancing Girl." It is getting quite the
thing for a number of girls to go to the
m.-itinee on Saturday afternoons. In fact
I think the "matinee girl" would revive
wr-re there any leading man here at
whos«» altar she could burn incense, but
Frawley! I saw dozens of the girls in
pain and collectively scattered all over
the house. Marie Oge looked particularly
stunning in a close fitting gray gown
with a violet stock and a bunch of vio
lets bringing out the shades of her eyes.
Douglass Mcßride called last night, but
THE FALL
ART^EXHIBITION
Contlnued From Page Twenty-eight.
skill that together promise future great
ness for this young man.
M. Chapel Judson has a strong and mas
terful piece of painting in "The Coming
Storm." and his "Unreconciled" Is very
tender and pathetic. ,
" One of the finest things in the collection
is "The Horseshoer,", by Joseph M. Ra
phael. This young man received his train
ing at the School of Design and is a great
credit to the institution. : A blacksmith
shop is always an | attractive subject and
Mr Raphael has handled it admirably.
Mrs. Mary Curtis Richardson is ably
represented in a very ■ effective, piece of
portraiture. Her work is - always con
scientious, her. drawing correct, her. col- .
oring beautiful and her brushwork the
envy of the students.' . _
One of the finest canvases; in the ex
hibition, entitled "The Alma," is by Miss
Julia Hevneman. It represents a beau
tiful young woman, fall of character, we
poised and well drawn-the color of which
fairly sings. : This » study ;is well set in .
a very interesting old frame— a feature of.
a : picture that deserves a passing notice
for 'so frequently pictures are ruined by
'XpTtraW^ch'ild by the same artist
also deserves ; careful . study. £ ; ■ ; .'* ,;.
Some interesting portraits in oil are
signed by Henry Raschen, Joseph D.
Strong, John W. Clawson. Aaron Altmann
and Oscar Kunath. while in miniature
nalntlng there are some dainty things in
Jvorv by Mr. Kunath. Misses Carrie Cal
lahan. Nettle W. King and Adelaide Hans- .
com. Miss Carrie Caflahan, Mrs. Chitten
den, : and Mr. r Clawson f show ■ good ex- ;
amples of pastel portraiture, while Miss
Caroline Rixford, : • and r Mrs. Genevleve
Sargent show two > very interesting full
length figures. . .' , •
Mrs. Alice B. Chlttenden shows a large
canvas of brilliantly colored roses and a .
study of California poppies that are very
strong and effective.- ,; . ''." ! :':■ '■ - 
• Miss Josephine after a long ab- ;
as I was fI?M.n g a deadlj combinatlo^of
■■i
bel down to entertain him. inen^
thought it would be a good cna
We shall a" ■»'»» ""T 1 .tSF.S^v m»™
boys have set sail there that we will soon
S^e* %' u^fo^e T a l\leZyX
«on itself, and there are those who say
!Kf fi®
story, Lovingly your 3, A McFLIMSEY .
The /tfong Qirls
of Honolulu.
Admiral Dewey was greatly disap
pointed at the failure of the Monadnock
U? arrive before August 13. and it is said
that he demanded an explanation from
Whiting. The court which is making the
Inquiry convened on the Baltimore to
day and will be in session for several
days -The Monadnock did not arrive here
until' August 16. and the cause of her
tardiness was her long stay at Honolulu,
and the fact that the Hawaiian capital
is the home of Whiting's family has ex
cited considerable comment adverse to
him.
CAPTAIN ■ WHITING has been a
prominent figure in the navy ever
since his marriage to Etta Afong,
one of the thirteen daughters of a
Hawaiian mother . and the wealthy
Chinese merchant Mr. Ah Fong, who
amassed a fortune in Honolulu and
then returned to China to enjoy his
money amid the scenes and associa
tions of his earlier youth. These asso
ciations, be it said, comprised a couple
of wives; but all his daughters were
in the isles of Hawaii.
One day, about five years ago, Cap
tain Whiting sailed into the pretty lit
tle harbor of Honolulu and met his
fate. Etta Afong was then a pink
cheeked, almond-eyed bud, and Cap
tain Whiting was a gray-haired, pomp
ous, worldly wise gentleman of years
and experience.
Several of the Afong girls had mar
ried and all were married well, but the
Afongs have always loved the officers
and their girlish hearts swelled with
pride when Etta married into the navy,
and a commodore at that. And the
world at large, and the navy in particu
lar, wondered what effect this match
would have on Captain Whiting's posi
tion and how much of a pull at Wash
ington would remain to him.
The Pensacola navy yard was Cap
tain Whiting's first shore duty. This
has never been considered a desirable
post. It is small, and the society is
limited. The color line is strongly
drawn, and Mrs. Whiting's brunette
charms of blended Hawaiian and Chi
nese tints were not admired in this
Southern post. Later the Whitings
went North, and were stationed near
Port Townsend. Here society was of
some range, and if there were any
lines drawn nobody ever suspected it.
The Hetheringtons, of a notoriety
that extended from China, north,
south, east and west as far 'as the
latitude and longitude would allow,
were established here, and besides
there was a lieutenant who was on the
verge of a court martial, and a pay
master who was being sued for a di
vorce by his wife on grounds not com
plimentary to the paymaster. A third i
naval light at this post had run off
with another man's wife, and the Whit
ings completed this circle that the pen
of a Bret Harte alone might convert
into virtues reminiscent of the char
acters in "The Luck of Roaring Camp."
Then Captain Whiting went to sea in
command of the Monadnock. and at
last he came to Honolulu on his way to
Manila. ..
The day after he arrived here the
officer on watch reported a boat along
•ls Willie on board?" called up two
or three girlish voices in chorus.
"Willie? Who's Willie?" questioned
the officer, as he gazed down at a boat
load of girls in spotless, snowy muslins
and gay ribbons. .
"Brother Willie," cried the girls.
As the officer looked puzzled and tried
to recall a William from wardroom,
steera.ee or in the sailor's quarters, the
■^SSTTS know Willie-Willie
"Go downstairs and tell Captain
Whiting that there are some young la
dies here asking for him," said the of
ficer, turning to an orderly.
"Sir," said the orderly, with sepul
i chral solemnity, as he saluted the
dignified Captain Whiting, "Sir, there
are eleven girls outside asking for
•Willie' Whiting."
The Hawaiian Islands are now won-
I dering if Captain Whiting's sisters-in-
I law made Honolulu so attractive to
; him that he could not tear himself
away. However, It is generally be
lieved here that Captain Whiting will
clear himself and be able to explain
satisfactorily the cause of his pro
longed stay in Honolulu.
And still the Afongs flourish in the
land of their birth, and they marry off
as they grow up with a oneness or
purpose unknown to the new woman.
At a large reception to the army and
navy given by ; Minister and Mrs. Da-
sence, returns to us with a delightful
study of roses that are very suggestive of
springtime, soft breezes and sweet odors.
Mrs 11. Hutchcraft Hill, a Los An
eeUs artist, shows some unusually strong
work in still life and two landscapes,
while Miss Mary C. Brady gives a very
good example of the real impressionistic
school. Her work is very clever indeed,
showing some hold handling and luminous
coloring. This picture will doubtless at
tract considerable attention from the ar
tists.
Harry Stuart Fonda exhibits a pleasing
figure composition in "The Nativity," be
sides showing a number of lanscapes, and
Mrs. Bertha Stringer Lee shows three
good studies. Her "Porch of the Court
house in Monterey" is very effective.
Mrs. Mary T. Menton. besides showing
one of her charactertlstic grape studies,
exhibits a number of very Interesting
landscapes.
Several unusually attractive pastel and
water color studies are signed by Miss
Blanche Letcher.
Sydney Yard exhibits some very able
water colors. Other pleasing products
are signed by such familiar names as
Nora G. Cashin. Pauline Dworzazek,
Miriam Weeks, Eda Smitten. Kate C.
Thompson, Amy B. Dewing, Mary C.
Crouch, C. Vivian. C. Roundey, M. de
Neale Morgan, Clara E. Curtis, John
Gamble and L. P. Latimer.
Some very strong pen and ink work is
signed by Maynard Dixon, Granville Red
mond and Robert Edgren, while that of
Robert T. McKee has an unusual artistio
quality.
Robert I. Aiken, the young sculptor, is
another talented student of the Scuool
of Design. His three contributions,
"Grief," "Wounded" and the "Spirit of
the Rock." not only testify to his fine
training, but as well to his own artistic
spirit.
The exhibition will be open during the
day and every Thursday evening for five
weeks. KATHERINE M. BALL.
mon at their country place Maunalua
on October 1. the Afong girls were out
in full force. Alice, Carrie, Bessie,
Martha and the rest had each a string
of officers following; the army is just
as appreciative of the Afongs as was
ever the navy.
With swells from New York, blue
THE LIVE GIRL AND
THE DEAD MAN'S SKIN.
Continued From Page Seventeen.
human creature, a man and a brother,
dropped from my hand, and I put my
handkerchief to my lips.
"Smells bad. don't it?" said the man,
picking it up. "It does even when it's
well tanned. You can't get the smell |
out of it. We made up a handsome j
thing ihe other day in a coin purse. It |
was a good deal the color of this piece |
of hogskin. a light yellow and smooth
as your hand. But it had that same
awful stench to it." He dropped his
voice. "It ain't like the smell of other
leather. It smells dead."
"That's it " said the workman behind
him "I ain't stuck on handling It."
-We ain't any of us," said his em
ployer, "especially when it's brought
"<A— a— ah!" I said, edging toward the
door. ..
"Yes. ma'am. It's taken off some
times three or four days after, you
know, and then it's left lying around
maybe, and by the time we get it it s
hardly fit to be worked on, and then, or
course, it don't make a good piece of
leather. It's liable to wrinkle and take
a dull color. I'm sorry I haven't got
that light yellow to show you if you're
set on having something. This"— and
he tossed the piece "with the fur on"
back on the work table— "this don't do
It Justice."
"Was it ordered by a man?"
"Yes, but it was intended for a lady,
I guess," he added, looking at me.
"You're changing yo-ur mind about
wanting that belt?"
"No," I said, truthfully enough, "I
am not."
"Well," he said, slowly, "I wouldn t
want any human skin round me."
"Nor me, either," said the work
man.
"Women," continued his employer,
"can stand more than men."
• • • • •
The foul breath from the dissecting
room rushed out and gripped me by the
throat. Through the swinging door
came frightful glimpses of that to
which we all must come if spared by
fire and worm. I saw my friend, the
medical student, bending over the cad
aver of a man. He had a very small
scalpel in his hand and I watched him
slowly and laboriously removing with
it the skin that covered the right leg.
This right leg belonged to him. He
had bought it for ten dollars— the price
of an extremity. I bought it from him
for the same price. He very civilly
offered to give it to me, with the time
i it would take him to skin it, but as he
had already explained to me that after
skinning the leg would be practically
; useless to him for dissecting purposes—
i because he was dissecting nerves an
inch at a time— l as civilly refused. My
story was no news to him.
"This isn't the first leg I've skinned
for the same purpose," he said. "Legs
make the best belts. You can take the
skin right around the waist, but then
you have to cut into one of the other
extremities, and that's more expense.
So we take the leg. See," he showed
me the stretch of skin about the thigh,
"that's big enough for- any girl's waist."
"Do you think any girl would wear
it?" I asked.
"Well plenty would and plenty do.
Smart girls, too. They stand in line
and beg for it."
My brain began to sing:
And smart girls stand in a line and beg
For the skin that's stripped from a dead
man's leg.
My will had nothing to do with it.
PENDENT JEWELS From the FINGER, NJJILS
IS T.HE LATEST FJID.
Solitaire diamond pendants from the finger nails is the newest fad
In wearing Jewels. The bizarre fashion was originated by Titenia, the
dancer, whose hand is photographed above. The finger nails are worn
a trifle long, a hole pierced in each one, and the gold wire loop upon
■which the diamond is fastened run through the opening.
blood from Philadelphia, college gradu
ates from Boston and men from every
State in the Union among us, who can
tell what country will be a stranger to
the Afongs? Captain Whiting, a trav
eled man of the world, alive to his rank
and position, ambitious for advance
ment, has set the example.
By Alice Rix.
My friend, the medical student, cut and
pulled and talked and slange<!
laughed and sometimes whistled— f>r,
as all the world knows, medical stu
dents are the merriest of men.
And smart girls stand—
"It's best to cut down the front, be
cause then you mis? the callous on the
knee," he said; "although some don't
mind the little roughness in the
leather."
For the skin that's stripped—
"You see, the fat all comes off with
the skin and has to be cut away after
ward. Thick, Isn't it? This subject
is thin, too. Take a fat man and the
skin from his leg would be twice as
thick"—
For the skin that's stripped from a dead
man's leg.
"Take a look at it! You wouldn't
know it was human. - Make you ill?
Here!" Don't faint! Come out in the
air a minute" —
From a dead man's leg. , •.<*•
man's— leg. ', )"j»s"
• • • Tid&iiSE
WAITING FOR
THEIR PROPHET
The Druses, the most mysterious re
ligious sect in the world, are now ex
pecting the coming of the prophet they
worship, the Hakim.
The war between China and Japan
and the threatened dismemberment of
the vast empire of the Orient were
events long ago prophesied by the
Druse priests. The first prophecy has
been fulfilled, the second will be ere
long, and then El Hakim will return in
In the land of Bashan, Mount Leba
non, Northern Syria, and In -very prov
ince of China his followers are praying
and watching for him.
In the tenth century El Hakim suc
ceeded to the throne of Egypt. Then
he was a murderer, an assassin and a
despot. When he comes again he will
be hailed as a god. For nearly nine
hundred years his followers have had
their religious meetings every Thurs
day evening, and yet have preserved
such secrecy that the world knows
nothing of their belief. Fabulous sums
were offered in vain for one leaf of the
book of their faith, and vet not a Druse
could be found who would listen to the
Pr E?°Hakim, the self-appointed, had an
interesting career. He began his reign
by the assassination of his sister. One
of his pranks was to cause several hun
dred Egyptian women to enterapublc
bath and then order them walled in to
P T S faVorite pastime with him was to
have women sewed up in bags and
thrown into the Nile. Yet after his
death El Druzi, a man of ability,
espoused his cause and wrote the Druse
scriptures. He bequeathed his name -to
the followers of El Hakim.
But because he tried to exalt himself
he was compelled to flee from the wrath
of his converts. He hid in an oven,
where some women, coming to bake
bread and indignant at his apostasy,
roasted him alive.
The fanatical followers of the Egyp
tian king are brave and loyal. In the
still hours of the night they meet to
worship. When they go forth their lips
are sealed. All that is known of their
religion is that they believe El Hakim
was God incarnated; that he had ap
peared nine times before, under nine
different names; that his appearance in
Egypt was the last time he will come
to earth as a man.
The most devout Druses are now in
China. It is among them El Hakim
will make his triumphant appearance.Latest Swallow-Jail
JACKETS
FOR FALL WEAR.
r] to The Sunday tall.
LL the world loves a lover, but
1 Y\ the world's wife is more inter-
A LI. the in the wedding trous
the world's wife is more inter
ested in the wedding trous-
I \\ seau. It Is not that she loves
a lover less, but that she loves
pretty gowns more. To the bride her
self the wedding gown is of secondary
importance, but to her friends, par
ticularly her bridesmaids, the gowns for
the occasion are the cause of many
■o.ixlous hours.
Since wedding bells are scheduled to
peal merrily and often this winter,
there will be sufficient bridal finery to
meet the demands of beauty-loving
femininity.
The first wedding notes to ring out
on the October air wore for Miss Eva
Moody. The keynote to the wedding
simplicity. Nevertheless the guests
were attired in very smart gowns, ;tnd
the bride and bridesmaids, whose gowns
I am going to describe, were as charm
ing as the most charming.
To call a gown a "creation" Ims be
eume so hackneyed that it carries very
little weight. That is the only reason
that I do not use it, for certainly Miss
Moody*B wedding gown was not only
artistic, but refreshingly original. Of
all gowns that tax the modistes, in
yenuity the wedding gown is the most
trying. For it must be along conven
tional lines to satisfy fashion's a<
and the materials used are seldom be
coming to young brides. Although this
wedding gown was heavj du<
satin, yet a very soft effect was ob
tained by cutting the bodice de<
The yokes and sleeves were of the
finely shirred, and the neck and
gleaming through this transparent ma
terial gave the gown the srirlish look
that most wedding gowns lack.
i'nderneath a niche of white tulle
■ graceful bowknot of ;
: i\ie. The center of the bowknot
< aught up with a diamond bi
: than this the bodice was bare of
ornamentation.
The skirt was of white satin, demi
train and bo cut that while there was
an inch of unnecessary fullness at
the top it was very wide at the bot
tom. A bowknot of the same exquisite
point applique that was used on the
bodice gracefully outlined the front
panel of the skirt. One end of the bow
knot was caught at the waist line and
the other end was artistically draped
across the bottom of the front breadth
and caught down the other side of the
panel, finally • falling over the
demi-train.
The bowknot on the skirt harmonized
with the smaller one on the bodice and
was caught up with bunches of orange
blOßSoma. The point applique used for
the bowknots was a family heirloom.
Next to the bride's dress in point of
Interest came the gown of the maid of
Miss Mac Moody as maid of honor
wore a charming gown of dotted
mousseline de soie. The skirt was cut
demi-train and was ruffled from the
The front was cut apron effect
and ornamented with a bowknot of
narrow white satin ribbon. The bodice
was cut decollete, with the yoke and
sleeves of the mousseline de soie very
fnely corded. The apron effect of the
skirt was carried out for the front of
the bodice and tiny ruffles of the mou
seline completed the effect.
The bridesmaids. Miss Bernice Drown,
Miss Eva Madden and Miss Bertha
Dolbeer, were gowned exactly alike and
looked very winsome and dainty. The
skirts were of green taffeta, cut very
close over the hips and entirely covered
with white pompadour mousseline. The
pompadour mousseline comes in pat
terns and has a deep border that gives
the effect of an over-flounce.
Tiny pink rosebuds were scattered
over this mousseline and the border
was of the same coloring. The green
taffeta underneath gave the skirt the
appearance of a sheath of green sup
porting- the flowerlike bodice. The bo
dice was also of green taffeta and the
white pompadour mousseline embroid
ered in pale pink buds was laid over
it in soft surplice folds. This surplice
like effect is going to entirely supplant
the blouse effects of lost winter.
While none of these gowns that I
have just described are unduly elabor
ate, they, nevertheless, require an art
fest's touch in the making, and the ma
terials, while they are soft, are never
theless very expensive.
Brides who must economize should
show a great deal of discretion in the
selection of the wedding gown. To be
married in the traveling gown may be
very sensible, but it does not appeal to
most women. But even if white is
worn, it can be inexpensive and can be
Judiciously planned for future use.
Satin is undoubtedly very pretty for
the foundation, but it is -always expen
sive, and white taffeta can be pur
chased for almost half the cost of satin.
The overdress may be chiffon, mousse
i any soft material that is not too
costly. i"se no laces unless you are
fortunate enough to possess some real
Have the gown made the essence
of simplicity, and it is bound to be
Eschew a long train and do
en attempt to demi-train unless
you are sure of your dressmaker's ca
.-. and surer of your own ability
to handle it. For a miscut or mishan
dled train is a hideous deformity to an
otherwise pleasing appearance.
It Is wise to have the gown made
with two waists, one high and one de
rollete, so that the same gown can do
duty at a formal affair, where full dress
is required, and will also be appropriate
Cor nn informal affair.
A pretty wedding gown can be made
of the inexpensive silk crepes and by
using this material the necessity of a
silk foundation is done away with. A
white glace silk can be used and the
overdress of chiffon can be dispensed
with. The cost of the wedding gown is
thus greatly reduced.
A very pretty white glace silk gown
was worn at a recent wedding. The
skirt had a tlounce of chiffon and an
accordion {Heated chiffon sash edged
with narrow chiffon ruffles. The bodice
was of the silk laid in soft folds with a
yoke and sleeves of tucked chiffon.
Another style of white glace silk
gown is trimmed with very narrow
ruffles of the same, has a sash and body
of mousseline, the folds drawn across
and fastened under the left shoulder
seam. This is a very graceful design
and one that does not take a great deal
<>f material.
The veil and orange blossoms are
usually appendages of the wadding
frown, although they are sometimes
dispensed with.
The bridesmaids should be gowned
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
SOME OF THE LATEST PARIS CAPES.
simply and should make a harmonious
color background to bring out the
whiteness of the bride's apparel.
LATEST
PARIS JACKETS.
Special to the Sunday Call.
PARIS. Oct. 6.— The cool October
breezes have brought in their wake
the new fall jackets. They In no
wise resemble the modes that have
prevailed during the summer, and still
less are they like those that were worn
last fall.
The very latest thing is the "swallow
tail coat." It is modeled closely after
the masculine "swallow-tall," and a jabot
of lace or mousseline de sole takes the
place of the stiff shirt front. The jack
et may be closed at the front, and it is
then trimmed with reveres orna
mented with braid to give the jacket a
dressy air.
Box coats, cut after the "swallow-tail."
are going to be rather popular, although
the close-fitting jactets look more trim.
The redlngotes are cut with straight
fronts, but tit close into the curves of the
figure at the back. The high Medicis col
lar is usually trimmed with a bias band
of stiched cloth. The Bleeves are close
fitting. The bottom of the coat is cut
in a rounding point. The smartest of the
redingotes envelop the entire figure,
showing but a glimpse of the front of the
gown underneath.
Army jackets are not as popular on
this side of the ocean as they are on
yours. Those that are worn here are not
strictly according to army rules and reg
ulations. They are cut long, and the
broad, heavily stitched belt is fastened
at the front with a huckle. The top of
the sleeves and the edges have the strap
finish.
Capes are worn within twelve Inches of
the bottom of the gown. They are
trimmed with from one to three frills of
the same material. Some of these gar
ments show another shorter cape of a
different material, but shaped like the
under cape. Golf and shawl capes are
etill worn, but the new patterns are very
much longer.
For capes designed to show the gown
there are dressy little collets of velvet
and mousseline de sole. They reach a
bit below the waist line and are fashioned
in a rounding point at the back. This
length garment 1b the only one that short
women should affect. The long redin
gotes or capes are designed only for tall
women. A petite woman in one of these
1b a subject for a cartoonist.
NEW IDEAS
IN DRESS.
C C FASHIONABLE WOMAN," In
Jl \\ the Englishwoman, writes:
Jl *\ "The latest idea is to button
your skirt down the back. How
does this appeal to you? It will certainly
have the advantage of obviating any pos
sibility of the open placket hole, which
too often reveals the inharmonious corset
and unattractive petticoat. As a matter
of fact. I have no right to find fault at
the moment with the petticoats and stays
of the Egiishwoman. We have undoubt
edly improved vastly in such matters, and
new it is quite a rare thing to meet the
gray coutille stays and white linen petti
coat trimmed with Swis.s embroidery and
the high white slip bodice with the crochet
edging, formerly the almost universal
wear of your countrywomen and mine. I
have had an excellent opportunity of ex
amining the underclothing of the natives
at Cromer while bathing, and I find that
for the most part it Is very satisfactory.
"But among one of the most satisfac
tory costumes on the beach— and one I
have quite forgotten to chronicle— was a
dark blue, alpaca worn with a dark blue
eurah shirt, checked with" lines of white
beading, completed with a blue and red
and green plaid tie, the small blue toque
turning up in front with a large bow of
shaded blue velvet shot with red shading
off to orange. I am told that orange is
much sought after in foreign circles and
that a very pretty model hat tones from
the brightest note of the scarlet geranium
to the tone of the yellow nasturtium. This
would really be very trying to any but
the supremest beauty, although the finish
ing touch of black quills might soften the
harsh effect to some extent.
"It apears that buttons are to be muh
patronized, and there are many fanciful
designs btlng prepared by the manufac
ers In different sorts of metal and enamel,
the most successful of these being repro
ductions from the old designs in a com
bination of oxidized silver and dia
monds."
ghort, close fitting Jackets, after the
Eton order, showing the longer waist
coat with or without a band, some cov
ered all over with woven braid, are ex
ceedingly well worn. Just now the fronts
are often chiffon, but as the season ad
vance* this will give place to thicker
fabrics and smart waistcoats. Soft china
crepe sashes of bright color will sur
round the waist of many autumn dresses
and fall in two ends at the back, and in
tea and many evening dresses the stole
ends will continue to droop from the front
of the bodice at the shoulder to the hem,
and several new ideas are displaying
themselves under thiß head. China silk
and gauae ribbons have the patterns upon
them outlined in gems and sequins, and
so have the lace insertions used for the
same purpose. Occasionally these are
drawn Into the figure by the belt, but are
often allowed to fall free. Sometimes
jacket fronts have a slit at the waist,
some three inches from the center of the
front through which the soft sash or
stiff waist-belt passes, leaving the imme
diate front unconfined. Most of the new
sleeves overhang the hands. Some tea
gowns are cut low, with elbow sleeves
made of piece lace— much newer than the
chiffon even for those which come to the
wriat — then a lace scarf is carelessly
thrown about the neck, with the endo
falling downward. Once more we are
to have over and under dresses, which
take the form of tunics and of redlngotes.
Occasionally the latter are all lace.
Dress an a n Aid to Beauty.
This department is for the benefit if all thoee who are interested in t-.e science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you plea: r and sign any
name that you choose. Address all communications to Lme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Franesico.
I CHANCED to ring a friend's door
bell one day last week, fully expect
ing, as I did so, to be told that she
was out enjoying the balmy air and
glorious sunshine. Instead, I found
that she was at home, and was
shown upstairs to her own particular
sanctum. Here I found her coiled up
on her sofa, her black hair tousled, un
mistakable traces of tears upon her
cheeks and with lips pouting: like those
of a spoiled child, a heap of disconsolate
femininity. Her shades were closely
drawn, although the bright, glad sun
shine tapped upon her window panes and
peeped through the crevices of the cur
tains as though pleading for admittance.
"Whatever is the matter?" I demand
ed, "and why are you not out enjoy
ing this God-given day, instead of mop
ing in the dismal shadows of this room,
looking as though the world, the flesh
and the devil had lost all attractions for
you?"
"There!" she said, pointing dramati
cally with one slim finger to a small
heap upon the floor. "There Is the rea
son!"
By this time my eyes had become ac
customed to the darkness of the room,
and I stepped over to the heap and lifted
it in my hands. It straightened out
into a very handsome modish princess
gown of the shade of blue that is to be
so fashionable a color the coming sea
"Well," I said, looking toward the dis
consolate out*, and turning the frock
around and around in my hand. 'I see
no fault to be found with the cut of
that." . .- ,
•'The cut, no," she cried, springing
from the sofa, pulling up the shades and
taking the thing from my hands, but
the color! Look! Did you ever se^ any
one look such a color as I do in it?"
And, truly, the effect was startling.
The blue of the gown against her sallow
complexion and black eyes, which is the
most frequent type of the black haired
woman, seemed to bring out the most
peculiar shades of green in her com
plexion, while her eyes appeared luster
less and her hair looked Mke something
more than a smndgo of charcoal.
"That," she said, "is the gown that has
just been sent me by my New York
dressmaker, and over which I have been
making myself ill. Do you wonder?"
"But, dear child," said I, "why. with
your coloring, did you ever select blue?'
"I didn't.' she pouted. "I told my
dressmaker to wnrt me the very latest
color, and there it is."
"Yes" I said, "and had your eyes been
blue instead of black, your skin clear
and pale, instead of sallow, this color
could not have been improved upon. Then
you could have worn blue particularly of
the sapphire shades and of the Chinese
colors, such as come in the Canton crepes.
"With that type dark red might also be
worn; very pale shell pink, blue, grays
and white, both cream and blue, white
and black, both solid and transparent.
"But for your eyea and skin you will
find that nothing will form a better set
ting than black, relieved with white or
a dark, warm gray, and occasionally a
dull red or flame color. With your eyes,
which are unusually fine, the gown that
I would suggest and in which you would
look like a photograph from the portrait
of some old master, would be of black
material, wlih some transparent white at
the throat to cast light upon the face.
Dull, gold ornaments, or none at all—
never Jewels. They are too brilliant to
be becoming to your type."
"All very well." interrupted the Discon
solate One, "but that does not relieve ray
mind in the matter of this gown. What
am 1 to do with it?"
"Give it to your sister," I cried, in
pplrationally, "her figure is very like
yours, and with her golden. hair, hazel
eyes and luminous skin, nothing could be
better than this blue, or, in fact, almost
any shade of blue from the turquoise
blue, through th»- pale peacock blues to
blue gray and gray blue. Heliotrope in
all shades she can wear to particular
advantage, also olive green, light and
dark, black, mauve pinks, amethyst, pale
amber and cream white, but let her touch
blue-white, orange-scarlet, tan color, blue
purple, lavender and fawns at her peril.
"The cool blonde, she of the thin, whita
transparent skin, with a roseate flush, or
By Mme. Hygeia.
pale delicate cheek, and pale golden or
flaxen hair, has opportunity for some of
the cool, delicate, refreshing harmonies
of color that she of the warmer type may
not venture upon. She may wear jet
black or blue-black, pale green with white
or with gray, all cold blues from dark to
light, purplish white, violet-pink, laven
der and pale pink. In nothing, however,
will she look more charming than In
diaphanous materials such as muslin,
grenadine, gauze or cambric.
"The colors to be avoided by blondea of
this type are yellow, greens, reds, warm
violets, cream wHlte. ambers, olives,
browns, fawns, tans and warm blues.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
MRS. L. G.— Use peroxide of hydrogen
upon the superfluous hairs on the arms.
Apply with a small soft sponge. Massage
the baggy chin and throat with a good,
pure, home-made skin food and give them
an occasional alum bath. _A small piece
of alum the size of a bean, dissolved in a
pint of cold water, being quite sufficient.
AN OAKLAND GIRL— Try bathing the
pimples on the chin with listerne diluted
in three times as much boiled water. If
that is not efficacious touch them with
tincture of myrrh.
MRS. M.— Never, under any circum
stances, take obesity pills or other adver
tised flesh-reducing medicines that you
do not know anything about. Exercise,
indulged in with discrimination, is excel
lent. The reason for this is not the phy
sical exertion so much as being in the
open air. Fat is carbonaceous, and oxy
gen destroys carbon. By taking plenty of
oxygen into the lungs carbon is consumed.
On the other hand, when . exercise in
creases the appetite and causes longer
hours of sleeping, it will increase rather
than reduce flesh. A diet of exclusively
lean meat, baked Bread, tea, coffee and
only vegetables that are grown above the
ground, will not Increase the weight, but
after a month will diminish it. Do not
sleep more than six or eight hours, rise
early, take a tepid bath and a breakfast
of "hot coffee without cream, milk or
sugar, and toast without butter.
For luncheon, lean beef or mutton,
crackers or dry toast, with tea or Coffee.
For dinner about the same with the addi
tion of one vegetable grown above the
ground. Exercise moderately and swim
in cold water as frequently as possible,
as this uses the carbon both in exercise
and to keep up the temperature of the
body.
Weigh yourself before starting in with
this regimen, weigh yoursejf again at the
end of a month and let me know of how
much flesh you have lost. Mind, you are
to eat nothing between meals.
E. E. E.— To reduce the size of the hips
a general reduction of fat is necessary.
Avoid all sugary and starchy foods. Ban
ish untoasted bread, notatoes. buttermilk
and fats from the daily bill of fare. Then
each morning go through the exercise* of
standing straight and touching the flavor
with your hands without bending the
knees. Buy your corsets of some one who
understands her business, and let her fit
you to a corset that is suited to your fig
ure. She can advise you better on this
point than L
INFORMATION— I fear I cannot help
you much as far as the large knuckles are
concerned. To soften, whiten and
plumpen the hands melt equal parts of
cocoa butter, oil of sweet almonds and
refined white wax. Rub this well into the
.hands before retiring. Them is. I believe,
a patented contrivance, thimble shaped,
which is worn on the ends of the fingers
to give them the desired taper. I cannot
tell you where you will find them.
BERTHA— The formula for hair tonlo
which I gave you is as follows: Two
drams tincture cantharides, six drams es
sence of rosemary, eleven ounces elder
flower water. You can get the face brush
from almost any of the druggists in the
city. I cannot give addresses in these
columns. If you do not happen to know
the address of one send me a stamped
addressed envelope and I will glad to
send you name and address of a shop
where I know they can be procured.
LILLIE B.— Go to a hair store and buy
a roll, or "rat." as some people call ttiem.
Fasten to the hair and comb your pomp
adour over it. That is the only thing I
know of that will cause the hair to stand
out and have the fluffy look it should
have. To reduce plumpness of the neck
massage with some good cold cream,
taking the flesh up between the fingers
THE NEWEST ENGLISH COAT.
A pretty blonde walked along Upper Broadway one afternoon last week
creating a decided sensation along the Rialto. Her milky fairness of skin,
the rose tint of her cheeks and the unsightly "bun" in which she had her
beautiful hair twtlted, proclaimed her one of the newest importations in Eng
lish Gayety Girls.
But the sensation she created was owing to a most peculiar garment which
she wore, a direct importation from London, and one of the weirdest and
most wonderful fashions that have come to New York from the English cap
itfll
it was a coat cut exactly like a man's reaching from the collar to the hem
of the skirt. The material looked like a transparent rubber or a mixture of
silk and rubber, and its color was a pinkish, yellowish white that looked as
though it might feel cold and clammy to the touch. There was a collar of
velvet matching the oddly tinted rubber, but of darker shade.
and rolling and pinching it. Of coursa
the pinching must be gentle. This will
dissolve the tissues. Then in order to
keep the flesh from becoming flabby
bathe the neck in water in which a small
piece of alum has been dissolved. A piece
the size of a bean to a pint of cold water
is quite sufficient.
BLONDE— I think if you will apply the
following sedative lotion to your face be
fore exposure to the sun and wind it
will obviate the excessive tendency to
irritation of the skin: Distilled wttch
hazel. 3 ounces; prepared cucumber juice,
3 ounces; rosewater, 1% ounces; essence
white rose, Vft ounces; simple tincture of
benzoin, half an ounce. Rub this into
the skin with the finger tips and let the
cuticle absorb it. Then apply a pure
vegetable powder. To put on flesh, first
of all you must bid a fond farewell to
the habit of fussing and worrying. Get
lots of sleep, and if convenient take be
fore rising a cup of hot milk or of milk
and cocoa well sugared. Take tepid
baths and exercise moderately. Eat all
the starchy, fattening foods, such as
rice, butter, cereals, eggs, milk and game,
tapioca, sago, vermicelli or custard pud
ding, macaroni, cheese and salad served
with plenty of oil. but no vinegar; they
are all good. Avoid pickles and acids of
all kinds. A teaspoonful of olive oil taken
several times a day. and frequent rub
bings of the body with olive oil, will help
the good work along.
CORA V.— The orange flower skin food
should keep your face from becomin
ruugh. Perhaps the blood becomes over
heated at times and dries the skin. Here
is the formula for a most delightful
cream, which is particularly good for
sunburn and for refining and whitening
the skin of the hands: Spermacet,
1 ounce; white wax, 1 ounce: oil of
sweet almonds, 5 ounces; rosewater, 1 3-5
ounces; powdered borax, 20 grains; es
sence of clover, 5 drops. The above
quantities will fill an 8-ounce jar, which
will last you all winter. The brown spots
on your mother's face and arms are
probably liver spots, and nothing will
banish them until the disordered liver
which causes them is remedied.
AGNES B.— Do not try to reduce the
size of your bust unless you do so by a
general flesh-reducing diet. All sorts of
harm can come about by trying the reme
dies that are said to make the bust
smaller. For the flabbiness, use the alum
bath suggested to Mrs. L. G. You might
try lemon juice and borax — fifteen grains
to the ounce— on* those brown spots on
your hands; but if, as I strongly suspect,
they are liver spots, nothing in the world
■will permanently do away with them until
their cause (a disordered liver) is reme
died.
DIMPLE CHEEK— To improve the com
plexion, follow the general health rules
which I have so often laid down in these
columns, and which, if you are a constant
reader of my department, you must have
s.i v more than once. For the freckles,
use^lfteen grains of borax in one ounce
of lfTnon juice. For the projecting bones,
massage each night with lanollne, partly
melted, and eat plenty of fattening foods.
The effect which you desire under the
eyes is neither healthy looking nor pretty,
and I cannot suggest any means by which
it may be brought about. Touch the
pimples with listerine, diluted with three
times as much boiled water, or with tinc
ture of myrrh. With a stout face, I would
advise drawing the front hair back and
up in pompadour style, rather close at
the sides, the long tresses puffed and
piled up quite loftily on top of the head.
MRS HENRY L. G.— ln order to gain
the amount of flesh that you desire, fol
low the directions given in foregoing re
ply to Blonde. To enlarge the bust and
add plumpness to the neck, massage with
equal parts of cocoa butter, lanoline ,an<l
cocoanut oil melted together. Heat before
applying and massage the neck and bust
every night for fifteen minutes. Wear
loose clothing and discard all pads. A
very good lotion with which to whiten
the skin is made by pressing the juice out
of the green cucumber and heating it un
til a wnite scum rises to the top. Skim
this and then strain. Dilute it about one
third with rosewater and apply each
" ADELAIDE— A good face powder is
made by sifting over and over again one
ounce of Lubin's rice powder with three
ounces of pure oxide of zinc and adding
three drops of oil of roses. Better let
your druggist mix this for you, as face
powders are very troublesome to make,
unless one has the proper appliances.
2728
"T^E CAJVIJ> BY THE GROSS."
Charles Rollo Peters' Masterful Coloring at the Fall Exhibition, Hopkins Art Institute.
'Rom a Phonograph.
THE GREAT TOLSTOI JUBILEE.
Russia Celebr sting His Fiftieth Anniversary as a Writer.
IT will soon be a half century since
a young Russian artillery officer,
murh addicted to card playing, lost
money which he did
not have in hand. To put himself
in the way of paying this debt of honor
he carried to the editor of a periodical
published in Moscow a romance which
he had composed in the Caucasus dur
ing the leisure moments of the opera
tions against Terek. It was "The Cos
sacks." the masterpiece of poetry and
melancholic philosophy in which the
nature and the primitive spirits of the
Orient, disguised up to that time by
the imaginations of romantic writers,
were seen for the first time in their true
condition.
Happy mischance! The young artil
lerist would have been much aston
ished, without doubt, if he had then I
been told that Russia and all the civil-
Ixed world would one day celebrate this
anniversary. And would he not have
been still more astonished if they had
added that the author, repenting of his
literary successes, would regard these
enthusiastic homages with more than
indifference?
To be exact. Tolstoi had already pub
lished in a review under an anonymous
name the first chapters of his "Recol
lections of Infancy," and this is the
reason for celebrating at this time the
semi-centennial jubilee of his career as
a writer.
Born in I*2*. and now aged 70 years,
Leon Nikolaievitr-h, Count Tolstoi, has
lived in all the forms of life. He has
: - I to write, nor written to live.
As he looked attentively about him and
within himself the strong images he
paw through the spectacles were in
their natural form put on paper, not
as a physician would design an ana
FRATERNAL NEWS.
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
The entertainment that was given last J
Tuesday night by Ivy Chapter in Golden
Gate Hall was one of the many enjoyable |
affairs that have been given under the j
auspices of this very energetic chapter. ;
The cake walk, which was the feature of
the evening, was one of the best that i
ever was givon before a fraternal organ
ization. There were prizes awarded in
the order of merit as determined by the
Judges, but there was none who was
more deserving of the honors than was a
.young lady, a member of the chapter,
who appeared as "Topsy."
During the term which is drawing to a
close Ivy Chapter, which has for worthy j
patron Charles L. Patton, and for worthy
matron Mrs. Susie Dow, a most intiefa- i
tigable worker, has succeeded in increas- j
ing the membership by forty-seven, a
record that the members of the chapter
feel proud of.
The next session of the Grand Chapter |
will bt: held next Tuesday. One hundred
and forty chapters will be represented. I
On the first night there will be a recep- j
tion to the delegates in Pioneer Hall.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
On the night of the 27th inst. Grand
Master Breuck will pay a visit to Schil- !
ler lodge and address it in German.
There will be a special session of the
Grand Lodge In Sacramento on the night
of the 27th Inst.
Last evening Harbor lodge of West
Oakland paid a fraternal visit to the
lodge of Healdsburg, and at the meeting
there were delegations from the lodge« of I
Santa Rosa, Cloverdale, Petaluma, Guer- '
neville and Sebastopol.
A special session of the Grand Lodge
will be held in San Jose during encamp
ment week.
THE REBEKAHS.
California Rebekah Lodge had a pleas
ant "at home" on the night of the Bth
Inst., when an entertaining programme
was presented, and then followed a dance
until midnight.
Jx>yal Lodge at its meeting last Monday j
night had work In the initiatory degree.
Last Wednesday night Oriental Lodge had
five initiations.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Golden Gate Camp is the most active in
the jurisdiction. It has at this time a
membership of 820, with an addition of '
twelve at the next meeting. The aggre- |
gate of the membership of the ten largest j
camps In California is 2520, while in the
State there are now 104 camps, with an
aggregate membership of 9000.
The new reserve plan adopted at the
recent session of the Head Camp held In
this city will go Into effect on the Ist of
next January.
The order has 300 members in the volun
teer service. The only death reported is
that of Captain W. P. O'Neil— "Buckey"
O'Neil of Prescott, Ariz.— who belonged
to the sovereign Jurisdiction and was
killed at Santiago de Cuba.
Head Advisor Richard Fahey and Head
Manager I. I. Boak visited San Francisco
Camp last week. This camp, the "baby,"
already has a membership of eighty.
Golden Gate Camp recently initiated
seven members for this camp.
During the week the several camps, ex
cept Golden Gate, have held increase
Last Monday Golden Gate Camp had a
social night for members, and had a
glorious programme for the 200 members
who were present. The affair, conducted
un^°r the direction of H. B. Jennings,
had :or features instrumental music by
Professor Welsel, specialties by D. B.
Hanlon, recitations by W Currier and
Charles Pratt, instrumental selections by
Messrs. Klein, Dennis, Reeves and Raabe
and addresses by M. Brown and
others on Woodcraft. An announcement
vac made that to-morrow night there will
be a ladles' night in the auditorium of
th« Native Bone building for the members
tomical figure, not for the sake of de
signing but the better to study man
and his maladies. Every time Tolstoi
took up his pen it was to bring more
clearly to his own eye the burning
questions. Why was he not happy, why
others were not more happy and by
what means could they be made so?
When quite young Tolstoi went to the
wars in the Caucasus and in the Cri
mea. He brought back from it ''The
Cossacks" and those wonderful "Pic
tures of the Siege of Sebastopol." ver
bal descriptions as exact as the report
of a field officer. He began quite early
to examine his life by the light of his
own conscience, to study his invisible
self. From this first self-examination
emanated the pitiless treatise of auto
psycholoary, " Infancy, Childhood,
Youth."
Resigning his commission at an op
portune time the ex-officer went to take
his proper position in the elegant so
ciety of St. Petersburg. He saw the
court and the world. Traveling abroad
he passed through all the excitements
and dissipations of the life in which
the men of his rank expended the sur
plus energies of their Russian nature.
He went to the extreme in all forms of
excesses with all the frenzy that they
had in the country and in the time
when a privileged few possessed mil
lions of serfs, raced their horses to
death over the snow for the exhilnra
tion of the mad speed in going of a
night to hear bohemian stollers voice
their songs of passion, and later de
manded more violent excitement at the
card table, where they would stake for
tunes, finally seeking to drown insup
portable reason in the wine cup. "The
Jade, reason," as Tolstoi says; "th' 1 en
emy and constant distractor of those
wild spirits which it pretends to con
trol."
Yet this mad "viveur" was a cold and
shrewd observer of men and manners.
and their friends, and that It will be a
literary and social affair, with strictly pro
fessional talent. It Is to be Invitational,
and a large number of invitations have
been sent out.
A flourishing circle of the Women of
Woodcraft, the recognized auxiliary of
Redwood Camp No. 91, has been organ
ized. ______
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Last week Bay View Lodge gave a re
ception to Its friends In South San Fran
cisco Masonic Hall. Dr. Todd, P. M. W.,
presided, and introduced W. H. Jordan,
P. M. W., who delivered an eloquent ad
dress. Then there was a programme of
recitations, songs and instrumental music
by MessTß. F. G. Hill, J. F. Murphy, 8.
Vehl, Lee Palmer, Mart Nichols, James
Flynn, Walter Molloy and Misses Letitla
Mordhorst and Verdi Gllmore. The com
mittee, after the programme, furnished
an excellent supper. This lodge, Insti
tuted in 18W), has a membership of 100,
and since the date named has paid to
widows and orphans of members $70,000.
Deputy Grand Master Workman j3.
Danforth left this city Thursday for an
extended tour through the southern por
tion of the State between here and Los
Angeles, returning by way of Bakers
field and Fresno. His mission is to In
struct the lately formed lodges in the
work relative to the conferring of de
grees.
The result of the meeting of Hills Fer
ry Lodge at Newman was the initiation
of twenty-eight candidates.
A testimonial benefit will be given by
Pacific Lodge for the family of George
C. Hunt, foreman of said lodge, on the
28th inst. in Oakland.
Two hundred and eighty-five applica
tions for membership were received in
the grand recorder's office for the month
of September. One hundred and thirty
seven have been received for the current
month up to last Thursday.
Stockton Lodge No. 23 will become of
age on the -Ah inst., at which time they
propose to celebrate the occasion by a
grand anniversary entertainment.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Grand Chief of Honor Mra. Mayon paid
a visit last Wednesday to Rose City
Lodge In Santa Rosa.
Nevada City Lodge entertained the
members of the lodge of Grass Valley
last wr-ek, and after the programme ther*
was a first-class supper.
Next Tuesday Silver Spray Lodge will
have work In the initiation of several can
didates. Ivy Lodge had one initiation
last Wednesday.
THE NATIVE SONS.
California Camp No. 4 of the Argonauts
has accepted the invitation of the San
Jose parlors to give the degree to a
number of natives. The event is Bched
uled for the 29th inst. The Native Sons'
band, Professor Barton leader, will ac
company the camp.
Among the prominent Native Sons who
visited the office of the grand secretary
last week were Grand President Flint,
yrand Trustee MUton and George J.
isaacson, recording secretary of Los An
<eles Parlor.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt and Grand
Treasurer Martin will visit the parlorti
of Shasta, Trinity and vicinity in the
latter part of November.
Los Angeles Parlor will give its anniver
sary tall In the City of the Angels on
the 11th of November.
Bay City Parlor will give a minstrel
ahow on Thanksgiving night.
The tenth annual party will be given
by Alcalde Parlor in the main hall of the
Native Sons' building.
Rlncon Parlor will give a smoker in
Shasta Hall on the 25th inst.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The committee that has charge of the
military german that i» to be given at
MUeiojj Parlor Hull on the 2lßt lost, by
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1808.
Reconcile these contradictions if you
can and you will have the secret of the
penius of Tolstoi. Critics are at their
wits' ends in handling the young Rus
sian who writes: "I can well compre
hend the most atrocious crimes, com
mitted without aim. without desire to
injure, as it were from curiosity, from
an unconscious necessity of doing some
thing." "There are moments when the
future presents itself to a man in col
ors so dark that the mind shuns from
contemplating it. when he suspends
entirely the t-xercise of his reason and
forces himself to be persuaded that he'
will have no future and that he has had
no past."
li.nween times Tolstoi acquired by
various readings in all languages an
encyclopedic store of knowledge. Hav
ing seen men of all conditions and read
their lives, he wrote "War and Peace."
The work is well known. Romance or
epic, as you ch>-i>so to call it. it is the
fullest and most faithful mirror that
has ever been presented to any of us;
one in which we may recognize our
fellows and kno* ourselves
Las Lomas Parlor in celebration of its
Plxth anniversary, promises that it will
be one of the best functions ever given
by this popular parlor. The decorations
will be Btrlctly military.
The grand ball that was given by Oro
Fino Parljr for the benefit of the board
of relief that is to establish a home for
I Native Daughters was a very pleasing
I affair.
Last Wednesday Mrs. Lena H. Mills.
' grand president, officially visited the par
i lor at Anderson, on the 13th she was with
the one at Shasta, and last night she was
with the one at Weaverville. Tuesday
next she will visit Woodland Parlor.
San Jose Parlor is making arrange
ments for a social evening and dance on
the 28th insl. for the benefit of the board
of relief. The following named commlt-
I tee will have charge of the function:
i Misses Lizzie Byers, Alice Verser, Tillle
Campiglia. Rosalie Belloli, Eleanor Bel
loli and Madelyn Desimone.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
At the meeting of Golden Gate Council
last Tuesday night there was a large at
tendance, and a number of matters of
After this evocation of the past con- j
temporaneoiiß society was called to the
witness stand in its turn. 'Anna Kare
nina" brought it before the judge — an
apt expression, when one looks at Tol
stoi in the presence of the men whom
he questions. Of the two grand ro
mances which take in all the Russian
life the second contains fewer ideas and
deeds than the first; it probes deeper
the wounds of the heart; it descries
the troubles of passion and the philo
sophic problems of the Russian con
science during the turmoil of souls
which characterized the reign of Alex
ander 11. Commenced about 1865, the
publication of the work suffered long
delays. Tolstoi abandoned it and then
took it up again, and only finished some
last chapters in 1877.
It is then at the moment when the
success of "Anna Karenina" fixed defi
nitely the supremacy of the author in
his own country, on the eve of the day
when his influence and his lame were
beginning to spread to other lands, that
the capricious comet wheeled in the
heavens, plunged into the night and
lost itself in the nebulae. Loon Niko
laievitch bid an irrevocable adieu to his
art, upon which he heaped anathemas.
During a period of twenty years since
then he has taken up his pen only to
write against that art, against the
civilization of which it wits a part,
against love, Avar, science and the es
tablished church. Theolcrgical, national
istic treatises followed each other with
out delay. "My Confession," "My Re
ligion" and "Commentaries on the Gos
pel."
This fettered slave to thought, whose
chains he wished to throw off, strove
to reach out and understand his life in
order to simplify it. He turned labori
ously in a circle of complications, al
ways the same. He did not knew what
he wished, but he wished it ardently,
and above all. he wished nothing that
already existed. He frequently gave
illustrations of his doctrine with short
parables and moral tales for the bene
fit of the people. Art is a demon which
one does not easily exorcise. Some of
these tales are masterpieces of a new
kind, as "Master and Slave." "For Why
Do Men Live," or as that moving and
forbidding drama, "The Powers of
Darkness."
The instinctive method of the great
realist triumphs and subjugates us in
the discussion of his subject, whether
he unveils the misdeeds of love in the
"Kreutzer Sonata" or denounces the
charlatanism of art in his last enter
prise of demolition.
"What is art?" A method whose es
sence is to strip the real fact of the tra
ditional verbiage, under which it ap
peared to us, and to show it simple,
naked and living. This direct view
gives an incomparable force to the crit
ical premises of this demolifher. We
yield ourselves to the evidence and
agree with him as to the poor nothing
ness which one finds under appear
ances, but we recoil by instinct and a
horror of a void from his conclusions
which lead us to the absurd to the
naught.
The indifferent old man — if one In
deed can be so to universal admiration
— merits the homage which comes to
him now from so many hearts con
soled by the simple lessons of life in
his pen pictures, from so many souls
enlightened by the rays which he has
projected to the depths of our thoughts.
His influence remains, and doubtless
will remain a long time, the most potent
of all those which at this time are ex
ercised in the •'pintual world.
LEOfJ 10LSJ0I.
special Interest to the members ware dis
cussed, one being- a proposition to enable
a member having lost all blood relations
to declare to whom his beneilclary cer
tificate should be paid. This matter will
be brought before the senate of the order.
During the evening- there were six ini
tiations and five applications were re
ceived. The council declined the chal
lenge of California Council for competi
tion In the ritualistic work, but deciued
to join California Council in a smoker to
be given on the last Tuesday in Novem
ber. Golden Oate Council wants but a
few more members to reach the 300 mark.
THE OHIOANS.
The membership and friends of tne
California Society of Ohio filled the As
sembly Hall of the Red Men's building
last Wednesday night on the occasion of
the lecture delivered by William H. Jor
dan, the well-known attorney. Preceding
the lecture there was a short business
meeting, and the following named were
admitted to membership: J. A. Silverman,
W. T. Hunter. A. P. Van Duzer, W. Fas
sett, James Malcolm, J. T. Daviß and *'.
B. Wescott of San Francisco; Hamilton
STRIKING PICTURES
AT THE FALL EXHIBITION
Notable Canvases That the Hopkins Art Institute Wall Shov *k.
HE fall exhibition of art at the
T Hopkins Institute is primarily one
of landscapes and portraiture. The
absence of figure compositions need
not necessarily imply that our
artists are not equal to such ad
vanced work, for our past exhibi
tions have shown us what may Be
done in this line, but as long as tne
purchasing public show a substantial ap
preciation for canvases that do not in
volve much labor and may be sold tor
a small consideration, artists will, and
Justifiably, supply this kind of work.
While the exhibition is not as large as
some others have been. In quality it Is
all to be desired, as it contains some very
excellent examples of many well-known
artists. In looking over the various can
vases and scanning the different subjects
represented, one Is forcibly impressed
with the thought that the troublesome
spirit of our late war times must have
left its imprint in artistic circles, for
there seems to be an unusual expression
of stormy ideas. Such titles to pictures
as "Before the Storm," "After the
Storm," "The Approaching Storm/
"Summer Showers," "April Showers,"
"A Passing Storm," greet the observer
from all parts of the exhibition.
The main hall of the institution is at
this time and will be for future occasions
reserved for the permanent exhibition,
while the new work is hung in the ad
joining south rooms and the conserva
tories. This is to be regretted, for, while
the light in the main hall is not the best
■ luring the day, in the evening it is very
good and pictures may be seen to better
advantage than elsewhere. The Hopkins
institute at best is -a very undesirable
place to show a painting, for the decora
tions are so aggressive that any canvas,
no matter what its excellence, must suf
lVr in such a setting, and the artists who
from year to year send their work to
these exhibitions are long suffering and
extremely patient. The board of directors
appreciate the condition of affairs and a
movement is on foot toward the construc
tion of a gallery in connection with the
Institute.
Two hundred and forty-three numbers,
of which seventy are in the permanent
collection, constitute the exhibition, and
among these are oils, water colors, pas
t<is. miniature paintings, pen and ink and
pencil ilrnwings ana four pieces of sculp
ture, besides which there is a collection
of twenty-five sketches contributed by
artists for membership dues, which will
be distributed by lot to members on the
last Thursday night of the exhibition.
Delsarte said "art is feeling passed
through thought and fixed in form." One
sometimes wonders what kind of fpeling
must have rasped some poor mortals to
give forth such expressions. Then Louis
F. Day says "the art is in the saying and
not in the thing said," and again one
sometimes feels "words, only words," but
there is another side to tnis. We have
our painters in prose and our painters in
poetry, and while some will give us the
former expression there are others whose
conceptions are tender and full of feeling.
There are pictures which, not being
narrative nor literary, are beautiful har
monies and melodies of line and color
that appeal so lovingly to those who see;
and where a beautiful poetical idea is
thus rendered we have a masterpiece.
Such a one is that of "The Camp by the
Crops." by Charles Rollc Peters. A well
knowr artis' to-day remarked tha' Mr.
Wallace of Stockton and J. J. Gosper of
Los Angeles, formerly Governor or Art
z.ma. In addition to the lecture, \vhi<h
wag an illustrated one on the lata war
with Spain, there were given dramatic
readings by Daniel E. Hanlon and vocal
selections by a quartet of male voices.
ORDER RAILWAY CONDUCTORS.
El Capitan Division No. 115 of the Ort«r
of Railway Conductors gave lta first com
i plimcntary entertainment and ■octal in
the social hall of the Alcazar building
last Wednesday nißht. There was a
large number present, and aft&r an ad
dress by W. V. Stafford, there was a
good programme of musical and literary
! numbers, at the close* of which thr- mem
bers and guests partook of a choice colla
'■■ tlon. Then followed dancing, George S.
Smith was the conductor of entertain
■ ment and he was assisted by J. E. Dillon,
i T. L. Shuck, B. Bryant and T. BUlinslea,
the committee of arrangements.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter of the American
Guild at a meeting last Wednesday night
Peters is the most distinguished artist
that has been in our midst for many a
year, and it is evident to any observer
that this is the common feeling of artists
generally when studying this woncierrui
canvas. To most people who were inter
ested in our visiting soldiers it will recall
the camps when seen at night, the lighted
tents looking like great opals relieved
against the dark hills In the background,
all of which was especially beautiful on
a moonlight night.
To all of this the artist has added a
poetic suggestion by using that most in
teresting San Francisco landmark. Lone
Mountain, as a background and a soli-
" Jhe HorsesKoer."
By Joseph M. Raphael, Fall Exhibition, Hopkins Art Institute.
From an Cnginal Sketch b/ the Artist.
tary figure of a sentinel standing in con
templative mood over a campflre in the
foreground.
This picture is so characteristic of a
phase of life of the past year and so al
together charming as an art product, that
it seems as if it should belong to San
Francisco— and be the property of the
Art Association where it might be acces
sible to all art students.
Mr. Peters has four canvases, all of
which are excellent. His "Moonlight,"
No. 153, is such a tender little bit that it
stimulates a very strong desire for pos
session.
R. D. Yolland shows a number of very
able products, in which a marked indi
vidual style predominates. His work is
always conscientious and thoughtful. In
composition and drawing in landscape he
has few superiors. His "Sunrise and
Showers" is very happy.
William Keith delights his host of ad
mirers by his two very beautiful pictures,
"April Showers" and "California Oaks."
In both we find hi? usual charm of mys
tery and unique handling.
One of the gems of the collection is "A
®®®®®O®®®®®®®®@®®'.s)
received the report of the committee on
the recent entertainment, and it was to
the effect that it had proved a great
success In every ro-spect. The chapter is
making arrangements for a smoker to be
given some time next month. The secre
tary read the applications of two who
desire membership.
Tomales Chapter, located in the town
of that name, has arranged for a grand
entertainment and ball to be given as a
Thanksgiving event. It is to be under
the direction Of Virgil Caporgno, H. T.
Abies. F. S. Hollaner and W. N. Taylor.
It will be the first anniversary entertain
ment, and the programme that has been
prepared is the equal of many of the best
ever presented In San Francisco.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Last Monday night Court Bonita held
an open meeting in Mangels 1 Hall, which
was crowded to its limit of comfort. The
conductors of the affair provided a first
class programme of entertainment, which
Included vocal solos by Charles Shuler.
Albert Herman and Frank Hammond,
recitations by T. F. Bonnet. J. B. Cole
and Mr. Green; addresses by Stephen A.
Byrnes, Eugene F. Sullivan. E. L. Fitz
gerald, Grand Senior Warden Hugo K.
Aaher. A. Fritz, D. F. Keefe and others;
also an instructive lecture on phrenology
by the Dove Brothers. The court served
light refreshments and cigars.
The American Foresters' Review, a
monthly devoted to the Interests of the
order, has made its appearance. It is
issued by Jacob Label of this city, a
prominent member of the order, and is a
neat and interesting publication.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. of A.
The many friends of Palo Alto Circle
filled Union Square Hall on the occasion
of the first anniversary entertainment and
ball of that very active subordinate. The
entertainment consisted of vocal selec
tions by Miss Sadie Mendelson; special
ties Bena Barnett; recitation, Stella Ham
burger; vocal solo. Miss F. Ososke. and
"Mons X," a farce in which the char
acters were assumed by Misses Eugenic
Adler Fannie Lewis. Pauline Arnot and
Messrs. Bert Kahn and S. J. Meyer. The
entertainment was a pleasing one and all
participants were richly rewarded with
applause, the ladies with bouquets. After
the programme there was a dance until
midnight.
Inter Nos Circle celebrated its fifth an
niversary by a grand ball last Thursday
night in Union Square Hall. There was
a good attendance and the programme of
dances that was offered was one of the
best that this circle has had since Its or
ganization. The majority of the ladies
■were attired in full evening costume, and
in the prettily decorated hall the effect
was charming.
THE JUNIOR ORDER.
At the last held meeting of Abraham
Lincoln Council considerable interest was
aroused In the membership by the read-
Ing of letters from several members of
the Junior Order of American Mechan
ics who are at Manila with the volun-
There Is also considerable interest as
to the patrotlc sermon that is to be oe
llvered the evening of the 20th of No
vember by the Rev. E. A. \\ood. D.D..
In the First Baptist Church on Eddy
Bt Th£" proposed amendments to the con
stitution of California that are to be o
ted on next month are heine d ls^sert
so that the members may have a clear
understanding of the same.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
The Phebe Hearst Hive will give an en
tertainment to its friends on next Friday
California Hive Is making arrangements
for an entertainment on the 9th of No
vember At its last held meeting a num
he, of applications for membership were
lady commander of Mis
sion Hiv-. ana Mrs. Solomon , lady^com
mander ot Ban Francisco Hh c. are ab-
Mnt from the city for a few weeks.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST. ,
The members -of Sherwood Circle and
friends had • Rlorlous time at the apron
an.l n*ektt« party given in Foresters'
buildinj on <>'-• night of the sth inst.. for
there- was «n excellent programme of en
{ertalnnuMH provided by .Mesdames Geo.
D O'Urlen. fcither Dunn, J. Hartley. A.
Charplot. Mrs. Rentzler and Mrs. Har
vey Each one present was given a sou
venir of the occasion either a tiny apron
or a mlnature tie. _ l'-'v- : - „
The programme that was presented at
the open meeting of Loyal Circle was a
novelty In the shape of the lancers . danced
occasion of Its open meeting was a nov
elty in the shape of the lancers : danced
backward. Eight young ladles composing
the set were attired with the front of the
dress to ; the back, wore false . faces on
Pacsing Storm," by J. M. Griffin. This
is a very clever piece of brush work Ami
withal a very beautiful product. This ar
tist has several good canvases and in all
of them promises great things for the fu
ture.
John A. Stanton, the present dean of the
School of Design, shows seven beautlf i]
canvases, mostly landscape. His figure
composition. "On the Beach in .\ :
mandy," is a very pleasing study in gray
greens representing a number of wpm
watching for the return of the =hips. H ,
"Landscape," No.. 83. is a strong piece of
color and his "Sea Shore" is quite Jap
anesque and very satisfying.
There is probably no one who shows
more growth in his work than Joseph
Greenbaum. In the eight canvases he
shows some very pleasing and interest
ing studies. "The Trystlng Place" repre
sents some very nice handling in flesh
tones, and his "Bavarian Peasant" has
some excellent qualities.
H. J. Brewer disappoints his many ad
mirers by exhibiting only one canvas.
Memories' of his beautiful pictures linger
with us from past exhibitions and we
regret not to see more of his work at
this time. His "Landscape," No. 151, is
v« ry artistic. ■
G Cadenasso shows two delightful can
vases in his "Early Dawn" and "Tha
Approaching Storm." His poetic concep
tion of nature, his clever brush work and
his charm of color can only be the ex
pression of a genius.
Several unpretentious but very charm
ing simple sketches are signed by W allaca
yon Helm, a student at the School of D -
lien These studios show marked abilit} .
conscientious effort and much artistic
Continued on page twenty-six.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®'*'®
the back of the head and the faces were
disguised by wigs in representation or
back hair, schoolgirl fashion with a long
braid. The deception was well carried
out. and was most ludicrous.
The supreme officers will visit Ivar.i-.oe
Circle on the 19th, Olympia on the Zm
and Twin Peaks on the 2Sth inst.
Loyal Parlor will give an umbrella
party on the 29th inst.
The supreme treasurer, guides, herald
and secretary paid an official visit last
w*ek to Washington Circle, and a pleas
ant evening was spent.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Yerba Buena Lodge will initiate fifteen
candidates to-morrow night.
Liberty Lodge has completed the ar
rangements for the grand entertainment
that it will give shortly.
During the past two months Center
Lodge added twenty-seven to its mem-
The grand officers will visit Prescott
Lodge next Wednesday when several can
didates will be inducted into the myster
ies of the order. . ...
Grand Dictator Archibald is visiting 1
lodges in the southern part of the St ,V e :
Supreme Dictator Goshen has decided
that under the new reinstatement law the
application of a suspended member must
be accompanied by his own affidavit pi
good health, and must be in conformity
to a prescribed form the applica
tion shall have been balloted for within
twenty days after suspension), and that
if such application and affidavit of good
health is delivered to the reporter of the
lodge within thirty days from the time of
suspension, "the lodge may ballot upon
it at the meeting following the fxP'«Jtloii
of the thirty days. If the application .is
not made within thirty days, re-examina
tlon Is compulsory.
§THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Grand Recorder Wallis has returned af
ter an extensive tour of visitations In va
rious parts of the State. During his ab
sence he attended thirty-three council
meetings. He speaks in high terms of the
membership of the interior councils.
Grand Councilor Boehm will reorganize
the initiatory team this month.
Grand Recorder Wallis. assisted by Or
eanizer G. F. Mander, instituted Angel's
f-m/nril in West Los Angeles with thirty
™«oharter members. W. J. Ahem is tha
councilor and Mrs. M. J. Hyatt the see
re A new council Is being organized in the
°TT last1 ast Monday the grand recorder and
Assistant Grand Councilor Savage visited
Garden City Council in Los Angeles and
were greeted by a large attendance. Thl3
council will give a ball on the 4th of next
Last' Wednesday the grand recorder
paid" an official visit to Unity Council in
Oakland.
IMPROVED ORDER RED MEN.
Great Chief of Records C. F. Burgma«*
has returned from the East, where he at
tended the session of the Great Council
of the United States.
Pawnee Tribe paid a visit last Thursday
night to Tecumseh Tribe and assisted at
the adoption of a number of pale faces,
after which there was a feast of corn
and venison.
Deputy B. E. West has sent to the great
chief of records a flattering account of
the condition of Shasta Tribe. This tribe
has elected W. T. Wheeler sachem and
A. M. Bangs chief of records.
The Daughters of Montezuma win give
an entertainment and social In the As
sembly Hall of the Red Men's building on
the night of the 25th Inst.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
During the coming week High Chief
Ranger Boehm will visit as follows- Oc
tober 17, Amador; 18th. Sutter Creek- 20th
Court German America; 21st. Court del
Monte. The following week he will visit
on October 24 Court University at Berke-
I^'J 2^ th< ?°o rt 4d4 dv ° cate at Oakland, and
27th. Court San Pablo.
Last week he paid a visit to Court San
Andreas, where he found a large attend
ance and much enthusiasm.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
An entertainment and social is to bo
given by Borromean Council in the near
future. R. E. Fazackerly. Dr. C. J. Mc-
Carthy, John Doyle and N. J. Hoey are
the committee on entertainment.
YOUNG LADIES 1 INSTITUTE.
Institute No. 7 will give an entertain
ment and dance in Pioneer Hall on the
night of Friday, the 28tn Inst. Mr*.
Greany Is chairman of the committee of
arrangements, and Miss Mac Stein is tha
secretary.
Institute No. 2 will have an "at home"
next Friday night at headquarters.
Institute No. 8 will give a social in its
hall on the evening of next Tuesday."CYRANO" EAST AND WEST.
THE MANSFIELD AND DALY PRODUCTIONS
ar)d a Threat fom the fllcazar.
,->, DE BERGBRAC" is
d with a local produc
the hands of the Alcazar
\^l • k company. "Cyrano" is a
masterpiece for the
Lger. Mr. Mansfield is
who pays royalties on the ,
... pays them, not because he
iuse he wants to. and
■. so (loins he had hoped to
Hut Augus-
I William A. Brady and the
agers who either have pro
. t.> produce the piece
lothtng, and Mr. Mansti.-ld writes
■ letters on
■ salon. tie says
et good
,vith Mr. Paly. He as much
t aya t hal - rk night he will
j which Mr. Daly thinks
. iusively his own. I can't think
m Bsioo of Mr.
thai Is really worthy ol Mr.
a dark-lantern and •■jimmie."
German comedies would be safe
D were they left out
- doorstep with the milk
morning papers; and I am sure
that not even revenge would inspire a
to steal Mr. Daly's variations on
Shakespeare. The only Daly property
that c<m!d bo of real service to him is
Miss Ada Rehan; but she would mean
vision of the center of the stage,
Mi. Mansfield is used to having
plenty of room. Whether or not Mr.
Daly h tfl been undignified and unpro
fessional the legal truth remains that
rano" Is the American property of
that wants it, Rostand is
. or Shakespeare, and the
k is well within the law In
popular priced whack at him.
:. shak say that the Frawleys,
ill not make merry in the piece?
Frawley does not always I
m his mind. After the tre
ia ■ - itility and p wer shown
► M ss Bates this season we could
i her in any part,
. ta, surely Mr. Frawleya
■ tis would no; ttii man
>quelin and Mansfield, and an
more of nose. ■■Cyrano"
Ler of the hour, and let us have
lenty of him. Rostand's play,
igh born lately at the end of a
. ;.-, a masterpiece; and
re delightfully unique than a
popular that man
.; 10 put it on the stage? May
d-dbwn 
ialties all over the vau
. nary long noses with
5S are out of
, variety pepple— but
st variety to the
* * • *
Perhaps, though, the impetuous West
• would better wait a little and see bow
j/Cyraixo' 1 turns -out in the East. In
New York it is not as yet an unquali
<ied success, and Mr. Daly's opposition
version,' as played in Philadelphia.
seems to be something decidedly less.
I«ra~l Zangwill stopped turing long
• enough to review the latter production
Lfor the Herald. He says that he does
■•not approach the Daly version without
▼prejudice, for though Mr. Daly's open
repudiation of Rostand's name may.
indeed, be discovered in minute letters
f somewhere on the programme (where
even those who supply the theater's
drinking water are acknowledged in
j.lain type) there is no information as
to who' is. responsible. for the adapta
tion. The phrasing is, as nearly as he
ran remember, very much like, and
several of the passages identical, with
the version published in London by Mr.
Heine.mann; but some of Cyrano's best
lines are put in the 1 mouth of Roxane, ■
and so. says Zangwill, we have a
further sample of Mr. Daly's considera
tion for his original. After cruelly
compUmenting Miss Rehan on her "de
ightful suggestions of Shakespearean
. omedy" he once more goes for Daly.
paying that he has given Rostand a
delicious revenge, that he has shown
that "Cyrano" can endure even a Daly
adaptation.
* * •
The popular fate of the Mansfield
production la not yet settled. Not since
the first visit to America of Henry
Irving has a dramatic attraction been
bo loudly and variously heralded. Dur
: lie weeks of preparation there was
Lly a day in which the newspapers
not Interview or paragraph Mans-
Tba Sunday supplements devoted
to ••yrano's nose; and the
play itself, long before production, was,
I daresay, written about and quoted
from in < -paper and magazine
k a the "U-ntry. The ticket speculators
;•- a fortune uut of the New York
ftrtt night, pellins the regular $2 seats
at prices ranging from 57 to $10. Every
thing conspired to advertise the play
and the producer. Mansfield spent
thousands on the production; he em
ploys over 150 people at every perform
ance; he booked himself at the Garden
Theater for two months. The failure
of "Cyrano" would practically break
him. Beyond the cultivated few—pro
portionately as few in New York as
they are here — the most of the attend
ance is; the result of the advertising,
: ted by persons curious to ex
uce a fad, not a masterpiece. And
' this class not many are pleased with
v.hat they find. Two and a half acts
<>f "Cyrano's" five puzzle and bore
They would prefer Anthony
y "Woyman to the poetry
■f E .stand's seventeenth cen
... (if course the play Is
AMUSEMENTS."
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO 'S HALL.
>H H INRICH RECITALS!
TEESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS.
- OCT. IS and 20 and SATURDAY AFTKR-
■NOON. OCT. 22.
MB, AND MHB MAX HEIKKICH AND,
MISS JULIA HrTINRICH
toterpr***™ oi the c untgi
PRICKS, 76c AND *1 DC
BRATS <>N LE at —- Clay * Co.',
Ma»ic Hofliw,
A ROSENTHAL~
J ■■■'-'■ -THE RENOWNED PIANIST
COMING IN FEBRUARY.
BASEBALL.
RECREATION PARK
—THE LEAGUE LEADERS— n
SACRAMENTO vs. ATHLETICS.
TO-DAY % AT 2:15 P. M.
■ ' ■
By Ashton Stevens.
beautiful, full of pathos, irony, arch
bluster and delielous conceits; but so
are plays of Shakespeare's which will
not run two weeks, say nothing of two
months. And the critics who wrote the
alluring advance accounts of the piece
| are not agreed as to its virtues in Eng
lish translation and performance. The
Commercial Advertiser chronicles the
opening as "a confusing mixture of
triumph and catastrophe." "Edmond
Rostand," continues that paper,
"emerged in glory, and so did the stage
manager, who is presumably Richard
Mansfield, but the translator and the
i actors ran up aeainst something which
j left them where the great comic hero
| was left by the windmill in the thir-
J teenth chapter of 'Don Quixote.' " Alan
j Dale of the Journal, who had been
among the first to praise the original
French edition of the play, ranking it
with Shakespeare, didn't know just
what to make of the translation and
; performance. "And as 'Cyrano' Blow!)
unfurled itself," he wrote, "it gradually
seemed to dawn upon us that some
thing was lacking. Was it farce? Was
it pantomime? Was it comic opera
without the music? Or was it some
thing entirely new to be classed as
tragedy-farce? As I watched it my
spirits sank, and I was conscious of an
; empty and gnawing disappointment.
The lovely classic that I had read with
a tear in an eye appeared to be
i heavy.' You heard long speeches
slurred over by somebody who looked
like a bogeyman, and at whom children
would be frightened. You were asked
t" accept as the acme of poetry the
long presentment of a man in a black
coat with a comic valentine nose,
whispering love words under a dark
balcony to a bad actor, who scarcely
knew how to repeat them. This was
the beautiful balcony scene that in the
book read superior to the 'Romeo and
Juliet' episode. Mansfield's queer little
j<-rky utterances, his indistinctness.
probably caused by a proboscis that
■1 toward his mouth, and a certain
i involuntary farcicality that induced the
• to laugh when they should have
1, made you wonder whore on earth
; were."
• * *
Even the conservative critics, who
share with Richard .Mansfield the be
lief that he is the greatest of living
j American actors, are not all sweet
words. William Winter thinks that in
Mansfield's . impersonation the grotes
! que, ironical, combative, satiric, mental
! and practical attributes of the char
acter are conspicuously and brilliantly
portrayed, while the passion is more
intellectual than ardent, and the pathos
Inclines to be lachrymose and cold.
Mr. Winter praises the play — but as
AMUSEMENTS. . !
s-rzz^ San Francisco, Cal., listab. 1887 ■•-.. : :■-*-'■
P*t §% A « Kansa* City t Mo. t Estab. 1897
WALTER Ys* ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
8 WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY. OCTOBER I7TH. <T>
—New Artists Selected From Vaudeville's Choicest Gems— C3
* " ~ A VAUDEVILLE INNOVATION
j£ EDW II [TON ROYLE
FETTER) .:.-•■. . ■ - •■ -. '
Supported by VIM. FREDERIC and MAMIE DU PONT,
Presenting Mr. Boyle's Original Farce Comedy, "CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE." .; . .
The entire play In one act. Special Scenery and Electrical • Effects— Elegant Costumes
I HTTTQ M OR A AT The World's Greatest Unique
JUV/UIO 111. VJllrilixxX whistler AND imitator.
lydia-BARRY & FELIX-george
In Their Muscat Absurdity, "THE VAUDEVILLE CRAZE."
„„„- RAY BTJRTON" — -—
Equilibrist, Juggler and Novelty Rifle Shot. .. \ . .
HOWARD'S PONIES JOHNSON AND DEAN
Talking, Wrestling, Comedy Fonie*. I Dark town Aristocracy in New Songs and Dances
MISS MARY NCR MAN
The Hit of the Season— in New Society Caricatures.
THE BIOGRAPH j BROTHERS CARPOS
,'-'; 'Hew Views. . Novelty Gymnasts.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, October 16. Va \&til£?\bZ! i y
MOROCCO'S
V'altkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager
TO-DAY and TO-NIGHT LAST OF_ ■"_ '
THE LIGHTS O« LONDONI
NEXT WEEK
' FOURTH WEEK OF
JAMES ivu Ki^OPHY.
Initial Production of the Thrilling Drama.
STRAIGHT FROM THE HEART!
AN ENTRANCING STORY.
EXQUISITE. ■;■• ■
SPECTACULAR EFFECTS. ...
POPULAR PRICES telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 23 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 1% 1898.
he makes no mention of its translation
it is safe for any one familiar with his
work to say that this portion of the no
tice was written some time ago, prob
ably weeks before the opening took
place.
Yet, as I have said before, Mansfield
has had months of glorious advertis
ing, and this may pull him through the
season. The newspapers are great ed
ucators: Persons who never heard of
"Troilus and Cressida" know all about
"Cyrano de Berperac," and will not rest
until they see him and his nose on the
stage. I hope that Mr. Mansfield's
production may live to see San Fran
cisco. We are fairly burning for some
thing special, difficult and exclusive.
And even should the Alcazar keep its
word and give us nasal specialties, that
need not damage the prospects of
Mansfield's season. However, I shall
not believe the Alcazar's "Cyrano" un
til I see it. They plotted Ibsen on
O'Farrell street last year, and the Ib
senites are still waiting for him.
Jhe Columbia.
The attraction at ti.e Columbia to-mor
row night is iviathews and Bulger in "By
the Sad Sea Waves," a farce comedy
which they are pleased to call "a rag
time opera." These comedians played a
very successful fortnight at the Columbia
last year. The supporting company is a
large one and includes Josie de Witt and
her violin, Nellie Hawthorne, reputed an
English beauty; Marie Twohey, Eva Les
lie, Lizzie Sanger, Delcie Walker, Trixle
Wade. Bessie Challenger. Julia Ralph,
May Norton, Elizabeth Gerbervale. Will
Wt ~t. Robert Vernon. Ned Wa v born, Gil
bert Gregory. Gus Mortimer, W. H. Ma
cart, George Tabor and H. H. Bell.
The BaldWirv
Your last chance to see Blanche Bates'
remarkable creation of the dancing girl
In Jones' play of that name is to-night.
To-morrow night the Frawley company
will present another Daly comedy, "Love
in Harness." Miss Bates will play I'na
Urauart, the Jealous, mother-ridden Rirl.
and Mr. Frawley will be the husband.
Fanchon Campbell ar.d Alfred Hickmann
will tell tlii troubles of the ..asset couple
and Eleanor Carey and Sam Edwards will
be the parents. Among the others In the
cast are Frank Mathieu, Louis Payne,
Georgia Welles. Adora Williams, Lucille
La Verne and Eva Dennison. "The Pris
oner of Zenda" follows.
The TWoV.
The Tivoli has opened its comic season
very fortunately with "The Circus
Queen," ostensibly an old comic opera,
but in reality an up-to-date musical com
edy, much like the "Lion Tamer," gar
nished with good music from a score of
■ r sources. Ed Stevens has a strong
centra] part and does his usual finished
work Annie Meyers, the new soubrette.
Is well to tin front and El via Crox and
W H. W.-s-t ;iro Quite admirable. Ann;i
Lichter does surprisingly well in the
lighter vein and Phil Branson is a very
droll down. The choruses and finales are
illy taking, and the piece ought to
run for several weeks.
The /Vcazar.
"The Wife" is doing so well at the Al
TiVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mi> l.rr,*!i!ie Kreling, Prnpr *ur arid Uaoadoi
E\/ERV EVENING.
MIRTHFUL AND MELODIOUS.
THE BIG SHOW-
The Merry Operatic Fantasie,
"THE
CIRCUS QU^EN?"
A GREAT CAST.
Grand Matinee Every Saturday at 2 p. m.
NEXT:
"GIROFLE-GIROFLA !"
Popular Prices 26 and 50 Cents.
N. B.— A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c.
• Our Telephone— Bush 9.
i eazar that it will be continued all this
j week. Ernest Hastings, Gretchen Lyons,
I George Osbourne, Howard Scott and
Frank Denithorne have received repeated
curtain calls during the past week. "May
Blossoms" follows, and then "The Poli
tician," a clever comedy introduced here
a couple of seasons ago by Roland Reed.
(Vioroscos.
"Straight From the Heart," an Adelphl
melodrama by Sutton Vane that was
produced in New York last season, will
be given Its first performance here to
morrow night at Morosco's. The scenes
run all the way from a Parisian guillo
tine to the arid wastes of the Algerian
deserts, and there is a big bomb throwing
episode in a cafe at Paris. Mr. Bronhy
plays the part of a young American doc
tor. Leslie Morosco, Landers Stevens,
Fred Butler. Lorena Atwood and Julia
Blanc are prominent in the cast.
Jhe Orpheus
Several years ago Edwin Milton Royle,
author of "Friends," produced a play at
the California called "Captain Impu
dence." The local criticisms were to the
effect that there was too much in it, and
maybe they were right, for this week
Mr. Royle appears at the Orpheum in a
condensed version of the same play.
Other new cards are Lydia Barry and
George Felife in a musical act called "The
Vaudeville Craze." Ray Burton, an equi
librist and rifle expert, and Louis M.
Cravat, a whistler. Mary Norman ap
pears in new impersonations, and John
son and Dean will have new coon songs.
J^eW Gomedvj Theater
Clara Thropp and her company will ap
pear at the Comedy Theater Una week in
an operatic farce by the Inquiring title of
"Where's Matilda?" which is written by
Leopold Jordan. Miss Thropp is said to
be especially clever in the disguise of a
hackney cabman. In this part she is
taken before the Magistrate (her own
father) and charged with kidnaping her
self. The company numbers a score and
more.
Trv> /Vhambra.
The new bill at the Alhambra Is headed
by the Cuban Opera Company of twenty
pight people, who are known in the
island as the Buffos Haberneros. They
present operatic sketches of the butto
order and dances incidental to Cuban
life.
Robert Downing. Moreland, Thompson
and Roberts. Rising Opera Company,
and other vaudeville stars, will make up
the rest of the bill.
De Vnes' Gor\cert.
Maurice de Vries, one of the finest bary
tones who ever sang in San Francisco,
will give a concert in Sherman & Clay
Hall >>n Friday evening. He will sing
from the Frejieh, German and Italian
operas and ballads and will be assisted
by (.liulio Minetti, violinist, and Vincenzo
Lrsumando, pianist. Mr. de Vries goes
East shortly to join Melba, with whom he
is to appear during the grand opera sea
son at Moroscos.
Ghu:es er\d Zoo
There will be seven new turns in the
Chutes' bill, including Gib9on and Nash
("The oid maid and the tramp"). Dale
and Arthur, knockabouts, and Minnie Ar
thur, a little girl wiih a big barytone
voice.
J^irvricK's Recital.
Mr.-^nd Mrs. Max Heinrlch. who are
said to be, in a modest way, something
like the Henshels, will give three classic
song recitals in "Sherman & Clay .Hall
on Tuesday and Thursday evenings and
Saturday afternoon.
A member of the Paris Academy of
Sciences now holdq the palm fur rapid
photography. lie has succeeded in
successfully photographing the period
of the Hertzian oscillation, which oc
cupies less than the five-millionth of a
second. A rapidly rotating mirror was
employed and the explosive spark re
flected from it through a collimatlng
! AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN_THEATER.
TO-NIGHT .................LAST TIME
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY IN
THE DANCING GIRL!
BEGINNING O /V\OR ROW
• ; v And Continuing All Week,
A RUN OF FUN I A RUN OF FUN I
THE
FR A WLE Y
COMPANY
AND
BLANCHE BATES,
Presenting AUGUSTIN DALY'S Comedy,
LOVE IN HARNESS
An Amusing Tale of Matrimonial Eruptions'.
FFAWLEY PRICES—
. 25c, * Oc, 75c and $1.
October 24— Complete Production—
; , , . . .. THE PRISONER OF ZENDA
ALCAZAR THEATER.
. '- Seats "> by Phone— Main 254.
Prices ..15c, 25c, Ssc, 50c.
. . ALWAYS CROWDED.
TO-N1GHT....^..:....-....-.--...... ..THE WIFE.
TO-MORROW L EQINS THE
THE— =
WIFE!—
By Belaaco and De M!lle.
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY— GREAT CAST.
In Preparation....... MAY BLOSSOM.
CHUTES ZOO!
-EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
I AN UNPARALLELED I
VAUDEVILLE BILL a /
IN THE FREE THEATER!
KELLY and VIOLETTE. Society Sketch Art-
ists; GIBSON and NASH, the "Old Maid and
the ' Tramp"; S DALE and AR i HUR. [ Knock-
about Comedians; LITTLE : MINNIE | BERLIN,
Baritone; MASON and j LINBLEY, i Triple Hori-
zontal Bat Performers, and EUSAPIA; ; Political
Transformation :' Dancer. .% Great Hit of f LIL-
LIAN STEWART, the ."Tough Girl."
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c.
lens of very short focus, so as to pre
sent the spark in the focal pane of the
glass. Previous to this, Professor
Boys' photographs of bullets in their
flight was the best achievement in this
line.
JHE OUTEj< WOpLD.
Comment ar\d NeWs of Distant
Pla^s ar\d pMavjers.
Even though he gave Nat Goodwin the
famous Bob Acres wig, Joseph Jefferson
! continues to play in "The Rivals." He
' has Just opened his season in New York
: with the following cast: Otis Skinner as
Captain Absolute, Wilton Lackaye as Sir
Lucius O'Trigjser, Elsie Leslie, the origi
nal Little LorU Fauntleroy, as Lydia Lan
guish; Verner Clarg«s as Sir Anthony
Absolute, Ffolliot Paget as Mrs. Mala
prop, George Denham as David, Joseph
Warren as Faulkiand, George B. Woodall
as Fag and Blanche Bender as Lucy.
Edmond Rostand has translated the
first part of Goethe's "Faust." It will be
given at the Renaissance this year and
will offer the French another opportunity
to show that they cannot understand for
eign masterpieces. It will not be sur
prising to see them credit Rostand with
whatever is good in the drama.
Of New York taste for light things at
the theater Mark Twain says in the Oc
tober Forum: "You are trying to make
yourself believe that life is a comedy,
that its sole business is fun, that there
is nothing serious in it. You are ignor
ing the skeleton in your closet. You are
neglecting a valuable side of your life;
presently It will be atrophied. You are
eating too much mental sugar; you will
bring on Bright's disease of the intel
lect;"
These are epigrams from Henry Arthur
Jones' play, "The Liars," which John
Drew is presenting in New i'ork:
The one cruel fact about heroes la. that
they are made of flesh and blood.
Marriages are made in heaven, and if
once we set to work to repair celestial
mistakes and indiscretions we shall have
our hands full.
A secret liaison means in the end every
inconvenience and disadvantage of mar
riage without any of its conveniences and
rdvantages. It means endless discomfort,
worry and alarm. It means constant
sneaking and subterfuges of the paltriest,
pettiest kind.
The only objection to telling fibs Is that
you get found out. Not if you arrange
things not perhaps exactly as they were,
but as they ought to have been. In that
way a lie becomes a sort of idealized and
essential truth.
Since his arrival in this country Hall
Came. the English novelist, who came to
s.;e the dramatic production of his '"The
Christian," has attracted no end of com
ment regarding- his eccentric appearance
on the streets and the odd wearing ap
paref that he displays. The latest story
going the rounds, that the Manxman re
sembles Christ in his appearance, has
prompted Leandf-r Richardson to observe:
"I don't know that Hall Came is respon
sible for the industrious circulation of the
report that he bears a close resemblance
to the Savior, but the idea must have
originated in some highly imaginative
mind, for it is utterly without foundation
in fact. In reality Mr. Came looks like a
singed Irish terrier. His yet-up is spec
tacular. There is no doubt that in the
field of fiction Mr. Came is among the
most powerful writers of the time, but
what he needs is a shave and a hair cut
and a rational suit of clothes."
Chester Fernald, the author of "The
Cat and the Cherub," has written a
Japanese romantic comedy called "The
Moonlight BloBSOta," wrhlch will soon be
produced in London and New York.
Last season both "The Physician." by
Henry Arthur Jones, and "The Princess
and the Butterflies," by Pinero; dealt
with Ibe love in hearts that were 40 and
( ,ver. Now Walter Frith has written a
comedy for G- ->rge Alexander called "The
Man of Forty," which will exploit the
Fame theme.
A play with the title "Captain Drey
fus," written by George Okonowsky, was
AMUSEMENTS.
©© ® © © '© ® © ©®® ©■© ® '■© ® ® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
1 COLUMBIA THEATER. **** •^gggggS**: |
®_: J ■ ©
® bEGINNINGTO-MORRpW(MONDAY),OctoberI7. ®
W YOU HAVE PfOBABLY SEEN THEM— (5)
© IF SO, YOU HNOW THEM. : . - <: ~r\
© m ■ .THE REAL FUNNY BOYS. . . ®
® . : ... 1
© Presenting Their New Rae-Tlme Opera, w
•! BY THE SAD SEA WAVES! I
0 / \ Under the Direction of DUNNE AND RYLEY. ®
-. With All the Accessories of Sconery, Costume*, Ghorni and Brilliant Effects and With a Supporting ®
W Company Including ©
® • NELLIE HAWTHORNE. JOSIB DE U/ITT. ©
® With Stars is Strong as SAMPSON, ©
0 • A Performance of .Incomparable MERRITT, . . .
Management as SCHLEY as a Fox, *r
19 .. What More DEWEY Want? W
© ■( -. — ; : '■ ©
0 COMING .........SOWING THE WIND 0
®® ® ® ®.® ®®® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®®®® © ® ® ® ® © ® ® ©® ® ® ® ©
A I 14 A IV/IRD A ' COR - EDDr » nd JONBB.
'ALnAiVIDKA. Tel? South 435. \:.
Harry Jackson Sole Manager
THREE BIG SHOWS IN ONE!
CUBAN OPERA, .-"^
ROBERT DOWNING, *" NTS-
VAUDEVILLE «™
1 And the Drama. **> vUJN Ip.
"OVER THE SEA!" 50 CENTS.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
lintire Balcony .....:....:..... 10 Cents
Lower F100r. ...... •• ■ ...zo - enta
INOLESIDE COURSING PARK,
NEXT SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
A OREAT EVENT!
NON -WINNERS'
STAKE!
■ ■ ■■ ■,■'■'■ :> . : ■■.;■■ ' ■'^'■■■ >: ,'
October 22 and 23— An Open Stake. '
October 29 and 30— Sapling and an Open
Entrance fee to each stake will be $2 50.
To reach tht = Ingleslde Coursing Park take a
Mission-street . car and it / will land you at the
I. ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
forbidden by the police at Erfurt. It had 1
been performed without interruption at
Another Dreyfus play, called "Devil's
Island " is being acted at the Fourteenth
street Theater in New York. The char
acters. however, do not assume the act
ual names of the personages. The con
UNHAPPY HOUSE OF HAPSBURG.
THE tragic death of the Empress
of Austria startled and horrified
the whole world, hut especially
those who, like that unfortunate
lady, were seeking health and
recreation in beautiful Switzer
land. The rumor which was spread
around the lake on September 10
seemed an impossible one, especially to
us who live in sight of the hotel at
Caux, where her Majesty was staying.
Few people who saw the svelte figure
and youthful face of the Empress only
a week ago on the shores of the Lake
of Geneva would have believed that she
was in her sixty-first year. The most
beautiful woman of her time, whose
wealth of golden hair and regular fea
tures were renowned and whose viva
cious and amiable expression and no
ble character told the story of the af
fection in which she was held by her
pe6ple.
The Empress was the second daugh
ter of Duke Maximilian Joseph of Ba-
varia, and was born In the romantic
castle of Possenhofen, on the lake of
Starnberp. Her mother, Ducness Lu
dovica Wilhelmina, was a sister of
Princess Sophia of Bavaria, who was
the mother of Emperor Francis Jo
seph.
A marriage was practically arranged
between Francis Joseph, who was then
only 23 years old, and the eldest daugh
ter of Duke Maximilian Joseph when
the young Prince was sent to the cas
tle of Possenhofen to make the ac
quaintance of his future bride. The
Prince dismissed his carriage and at
tendants on the borders of the forest,
Intending to finish his journey on foot.
After a short walk he found himself
on the shores of the lake of Starnberg
with the prospect of a long detour if
he could not find some one to carry
him across. Fortunately, he discov
ered a young girl in a boat near the
shore. He hailed her and she con
sented to take him across. He was
much struck by her extraordinary
beauty and, concealing his identity,
talked to her all the way over.
Great was his surprise when she was
presented to him that night as his Cou
sin Elizabeth. From that moment he
abandoned his suit with her elder sis«
ter, who was greatly disappointed and
has never recovered from it. At a ball
given at Ischl the 16th of August, 1853,
the Emperor never left the side of the
Princess Elizabeth and at the end of
the evening he emphasized his atten
tions by presenting her with a superb
bouquet. Nevertheless the Princess
was greatly astonished when her hand
some cousin proposed the next day.
"It is Impossible," she exclaimed.
It took several days to convince her
that he was really in earnest and the
betrothal was not announced until
Aupust 24.
The first years of married life of the
Emperor and Empress were supremely
happy. Both young, handsome and at
the head of the greatest power of the
time, life seemed to hold everything
for them. Then commenced the series
of disasters which seem to have
reached- a culminating point in the
death of the Empress.
First came the death of their eldest
child while still in infancy.
OLYMPIA, c J!!."iS3y.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FKEE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN ST.A TtS.
COTTON AND MOLL,
Great Triple Bar Artists.
Direct From Tony Pastor's,
HELEN MI tAMAR,
The Chic Soubrette.
F. F FRf DrflwHS,
Celebrated Lyric Tenor.
The Great Eastern Favorite,
MISS IRENE FRANKLIN,
New Songs and Impersonations.
MISS GEORGE M;DERMOT,
Parisian Dancer.
MADELINE and O'hers.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
FINEST OF THE YEAR !
MASQUERADE
BALL!
CALIFORNIA STATE PROTECTIVE AS
SOCIaTION OF LIQUoR DEALERS.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL. SAN FRANCISCO.
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 22.
Prlles for most original costume; best patri-
otic costume; best sustained character; hand-
somest dressed lady.
Alcazar Orchestra, Kdward Lada, leader, will
furnish music. McKenzie Musical Society of
125 lady voices will render three selections at
midnight.
Grand March at 9 o'clock. Tickets $1.
elusion of the play i 3 arrived at by the
prisoner being rescued by an American
war correspondent.
Qod bliss the dear Krandmas of the
stage! Here is the London Sun saying
that "Bella Pateman was smart and
handsome as the fashionable Mrs. Els
mere."
Then the Emperor's favorite brother.
Maximilian, with his beautiful wife,
left full of hope and confidence to
found a new empire in Mexico, but in
reality to lay down his brave young
life to appease- the wrath- of the Mexi
cans. Poor Carlotta still drags out her
existence in a madhouse.
Then followed the death of their sec
j ond cousin, mad King Ludwig of Ba
j varia, who drowned himself and the at
! tendant who tried to save him in tha
' Tegernsee. During all this Austria
I was experiencing great political trou
i bles, which ended in the fall of Aus
trian power on 'the field of Sadowa.
j The Empress has done more by !i r
; sympathy with Magyar i«it-as to avoid
! open revolution and to attach the peo
ple of Hungary to the. dynasty than
all the schemes of statesman. The de
monstrations of affection for the impe
rial couple at the celebration of- their
silver wedding in 1879 will always be
remembered.
The Emperor said to Dr. yon Smolka
at the time of the Crown Prince's
death: "How much I owe to my wife
in these days of bitterness and what
a support she has proved to me I can
not describe." It was the terrible
death of her only son that told so
greatly on the health of the Empress
and obliged her to travel constantly in
search of the peace which she has only
just found. The mystery of Rudolph's
death has been discussed and explained
in many ways, but I think it la BOW
generally conceded that he and the poor
Baroness Marie Vecsera met their
death at the hands of her uncle. She
was engaged to be married to her un
cle and her family greatly approved of
the match. She, however, cared noth
ing for him and announced her inten
tion of aroing to Meyerling with the
Crown Prince. Her uncle told her it
she did so he would kill them both, and
as she persisted he carried out hist
threat. She was carried at midnight,
clad only in a wrapper, by her uncle
to the convent of the Nuns of St. Croix
at Heiligenkreuf, near Voslan and bu
rled. The only witness of the deed
was the coachman, who was induced
by large sums of money to leave the
country and who died within the year.
It was evidently thought safer to get
rid of him.
It seems strange that a cousin of Ru
dolph's widow, Prince Baldwin of Flan
ders, whose brother recently visited the
United States, should have been found
dead in as mysterious circumstances.
In this case the wild young Prince, who
was heir to the Belgian throne and ne
phew of the present King, was sup
; posed to have met his death at the
i hands of his uncle for not showing suf
i ficient respect for a lady the King ad
mired.
Among other things that have
grieved the Emperor and Empress was
the elopement of a cousin, a Princess
of Bavaria, with a young German of
ficer a few- years ago.
The court was plunged into mourn
ing for the sister of the Empress, tne
Duchesse d'Alencon, who was so terri
bly burned to death in the Charity L'.;t
zaar lire in Paris a little over a year
ago. And just recently great anxiety
has been felt at Vienna over the possi
ble fate of the Queen Regent of Spain,
who was an Austrian Archduchess, and
her little son.
Added to all these sorrows, the Em
peror has the grief of knowing that the
empire will probably fall at his death,
as he has no. worthy successor.
AMUSEMENTS.:
CpMEDY_THEATER.
MATINEE «C ft To All Parts. 1 TO-
ITO-DAY.l TO-DAY. ZOb . Gallery; 15c. -NIGHT
. . .SOUVENIRS TO ALL... . ..
LAST TIMES OF
THE SIGNAL OF LIBERTY!
STARTING TO : MORROW (Monday) EVENING
CHARMING.
- LOVELY, - : ;
CLEVER
CLARA THROPP
In the Operatic Farce Comedy Success, .
WHERE'S
MATILDA?
UP TO DATE. •- ; ' . ' >.'-
PRETTY GIRLS— ■ CATCHY MUSIC
BRIGHT AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES. -
SOUVENIR MATINEES:
WED .......BONBONS
SAT " LA FRANCE ROSES
SUN MISS THROPP'S PHOTOGRAPHS
*'atlnee Price5.. ;....... j... 25c to All Parts
Evening Prices ... Isc, 23c, 35c and 50c
CFATCCO MEDT THEATER and x -
OL/i 1O 710 MARKET STREET.
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY!
GLEN PARK—The Mission Zoo.
GRAND OPENING SUNDAY. OCT. .18.
• CAN HE DO IT? :-
PROFESSOR J. WILLIAMS, the World-Re-
-. . nowned High Wire Athlete. s
Will -attempt the hazardous and -unprecedented
feat of walking a wire cable 1000 feet in length
across Glen Park Canyon 300 feet above. th»
ground for a wager of $500. . ■'■ ■. ■ '.-, ;
GRAND BALLOON ASCENSION AND PARA-
- CHUTE DESCE-./.
Concert commencini: at 12 o'clock by the
Fourth Cavalry Band, 20 pieces,' mounted. : .
MORKO CASTLE, ' ull of Interesting -.Animals.
•-■ Children's Playground, Free to All. _-■ :;
Plenty of Swings and Seesaws • and other at-
tractions. Take Mission or Valencia st. cars
and transfer at Fourteenth to San Mateo Im*.
or take Sutter-st. cars and transfer at Harri-
son st.^ ■ ' , '■ 1 •
* Admission, 10c; no further charge,' Soldiers in
■uniform . admitted free. . ' ' ■'.■'.'-.. . :■: ■- •- "_
SUTRO BATHS. i
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, AT 2:30 P. M.
SWIMMING RACES
' FOR VALUABLE PRIZES -. . f ']
And Music by the GAULOISE BAND. - : --■
J ;■; ADMISSION, 10c. : CHILDREN, Be.
1 . Open Daily • from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m. ,
s '■ - '■
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Bank clearing." keep even.
Wheat easier and Barley steadier.
Oats. Corn and Rye quiet.
Bran advanced. Hay unchanged.
Beans and Seeds as before.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter weaker. No change In Eggs.
viame Mill In bad condition.
Cantaloupes doing better.
Another advance in Win* Grapes.
Limes scarce and higher.
Pried Fruit still dull.
No change in Provisions.
Hogs weaker again.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports ?ix
failures in the Pacifif Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
with seven for the previous week and
twenty-one for the corresponding week or is.'..
The" failures for the past week are divided
I the trades as folows: General stores, 
liouors, 2; grocer, 1; iron works, 1.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $19,233,
221, against $13,017,276 for the same week last
year.
MONEY CIRCULATION.
According to a treasury statement the money
In circulation In the United States on the Ist
of October was as follows:
Gold coin * e22 -« 9 ' S
Silver dollars fifeS
Small silver S'Sl'sS
Gold certificates 3..,393>39
Silver certificates 393,425,735
Treasury notes 1'6.7'4 ,:Vi
United States notes 281.660.1f0
Currency certificates , 17,630,000
National bank notes 281,750,720
Total J1.516.596.392
997. 1,678,840,538
Increase $137,755,854
The circulation per capita is given at $24 24.
The net Increase in circulation for the month of
er was $24,4.''.'.M7.
■ • was a decrease of $8,000,000 in gold coin
last month, tm an Increase of $3.000.0u0 in sil
ver dollars I n small silver, $2,000,000
in treasury notes and $19,000, 0'J0 in United
States notes.
THE GOVERNMENT CASH BOX.
l'n:ted State? Treasurer Kills H. Roberts re
ports the amounts of money on hand at the
close of September as follows:
, in $168,891,876
Gold bullion 116,299,578
Silver dollars (04,045.769
Small silver 9,196.708
Silver bullion 56.0t6.097
Total specie 1788.000.037
Vnlted States notes 55.020.50 l
Treasury notes of 1890 1.844.997
Gold certificates 1.596.890
Silver certificates 6,636.769
Currency certificates 820,001
National bank notes 3.659.2ti5
Minor coin, etc 993.470
Deposits in national banks 80.555.712
Miscellaneous 638.543
Total $940. 135,524
At the close of September. 1597. the money in
these vaults amounted to $550,365,631. Of this
amount J6J5, 043,411 was in specie, including:
$154,335,370 in gold coin and $30,223,294 in gold
bullion. The silver bullion on hand is over
$7,000,000 less than it was a year ago.
During the month of September there was a
ret increase of $14,000,000 in gold coin on hand
and $11,000. in gold bullion.
COINAGE OF THE MINTS.
The coinage of the different United States
Mints during the first nine months of the year !
amounted to $72,871,390, against t78.100.091 dur- ;
Ing the same time in 1597, and consisted of the
following descriptions:
Double eagles $3>>,978,f>00 00
Eagles 975,9110 00 :
Half eagles 8,351,830 00
Quarter eagles 292 50
Silver dollars 9,016.475 00 |
Hal: dollars 1,792,32150
Quarter dollars ...: 1,819,266 75 j
Dimes 1,021,047 60
Five cents 486.272 10 i
Cents 425.994 34 i
The total for last year Included $48,3*30,680 in
double eagles, or $10,000,000 more than was
coined this year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 18, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, SS; Fresno, 78; Los Angeles, 74; Red
Bluff, 76; San Luis Oblspo, 86; San Diego, 64;
Sacramento, 78; Yuma. 94.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, .'-4: mean, 62.
"WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.
An area of unusually high pressure prevails
this evening over Washington, Oregon and the
plateau region, while the pressure is slightly
the normal in Southern Arizona. The
ire has risen over the entire Pacific slope.
temperature has fallen in all districts,
except along the immediate coast.
Tl weather is partly cloudy in Washington
and over the Rocky Mountain region; elsewhere
it Is clear.
Light rain has fallen in the Rocky Mountain
region and along the coast of Southern Cali
fornia.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather
Sunday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 16, 18&S:
Northern < "alifi.rnia— Fair, warmer Sunday;
fresh to brisk north wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fre3h north
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair Sunday; killing frost Sunday
night.
Arizona — Fair, cooler Sunday; killing frost in
north portion Sunday night.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair, warmer
Sunday; fresh north wind.
lal from Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind
north. 20 miles; temperature. 63; maximum, 67.
U. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— There was little
change In the character of the stock market
to-day, the erratic tendencies of the leading
Industrial specialties keeping the general list
generally unsettled. The opening decline was
general and was reflected from abroad. Both
tobacco and sugar went down at the opening,
but Sugar reached the point of resistance and
encountered large buying which put the bears
on mettle again. They covered quite freely,
and ran the price up to 112. Urgent demand
then stopped for the day, but the range was
held above last night's close. Tobacco dropped
oft* 3<4 points to 114%, and closed at about the
lowest. The continued disposition of Northern
Pacific to sag also checked any upward tend
ency and discouraged activity in the railroad
list. There was a conspicuous movement In
the late dealings in Louisville and Southern
preferred. Trade attributed this to the pros
pects of relief from the yellow fever by the
coming of cold weather, but in the case of
Southern railroads there were reports of an ap
proaching dividend declaration. The picking
up of high grade dividend stocks in small lota
was a continued healthful feature of the mar
ket. A feature of the dealings In the outside
market was the new Federal Steel Company,
the securities of which are to be listed on the
Stock Exchange Monday. The stock market en-
Joyed a brier upward reaction toward the mid
dle of the week owing to a recovery In the
group of stocks which has exercised an un
settling Influence ■ for some time past; but
a ' ' recurrence of weakness in the
stocks has led to surmises whether their re
covery was not due simply to the closing of
a bear speculation, leaving them for the future
■without even the sustaining force of a large
outstanding short Interest. The advance in
the general list lias halted on account of thl3
doubt in si':' i of the many undercurrents of
strength which have manifested themselves.
There Is a general confidence In the strength of
the financial and .business uutiook so that when
Tobacco began to advance on the strength
of the announced acquisition of an opposi
tion plug tobacco plant and Sugar
gave evidence of resistance to the
long decline with the reported " advance in
price of low grade refined sugars and Northern
I a '.fie was heavily bought by the same brok
ers whose earlier selling waR said to represent
Inside conflicting Interests the small room
traders all turned from bears to bulls, and
large financial interests proceeded to bid up the
price of • properties in which they were inter
ested right merrily. But Sugar, Northern Pa
cific and Tobacco all turned downward again
and brought to the surface only more the ele
ments of doubt and hesitation.
It is accepted as the natural order of things
In Wall street that there shall be a period of
dullness and reaction preceding a Congres
sional or Presidential election. There Is felt
to be room tor some uneasiness also over the
foreign political situation, the domestic un
rest in France, the Anglo-French situation,
the conflict of Interests which may be precipi
tated by the extraordinary events in China and
the money stringency In Berlin. . The latter
part of the week has seen a relapse Into dull
ness In the Stock Exchange and a renewal of
bear tactics which is always a feature of bull
markets. The ■ events of the week in financial,
circles were the advance in Bank of England's
minimum rate of discount from 3 to 4 per cent,
the sharp rise In the private discount rate In
London in response to ■ ■••- bank's borrowings
from the market and the rise in the rate of ex
change in London and Paris. The effect has
been while the demand and cable transfers on
London have hardened In New York those in
Paris and Berlin have fallen In spite of the
advance in discount rate of the Imperial Ger
man bank to 6 per cent «nd ■' Austrian bank
to 4H per cent on Monday. It Is clear enough
that the Bank of England la maneuvering to
divert the movement from the United States
for gold upon Paris and London. Meantime
money rates In New York are tending steadily
downward, so that money in cheaper here than
in any of the other great financial markets
except Paris. The credit balance which is be
ing accumulated Tn this — "-ntry's favor in
stead of being drawn upon is left at interest.
The week's increase of $10,023,300 In loans by
New York banks must be accounted for in largo
part by the investment movement in sterling
exchange. The September trade statement
shows a favorable trade balance of over $42.
000.000. for nine months past of $393,955,091, and
for twelve months past of $593,591,330.
The past week's demand for grain for ex
port, future engagements of vessel room and
offerings of future exchange against grain de
liveries, seem to fix the conviction that the
world will absorb our large surplus of wheat
at good prices and thus insure a further large
increase in the country's heavy trade balance.
The market for railroad bonds has been
rather dull, but there has been a good demand
I for high grade investment bonds. United
. States new fours advanced 3%: do coupon and
I the old fours coupon, %; the threes and fives,
I ft, while the old fours registered declined 1 %
in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 110,400
share?, including: Burlington aid, L. & N.
3290, , Northern Pacific 10.0 SO, St. Paul 4350, Erie
preferred 6731, Tobacco 33.305, Sugar 23.360.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P M & M 172
Do --pfd 33% So Pacific 23
13 &O. all ast pd. 45 So Railway 8%
Canada Pacific .. 824 Do prefd 34%
Canada Southern. B2Vi Texas & Pacific... 13%
Central Pacific .. 25 Union Pacific .... 32*4
Ches * Ohio 21ft Do prefd 65
i Chi & Alton 152 v P D & G 1%
: Chi B & Q 114 Wabaeh 7%
Chi & E 111 63% Do prefd 20ft
Do prefd 105 W&LE,4th ast pd. 3%
• C C C &St L.... 384 Do prefd 13 .
Do prefd S6 Express Companies —
Del & Hi/dson... 104 Adams/Ex 108
: Del L & W 145 American Ex .... 130
Den & R G 12% United States 40
Do prefd 63% Wells Fargo 120
Erie (new) 13 Miscellaneous —
Do Ist prefd.... 33% A Cot Oil 36
I Fort Wayne 170 Do prefd 85
Gt Nor prefd .... 13Sft Amn Spirits 11%
Hocking Valley... , Do prefd 34
Illinois Central 108% Am Tobacco 114%
Lake Erie & W.. 13*4 Do prefd IIS
Do prefd 624 People's Gas 103%
l Lake Shore 1924 Cons Gas 170%
i Louis & Nash.... ■ 54% Com Cable Co 179
| Manhattan L .... 94% Col F & Iron 204
Met St Ry lbl"* Do prefd 80
i Mich Central .... 106 Gen Eiec new.... 78%
| Minn & St L 26 Illinois Steel SOft
Do Ist prefd.... 884 Laclede Gas 47
Mo Pacific 324 Lead 324
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Do prefd 108 '
Mo X & T 10% Nat Lin Oil 1%
Do prefd 29% Haw Com Co 42
Chi Ind & L 74 Pacific Mail ..... 324
Do pre£d 274 Pullman Palace... 197%
N J Central 81% Silver Certificates 59%
N V Central lI6W Stand R & T 6
: N V Chi & St L.. lift Sugar 111*4
Do Ist prefd 60 Do prefd 107
Do 2d prefd.... 31 T C & Iron 26%
Nor West 13 IT S Leather 6
No Amer Co 6% Do prefd 64
! No Pacific 40 US Rubber 3^
1 Do prefd 75*4 Do prefd 101
Ontario & W IS West Union 91%
Or R & Nay 52 C & N W 130
Or Short Line 2* Do prefd 1754
: Pittsburg 169 St L& S W 4%
! Reading 17 Do prefd 11 %
Do Ist prefd.... 46* s R G \V 27
Rock Island 101 Do prefd 65
;St Louts & S F.. 7%.1nU Paper Co 54
Do Ist prefd BSH . Do prefd 87
Do 2d prefd.... 29% Pac C Ist prefd... 81
ISt Paul ]!*>■* Do 2d prefd 61
Do prefd 159*, Chicago G W 13%
;St P & Om 7;< Minn Iron 125
I Do prefd 157
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 105% J C os 113%
U S new 4s r ex intl26%!N Carolina 6s 122
Do coupon 127% j Do 4s 103
U S4s 11l No Pac lsts 1164
Do coupon 112 Do 3s 604
Do 2ds 99 Do 4s 1004
I* S 5s reg ex int.. N V C & St L 45.. 104%
Do 5s coupon 112% Nor & W 6s 123
District 3 65s 1174 Northwestrn c0n5. .142%
Ala class A 108 Do deb 5s 120%
Do B 108 O Nay lsts 113
Do C 105 O Nay 4s 994
Do Currency 105 <> B Line 6s tr 127%
Atchison 4s 93T-8 i) S Line 5s tr 106 ft
Do adj 4s 71% Pacific 6s of 95 1024
(■'an Bo 2ds 108% Reading 4.s 81%
Chi Term 4b 594 R G W lsts 57%
C & Ohio 55... 117 Ist L& I M C 55... 97
C H & D 4fts 104% St L & S F G C 5...119%
D & X G lsts 110>VSt P Con 159%
D & R G 4s !<7V£t P C & P 15t5. ...120
East Term l«ta 105%| Do Es 117%
Erie Gen 4s 71 So Railway 5s 974
F W "--• D lsts tr... 744 Stand R & T 65.... 77
Gen Elec 5s 108 ;Tenn new set 3s 93ft
li II &SA 6s 104 Tex Pac L G 15t5. .107
Do 2ds 105 Do reg 2de 45
II & T Css 11l Union Pac 4s 99%
Do con 6s 19 U P D & G lots 77
lowa lsta 1054 Wabash Ist 5s 113%
La new con 4s 103 Do 2ds 88
I. & N Unl 4s 904 W Shore 4s 1C9%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 784
MX & T 2ds 624 Do deferred 7%
Do 4s SS% Wis Central lsts... 69%
N V Central lsts... ll3ft
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Do preferred 56ft ■
Call loans 2 <fr2*/i Ed Elec Tel 195
Time loans 3 @4 Gen Elec prfd 166 ;
Stocks— Atchison prfd 33% i
AT & S F 12% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 11 1H Atchison 4s 93
Do preferred 1074 Mining Shares —
Bay .State Gas 14 Allouez Mm C 0.... 34
Bell Telephone 276 Atlantic 264
Boston & Albany. .2so Boston & Mont 236%
Boston *: Maine 161 ;Butte & Boston 314
Boston & L 69% Calumet & Hec1a..575
C B & Q 1144 Centennial 19%
Fitchburg 104% Franklin 13%
Gen Electric 79 Old Dominion 28%
Mcx Central 4% Osceola 62
Old Colony 190 iQuincy 119
Rubber 38 Tamarack 174
Union Pacific 324 Wolverine 27
West End 85ft Parrott 23
Do preferred 107 iHumboldt 5%
Westlnghse Elec... 33ft I
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 5 Ontario 4 00
Crown P6lnt 8 Ophlr 40
Con Cal & Va 84 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry 15 Do preferred 3 50
Hale & Norcrofis.. 90 Sierra Nevada 70 j
Homestake 60 00 Standard 160
Iron Silver GO Union Con 18
Mexican 13. Yellow Jacket la
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. Oct. 15.— Financier says:
Owing to the heavy increase of $6,337,400 in the i
business of New York clearing house banks for
the week ending October 15, reserve require
ments rose four millions and over. The gain
of $5,000,000 in cash, due to receipts of specie,
more than counterbalanced the extra require
ment on reserve account, so that in the face of I
an expansion of $10,023,300 in loans, the surplus- !
cash in bonks increased nearly $1,000,000. This, j
it is needless to say. is a very favorable show- I
ing. The changes, as usual, can be traced to
the operations of a few banks, one institution !
having made about half the new loans and '
gained accordingly In deposits. But aside from
this, there seems to have been a general de- |
mand for accommodation that has swelled the j
total of a large number of institutions. The j
banks report a firmer demand for money from -
the interior, and their shipments last week I
aggregated perhaps $2,000,000. On the other !
hand, the treasury disbursements and receipts j
from abroad resulted in a gain in cash about j
as reported In the statement. The Increase in !
loans as reported was much heavier than had j
been anticipated, and caused some surprise. It i
cannot be set down to transactions with the ■
treasury, as its bond transaction is about
closed. The general business conditions and
the speculative situation do not seem to war
rant the sudden activity in this particular, and
it is probable that the loans reflect an accumu
lation of foreign credits In the form of long ]
sterling bills,- rather than domestic transac
tions. The position of international exchanges,
owing to advancing rates abroad, and the
heavy demand for grain, will tend Inevitably to
the postponement of gold imports and their
conversion into sterling loans. This does not
mean that the balance owing to the United I
States abroad will be settled without gold Im- !
ports, but that the proOCM of borrowing by j
Europe will be repeated. The record of Sep
tember exports, which were exceeded only once I
for the same month in the history of the coun- !
try, and of imports, which continue to show a
diminution. Indicate a balance at the end of
the year over that of any known. What the j
balances of the last year meant is best read In i
the records of gold imports. There is nothing
to Indicate that the same process is not to be
repeated," but with about $90,000,000 of treasury '■
money In the banks It is difficult to say how |
soon the effect of IS9B. exports ■ will thus be
shown. One thing is certain, there is nothing
in the situation to indicate an advance. in rates,
as the treasury policy tends to the opposite
result; . • -
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet to-day with a great
improvement. Americans were • exceptionally
dull on the New York lead, but the absence of
sales by that market caused a favorable dis- ,
position here.
There is much uncertainty as to whether New
York Is buying gold or not. Half the press, for
example, say this morning that New . York
bought yesterday's gold arrival from the Cape,
while the others say that- Berlin bought It.
From reliable quarters I learn that New York
is not buying for the moment; indeed, an In
formal report is - current that ' New York Is
lending money in the market. Spanish 4s and
Kaffirs were better on Paris improvement.
■ CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 85; Grand. Trunk, 7%; Bar
Silver, steady, 27 11-16 d; Money, 3 per. cent. t .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. FLOUR— Receipts, 19,
467; exports,, 20,270 barrels; market firm.
WHEAT— Receipts, 264,900 bushels; exports,
66,185 bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red. 74% c
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened "tMnu on Liv
erpool cables, eased -.01. under sales -for both
accounts but displayed final strength on a re
newal ?of large export demand. Closed -; un
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
! changed to %c higher; No. 2 red May, 70%@
1 714 c; closed. 71c.
HOPS— Strong. State, common to choice,
: 1596 crop, 6@Sc; 1897 crop. ll@13c; 1898 crop,
17@20c; Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, s<ffßc; 1597. 11®
i 13c; 1898. 17iS:20c.
i WOOL— Dull; fleece, 17@23c.
! METALS— The market has shown steady im-
I provement during the past week, closing to
i day quite firm in nearly all departments.
' Business was rather light to-da-. but picked
i up very encouragingly of late and promises to
I broaden materially next week. '
PIGIRON— Steady; Southern, $9 75@11; North
ern. Jlo@ll 50.
COPPER— Firm; Lake brokers, $12; casting
! copper, $11.
i LEAD— Quiet; brokers, $3 75. The firm nam
i ing the settling price for leading miners ana
! smelters at the West quotes lead at $3 <a.
i TlN— Market quiet.
j COFFEE— Options closed quiet; unchangea.
Sales, 12.250 bags, including December, $5 50;
i March, $5 75; August and September. $6. Spot
i Coffee— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice. 64c; No. 7
jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. *>@* 5(;
1 SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 U-16®
! 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4V4c; molasses, 3 <-lb
i (ft 34c. Refined, steady; mold A. VAC standard
! and confectioners' A, 47* c; cut loaf and
I crushed, 54c; powdered and cubes, o4c; granu
"bUTTER — Receipts, 2850 packages; firm.
I Western creamery, 16©Kc ; Elgins, 22c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4418 packages; firm. West-
em, lS4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— California dried fruits
c" : APORATED APPLES-Common. 7@Bc per
pound; prime wire tray, 84c; choice and rancy,
9c
PRUNES— 4(^B4c, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS-Hoyal. 11^13c; Moorpark : ltfj,l6c.l t fj,l6c.
PEACHES-Unpeeled, 7(&9c; peeled, 12<gl5c per
pound.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 15.— Before the opening re
ports were received from Liverpool that the
i market there had recovered all that it lost
■ yesterday. The news had an appreciable ci
! feet on the early trading here, Ilrst .sales be
! ing at an advance overnight of VsV"-
Though they continued to send reports or
large export engagements the news had much
less Influence than usual, the prevailing opin
ion being that reports of previous .lays this
week j»-ere very much exaggerated and that the
advices to-day might be duplicated, One un
favorable feature of the market, and one which
: had a great deal of influence in shaping the
i course of prices, was the weakening of the
i cash grain In the Northwest and reports from
! Minneapolis of a pause in the demand for flour.
i The primary market receipts for the day were
1,682.000 bushels, against 1,203,000 a year ago.
i The reports of the export engagements at the
seaboard finally ran up to 108 boatloads. This
was entirely Ignored, however, af 113 , t^ c . m^ r1,,!r 1 ,,!. 1
continued to weaken during the last half hour.
Influenced by lack of speculative demand and
free liquidating by discouraged longs. .De
cember closed at 64ft@64%c, ftc lower.
A sharp upturn at Liverpool caused corn to
i sell at the highest price touched on the pres
i ent rise. Commission houses executed a fair
i number of buying orders, but the demand
! proved- Insufficient to hold the market there
I being considerable long property for sale and
: one or two prominent Interests selling quite
freely. December left off unchanged to 4c
There was quite a lively trade for the first
hour in oats and the market ruled strong at
advanced values. Later prices started down- ;
ward and finally wound up at the bottom figure :
of the day. May closed with a [OH of He
An advance of 5c in hogs at the yards and j
more reassurinsr news regarding the yellow
fever situation In the South were the strength- |
ening influences In provisions at the opening.
The weakness in grain and freer sales by
brokers and commission firms caused a sub- j
stantial reaction later. Pork is unchanged to ,
'• 24c down, lard 2ftc higher and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— : ' -, v
October ■••• "4%
December 65% 65% 644 64%
! May 6«U 6G4 65% R5%
! OciXr N0 2 :: 31 3! 30% 30%
! December 31* 31% 30% 31
: May 33% 33% 33 SZ%
Dumber' 0 :. 2 "..... 22% 23 22% 22%
! May 23V4- 23% 23% . .23%
December ..'..^. . ....sTo 814 795 7 97ft
i December SlO 8M 795 7 9,4
i January 930 930 9 174 920
Lard, per 100 lbs— , „-,,
December 4 974 500 495 4 O.ft
January .5 07ft 6 07ft 5 024 5t6
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
I October 5 37*4 5 374 5 374 537-/4
| January 480 4 h24 4 7:. 4 ;7ft
Cash quotations were as rollows: Flour,
steady; spring special brands. $4f(i4 10; hard
patents, »3 40-&3 60; soft. $3 20© J 140; winter
straights. $3 101&3 20; No. 2 spring Wheat, 64%**
86c; No. 3 spring Wheat. 62j?64ftc; No. 2 red,
674 c: No. 2 Corn. 30%@30%c; No. 2 Oats, 22% c;
No. 2 white, 25®26c; No. 3 white. 24@25c; No. 2
Rye, 49@49Hc; No. 2 Barley, 32ftS45c: No. 1
Flaxseed. 91c: Prime Timothy Seed, $2 40; Moss
Pork, per bbl, 77 90©7 96; Lard, per 100 lbs.
$5 02ft@5 05; Short Ribs Sides (loose), $5 20<H>
5 45: Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), $4 50®4 62ft;
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 2505 45: Whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gal, $1 25; Sugars,
cut loaf. 6.77 c; granulated, S.l4c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbla 14.100 7,100
Wheat, bu 218.000 100.400
( ; orn bu 587.700 200.600
Oats' bu 452,000 157,000
Rye bu 24,000 l.OrtO
Barley, bu .140,000 48.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13@21c; dairies,
12017 c. Eggs firm and active; fresh, 15c.
Cheese dull; creameries, 7%@8%c.
"WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. Bushel*.
Minneapolis 413,400 - 25,740
Puluth 481.902 649.413
i Milwaukee 58,500 91,750
Chicago 218,000 100,881
Toledo 46,163 2.C00
St Louis.... 137,000 IW.OOO
Detroit ..- 33.076 .26.034
Kansas City 161,500 109.VK)
Totals 1.549,546 1.109,423
Tidewater-
Boston 18.097
New York 246,975 s*. 135
Philadelphia 55.336 2,432
' Baltimore 306,744 125.K17
New Orleans 64,513
Oalveston 40,700
Totals €63,872 251,->'.'7
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
1 Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 10% 6 10*4 5 S»
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour Oct. -Apr.
Opening 47 75 46 7."
Closing ••••
Wheat —
j Opening 2190 '2103
Closing- .^™^^.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
I CHICAGO. Oct. 16.— CATTLE— is usual on
Saturday the cattle receipts to-day were too
j small to make a market. The few offerings of
i medium-grade cattle were disposed of slowly at
: prices unchanged from yesterday. A large in
! crease In receipts Is looked for.
HOGS— Were 2V4@sc higher; $3 40@>4 50 for
! common droves, $3 8698 95 for the best lots, the
j bulk of the offerings crossing the, scales at
$3.70®3 90. Pigs sold largely at $3 35@3 60.
SHEEP— Prime native wethers sold at $4 50@»
I 4 65; fair to choice, $3 75@4 33; fair to prime
i Western range sheep, $4 15(8)4 50; choice ship
1 ping lambs, 55 86<8'6 10; common grades, $4 50®
5 80.
Receipts— 400; hogs, 17,000; cheep, 4000.
OMAHA. .
OMAHA, Oct. 15.— CATTLE— 1400.
Market steady; native beef steers. $4 60@5 40;
i Western steers, $3 7004 30; Texas steers, $3 50®
3 90; cows and heifers, $3 25<3>4; canners, $2 25(3
3; stockerF and feeders, $3 60@4 60; calves, $4 60
<g6 50; bulls and stags, $2 30@3 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 665. Market s@loe higher;
heavy, $3 50(g3 70; mixed, $3 6503 67%; light,
$3 70<S3 75; bulk of sales. $3 65@3 70.
! SHEEP— Receipts. 1200. Market, steady; na
! tive muttons, $3 80@4 50; Western muttons,
| $3 50@4 30; stockers, $3 50@4 10; lambs, $4 50®
5 50. . ,-....
t KANSAS CITY. • \
KANSAS CITY. Oct. ' 15.— CATTLE— Receipts.
; i 100. Market unchanged. .--
HOGS— Receipts, 4500. Market 5c higher; bulk
i of sales. $3 65@3 65; heavies,' $3 43@3 75; pack
i ers, $3 50^3 67%; mixed, $3 SOIL'S 65; lights, $3 40
' 03 62%; yorkers, $3 60@3 65; pigs, $3 26@3 65.
; SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Market firm; lambs,
I $4 50(g5 35; muttons. $3@4 25.
DENVER.
< DENVER, Oct. CATTLE— Receipts, 2000.
Market active nt steady prices. Beef steers,
1 i $3 7F.(g>4 26; cowa, $3@3 60; feeders, freight paid
to river, $3 75@4 25; stockers. freight paid, $3 70
@4 20; bulls, stags, etc., $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market oc higher. Light
I packers. $3 65@3 70; mixed, $3 605 3 65; heavy,
I $3 55(fr3 65. ' ' '
'■■ SHEEP— Receipts. 11,000., Market steady, but
| quiet. Good fat muttons, $3®4 25; lambs, >4@
'. 5 25.
' , FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. -15.— Consols, 109 5-16; Silver,
. 27 11-16 d; French rentes, 102f ; 12V4c.
: Wheat cargoes "oft coast, nothing doing; car
goes on passage, more inquiry; cargoes. Walla
Walla, 29b: cargoes. Oregon. 30s. .
• LIVERPOOL, i Oct. Wheat, % firm ; No. 1
I standard California, 6s Sd; -. Wheat in Paris,
1 firm; Flour In Paris, quiet. B .
COTTON— 3 3-32 d. .
CLOSE.
. r. WHEAT— firm ; . No. 1 \ red Northern
spring, 6s 2^d; futures closed .quiet; : October,
6s 10% d; December, 5s 10% d; March, 5s 9d. ■ *
CORN — firm; American mixed. . 3s 7^d;
futures firm; October, November and Decem
ber, 3s 7V4d. - , '■■••; : ' . --.-.-
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 8s 3d.
, HOPS— At London; Pacific Coast, firm. ■
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 15.— The gold and silver
movement at New York for the week ending
to-day was:
Exports of fold. $3200; of silver, $932,084.
Imports of gold, $1,963, 305; of silver, $47,710.
PORTLAND' BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. Exchanges, $184,
520; balances, $33,231.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 15.— Difficulty in se
curing tonnage will probably cause the crop
to move slowly throughout the season, and to
day's exporters were more anxious for ships
than they were for Wheat, although they were
openly quoting 60c for Walla Walla and 62@C3c
for valley and blue stem.
Cleared— British bark Invernrie, for Queens
town, with 84,282 bushels of Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 15.— Wheat— 60*4 c; blue
stem, 634 c. -
-— — • —
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — I* 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 85ft
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — ®J
Mexican Dollars 47*4 *7%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market was easy and futures
declined. Spot values were unaffected.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 18%@1 20; milling,
$1 iift@l 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal tession— 9:ls o'clock— December—
22,000 ctls, $1 21%; 22,000, $1 214; 26,000, $1 21%.
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 21%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 6ooo ctls,
$1 21%; 10,000. $1 21%; 22.000, Jl 21H
BARLEY—The spot market was a fraction
firmer. • Futures were dull, but advanced on
the last call.
Feed, $1 17ft@l 21%; Brewing, $1 25 for No. 2.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 ?4V<; 2000, ?1 24%; 2000. $1 24%; 4dOo, $1 25.
OATS— The market continues quiet at easy
quotations. Offerings are ample for all needs.
Fancy Feed, $1 25@1 274 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 204? 1 224; common, $1 15^1 174; Sur
prise. $1 3091 X'; Gray, $1 l.Vgl 20; milling,
$1 20ra>l 25 per ctl; Red. $14*§1474: Black,
1 70.
CORN— Dullness still characterixes thle mar-
ket.
Small round yellow, $1 20; Eastern large yel
low $1 06@l 074: white, $1 10: mixed. $l@l OS
per ctl: California White, $1 12ft@l 15.
California, firmly held at $1 22ft®l 25;
Eastern, $1 174 per ctl. The market Is quiet.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15<g-4 25; bakers"
extras. $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — in sacks, are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Commeal, $2 50; extra
cream Commeal, $3 25; .Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25g'3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4@4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 Ss@6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran is slightly higher. • Middlings are un
changed. Hay runs along- about the same.
BRAN— sls@l6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 60; Jobbing,
$3215 32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2Sff3o per ton; Cornmeal. $23 60@24 60;
Cracked Corn. $24'u25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat. $17@19 for
good to choice and $15<516 for lower grades; no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. $15318; Oat,
J14516: Island Barley. $12 50@14: Alfalfa, $11
©12; Stock. lll@l2 50: Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Alfalfa. $10^10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 4O@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans and Seeds continue dull. Some Flax
seed Is In from Washington.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85® 1 95; Small Whites. $2@>
2 15; Large Whites, $1 SO^l 70; Pinks, $2 35®
2 40; Reds, $3; Blackeye, »3 25<g3 50; Butters,
nominal; Llmas. $3 25@3 35; Pea, $1 Bo<&'Si; Red
Kidneys, $2 50 per ell.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 5(V?4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4*f4 25; Flax, nominal; Ca
nary Seed. 2*4(g2%c per It>; Alfalfa, 6iJf6Vie;
Rape. 2*4@3%c; Hemp. 2%W3c; Timothy. s®sVic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green. $1 60
@1 75 p«r ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
All descriptions are quiet and prices show no
change worthy of nnt"
POTATOES— 4(XgSOc for Early Rose and 40<?j)
60c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanka. 85c
01 10; Oregon. 75c«fH; Sweet Potatoes, 7ac@sl
for nearby and $1 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 3oGSOc per ctl for yellow; Pickle
Onions. 50©85 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Mushroonn 10@25c per IT>;
Gretn Peas, 3<534c; String Beans. 14@24c;
Lima Beans. "iO(s"sc per sack: Bay Squash. 3.'><fi
60c; Green Peppers 50"60 c for Chili and 50{?60c
for Bell; Cabbage, 50c; Carrots, 36060 c per
sack: Bay Cucumbers. 60966c ;Tomato<?s. 4t^565c;
Garlic. 3c per IT>; Green Okra, 50(Jf65c: Dried
Okra, 10c per tb; Egg Plant,- 35060 c per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $Sijl2 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated. 16©18 c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
More Enstern will be on the market the first
of the week.
The bulk of the Game arrives In bad condi
tion and the Market Inspector condemned con
siderable of yesterday's receipts. We quote
only sound fresh stock.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15®16c for Gob
blers and lot? l*>c for Hens; Geese per pair,
$1 2.V81 50; Goslings, $1 250! 50; Ducks. $4®5 for
old and $4@6 lor young; Hens, J4@s; Roos
ters, young. Js@6; Roosters, old, $4 25@4 50;
Fryers, $4(j*4 BO; Broilers, J3 50® 4 for large; $1@
3 50 for small; Pigeons, Jl@l 25 per dozen for
old and Jl 75@2 for squabs.
OAJCBr-
Quall. J2fj'2 75; Mallard, $5-3>7; Canvasback,
1007; Bprlg. 1304; Teal. 1803 60; Widgeon,
Jl 6002 60; Small Duck, Jl 6003; English Snipe,
J2 60; .Tack Snipe. Jl 68; Gray Geese, 9103;
Hare. Jl: Rabbits. Jl 2f.<isl 50 for Cottontails
and jl for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EQGS.
Another fractional decline In Butter is noted.
No change in Eggs or Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 27V(?25%c; aec
ondfl, 2E
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 24f26c; common
grades. 224»23c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18f3>20c; pickled roll,
19iS21c; creamery tub, 21if£22'ic.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16ig!16%c per
lb; Elerin. t2fj22>iic.
CHEESE- Choice mild new, 10<g>lle; old, B%@
9%c: Cream Cheddar, 10©llu; Young America,
10Ufilll%c; Eastern. 12<?j13c.
E< JUS— Ranch Ekxp. 80®35e per dozen: store
Kfks, lCTf25c; Eastern, 15@18c for ordinary and
22$ 23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Wine Grapes advanced again and some sales
were made even over the quotations. Table
Grapes continued dull.
Limes are hardly quotable, as the supply is
again almost exhausted.
The dumping: of the Cantaloupes relieved the
market and they are doing rather better again.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $1 50<&4 per chest for large and
J6017 for small.
Fißa, 4Of&i7ac per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes, iisifj7sc per crate; Nutmegs, 25@
50c per box; Watermelons. Jls'<- u per hundred
for large and $S(jr'l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, B@7c per Tb.
Quinces, 50<&75c per box.
Pomegranates, 50<S75c per small box.
Cranberries, $8 per barrel for Eastern and
S2 6002 75 per box for Coob Bay.
Ordinary Grapes. 260SQe per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Isabellas. 60075 a
per crate: Wine Grapes, $15@19 per ton for Zln
fandel and fl3sfls for common kinds.
Blackberries, $4{13 per chest.
Plums, Zs<ft~sc per crate and box.
Peaches, 40<g75c per box.
Raspberries, Js@6 per chest.
Apples, 35<860e for common, 75@85c per box
for No. 1 and 90cig$l for choice.
Winter Pears, 3S@7sc per box.
CITRI'S FRUITS — Oranges. Jl 50@2 SO for
Volenclab, fl 25(Jj1 50 for Mediterranean Sweets
and Jlfil 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, II BOf 2 SO
for common and $3©5 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, J6W7 60: California Limes, ; Ba
nanas, $1 25® 2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, J3®4
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Exporters have been notified by their Ger
man connections that hereafter no dried Pears
will be accepted by the German trade without
a Kuaxanty that they are free from scale.
The market shows no Improvement and Is as
dull as ever.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6%5?7c for 40-50's,
6@6>j,c for 50-60' s. 4@4Vic for 60-70' s, 3^4®3V4c for
70-80 - s, 2%<@3c for SO-90's, 2%@2%c for 90-lOOs
and 1%<32c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, s@7c;
Peaches. 6(g7c for good to choice, 7V4@B%c for
fancy and 10@12Vfec for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12@12V4c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples. 7Vi@7'yic; sun dried, 4©
4Vic; Black Figs, sacks. 2@2Hc: Plums. 4%<gi
6c for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Nec
tarine?. 6f37c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4c for three
crown. 4%c for four-crown, 4H@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3'4c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
for London Layers; dried Graphs, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardshell, 7c for soft
ehell; Almonds, s@6c for hardshell, 13c for
Boftshell, 13@14c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4@
&i*c for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, fi^tffSc; Filberts, 9%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
S@9c per B>; Cocoanuts, |4 50®5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, 10<g>llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6^@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, b@s'rtz
P *BEESWAX— 24©26 c per !t).
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per IT> for
heavy, 8c for light medium. 10c for light, 10%0
for extra light and 12@12i4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9@9Vic; Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11@U 50; Family Beef, Jl2@
12 50; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, *18@
18 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per Tb. )
LARD— Eastern, tierces,' quoted at 5Hc per It»
for compound and 6%@7c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces. 4%@5c per It) for compound
and 6o for pure; half barrels. 6%c; 10- Ib tins,
7%c; 't-Ib tins. 7V4e.
CO' TOLENE — Tierces. 6%@6Hc; packages
less han 300 lbs — 1-Ib pails, 60 in a case, 9%c
3-tb >alls. 20 in a case. B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, 8V»c; 10-rt) palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-rb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7^c; wooden buckets, 20
lt>s net, BHc; fancy tubs. 80 lt>s net. l%c; half
barrels, about 110 rbs, 7%c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. B>£c; Cow
hides, B%(g9^tc; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12@13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15^25c each; short wool
30!&40c each; medium, 60@80c; long wool, 90c@
fl 10 each; Horsehides, salt. {2 for large and
$I®l 50 for small; Colts. 50c; Horsehides, dry,
$1 B0 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3V4@3Hc per It);
No. 2, 2'^@2?4c: refined. 4%©4% c: Grease. 2c.
WOOL— IB 97 clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9®l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months", 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. S@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free. 12«14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective. lOfi^c; Middle County. 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14@16c; Nevada, 10<fj,14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10fil2c; Valley Oregon. 15@17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop, ll@l4c per lt>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bag's for.^next season,
nominal, at 4%<S 1 5c; Wool Bass, 26@28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc. 6Vjc and
E%c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 BO; Seattle,
$8; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 25
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 80; Coke, $12 per. ton in bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7>£c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6>mc; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners* A, 6c; California A, 6%c: Magnolia A.
6%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C. 5%c: half-barrels.
'tic more than barrels, and boxes Me more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are weak again, as receipts are running
larger. No other changes.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6@6%c; second quality,
5%c; third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large, s@6c; small. 6H®Bc per Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, 6®l^c
per rb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 7*4@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%(g3»ic for large, 4<g'4 v
for medium and 3>i©3^c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3c; dressed Hogs. s^@6^4c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, October 15.
Flour, qr sks ... 12.2881 Straw, tons 14
"Wheat, ctls 2,oSs|Hops, bales . 550
Barley, ctls 835 1 Wool, bales 115
Corn, ctlß 60 Pelts, bdls 478
Cheese, ctls 87! Hides, no 1.700
Butter, ctls 102, Eggs, doz 7,500
Tallow. ctlß 127 Quicksilver, flsk. 200
Beans, sks 1.494 Leather, rolls ... 128
Potatoes, sks ... 2.679 1 Lumber, ft 20.000
Onions, sks 932 Wine, gals 59,900
Bran, sks 600 Sugar, bags 1,093
Middlings, ska .. 601 Raisins, bis 300
Hay, tons 3441
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 7,700 Bran, sks 2,400
Potatoes, sks ... 1.941 Middlings, ska .. 445
Barley, ctls 4. 480 „
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls .. 800 i
WASHINGTON.
Wheat.' ctJa 5,600 Flour, qr sks . 3.651
Oats, ctls 13.SS0] Flaxseed, ska ... 40l ;
Barley, ctls 850 1
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 1"V
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week with lower
prices and a dull market.
The feature of local securities was the activity
In Hawaiian Commercial, which sold at J4O 25®
40 87% (J40%'&40"»). quite a line of stock chang
ing hands. The other sugar stocks alao sold
well.
The following annual meetings -will be held
to-morrow: Exchequer, Eureka Con., May
flower Gravel and Con. Cal. & Va. mining com
panies and Hana Plantation Company.
The Anchoria-Leland Mining Company of
Colorado paid a dividend ■of lc per share,
amounting to $6000, yesterday.
The Crown Point Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 10c per share, delinquent No
vember 18.
The Empire State Mining Company of Idaho
paid a dividend of 10c per share, amounting to
$7500, yesterday. I
The New York and Honduras Rosario Mining
Company has declared a dividend of 10c per
share, amounting to $15,000, payable October 20.
The annual meeting of the Great Western
Quicksilver Mining Company has been called
for November 2.
The Spring Valley Water Company, after
having passed Its dividend for September, has
declared one for October of the regular rate
of 50c per share, payable on the 20th.
In the Standard Con. mine at Bodie for the
week 5 ending October S the usual exploratory
work wag done on the 150, 318, 470 and 528 lev
els in the East, Main Standard, Black, No. 10
and Maguire ledges. The faces of the various
openings show little change. There is im
provement in the Black and Maguire ledges.
The stopes continue to look. well.
Standard Mill statement — Ore crushed for the
week, 72% tons. The mill was shut down Oc
tober 4 for repairs at the power plant and the
accumulation of water. At about 5 a. m. on
October 5 fire was discovered by the special
watchman in the boiler room. A fire extin
guisher was of no avail. Owing to the dry
condition of the mill the building was on fire
In a few minutes. Water was put on quickly,
but all that could be done was to save the
adjoining building, new cyanide plant and of
fices. These were but little damaged. Fortu
nately, It being about the first of the month,
there was no accumulation of amalgam In the
mill safe and what ore and concentrates were
on hand can be recovered. Work In the mine
has been suspended awaiting adjustment of in
surance. No. 1 cyanide plant is running as
usual and treated 300 tons of tailings during the
week. The mill records were lost In the fire.
The amalgam produced for the week amounted
to 56% ounces. Twelve men are at Green Creek
at work on generator foundation repairs.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Oct. 15—10:30 a. m.
;; ' > l'id.A-k • Bid.Ask.
V 6 Bonds— S F G & E.... 86% 86%
4s quar coup. .lll 112 San Fran — 8 3%
4b quar reg....110%11l Stockton Gas.. IS —
Is quar new... 127%127% Insurance —
3s new 105 105% Firem's Fund. 2oß —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 115%117 Contra Costa.. 55 68
Cal El 68.....125 — Martn Co .. 60 —
C C Wat 55.. .100%— Spring Valley. 100*4101 •
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks —
E L & P 65. ..131%— Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
F&CI Ry 114% — Bank of Ca1. .245 250
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal 9D & T... 98 99%
HC & S 4%5.104 — First Nat ".....207% —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lou P & L..129 132
Do gntd 65.. 99 100% Mer Exchange — 1«
Market-st 65.. .128% — Nev Nat 8....161 —
Do Ist M 5b.114%114% Savings lianas—
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97ft Ger S & L..1600 1630
N C l.< ny 75.104& — Hum S & L.. 1050. 11*0
N Ry Cal 65..— 114 Mutual Say. 35 45
N Rx Cal 55...103%104% S F Bay U.. 495 800
NPC R R 6s. 103 108 S& L 50.... — 98
NPC R R 55.100%101 Security S B 200 —
N Cal R.R 6s. — — Union T C 0.1025 —
Oak Gas 65.... 108*4109% Street Railroads—
Om Ry 6b li»fi 127 California ....108%109%
P & Cl Ry 65. 106% — ■ Geary ........745 —
P & O 65. ....112 — Market-st ..... 53% 64%
Powell-st 65...— 123 Presidio 8% —
Reno W L&L.100 — Powder-
Sac El Rv 53.100 — California ....125 145
8F& N P 55.109%110 X Dynamite... 85 r 95
SierraßCal 6s. — — Giant Con Co. 49 49%
8 P of Ar 65. .108 10S% Vigorlt '....2% 2%
5 P Cal 6s 110%111% 'Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55... — 103 Al Pac A55n.. 101%102%
6 P Br Cs 11514115% Her Ld Wks..lSo —
S V Water 6s. 117% — Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
B V Water 43.103^103% H C-& S Co.. 40 41
Stockton Ga5. .101% — Hutch S P Co. 60 —
Gas & Elective— Mer Ex Assn. 90 — ,
Cent Gasllfrht.lOß — Nat Vln C 0... — fR. ;
Cent L & P... 8 — Oceanic S Co. 56% 57
Mutual El Co. — 11 Pacific A F A 1% 2%
Jakland Gas.. MM, 54 Pac C Bor Co. —
Pac Gas Imp. . — 88 Par Paint ' Co. 7 . —
Pac L C 0.... 47 48%
Morning Session.^.
60 Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
15 Giant Powder Con 49 00
10 do do b3 49 00
60 do do 49 25
$1000 Market-rtreet Ry Con Bonds 5s 114 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 40 25
50 do do s 5 40 25
600 do do 40 50
50 do do s 5 40 50
100 do do s 30 40 50
100 do do B 6 40 62%
50 do do 40 75
25 do do b 2 40 75
300 do do s 5 40 87%
325 do do 40 8"H
240 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 60 00
25 do do 60 25
400 do do 60 50
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 117 62ft
Street—
£5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 40 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
65 Hutchinson S P Co 60 25
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 40 50
40 do do 40 62V4
B0 Market-street Railway Co 54 00
$4000 8 P R R of Arizona 6s 108 00
$5000 S P Branch Ry of Cal 6s 115 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
4(10 Andes US] 100 Gould & Curry 16
1000 Best & Belcher 17 100 Ophir 46
300 Caledonia 20 100 Potosi 1'
600 Con Cal & Va.. 6t>"| 200 Utah 06
Following were the sales in Paciflo Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1500 Belcher 07:500 Gould & Curry.. 16
200 Best & Belcher. 15 j 700 Mexican " 14
200 141 300 Ophir 47
300 Bullion 01300 46
1850 Chollar 00J2OO  45
200 Con Cal & Va... 67i700 Potosi 12
1400 68 600 Sierra Nevada... 74
750 65 200 73
300 Crown Point .... 10 200 72
150 09 1800 Union Con 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Oct. 1.-.-12 m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Julia — 02
Alta 03 05 Justice 04 05
Andes 08 09 Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 07 OS Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con ... —• 07 Mexican 12 13
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental — ~:,
Bullion 01 02 Ophlr 45 4(5
Caledonia 19 20 Overman 01 02
Chollar 08 09 Potosi v.... n 12
Challenge Con. 12 13j Savage 0". M
Confidence — 45' Scorpion 03 OS
Con Cal & Va. 65 66iSeg Belcher ... — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 j Sierra Nevada. 72 74
Crown Point .. 08 10 1 Silver Hill .... — 10
Con New York. — Olj Syndicate 03 •
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard 1701 IE
Exchequer 01 02' Union Con 18 19
Gould 4 Curry. 15 16 Utah O. r > 07
Hale & Norcrs. 90 1 00i Yellow Jacket. 14 15
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Vlpha
Vita
Vndes i
031 03| Ml. ...I 01
3elcher
3est & Belcher.....
!i,IHnr. .
bullion
""aledonla
"hallenge
'hollar
:on. Cal. & Va
Confidence
rrown Point
Jould & Curry
iale & Norcross
uKtlce
05 O5| 06| 04|....
09 09 10| OS. 09
11 12 11! 08 1 08
U 24 23! 18| IS
021 02 02 i 02! 02
24! 26 231 20 20
16 16 15| 14 14
13 14 13 i 10 10
75 78 78 i 72 70
46 45 48].... |....
14 13 13 11 11
20 20 20| 18 17
92 1 00 1 00 98 95
f>s 0fl 05 03 05
181 19 19 16 16
55 1 57| 57 52 52
04 04| 03 02 03
74|....|
15' 16! 15 12 13
07| 09| 07 08 07
031....! 03
1 6SI1 65!1 70!l 70 1 70
79 82 SOi 79 78
23 24 241 21 21
07 07i 06| 061 06
21 20! 20 I 18| 16|
Hexican
>phir .
Overman
Accidental
'otosl
!avaK3
ieg. Belcher
standard
51erra Nevada
jnion
74
15
07
....
1
:'tah
fellow Jacket
THE CALL'S CALEKDAK.
October, 1898.
Fr.
Sa.
1
8
Moon'a Phases.
S
—
ii
»
r
—
7
"IT
21
a
IS
IT
Quarter,
<& October T,
jZS. New Moon.
M/ October 15.
Ik First Quarter,
& October M.
©Full Moon,
October 29.
18
»
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic ,
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la j
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of I
mariners, without regard to nationality and |
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the I
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry I
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at |
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island. Cal.
• A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published )
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), V. S. N., in charge. J
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants'"Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc-
tober 15. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), V. S. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey— |
Times and Heights of High and Uiw
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au- j
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) nbout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16.
Sun rises £.20
Sun Bets ...b.iu
Moon sets 6:02 p. m.
Time
£ !
«HW
Feet.
, Feet.
1:54
2:59
4:08
5:15
I 6:16
4.4 6:1
4.3 s:'
4.2! 6::
4.2! 7:
4.2 R:
4.4 l 9::
4.6 i U:i
2.3 11:08
5.7 11:46
2.9' 12:2t
3.1| 1:11
3.21 2:o{
3.2 3:2
3.1 4:44
5.!
6:58 —02
6:45 —0.5
7:3S —0.6
8:36 —0.6
9:38 --0.4
10:41 —0.2
11:45) 0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive, tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, ap sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
hilkat i
amoa
.Hlance
>orlc
loos Bay
IK-nal
leveland I
fariposa
maw
ola
ol
Ire
lia
übia
[..
Seattle
jTacoma
Departure Bay
Coos Bay j
Nanalmo i
Portland
Pufcet Sound
Humnnldt
Humboldt
Oreson Ports
China and Japan
Newport
Astoria
St. Michael
Sydney i
Victoria & Puget Sound
Humboldt
iTacoma I
t. 16
C. 16
t. 16
:. 16
t. 16
;: 17
:. 17
I. 17
:. 17
:. 17
:. IS
:. 18
:. 18
:. 18
:. 19
:. 19
:. 19
:. 19
;. 20
:. 20
:. 20
:. 20
:. 21
t. 22
I. 22
I. 22
t. 22
1.23
t.H
:. 24
t. 23
(ueen
'omona |
\"ashtenaw
.rcata I
orona I
outh Portland.!
forth Fork '
torr.er I
•el Xorte
ity of Rio J...
ity of Puebla..
leo. W. Elder..!
ralla Wa11a....!
anta Rosa |
an Juan !
Portland
ICoos Bay
!San Diego
|Tacoma
!Humboldt
INewport
Crescent City
Manila
Manila
I Portland !
I Victoria & Puget Sound!
San Diego '
I Panama
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
G Dollar. . . Yaqutna Bay. Oct. 17, 5 pmiPier 13
Santa Rosa.i San Diego Oct. 18. 11 ami Pier U
Umatilla ..Vic & P&t Sd. Oct. lg. 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico Oct. IR, 10 amiPlct 11
Cy Panama Panama Oct. 18, 12 mjPMSS
Chilkat Humboldt.... Oct. 18. 2 pm|Pler 13
Czarina ....(Puget Sound.. Oct. 18, 5 pm I Pier 8
Columbia ..IPortland Oct. 19, 10 amiPler 24
Australia ..'Honolulu Oct. 19, 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance ... ! Humboldt Oct. 19, 10 amjPier 20
China jChina& Japan Oct. 20. 1 pmiPMSS
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 20, 9 amjPier 11
Arcata 'Coos Bay Oct. 21, 10 ami Pier 13
Santa Cruz.i Alaska Oct. 21. 4 pmlPler 9
Pomona ...Jllumboldi ! Oct. 21, 2 pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. Pufjet Sound.. |Oct. 21. 10 ami Pier 2
State of Call Portland Oct. 22, 10 ami Pier 24
Corona iSan Diego I Oct. 22. 11 ami Pier 11
Signal Grays Harbor Oct. 22, 4 pmi
Queen Vie & Pgt Sd. Oct. 23, 10 ami Pier 9
Homer Newport Oct. 24, 9 ami Pier 11
O. W. Elder | Portland Oct. 25, 10 am|Pler 24
Steamer.
Destination.
Dollar. . .
nta Rosa.
mattlla ..
iracao . . .
|Yaquina Bay.
jSan Diego
Vie & Pgt Sd.
Mexico
Panama
Humboldt ....
(Puget Sound..
[Portland
(Honolulu I
! Humboldt ....
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 15.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 106 hours from Ta
coma. ,„ . .
Stmr Whitesboro, Johnson, 13 hours from
Greenwood. . __,
Stmr Navarro, "Walvlg, 11 hours from Point
Haw strar Aztec, Trask. 33 days from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 24 days, via Honolulu 8
days and 23 hours.
Stmr Jeanie, Mason, 12 days from Hunters
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, 35 hours from Ta-
QV Ship Geo Skolfield, Marshall, 22 daya from
Fort Wrangle.
Ship Hecla, Nelson, 15 days from Lortng.
Schr Llla and Mattie, Hansen, 8 days from
Coos Bay. _
Pchr La Glronde, Hansen, 12 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Saturday, October 15.
Ship America, Harding, Nanalmo; R Duns
muir's Sons Co.
Br ship Alcides, Dart, London; G \\ Mc>ear
ft CO.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. -
Stmr Geo W Elder. Hinkle, Astoria: Oregon
Railroad ft Nay Co. „__-_„
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, October 16.
Stmr George Loomis. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Trinidad.
Stmr Progreso, Zolling, Seattle.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. Point Arena.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman.
Schr Gotoma. Dedrick. Coos Bay.
Schr Mary Ktta. Anderson. Fisks Mill.
Schr Thomas S Negus, Manha.
TELEGR \PHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 15—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, W; velocity. S miles.
CHARTERS.
The A G Ropes loads wheat and mdse for
Liverpool; Servla, mdse for New York; Nord
lyaett, lumber for Melbourne; Czar, milse for
Altata and San Bias; Hawthornhank, wheat,
flour or barley for Europe, 27s tid; Illawara,
mdse for Sydney.
The Cape Clear loads wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. 32s 6d; Nivelle, wheat from the Colum
bia Klver to Europe, 3!s 3d; Atlanta, wheat at
Tacoma for Europe, 345; Kioto Maru, railroad
ties at Tacoma for Shanghai.
MISCELLANEOUS..
TACOMA, Oct 15— When the stmr South Port
land arrived here this morning from San Fran
cisco, hence Oct 10, via Seattle, to load wheat
for San Francisco, struck the dock so violently
that she did about $1000 worth of damage. The
dock was partially wrecked and partitions and
bulkheads on steamer broken. Plates on star
board bow wll have to be replaced before ves
sel sails.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Oct I*— Stmr Westport.
for Ventura.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Newburg,
from Redondo and sailed for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 15— Schr O M
Kellogg, fmrr. Gua^mas; schr C H Merchant.
hence Sepl 28; Bchr Roy Somers, hence Oct 4.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct I&— Schr
Monterey, hence Oct 14.
Sailed Oct 1." — Schra Newark and Bender
Brothers, for ?an Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Coqullle
River, hence Oct 14.
NEAH BAY— Passed Oct 15— Bktn Ruth, from
St Michael.
ASTORlA— Arrived r> c t 13— Stmr State of
California, hence Oct 13.
Sailed Oct 15— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco: Br ship Roekhurst. for South Africa.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Oct 15— Br
ship Combermere, for Tacoma; stmr Alcazar,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Noyo, -4
from Port Los Angeles.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Chilkat, hnc.
Oct 13.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 15— Schr Marion, fm
Port Blakeley.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Farallon,
from Dyea; U S stmr Wheeling, frm Unalaska.
COSMOPOLIS— Arrived Oct 15— Schr Roy
Somers, hence Oct 4.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Fulton, hnc
Oct 13: stmr Brunswick, hence Oct 12.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Oct 15— Stm Far
allon, from Dyea. for Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 15— Br stmr
Tacoma, from Yokohama.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Samoa, hnc
Oct 13, and sails Monday at 10 a. m.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 14— Bktn J M Grif
fith, from Port Townsend.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Oct 15— Schr
Bender Brothers, hence Oct 13.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— Arrived Oct 14— Ship A J Fuller.
from New York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 15— Br bark Stan
fleld. from Eureka,
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to Oct 15 — Br
stmr Glengyle, hence Sept 13.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived Oct 10— Ital
ship Emanuele Accame, from Cape Town.
CALLAO— Arrived Oct 12— Br bark Western
Monari-h, hence Aug 6.
DEAL— Passed Oct 13— Br ship Didaton Jill,
from London, for San Francisco.
MANILA— Sailed prior to Oct 4— U P stmr
Arizona, for Honolulu.
WELLINGTON— SaiIed Oct IS— Br stmr Aor
angi. for Vancouver.
HONOLULU— Arrived Oct s— Schr Aloha.
hence Sept 15; Haw bark Diamond Head, from
Nanaimo.
■ Sailed Oct s— Bktn Planter, for Laysan Is
1 land. I
MAZATLAN— Arrived Oct 11— Schr J B Leeds
from Eureka.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co, ■ V
|>^_ Steamers leave Broadway
K!S*«»^ wharf. San Francisco:
P^^l. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
' |Wn|» Oct. 3. 8, 13, 18. 23. 28, Nov. 2.
KjKiSI transfer at Seattle.
i Efi^SN^Bß For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
B^C^Kai C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^H£S»i?\ Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte*
'..-:.<•. >^H|Hni » d New Whatcom ("Wash. 19
a. m Oct. 3, 13. 18, 23, 28, Not.
■' * —-» fifth day thereafter, transfer at
! VS^UES*taCtHuinbsl«V S^ U ES*ta C tHuinb5l« Bay), t p. m.. Oct.
!i. s? tt 5! a. »■ S1 - Nov - 6l "* •™ T flfth
Vnp he santa Sr 'Cru*. Monterey. San Simeon.
i : %B°?B ss £ P ?r«. «bw «}
"S f £r££ ft -ay?sgs Port HV
.£« <i£? luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
eV £? EniSada'MlSdaleS Bay. San Jo del
lirri^^^thr^rr^n.,
without P?e P vtou« notice steamers. sailing- date*
" r iriOKlßT f omOB — « New Montgomery-
ft CO.. O«n A^.
Gt * JUA ' io Market gt.. San Franclaoo.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST 'STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Indudlne Berths
I Ant $8 Second Class and Meals.
Geo. W. Elder sails Oct. 7. 16. 25. Nov. 1^,4:
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19 28. Nov. 6. „ \\
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Nov. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
inruue E c WARD. G<; nera i Agent.
;.>, 630 Market street.
GOOD ALL., PERKINS & CO..
- ■ CiinoTHntonriPTiTJt- *
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
r 9 (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS , _e. :Sfti .
! (FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <2fJ2v^
iat 10 a. m. from Pier 42, Isorth •«• ni'ii
River, foot of Morton street. .../*;-
i LA NAVARRE..... Oct. 22
! LA NORMANDIE.. Oct. 29
j LA TOURAINE.... Nov. 5
LA GASCOGNE ......;. .Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 19
First class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
! Havre; $45: 10 per cent reduction round trip
. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
\ AND CANADA. 3 Bowline Green, New York
J. F. ' FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents
i 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
'^^^flEiM^ll£ ( ' a '' Is f> ° r HonoiuUi^nl'v
W^M^S at e 2 neS m y> ° CtOber "•
SBVHl|||4 The S.'s'. MARIPOSA
JBlllllL* 11 '- 18 for Honolulu only
rS*" 3 * Wednesday. October 19,
(v/ T^N The S. S. MARTPOSA
KV^Jm^H IJi' 8al!a vla Honolulu and
QyibUllUhli/ Auckland for Sydney
(OnH6(Jll!h5 Vednes ' layi November
Line to COOLGARDIE. 'AustraIia, and CAPS
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. A CO.. Agents. 5
Freight office— 327 Market St.. - San Francisco.
BAY AJTD BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Men T«e.! t na M . On fe^:.. I
IJJSffi:*.——.— 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. taT
? -^?i v ; Vi- —• ":S0 a. m. wad 8 p. m.
Landing and" offlc*«-Mlsslon Dock. PUr a.
. . T»lephon> Red tUL
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a m
ll a n am nn R r A K X Ay iSO> Clay-street Wtarf. Fate To
E« ?£, BOc 4 : , r,r ,° Und t/»P. 75c - - Delightful Bay
Mate 1350^' an retum 75c - TelephoniBOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
WRECK OF THE
NANCY BELL
WHILE Uncle Ben'a cabin
rocked in one of the fiercest
- that ever biew over the
high Sierras Ben leaned con
tedly back in his chair,
near the open-mouthed fireplace, and
us young- - >ut his voyage
oner laden with gun
ier, through the thick of an awful
thunrttr storm and tidal wave in the
tropics.
I was the master of the schooner
y Bell," said Uncle Ben. "We took
load of gunpowder at Matanzas
started to carry it to Callao. There
fom men in the crew besides the
first mate, Pan Cheever. They were all
tmen and Dan was generally
esi of the lot. All went well with
til i he tenth day out. We were
. cli oft the South American coast,
:i; had fair winds all the way. I
below in my cabin when I heard
n deck rushing madly about.
and before I could get up to see what
_ on 1 heard sails coming
di •'• n on the run. The sea had been
v minutes before and I was
much surprised until I
be deck. When 1 poked my
• .• the companion hatch 1 was
■ nished.
lining along at race horse speed,
ant, from the
westward, was a terrific high wail of
3urmounted with a crest
of angry foam. The Bea near ua
begun to heave a little uneasilj
\md had ■ all died out.
The schooner had K>st steerage way al
most ■ [it and rolled about like
You may '■'"' believe it, but that
i us origin
:- than the main truck of »ur
.. In a very short time it would
pon us and then it was many
chances against one that we should
total w:
"For the first time In my knowledge
Dan Cheever lost hi? coolness and did
not know what to do; Already he had
lost precious time. The schooner was
side to the coming wave. Unless she
could be moved out of that position she
would be surely capsized and fill and
fourfder in a few seconds.
"The blocks in the rigging were
king as they swayed and the
began to beat a tattoo against the
- It almost seemed to the super
:s sailors that the vessel was
: by its impending doom. I do
not want to boast, but I can truthfully
say that 1 have always oeen cooler
when danger was coming than when it
has passed. I raised my voice in a
shriek.
" 'Get up a staysail, men, and get out
the sweeps of the long boat and try to
bring up her head to the waves.'
■ My voice seemed to break the spell.
The men flew about with astonishing
speed and, leing over their momentary
panic, they made every movement
count to ihe best advantage. I took
the wheel ' the mate forward
.r a sweep on the port
side. He worked well and soon had a
laboring oar at work with the help of
Harry Nightingale, able seaman.
"Th- . jwly. It seemed
an a^e Ix-fore she turned at all, al
ii n-aliy th^ time was not so long
as it seemed. But when we had her
on tht- turn a lucky (law of wind filled
her f"re staysail and pulled her fairly
around so hat she was directly head
on 10 the wall of black water. And
now the wave was up to us. Ev< ry
man on the vessel held on for dear life
to the rigging as th>- vessel bt-^an to
climb the \ aye. I had been ah
hastily fasten myself with a spare rope
to the wheel and I stood there awaiting
the worst that might happen.
'What a wave that was. 1 have Bince
learned about tidal waves more than i
knew at that time, and I have every
reason to believe that we then en
countered a tidal wave, one of the
• ever known. Ther^ was no tim«
to think. The schooner strained ami
held her own, but tons and tons of
water flooded and swept across the
decks. Had I not hastily closed the
hatches as I leaped on deck the \
must have filled at once.
'We got over the first wave without
any great damage; but directly follow
ing thf- first were several other waves,
the third higher than the first. H .
■we failed to broach to and founder I
have never been able to make out. We
be more under the water
than on its surface.
"Poor Harry NMghtingale lost his hold
on the rigging and was swpt away on
a huge green wave and was lost sight
of in an instant. Finally all the great
waves went by. The schooner was
safe for th<- minute from the waters.
We on the deck had no time for con
\ GENERAL MIX-UP. GROWING OUT OF THE ATTEMPT OF ThjE BUMPKINS To ShjOW THE FILIP/NOS WHfIT fl TUG-OF-WAR IS LIKE. USING SOM£ BIG SNAKES TO FORM A ROP£ FOR A LONG PULL AND A PULL tfLTOGEThjER.
gratulations or for sorrow over the loss
o'l Nightingale. Like a curtain of fu
nereal black, a cloud shut in over us
and midnight darkness fell at once.
From this cloud came the most awful
lightning and the most terrific peals of
thunder of which I have ever had any
knowledge.
"A bolt of lightning struck our main
topmast and ran along it down into the
hold. We were not left long to guess
what damage it had done. A puff of
smoke came trailing up from the hold
and we knew that our powder-laden
vessel was on fire. Wherever the fire
was it could be only a few seconds be
fore the flames might spread to the
powder, which was in barrels.
"If we had moved rapidly before "iir
speed was doubled now. We had the
lifeboat afloat in a jiffy and jumped in,
not waiting to get water or provisions.
Our only thought was to get as far
from the schooner as possible in the
shortest possible time. our oars
creaked with the weight we put on
them. I had the steering gear and was
free to look back. Ido not suppose
that any of you youngsters ever had a
chance to see a vessel blow up at sea.
I do not think that you are anxious to
have such an experience under similar
conditions.
■Above the roar of the still unquiet
■ a single loud report sounded. A
. of p iwder or more had gone off.
The explosion may have made a hole
through which the water rushed in
from the sea. flooding the otLer barrels
of powder in the mr II part of the
hold. But the great disaster could not
be long delayed. Nov.- it seem< d that
all the noise of half a dozen battles
came all at once. The rcbooner rose
t upon the top of an enormous wave.
'From h«-r shot upward a volume of
flame which rent her apart before our
eyes. The next instant the st-a was
strewn with the fragments of our good
schooner. We were in a de? '-va'
uation now. many le^'uies from land,
without food or drinking water. Per
haps I will tell you to-morrow night
how we got out of that scrape: but I
have talked long enough to-night."
We did not coax Ben to go on, know
ing that it was usel< ss.
THE FUN MAKERS.
Little Willie accompanied his mamma
on a shopping tour the other day and
seeing a boar and seal in a window he
asked if they were alive. "Of course
not." replied his mnth"r. "They were
shot and stuffed and stood up to look
A
PANTRY
QUARREL
A PUDDING once said to a cake,
"Pray teli me how long did you bake ?
i notice to chew most folks don't like you,
And I think it's because you're a fake."
The cake said; "i'm as light as a feather,
While you are as tough as old leather ;
Why, really, to chew, they have to take you,
Because I'm so easy to sever!"
as if they wore alive." "Are those la
dies in the other window alive?" he in
quired. "No, dear," was the reply.
"They at' I -up figure* to
show the styles in furs." "And were
they shot and stuffed, too?" queried
the little fellow.
Father—Look here, Tommy, what do
you think <:•!,• new baby brother the
doctor has just brought? Tommy—
Why. he's grot no hair: Oh! and- he's
got no teeth! You've been took In,
father; he's brought you an old 'un!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1898.
BEN AND THE
BOX OF COLO
BY ALMA S. BEMENDERFER.
TREBORVILLE was built in a
gulch among the hills. To the
north loomed up the mountains,
which se -ned from their rugged
outlines to have been simply
tossed up, ledge upon ledge, and in the
general turmoil left unfinished. In one
of the cabins on the hillside lived Ben
Otis, who was noted for being one of
the laziest boys in town.
1 icing of an indulent, dreamy dispo
sition he often forgot the practical
meaning of life. Besides reading books
of a fanciful turn he was a firm be
liever in fortune tellers, signs and
kindred theories. Yet of one thing he
was firmly convinced; that he was des
tined to become rich and famous, but
not by attentiveness or hard work.
To this end he fell into a certain line
of reasoning and when a fortune tel
ler came to the camp Ben at once
visited her slyly. Although a believer
in the art he would not brave the ridi
cule of his friends.
Giving him a seat after studying his
hand some minutes she said:
"This is the hand of a person possess
ing remarkable traits of character and
of a liberty-loving nature. He has
never taken either time or o casion to
lay the foundation for a useful life,
but possesses the key to a vast treaa
ure box."
"Where is it?" asked Ben, excitedly.
"It is one of the treasure boxes made
by the giant who molded the moun
tains and he will unlock one of the
when found.
Ben was very much elated. To be so
gifted at once made him look with quiet
disdain on the toilers in the mines and
even men who had once excited envy
looked insignificant. After all what
was there in Treborville? A lot of
shacks, jumbled together in a gulch;
a couple of quartz mills, even the reser
voir in the distance looked small and
ludicrous.
Ben laughed. He would stay no
longer. No, he would go to the moun
tains and look for the treasure box.
Bidding his parents good-by, with a
light supply of food and a pick and
shovel he set out toward the moun
tains. Here, tramping through under
brush, scaling steep banks, standing at
grave risk upon narrow jets of rock
and crawling to th" very edge of preci
pices searching for the mystic box or
< xploring caves and working with pick
and shovel he met with alaj-ming ad
ventures, ofttimes nearly losing his
life.
At last, weary and disheartened, he
was about to give up. One night he
dreamed he was digging- on the moun
tain side. The giant suddenly ap
peared and ask£d him what he was
seari hing for.
"For one of the treasure boxes, but,
although I have braved a hundred
dangers, I have not found Jt."
"No wonder," replied the giant slow
EDITED BY
DAVID H.
WALKER
ly, "for you have not the faintest idea
of its appearance, and so have many
times passed it over, although owning
the key to unlock it. Yet I respect
you for having begun the search.
Heretofore you have only dreamed.''
"Then there is hope for me? I may
find it? Will you show it?"
"No; that is impossible. But I can
help you by showing how others are
doing. They are working no harder
than you. but by rules."
By this time Ben was very much
interested. He wanted to learn at
once. The giant did not walk fast
enough. At last they came to a tun
nel, and going through it came to a
large cave. Here were many people.
LITTLE
MR
PLEASANTFACE
With a groan Ben noticed they were
all intently engaged in some work.
"This is the proper way to begin to
search — by a method. Select some
work; do the very best you can."
Uttering a cry of anger Ben fled
through the tunnel out of the moun
tain, hearing the friant in close pur
suit, anil was no sooner outside than
out bounded the "ii.nt. Ben was 1 will
ing to take desperate risks to get away,
and so he ran out to the edge of a gorge
and jumped. Then the giant called all
nature to witness and at once there
sounded a song of disapproval, and the
breeze swayed a tr ■< so far forward
as to catch Ben in its branches.
"Nature is against you!" shouted tht?
giant, looking down.
Ben was so angry he shook his fipr
and said some pretty mean things. The
giant laughed and tho^tree swayed so
Ben came near falling off. At this ho
called for mercy.
"I'll do anything!" he screamed. "I'll
work."
Just then Ben awoke. He still lay
on the mountain. The sunlight glinted
through the trees. After such a night
of terror, believing in dreams, he re
turned to Treborville. His friends
were surprised at the change, tor Cram
an indolent, careless lad he has become?
one of the most industrious; and last
summer he found a deposit of gold in
a hole that has made him rich. The
hole was just the shape of a box and
so Ben still believes in dreams— but
works.
moving or
THE MISTER
LITTLE MISTER FUNNY BOY
concluded that he would move to
San * rancisco, especially as the
remainder of his family appeared
to be about to go. Everything
breakable, like pictures and looking
glasses, had been carefully placed at
the bottom of great wagons, and a cook
stove had been laid upon the doll car
riage of his big sister. So Little Mister
picked up everything that he could find
around the yard and filled an old valiße
with the odds and ends. Then he was
ready, and cried because the "choo
choo train" was not also ready to take
him away from his native heath.
No one could carry his valise except
one of his sisters, "for," he said, "I'se
drefful 'tickler 'bout it, mamma."
Several small boys snickered as they
saw what he had placed in his valise,
but no one disputed his right to be con
sidered a mover, on equal terms with
his "grown up folks." The valise
crossed to San Francisco exactly aa he
had packed it.
"Mustn't get overboard." said Little
Mister, as he looked over the aide of the
ferry boat. "No — o — o, for I might get
my feet wet, couldn't I, mamma?"
Just then the whistle on the boat was
blown, and it sounded to Little Mister
like a roaring lion, and he hid his face
In his mother's lap. The whistle roared
at Little Miater only once, and soon
one mischievous eye peeked out and
then another. Then a sweet little voice
said bravely: "Ise not afraid, am I,
mamma?"
Such wonderful cable and electric
cars at the foot of Market street.
"Z-iom, zoom, dat is what cars say,
isn't it, mamma?" he remarked. He
was safely in a car, but the vehicle
started rather, suddenly and Little Mis
ter fell. His conscience caused him to
remark that "I didn't mean to throw
the car over, did I. mamma?"
Among the satchels and bundles the
valise of Little Mister was lost to view.
Little Mister made search* but could
not find it. Two rosy lips were pouted.
Two brierht eyes took on a look of
mingled seriousness and fun. One little
voice said with much emphasis, "Ise
mad with you, isn't I, mamma?"
"00, 00, big— big— big— hills," said
Little Mister a few minutes later, as
the cable car in which he was riding
appeared to be trying to stand upon
end, and he was treated to a slide along
the smooth seat toward the rear door
and the conductor — the wonderful man
who had a bell to play with and who
was authorized to shout "all aboard,"
and who had on a coat that fairly
twinkled with shiny brass buttons, a
real hero to Little Mister, wr looked at
the bell ringing man with great satis
faction, and tried to get a smile from
that person.
Up hill and down hill. By and by
the conductor, who had b<">en calling out
the names of the streets with regular
ity as the car passed the crossings on
the way to the Western Addition, said
in a particularly stern voice, "HIDE!"
Where should Little Mister hide, he
not knowing that the conductor was
simply calling out the name of Hyde
street?
What was the matter with hiding
ostrich fashion, concealing only his
head in mamma's dress? Two little
feet kicked nervously, revealing the
consciousness of the owner of them
that perhaps the conductor might think
that he had not fully obeyed the com
mand to "hide." Two little hands, evi
dently acting upon the same prompt-
Ing, cuddled themselves snugly to
gether and were as still as little mice
asleep in the hay in a barn nest. One
Little Mister made his whole person as
small as ever he could and then lay
motionless until his wonderment got
the better of one little curly head. "I
did hide," finally said a small and sweet
voice, "but the man never said ready.
I won't play with him enny more, will
I, mamma?"
By and by the car stops, as all cars
must stop some time, and all persons,
great and small, having arrived at their
destination must stop; and here Little
Mister was once more placed in posses
sion of his valise and its assorted treas
ures from the forsaken home. Enter
now into his new residence The King,
High Caliph, Great Mogul, He-Who-
Must-Be-Obeyed — otherwise Little Mis
ter, ruler uncommon and indisputable.
In the middle of his new realm he Is
left standing alone.
There are other rooms for him to de
velop the treasures of his valise in, but
HOLD THE FLAG HORIZONTALLY AND SEE SEVEN HEROES.
none could have seemed quite so ap
propriate to him as the parlor. His
mamma and his other slaves of various
ages have gone away and he is free to
follow his own royal will to its sweet
conclusion. When his retinue return
the valise is open. Upon the "best car
pet" are mud pies, mud cakes and mud
balls in fragments. Some rest inno
cently on the pattern of the carpet.
Others, moistened up for the occasion,
are in sticky lumps everywhere.
"Nice, isn't it, mamma?" asked a lit
tle voice in all the innocence and loving
trust of childhood.
What must come next in such sto
ries? Little Mister, wearied by the la
bor and care of packing and moving
and unpacking of his treasures, like
many another who is a slave to own
ing things, finds that he is weary. Per
haps his sharp little eyes see that some
one does not think that he has im
proved the appearance of that house
hold fetish, the best carpet. At any
rate a little voice says as softly as any
cooing bird while little hands are held
up appealingly, "Wok me, mamma."
'Hush, my babe," sings a loving
voice to the crooning song that has
soothed so many generations of little
people on their way to Dreamland.
Closer and closer draw the eyelids to
gether and now the soft and regular
breathing tell that Little Mister has
begun to whisper to the fanciful little
people who, iike himself, now inhabit
slumberland, and what they learn from
him is that — "Ise moved."
What they say about this must please
Little Mister, for he smiles sweetly in
his sleep, his little pink hands held
closely together as If they were holding
tightly the treasures of his '•v'lise."
NELLIE'S QUEER IDEA
A little girl who attends a Maine pub
lic school has quite an idea of nobility,
as was evidenced by her reply to her
teacher. The class had been reading
about the King's family. The teacher,
wishing to inculcate the correct idea of
BOSTON'S QUEER ANIMALS
THE following compoaitiona were recently printed as samples of che
work of Boston school children:
There are many kinds of monky besides those
that live on hand organs; some are found »in Asia
and some in Africa. Once a man was in the woods
and he threw a little stone at the monkys and they
T/fE MONKY
threw back large ripe sweet cocoa nuts, and this teaches us a great
moral lesson. We should always behave like the monky. I sawamonky
at a circus and it pulled a lady's bonnet off and tore it all to rags and
tied the strings around its neck and grined,
C. E. G.
Bares are of many sighses and all big. The chief
kinds are the grizzly bare, which is black; the sin
nermon bare which is good and gentle: t"he white
bare which bleaches its skin to hide in the snow and
makes a rug, and the black bare which is common and is careful of its
cubs. Bares fight bees for honey, which is mean because the bees are
little. Once a bare found some currant jelly sitting on a garden bench
to dry and he ate it, and the lady hadn't any more, which was
greedy. Bares are pigs. j. c. G.
The elifant is the biggest of all beasts put to
gether and has two tusks, one tail and one trunk
sometimes called the ellfant's hand, and two eyes'
His feet are larsrp master! onri o-.-w-.ri *r> „„*■ v..* •un-
THE ELIT A VT
skin is very thick. He shakes dust on it like a pepper caster.' Once a
taylor stuck a needle into an ellfant, and years after the ellfant soaked
his house for him. Be good to the elifant and you will be happy
G. C.J.
royal descent, sam: rsow, cnnaren, it
the King and Queen had a son, what
would he be?" "The jack," was the
quick response.
CASABIANCA AND THE CULLS.
THE boy stood on the Piedmont deck —
The deck was strewn with bread.
In fact his lunch was made a wreck
To feed the gulls o'erhead.
His crumbs he wildly, madly threw,
But all fell on the water blue.
TRACED BY A
FAITHFUL DOC
BY TILLIE HERMANN.
KTTIE LEE lives in Los Angreles.
Her father owns a fine orange
grove and lives in a nice house,
and Kittie has her pony and
pony cart, and with her little
brother Frankie she^ plays happily
every day. One day* she was in the
garden, when a Chinese woman came
along. The woman was crying and
Kittie, who is very kind hearted, asked
her why she cried.
"Little Ah Jim, my boy, has been
stolen by a bad Chinaman and they
will take him away to China and I will
not see him any more."
Kittie knew a Chinese gardener and
she told the woman to step into thej
garden. H;ir<ily had the woman en
tered when she threw a shawl over
Frankie's head and ran off with him.
She turned a corner, entered a carriage
that was waiting there and rode rapid
ly away before Kittie had recovered
her presence of mind. Everything had
taken place so suddenly that Kittie
hardly thought to scream until Frankie
was out of the garden. Then her cries
brought the gardener.
Kitties papa soon heard over the
telephone what had happened, and he
came home in haste, pale and excited.
His first move was to call for his saddle
horse; his next to unloose his blood
hound. Then he drove away with the
bloodhound following him.
Where the carriage had been lost to
Bight Kitties papa saw something on
the ground. It was a toy that Frankie
had been playing with and which the
Chinese woman had thrown from the
The hound saw the toy and
sniffled at It The next instant he
barked and ran down the street in the
direction of a county road.
Then and there was a hot chase. An
hour brought into sight the carriage
that had carried Frankie away. It
was drawn by two hnrpps, but they had
been overdriven and Frankie's father
caught up with them. The Chinese
woman had the carriage stopped and,
leaping out. ran away.
Frankie was in the carriage alone,
unharmed, but very much frightened.
The bloodhound caught the Chinese wo
man and held her until Frankk-'p father
came up. Phe said that she had been
ordered to steal the little boy by some
highbinders, who had threatened to kill
her if she refused to obey th^m. This
proved to be true. Th^ highbinders
wanted to make Frankie's papa pay
money to have his boy returned. But
they "failed. Hearing what had hap
pened they ran away and have never
been seen since.
Mamma (at the breakfast table)—
THE BABE.
you always ought to use your napkin
Geordie. Geordie — I am usin' it
mamma. I've got the dog tied to the
leg of the table with it.
Not J] rr j ad> nor cake would tempt the
birds —
Brave wanderers on the breeze—
TMor would they stoop for coaxing words
For they were hard to please.
Each viewed the lunch with eager eye
And shrilly muttered pie, pie, PIE!
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church. Eddy street.
Jones— Kev. E. A. Woods.
Morning— "Is Life All Vanity?" Evening—
"What and Where Is Heaven?" wUh a
prelude on "That Bible of Yours."
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Morning— "Love That Passeth Knowledge."
j Evening— "The Uplifted Christ."
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near|Morning— "God's Challenge."
Stelner— Kev. W. C. Jenkins. | "Prayer."
Evening —
St Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between ', Morning— High mass and sermon.
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William P.; ing— Vespers and benediction.
Klrby. | .
Even-
St Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot- ! Morning— High mags and sermon by one
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins. J of the prints of the community. Evening
I —Sermon and vespers.
St Brendan's, Fremont
streets— Father Nugent.
and
Harrison; Morning — High mass and sermon.
I ing — Vespers.
Even-
St. Brigids. Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way—Father Cuttle.
i Morning- Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
— Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Christl. Alemany and!
Croke streets- Saleslan Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassinl. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
mon and benediction.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Suotwell
streets— Father Cunxmings.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing — Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's. Hush and Steiner streets—]
Rev. Plus Murphy.
.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing— Rosary and procession In honor of
the Virgin.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue— Father Carrahcr.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening — Vesp*rs, sermon and
benediction.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
Morning — High mass and sermon at
o'clock. Evening — Vespers.
11
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue ami Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Father Gleason,
I S. J., at the 10:30 o'clock mass. Evening —
i Sermon immediately after vespers by Rev.
■ Father Calzia on "Infant Baptism— Its
Necessity and the Condition of. the L'n-
■ baptised."
St James, Twenty-third and
■ -Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero. Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Ves-
pers, benediction ana a sermon.
St Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
""I Morning — High mass and sermon on the
Gospel of the day. Evening — Vespers.
St Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and Morning-Sermon at the 11 o'clock mass by
6'Farrell street— Rev, J. J. Prendergast, Rev. Father Hannigan. Evening— Sermon
V. G. at vespers by Rev. C. A. Rainni.
hurch, California and Dupont Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
streets — Paulisi fathers. ing — Vespers, sermon and benediction.
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third— Mornhng— High mass and a sermon on the
Father Gray. I Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Pauls, Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
a:ui
Church Morning— High mass at 10:80 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon and vespers.
Sts. Peter an.i Paul, Filbert and Dupont Morning— Sermon In Italian by one of the
street*— Salt-sian Fathers. priests of the community. Evening— Ser-
mon and vespers.
St, Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty- Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
fourth—Father I'. 9. Caaey. ; Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's, Urannun street, neur Fourth— Morning— High moss and sermon. Evening
Father Nugent. — Vesper* and benediction.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point: Morning-Sermon and high maj>s at 10:30
Lobos avcr.uf- Father Coyl*. j o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
i
St. Teresa?. Tennessee and Butte streets— . Morning -High mass and sermon. Evening
Rev. P. C. O'Connell. — Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street, near Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock and
Btadcton— Marist Fathers. sermon :n French by one of the priests
1 of the community. Evening — Vespers, ser-
, men and benediction.
First Christian. Mission and Twelfth streets , Morning— "The Chariots of Israel and the
—Rev. F. S. Ford. | Horsemen Thereof." Evening — "The
:.— Churrh the Bulwark of the State."
West Side Christian, Bush street,
Devisadero— Rev. D. A. Russell.
near Morning- Sermon by the rector, followed by
ilivlne service. Evening — Prayer service
and sermon.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street. ' Morning— Sermon by Rev. J. K. Harrison,
near Twenty-fifth— R«v. W . C. Pond. Evening— Sermon by Professor B. R.
Lloyd.
Bethlehem Congregational. Vermont street, Morning-"Arise Te and Depart, for This
Mar Twenty-fourth— Kev. W. H. Tubb. t8 Xot Y our Rest." Evening— "Come,
j Now, and I-et t's Reason Together."
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue Morning— "God Our Hope." Evening— "Coin-
ana' Clement street— Rev. f . coombe. cldences and Th&lr Lessons."
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth
\". - streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
and
Morning — "The Decalogue in Modern Life."
' Evening— "The Gift of Sleep."
First Congregational, Post
streets -Kev. »',. C. Adams.
and
Mason
i Morning — Services at 11 o'clock. Evening —
' Prayer service and sermon by the pastor.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street,
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "The Partial Visitation."
ing— "The Battle of Life."
Even-
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Chertngton.
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
— Same.
Evening
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, near; Mo rning-Sermon by the rector.
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery. ! Song servlce
Evening-
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton! Morning-Communion service at 11 o'clock,
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute. : Evening— Festival service, follow.-! by
sermon.
St. Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
Ftreet— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning— Sermon and communion service.
Evening— Sermon and prayer service.
St Cornelius Chapel. Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning — Special service for the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
St. Mary the Virgin. Union and Stelner
streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
! Morning— Mm and holy communion at 7:30
I o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
i Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert!
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
Morning— Holy communion at 7:30; morning
prayer at 11 o'clock, with sermon by the
rector on "The Model Sunday School
Teacher." Evening— "Instruction of Chil-
dren."
St Paul's Episcopal California street, near Morning-Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
FiUmore— Rev. vV . Maxwell Rellly. ed by Illany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and ser-
mon.
Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets!
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
Morning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church. , Morning-"The Healing of Souls" E^T-
W^FiVeher btevenson Street »- R « v - »• ing-"Christ, a Never Failing Friend.'"
First English Lutheran, Geary street.
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "The Panting Heart." Evening—
"The Wings of Seraphim," Sunday school
lesson for October 23.
California Street M. E. Church. California;
and Broderick streets— Frederic C. Lee.
j Morning— "To Seek and to Save the Lost"
; Evening— "Barabbas or Christ?"
Br-thel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson— Rev. \V. B. Anderson.
Morning— "Enduring the Fiery Test." Even-
ing— "Co-operation in Bringing Men to
Christ," revival service.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-:
slon street, between Fifth and Sixth— Rev. ;
C. E. Locke.
' Morning — Sermon by the rector.
.Same.
Evening-
First M E. Church, Powell and
injrt-.n Streets Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Wash-
I Morning — Sermon by the rector.
I — Song service and sermon.'
Evening
'i
Fifteenth Avenue M. E Church, Fifteenth;
avenue south and P street — Rev. H. j
Pearce.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock Even-
ing—Sermon, followed by religious In
structlon.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets — ilev. J. N. Beard.
Morning— Sermon by the rector
—Same.
Evening
Howard Street M. E. Church (Strangers'
Home), Howard street, near Third— Rev.
J. A. B. Wilson.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
Sermon by the rector.
Evening-
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennesm-e and
streets— Rev. D. W. Chilson.
Morning— Sabbath service at 11. Evening
—Sermon and instruction at 8 o'clock bv
the pantor. *
Urhmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. O. W. Be.it ty.
Morning— Services at 11. Evening— Prayer
service, followed by sermon. *
O-ntenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-'
tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R.
Rlddlck.
Mornlng— S»rmon by the rector. Evening—
Same. °
Epworth M. E. church. Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock
Evt-nlng-Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church. Hayes
and Buchanan .streets — Rev. J. Stephens. ■
Morning— Sermon by the rector, followed bv
divine services. Evening— Sermon and in-
struction.
•
Starr King A. M. E. Zion Church, Stockton
street, near Clay — Rev. F. Brunn.
Morning— "Let the Righteous Be Glad "
Evening— "Eaekiel's Vision of the Vallev
of Dry Bones." J
franklin Street Presbyterian. Franklin and
Vallejo streets — Rev. D. James.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Sermon, followed by song service and
prayer recital.
Calvary Presbyterian, Oeary and Powell
streets— Rev. J. Hemphill.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at the ser-
vices at 11 o'clock. Evening— Sermon and
musical service.
First Presbyterian church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. K. Mac-
kenzie.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at the 11
j o'clock service; Sunday school at 1»-4S
Evenlng-O. P. S. C. E. at 6:15; sermon' at
I 7:30 by the pastor on "Th* Primrose of
I Our Youth."
First United Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing— Sermon and the recital of prayer.
St. John's Presbyterian. California and
Octavia streets— Rev. K. Lldrtell.
Morning— Sermon by the Rev. J. \v. Dor-
rance of Davisville at 11. Evening— y p
8. C. E. at 6:30 o'clock.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets — Rev. R, w. Rey-
nolds.
Morning — Sermon by the Rev. Duncan Mon-
roe. Evening — Same.
Trinity Presbyterian. Twenty-third
Capp streets — Rev. A. X. Carson.
and
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth street 1
and Railroad avenue— Rev. H. N. Bevler. I
|Mornlng — "Source* of Blessedness." Even-
] Ing— "Joy in the Lord."
Miepa.h Presbyterian. Harrison street, near
Fifth— Rev. F. A. Doane.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon and the recital
of prayer.
1 _
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and Baker
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Stewart Memorial IT. P. Church, Ouerrero
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E.
Dugan.
Morning- "The Transcendent Invitation."
Evening— "A Scene In a Palace."
Morning— "A Contested Will Coup." Even-
ing— "The Cause of Prance's Troubles."
Westminster Presbyterian. Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. 8. Cryor.
Morning— A Rally Day service for church
and Sabbath school. Evening— "Ship-
wrecked on a Shoreless Sea."
First Unitarian. Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock; divine
service at 11. Evening— There is no even-
I las service in this church.
THE SAX FEANCTSOO CALL, SODAY, OCTOBEB 16, 1893.
HALE'S.
j&taB£9&&&?^^ 937 ' 839> 941t 943f 945 - 947 Market street San Francisco -
m^L \ - *« i\— y% 'Ail.
>C^ \*\C^ j/* till r l
/trimmm^s/
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES. — Continued.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth
streets-Rev. A. J. Wells.
and
Morning— "Some Modern Aspects of The-
ology and Life." Evening— Sermon by
Rev. Dr. Sunderland of the First Uni-
tarian Church of Oakland.
St. Alban'fl Kpiscopal Church, Golden Gate
Hall, «25 Sutter street— Rev. Erasmus Van
Deerlln.
Miming— Service
o'clock.
and
sermon
at
11:15
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 223 Suiter
street — The Bible and Science and Health,
With Key to the Scriptures.
Morning— "Probation After Death." Ev.n-
l llg _--The Temple Restored by Offerings
From the People."
Y. M. C. A., Ellis and Mason streets— Dr.
Jefferson.
3 11 m.— Lecture by Pr. Jefferson on the
third of a series on the subject of "The
Hook of Luke."
ITALIAN FAIR
TO BE OPENED
Preparations Nearly
Complete.
LIST OF VARIOUS BOOTHS
MAYOR PHELAN MAKES THE
DEDICATORY ADDRESS.
Names of the Charitable Ladies Who
Are Destined to Make ,
the Bazaar a
Succ«ss.
The parlflhloners of Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church are growing en
thusiastic over the prospects of their
church fair, which will be opened by
Mayor x helun on Monday evening, Oc
tober 17. at Washington-square Hall.
All preliminaries bearing on the fair
have been carefully attended to and per
fectly arranged. An elaborate musical
programme lins been prepared for the oc
casion, and may be noted as a character
istic feature that cannot fall to be great
ly appreciated.
The various booths will be presided over
by the following ladies:
chil.lren of Mary booth— Mrs. Dr. Pescia,
Miss Glnocchlo, president of the Children of
Mary; Miss ('ampodonlco, vice president, as
sisted by other officers and members of the
sodality.
Mary, Help of Christians, flower stand —
Kta Eda Heronlo and Miss Eda Lertora, as
sisted by Mesdamea ('. Masoero, 1,. J. Wataon,
Miss A. Arata. Miss F. Bacclgalupl, Mins B.
Uorllnl, Miss C. Chlchlzola. Miss I. Garbarino.
Mlks M. Olceße. Miss M. Stevenot. Miss J.
Wilson and others.
Columbus booth — Mrs. Brun. Mrs. Danerl and
a host of friends.
St. I'ecelia's booth— Mrs. Spadlna, Miss Spa
dlno. assisted by Miss Lenormnnd. Miss U.
Frapoli. Miss J. Spencer. Miss R. Merlo. Miss
I. Hlanchl. Miss S. Forner, Miss K. ■ Smith.
Messrs. "3. Root, J. Lombard and others.
St. Lucia booth — Mrs. Caßlierl, Mrs. Cer
velll. Miss CaKllerl and friends.
Icocream stnnd and soda fountain — Mra. Cer
velli. Miss Ollva, asstntpd by Miss Ix>renzl,
Miss Ratußliatl, Miss Urandona and others.
Prize wheel— ln charge of Mr. Ollva and as
sistants.
In connection with each booth are some
special attractions such as the po3t
officp, thi- f?ral> bag, the fish pon<l and an
Interesting series of well-planned con
tests.
Ihe programme of entertainments has
been arranged by Mrs. Steffanl as fol
lows:
Monday— The Mascagnl Mandolin Club, (a)
"Rlcordl <J'I»elle" (fSartorl), (b) "Lucia dt
Ummermoor" (Donizetti), Professor Plcclrlllo;
HALE'S.
We believe most housekeepers read every advi we write ; they must believe our words be-
cause they spend their money with us ; we've talked "good goods" persistently and consistently for
many moons ; we want these words to go into every home from Siskiyou to San Diego : we are the
largest buyers of dry goods for retail on the Pacific Coast ; we insist that every salesperson shall put
their whole heart and soul into pleasing you ; we insist that everything advertised must be truth-
fully described: we can't afford to lose any one's trade however big we are, and we like you to know it.
new black •
dress goods — aisle 1 front
heavy silk crepons In billowy designs,
woven over a rep ground, 48 inches wide,
in a variety of styles, exclusive, fir Q
choice tJ>O
mohair crepons, email designs In raised
patterns, extra heavy and 42 Inches fir O
wide OS
amazon cloths, decidedly French, possess-
ing the charm of a strong fir I FZ.f\
novelty, 50 Inches wide tJ)l«Ul/
■.:-". ;-.;Vv '•■ |
soliels. dressy and our own importation
from best English makers, 42 Inches
wide, much spoken of in fir | PZf\
ladies' magazines jtJ>I»OV/
cheviots, another importation from Eng-
land, very soft finish in heavy quality,
good for complete costumes, <jr 1 K.f\
60 inches wide .' tJ>I»O"
paquins, very much worn this fall, extra
heavy, bright, lustrous finish, fir | 4) PZ. ■
46 Inches wide <J)lt^O
(See window display.)
trimmings are ;
much worn— aisle 1 center *
Jet and spangled edgings, % andCTi~|/-»
% Inch yard OUV*
Jet and spangled passamenterie, 1 to 6 •
inches, in great variety, price accord- i
ing to richness 75c to 90.50 yard
black silk and mohair edgings, % to 1 1
Inch wide 5!5c
black silk and mohair passamenterie, *
1 to 6 Inches wide Too to $2.50 yard <
colored silk edging, % to 1 inch wide, J
lOc to sOe yard j
colored applique trimming, % to IV4 ,
inches 30c to $2.25 yard '
I
millinery I
our reputation of two seasons for exquisite c
creations In ladles' chapeaux Is established,
in children's pokes, flats and Neapolitan I
shapes, we offer the latest In bestCJ/"|>-» 1
of felt «Uv
I
braided placques. so much used aTm 7l^L{>
turbans and short-backed sailors.. COW (
these are the items for which women eagerly watch Hale's advertisements:
€0 dozen huckaback towels, fine weave,
fringed colored borders, site 19x39
inches He
new shirting flannels, 28 Inches wide, :
heavy quality, twilled, in small checks
and stripes, medium colors 12%c
new 1 Firman cotton eiderdown flannel.
27 inches wide, a heavy, warm, wrap-
per flannel ••• 12Hc
spachtel bureau scarfs to match shams. &
20x51 each »So
4-ro« all-bristle toothbrush 15c .
b&& other attractions In the '* Examiner" and " Bulleth
"The Palma," tenor polo. Professor Manloyd;
I -: .-. ted. soprano. Miss Annie Rooney.
Tuesday— The entertainment will be sustained
by the Olee Club, Company M. League of the
Crops.
Wednesday— Mr. Zappelll, Miss foleman and
Mr. Dubols have kindly consented to render
selected pieces.
Thursday — Entertainment by the Italian
pc>ionl children, trained and directed by Mrs.
Mosca.
Fridny— Sonps will be rendered by Mr. Shee
rin, Mr. Plo Lanfranchi and M!ss Spadlna.
Miss Drefuss' famous little artists will show
their ability in some samples of fancy danc
ing.
Saturday— Selected, J. J. Lerman; "Sempre
T'niti." duet. Mrs. StefTani and Mr. Brolinl:
selected, tenor solo, W. J. O'Brien; selected,
contralto solo. Miss Eda Smyth.
■ ♦ ■ .
MORE SMOOTH PAVEMENTS.
Merchants' Association Working for
More Improvements Downtown.
L. M. King, superintendent of the street
department of the Merchants' Associa
tion, who has just returned from the
Eoat, Is very mtioh gratified over the
progress made iff street improvement in
the downtown thoroughfares. All of this
work was started by the association's ef
forts before he left. The last block to fall
Into line is Sutter street, between Kearny
and Grant avenue, which is to be paved
with . bitumen. In the next block, be
tween Grant avenue and Stockton street,
half of the property owners have signified
their *vlllingness to stand the expense of
having the old round cobbles removed and
a basalt pavement put on a concrete foun
dation substituted. The grado forbids a
bitumen pavement, but the one proposed
will serve well. The surface will be al
most even, and the cracks between the
blocks being tilled with asphalt or tar will
make it a modern roadway, smooth and
clean.
The efforts of the association are being
directed toward Sixth street, the desire
being to have a bitumen pavement laid
from Market street to Folsom. This will
give a smooth roadway from well down
Market street to the Mission, via Sixth
street, for light wagons and bicycles. A
large number of the property owners
along Sixth street have already slened for
the improvement, and the belief Is that
by making this the smooth avenue be
tween downtown and the Mission It will
increase the importance of the retail busi
ness there. In the near future California
street, between Montgomery and Kearny,
will bo paved with wooden blocks, the
same as the street opposite the Phelan
building. The grade is too stt-ep for bit
umen, and the bankers In the block wish
to have a noiseless pavement. Prooably
the worst block In the city is the one
between Battery and Sansome streets, on
(Hay. It Is a mass of hummocks and
chu'ckholes. and the fruit and vegetables
that find their way Into the gutters make
the place malodorous as well as unsightly.
A bitumen pavement Is to be laid mere,
moat of the property owners having
signed and after the improvement Is made
the block will be washed every day or so.
Want a School Building.
A committee of ten residents of Sunny
side appeared before six members of the
Board of Education at the city building
yesterday and asked for the construction
of a $5000 school building in their district.
The Sunnyside people complained that the
present rented shack is an eyesore and is
unfit for the purposes of a school.
The committee was referred to Mayor
Phclan for advice. The Mayor stat3d that
it was possible that the Supervisors mipht
appropriate $5000 out of the m*w firemen's
fund, received from the foreign insurance
companies, or possibly there would be no
garbage contract, and then the Super
visors could give $5000 out of the money
Bet aside for the garbage. The Sunnyside
committee will present a petition to the
Supervisors on Monday.
HALE'S.
new display
in portieres — aisle 3 rear.
tapestry portieres, 44 pairs double-faced rep
and rococo effect, 3 yards long, 50 inches
wide, knotted fringe top and bot- fiTQ f\f\
torn; per pair €J>O» \J\J
Bagdad portieres, Imitations of those rich
Oriental effects peculiar to the East, 54 pairs,
3 yards long, 50 Inches wide, new colorings,
heavy knotted fringe top and bottom; fi* A
pair «!>Tr
\tapestry portieres, with side border, moire
effects, 8 yards long, 50 inches wide. in seven
rich colorings, 35 pairs only; fi» A OR
pair <J)'Tr»-^O
first display, 30 pairs armure weave In heraldic
effect, rich portieres, 3^ yards long, 50 inches
wide, heavy knotted fringe top and bot- ■ CZ.n
torn; pair *Ji*J
heard of the famous Gobelin tapestry portieres
—here we offer close imitations, 3 yards long
by 50 inches wide, panel centers, fir "7 PZf\
5 shades to choose from; pair..... <J> C •OvJ
want couch covers to match your Bagdad por-
tieres? We have them in the 6 stripe effects, 3
yards long, 60 Inches wide, fringed fir O OR
all round, very serviceable; each. tj)-^»^tJ
(all hung free by experienced drapers.)
woolen yarns,
knitted goods — 2d aisle rear.
German knitting yarn 25c hank or $100 lb.
German town yarn 12c hank or Jl 40 lb.
Spanish yarn 15c skein or $120 lb.
Imported Saxony yarn. ..B l-3c skein or $1 00 lb.
fairy floss yarn 15c skein or $1 20 lb.
fairy zephyr yarn 15c skein or $1 20 lb.
Shetland floss yarn 15c skein or $1 20 lb.
2, 4 and 8 fold zephyr yarn 5c lap or $1 60 lb.
child's slipper soles 12Uc
misses' slipper soles 20 c
ladles' slipper soles .7 ll> c
Rents' slipper soles 35 C
'see window dlsplay^for other Hems and prices.)
fancy quill ponpons lOe
wing ponpons 2.">e
argus quills, each 3c
Jet -spangled crowns . ...sOc
Jeweled crowns (now so much in vogue) 30c
2500 yards Oriental and net top Venetian
point lace, 2 to 9 inches wide, take your \
early pick, yard ; 15c
spachtel pillow shams, richly embroidered
with tambour stitching, 32 inches square,
pair 75c
9-row imported French all-bristle hair-
brush, solid back 25c
WOULD ESTABLISH A
SCHOOL CF DAIRYING
VARIOUS SUBJECTS CONSIDERED
BY THE BUTTER-MAKERS
Refrigerating Machinery a Necessity
to the Success of the Creameries.
Old Ways Do Not Pay.
A number of very Interesting papers
were read yesterday at the second ses
sion of the fifth annual convention of
the California Dairy Association, meet
ing In the Chamber of Commerce rooms.
One by ueorge E. Peoples was on the
subject of "Refrigerating." He said that
refrigerating machines are absolutely
necessary in the creameries, especially
In the hot valleys of the State. The
necessity comes from the high standard
of gooirs that the people have come to de
mand. The machine process permits a
gradual cooling of the cream, which the
direct application of ice does not, and
the effect of the latter is a greater loss
of fat.
George W. Church of Sonoma discussed
the advantages of silage for milk pro
duction. "The Manufacture of Brick
Cheese" was the subject of a paper read
by Charles A. Fleweger. He told how
the article was made, and stated that It
would be profitable to the dairymen of
this State to make. He said that large
quantities are shipped into this State
from Oregon and tne East. J. P. Pear
son started a long discussion by his paper
on "Dairy Education and Dairy Schools."
He stated that in the East dairy educa
tion has been very profitable to the com
munities in which knowledge on these
lines Is Imparted.- In over thirty of tha
States experimental dairy schools have
been established In connection with the
universities. He hopes that the matter
will be brought to the attention of the
regents of the university, with a view of
having sucft an instituion established in
connection with the Berkeley college. He
suggested that the convention pass a res
olution calling upon the regents to con
sider the matter, and have such a
school established If possible.
Colonel E. A. Denlcke, one of the re
gents, said that the board of which he
Is a member is heartily in accord with
the dairy interests, and he believed that
If some of those interested In the State's
Improvement could be made to appreciate
the benefits of such an Institution the
means would be furnished for equipping
a dairy school.
JUDGES AT INGLESIDE.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club Has
Elected New Racing Officials.
At a special meeting of the Pacific Coast
Jockey Club the directors made some very
important changes in the staff of racing
officials: Edward F. Smith of Sacramen
to and Harry Kuhl of Chicago have be«n
appointed judges, and will occupy the
stand at Ingleside during the coming sea
son. Last season, in the absence of Cap
tain James H. Rees, Joseph A. Murphy,
who is the presiding judge of the Califor
nia Jockey Club, presided at Ingleside and
J. W. Wilson of Sacramento was assistant
Judge.
Edward F. Smith of Sacramento, who ia
the new presiding Judge, is well known
and very popular. He is the secretary of
the State Agricultural Society. Harry
Kuhl, the now assistant judge, has been
for two years past the official handicap
£er and clerk of the scales at Ingleside.
:oth are experienced racing men and un
der their watchful care the racing at
Ingleside during the coming season will
be conducted on strictly fair principles. I
Hosmer Has Returned.
Assistant District Attorney John A.
Hosmer, who a few days ago appeared be
fore the Supreme Court in Los Angreles
on behalf of Detective McVey of Dela
ware, who seeks to remove -Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin to the scene of the murder of
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane for trial,
has returned to the city. Mr. Hosmer
contended that as the Governor had Is
sued the warrant for Mrs. Botkin's ex
tradition she was illegally held by Chief
Lees, and he asked that the Supreme
Court order her into the custody of De
tective McVey that he might remove her
to Delaware. The Supreme Court refused
to interfere, however, and Mr. Hosmer's
object was defeated.
HALE'S.
r*^\ exhibit of
ytiß beddings.
Jo ) i»/ ii!Li*>A^^^ N *>«. (aisle 3 rear.)
1(I[1 1 JcLl l\ white wool blankets,
I I y"J — ( / a 'l pure wool, large
IK JL IJ ■ r full size, silk bound,
H/f^-rK V I pink, blue and yellow
/V 1 ; \\Jt y-»v borders; note the size,
•~Vi*JJ \jC \s* \ see the blanket and the
T^^^StiCrV'^ \ price will be : convin-
\ I 72x84. .55 and $6 per pair
\\\ \ 76x56 J7 75 per pair
. 111 78x88. $ 9 and $10 per pair
. \^aj fine Imported Austra-
/ X llan wool «1» I A PZ(\
fyf blankets.. «1>1^«OU
j/ I I higher grade 916.50
C (( n s^^ — ■ and 922.50 per pair.
50 pair white wool blankets, 90 per cent
wool, size 67x78. silk bound, with pink
and blue borders (only 50 pair, CO Qfft
remember) €&*>•;£,**
2 cases Marseilles spreads, 2% yards wide, 92
Inches long, raised designs, hem- fljl 7£>
med ready for use tp*» * *J
4 cases white crochet spreads, full size, OKJ/-»
hemmed; hotels, attention vt/w
2 cases white crochet spreads, 71xSirTK/-»
Inches, hemmed ready for use * uv
white crochet spreads, 70x82. hemmed., /i^r*
eiderdown comforters, sateen covered, full
size, figured both sides, good for <£O '^
boarding-houses fpjZi* f O
6 bales comforters, good dark designs, QA^,
full size, chintz covering t/l/v
10 bales comforters In • dark colors, Gkr*
stitched, size 60x70; see these tJtJKJ
men's
gloves— 2d aisle front.
one-clasp pique walking glove, sizes - 7 to
9, long wrist, in red tan, oxblood and <J» 1
brown tp 1
one-clasp pique walking glove, sizes 7 to 9,
In red tan, oxblood, brown and fir 1 EZ.f\
black t!)l»DU
boys' l-cla«p walking glove, sizes 414 1 to fir 1
6% $I>l
cushion covers of heavy figured cretonne, with
a four-inch hem. all ready for use. 18 inches
square, in assorted colors, each 225c
lady's corset, covered with fine black sateen,
closely stripped. French cut, 4 hooks, long in
front, short in hip, lace and ribbon trimmed top
and bottom, size 18 to 28 SI.OO
children's black cashmere hose, narrow ribbed,'
fine quality, double knees, double merino heels
and toes, sizes 6 to 9 25c
PILLAGER
INDIAN
OUTBREAK
(Continued From Page Twenty-three.)
answer the Indians when he knew so
well of their wrongs. As one old In
dian, I have forgotten his name, said
to him, "God Almighty made Indians,
but he did not make reservation In
dians."
The Government sends to the agency
agriculturists, who are supposed to
teach the Indians farming. These men
are mostly, however, chosen, so Bishop
Gilbert says, more for their knowledge
of po-litics than for their ability as farm
ers. They stay a few years on the
reservation and then go back to the
city, but not so poor as they came.
The Indian knows a thing or two-, and
when he sees the agents hired with his
own money, which he would just as
soon have the spending of himself, driv
ing about the farm it makes him very
angry. Civil service was expected to
make all this better, but the spoils at
an Indian agency is too choice a pick-
Ing to be thrown away lightly. When
the report gcres back to Washington
of the affairs at the White Earth res
ervation it is whispered that the In
dians will not bear all the blame of the
war.
HELEN GREY.
COSTS SIX HUNDRED DOLLARS
TO M(qRRY '
AN INDIAN WOMAN NOW.
Special to the The Sunday Call.
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 15.— 1t
costs 5600 now to buy a
marriage license in the
Chickasaw Nation, Indian
Territory. The Chickasaw
Council in session at Tishomingo, I. T.,
has just passes the bill raising the price
of license to whiU men who would wed
ChicKasaw women from $50 to $600.
The purpose of the bill is to prevent
indolent white men marrying into the
tribe or marrying these girls for money
alone.
The Chickasaw tribe of Indians is
comprised of about five thousand full
bloods and ten or twelve thousand half
and quarter-breeds.
Many white men have married into
the tribe within recent years and set
tled upon large tracts of land. Of the
nearly 250,000 acres of land in that na
tion over one-half of it Is owned and
settled upon by whites who have mar
ried Indian women.
Until very recently these "squaw
men" have also controlled the Council
and law-making bodies of the tribe. At
the last election the fullbloods were in
the majority and elected every member
of the Council. They at once decided to
pass a bill stopping so many white men
from marrying into the tribe and ac
cordingly passed the bill raising the
license fee.
The new 5600 fee only applies to Avhite
men or women who would marry a
Chickasaw Indian according to the laws
of that nation and become a citizen of
their nation with all the rights to land
and money,
A Chickasaw Indian if he had his al
lotment and per capita of the tribal
fund Is worth about 53000. It is still a
profitable business to marry an Indian
woman of that tribe, but it will not be
Indulged in so much hereafter because
of the Increase in the license fee.
DID NOT WAJSTT HIS VOTE.
Jerry Sullivan Sentenced to Three
Months for Stealing a Valise,
Jerry Sullivan, a petty larceny thief,
was yesterday sent to the County Jail for
three months by Judge Conlan. Laat
HALE'S.
jackets — aisles 3 and 4 rear.
the finest goods — the
widest range— the most
complete assortment
.■lfflfkjQL we have ever carried:
imH< black boucle jacket. -
&fi&mßZZ. medici collar, silk
3i^*^P^ faced, box front, tfl£C
S^ sizes 32 to 44.... «P«J
? OR: 2«\— black kersey jacket,
Y" > «j' OX front.' 4 buttons.
\-S- r half fitting, welted
l--\. seams, silk serge lined,
.^#s^\ sizes $7.50
/^y\^C^f^, 32 t0 **■■ *** * •«> V
( 7 <^<^VIIL. A 1 jacket of tan scotch
V I I ; iL>' . A tweed, four button box
\\ '' I i: | front, lined with silk
Al 1 1 /^*» I serge, newest sleeves,
1\ //T ) sizes tirO £%O
a\ ■ {<*/ 34 to 40 " *P* '** J "
/ / 1'• jacket of black dlago-
. /\ ' \ y^\ nal, tailor finished,
r I ( \ v^^ftft half fitting, six but-
Vii. .n-iH'ffP't tons, satin lined
WJillliiWW If throughout, turn down
collar, lap Beams,
3 y to to 8 $15.00
cutaway jacket of English whipcord, velvet
collar, lined throughout with novelty stripe
eta ..... 3 . Uk : !^? ...... fl ': $22.50
(private fitting rooms; alterations free.)
handkerchief
— aisle 2 center.
200 dozen ladies' swlsp
embroidered scalloped
,- edge, embroidered with
yr'^-\-, lace edge, and Marie
-*-WVl*- Antoinette lace 1 f|r*
S^t^A^SF borders; each. *Vf
y^ ■'{ \ 100 dozen . ladles* swiss
/ n Y*v\ embroidered " scalloped
/ ft J.'-- edge : handker- K/-»
/ I chiefs OC
//7/^C) ' 200 dozen' ladies' union
\(J / L. linen embroidered, scal-
/^//i^v^. loped and gage of hem-
ff\j B \ Vv stitched borders bought
/Stjlt V. * \\ by the : thousand , and
/' F V' V \u\ not boxed, -bought- to
/• f /' ' s :\ «Uv five you spec- \Ar*
m «^y' ial value » «v
V l^ "* • *&J'J'/ **** boxes ladles' swlss
\*^<*f& &SS/ embroidered handker-
il ©1/ /v 7 •■ chiefs, half doz. assort-
\V ffjr ed in a box with beau-
v- Jk ' v tiful picture on cover,
X/^"' a good / thing for
a present; <? 1 f\f\
per box . OItUU
(see the window display.)
McCall patterns.
yom don't know how good these paper patterns
are until we fully explain their merit to you.
8-inch oil boiled horn dressing comb 25c
5 row nail brush lOe
7^-inch clothes brush, 1-inch bristles 15c
3 cakes balsam and tolu complexion saap..7'-o
2-oz. bottle German cologne 2Oc
bottle lavender smelling salts 15c
1 quart tin graduated measure, half pint to
quart 4O4 O
4-inch burner oil stove 35c
5 ft. 3-fold clothes horse 85c
i."
"Wednesday John Reid, a member of the
lowa Regiment, grave him a valise to
carry from the Presidio to a Union-street
car. Jerry disappeared with the valise
and pawned it for $1.
He explained to the court that It was
all a mistake, and felt aggrieved that
such a charge would be brought against
him. The Judge questioned him. and he
admitted that he had been sent up be
fore. As it looked bad for him, he said
that if the Judge would let him off he
would vote for him. but it had no effect,
and he got three months, much to his dis
gust.
ADVEBTISSMENTS.
I " THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
Turkish easy-all-over
chair, with springseat,up-
holstered arms and back.
Wide,deep,comfortable $5
Sideboards for every use and taste,
from the plain to the ornate. One in
solid oak, with wide drawers, shelves
and mirror 57,50
Full size white enamel beds, brass
trimmings 52.75
A carload of metal beds just in:
Blue, olive, amazon black, green and
Dresden enamel, nickel and brass
trimmed, and full brass beds.
Polished solid oak Pedastals,3o inch-
es high, round top, rope column S3
High and low Pedastal, in oak, in-
laid mahogany and other woods. For
busts, statuary, lamp and flower
stands. __ ; -.
' CABPET DEPABTMENT
American carpet manufacturers have
long excelled, and this year's designs
show a marked advance, in colorings
and textures. We have all the good
weaves, and can fill any possible car-
pet need.
Nubia Rugs, 27x54 inches, in ori-
ental colorings and designs, an excel-
lent value • 51iS
Free delivery, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO,
233 to 237 Post Street
Open evenings .. . Near Stockton
ISO PAINI NO PAINI
_^gft^ OWM * Prime in the City I
j^y^^^^^ GUARANTEED.
H ■ «| TEETH WITHOUT
•slSa jj& MgJ PLATES A SPECIALTY.
*& «Rgf* «3f Full Set of Teeth, ex-
rff > V. I tractlng free. .$4.30 up
'/ >L jfiSt. Go id Crowns. 221t ;
CTtti l^^^^^W^eL' Fillings 2.%c up
electro-dental
SSi^}\%«uSjx7 Suite 7, Flood Building,
■■T-r .•-■:' ' 809 MARKET ST.
1 Office Hi* — » *.m. to 10 p.m. ; Sun.. %to jif.ta.