VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 57.
SPAIN SUES FOR PEACE
AND ADMITS HER DEFEAT
A DIRECT
APPEAL TO
McKINLEY
Made Through the French
Embassador at Wash
ington.
The United States As^ed to For
mulate Terms for Concluding
the War.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent sends the following:
Spain has sued for peace. Ap
preciating the futility of indirect
methods of inducing the Ameri
cans to consent to terms of
peace, the Madrid authorities
have come out openly, frankly
admitting their defeat and direct
ly asking the United States for
a statement of terms upon which
it would be willing to end the
war. This important and deli
cate mission was intrusted to M.
■"Camborir the--Frertch-Embnssa
dor, the official representative of
Spain in Washington since the
beginning of the war. Embassa
dor Cambon, accompanied by M.
Thiebaut, first secretary of the
French Embassy, called at the
White House shortly after 3
o'clock and formally presented
President McKinley a message
from the Spanish Government,
the purport of which was subse
quently officially announced by
the Embassador in these words:
The French Embassa
dor,on behalf of the Gov
ernment of Spain, and
by direction oF the Span
ish Minister of Foreign
Affairs, presented to the
President thisafternoon
a message from the
Spanish Government
looking to the termina
tion of the war and the
settlement of the terms
of peace.
Momentous was the mission intrusted
to M. Cambon, and correspondingly Im
pressive the scene which occurred dur
ing its execution. A Cabinet officer
who learned all the details of what
passed between President McKinley,
•Secretary Day and his distinguished
callers described them to me to-night.
The message which he presented to the
President had been sent in cipher by
the Madrid Government to the French
embassy via Paris. Ab soon aa the
message reached the Embassador it
was translated and a note was drawn
up In English.
The mfssage was described by a high
official as a dignified and courtly docu
ment, thoroughly good in terms, but
F-hnwing the distress which Spain is
SPAIN'S CABINET
COUNCIL DISCUSSES
THE PEACE QUESTION.
MADRID (via Paris), July 26. — The Government de
nies that the Cabinet council occupied itself with the ques
tion of peace, although Senor Gamaza, Minister of Public
Instruction and Public Work?, made a long speech on the
subject.
Senor Sagasta denies the existence of official peace ne
gotiations, but Duke Almodovar de Rio, Minister of For
e-gn Affairs, says negotiations of a private character have
been opened, due to private initiative.
The council discussed the landing in Porto Rico and its
consequences. Nothing new was announced with reference
to the situation in Cuba or the Philippines.
The San Francisco Call
' suffering as a result of the war. It was
! taken to the White House by M. Cam
! bon, who was accompanied by M. Thie
' baut, first secretary of the embassy.
I The President and Secretary Day had
previously been notified of their call,
I and Mr. Day had been closeted with
] the President half an hour before the
' arrival of the diplomats. The French
j representatives were escorted to the
blue room, and later, at the invitation
of the President, they ascended to the
second floor, where they entered the
| private room of the President. Mr. Mc-
Kinley, who entered by a side door,
walked over and greeted the Embassa
dor, and then his secretary closed the
: door by which they had entered and
courteously invited his callers to be
seated. Before complying the Embas
sador announced in French, which was
translated by M. Thiebaut. that with
the. consent of his Government he called
to deliver from the Qu^en Kegem of
Spain a message having: as its object
the. termination of the war between the
United States and Spain, which his sec
retary would read.
M. Cambon then took his seat, the
President sank into an armchair just
before him and Secretary Day occupied
a chair to the right of the President.
M. Thiebaut remained standing and
: read the message. As told to me to
night by an official familiar with its
contents, it is briefly:
. "The Government erf the United
States and the Government of Spain
are unhappily at war as a result of the
demand of the United States that Spain
would withdraw from Cuba, which de
mand she refused to comply with. In
the contest of arms which followed
Spain admits that she has been worsted
and that her sufferings as a result are
very great. She believes that the time
has now come when she can properly
ask the co-operation of the United
States in terminating the war, and,
therefore, asks to be furnished, through
the French Embasador, with a state
ment of the terms upon which the
United States would be willing to make
peace."
That the President appreciated the
gravity of the message, I am told, was
evidenced by the close attention he
gave to M. Thiebaut aa he was reading
the document. The light coming from
the south through three broad windows
in the circular wall fell upon the Presi
dent, seated in a great armchair, listen
ing intently to the words which slowly
dropped from M. Thiebaut's lips. Di
rectly in front of a large white sofa sat
the Embassador, dressed in diplomatic
garb, his monocle in his right eye. To
the right of the President and at one
end of the sofa; silent, Impassive, his
legs crossed, was Secretary Day,
weighing each word, each sentence, and
preparing to raise questions which he
would put to the Embasador for reply
when the reading was concluded. To
the left of the President stood the Sec
retary of the Embassy, several pages
of the message closely held in his left
hand, reading the words slowly, as if
he desired the President and Secretary
of State to consider each word aa he
dropped it. Just back of the President,
unrolled on a circular table, was the
sa:n fkancisco, Wednesday, july 27, 1898.
JULES CAMBON, the Frencb Embassador at Washington.
theater of operations of war and the
cause of the message — maps of Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines.
When M. Thiebaut had finished read-
Ing he nan-led the message to the Em
bassador. Mho pave it to the President.
The President then invited M. Thie
baut to be seated on the sofa next to
his chief. He expressed gratification at
the receipt of the message, saying lie
was very glad to receive it from the
hands of the French Embassador, that
in view of its gravity he would like,
before making reply, to discuss it with
his Cabinet, and he begged the Embas
sador to kindly call for an answer,
whl^h he would be g!ad to make to the
Queen Regent of Spain through him,
and that the BSaabaftsador would be ad
vised by the Secretary of State when
to return.
This olosed the official ceremony. A
general conversation thon began be
tween the President and Embassador
with Secretary Day occasionally ask
ing a question, the questions and an
swers being translated into French by
M. Thiebaut. Embassador Cambon
was unable to tell the President what
concessions Spain would make to ob
tain peace, and Mr. McKinley did not
Indicate what terms his Government
would be willing to give. Then there
were a great many sentences in the
message which the President desired to
more perfectly understand and he
asked M. Cambon to explain them at
length. The time passed quickly in
such conversation, and when the
French diplomat arose to leave It was
found that their call had lasted three
quarters of an hour.
Before departing the President sug
gested that it would be wise to prepare
a statement for the press, and M. Thie
baut volunteered to take it down. Sec
retary Day dictated to him upon a
piece of paper torn from an envelope in
which the message had been inclosed
the statement which begins this report
of the proceedings.
Spain having Inserted the entering
wedge in the direction of peace, the
great question now is whether an
agreement can be reached as to the
terms. Upon President McKinley de
volves the duty of making the first
definite proposition. He has a very
good general idea of the minimum de
mands which he will make, but it will
be several days before he will commu
nicate with Embassador Cambon.
Meantime he may be influenced by
what he can learn about public senti
ment throughout the country, and es
pecially among the Senators who will
have to ratify any treaty of peace that
may be agreed upon with the Spanish
representatives.
Although no formal statement will
now be made as to what the Presi
dent will demand, it may be safely
stated as a result of the conversations
I have had during the last few days
with members' of the Cabinet that
these, briefly, are the minimum terms
to be acceptable to the administration:
Complete independence of Cuba un
der the protection of the United States;
absolute cession to the United States
of Porto Rico and the Ladrones; a
coaling station in the Philippines.
The extreme concessions that Spain
is supposed to be willing to make are:
Cession to the United States of Porto
Rico; cession to the United States of
Cuba rather than recognition of the
Independence of the island. It will be
! seen that there is comparatively little
'■ difference between the demands of the
; United States and the extreme con
cessions of Spain as to Cuba and Porto
: Rico. If these islands alone were to be
' considered there is reason to believe
the basis of peace could be soon agreod
upon. Questions that will arise M to
the disposition of the Philippines and
the Ladrones will probably give the
negotiators Berloua trouble. Spain will
probably first yield to the demand for
the cession of the Ladrones and will hold
out to the last to preserve intact her
I Philippine colony, which will be her
1 only possession of Importance outside
I of thp peninsula after Cuba and Porto
! Rico have been Riven up. Neither v
i ernment, however, will allow the qu< i
i tion of the Ladrones to delay peacr-.
The United States will dema.nd a.«
absolutely ess, tlal to peace the ces
sion of a coalinrr stati-m and a port in
the Philippine*, and whether anything
more will be demanded in these islands
will depend on the progress of events,
and perhaps !n no small degree upon
the expressions of public opinion in the
United States, between the present
and the time when actual negotiations
as to the details of the peace treaty
are taken up.
A.s to Cuba, Spain Is believed to b«
ready to give more than the United
States asks. The President will de
mand that Spain give up the Island in
trust to the United States, to be turn
ed over to an Independent Cuban gov
ernment as soon as such government
can be established on a stable basis.
Spain, it is believed, would prefer to
turn Cuba over to the United States
absolutely and have the island annexed
to this country.
The reason for this, as explain^ to
me by a person In a position to know,
is that the Spanish Government feels
that Spanish life and property will be
safer in the island under the Govern
ment of the United States than under
any government the Cubans might set
up. It is feared that if the Cubans
should be allowed an independent gov
ernment they would find means per
haps under the form of law to oppress
those residents of the islana who have
remained loyal to Spain throughout the
war and have refused to aid the insur
gents in any way.
The message from the Queen Regent
did not ask for n cessation of hostili
ties pending negotiations for peace,
and had such a request been made, it
would not have been granted. The ad
ministration will go on with the vigor
ous prosecution of the war in every di
rection Just the same if no peace prop
ositions had be^n received, and hostili
ties will not cease until some definite
understanding has been reached as to
the basis on which negotiations for the
final treaty are to he conducted.
If, after receiving the propositions of
Mr. McKinley, Spain indicates a will
ingness to make the basis of a final
treaty, and asks for an armistice, her
request will be complied with. It is
recognized here that the course of the
Spanish Government will probably de
pend in a great measure upon the tem
per with which the people of Spain re
ceive the propositions of the United
States. If it should appear that the
Spantsh people are bo tired of the war
that they are willing to pay almost uny
price, there may be little haggling over
the Philippine Islands, which will form
a bone of contention, and an armistice
will be speedily agreed to.
If, on the other hand, there are indi
cations that any yielding by Spain on
this point would cause grave civil dis
orders, thf final termination of hostil
ities wouirl be delayed. The Spanish
Ministry probably realizes, however,
that every day of delay will make the
conditions imposed by the United
States more onerous, and will increase
the danger of the absolute loss to Spain
of the entire Philippine group.
I have reliable information that the
action of Spain In proposing peace ne
gotiations at this time was brought
about by :i desire to save th° Philip
pine Islands. General Merrltt is due
to arrive at Manila In a few days with
4000 more troops. The Monterey and
Monadnock will arrive about the same
time to reinforce Admiral Dewey's al
ready formidable fleet, and then, un
less peace should intervene, active land
operations against the Spanish army in
the islands would begin. Should Spain's
land foives in the Philippines be as
thoroughly defeated r>s her navy, and
there is reason to believe this will be
so if the war is continued for only a
few weeks longer, the problem for the
final disposition of the islands will be
greatly complicated. It is difficult to
see how Spain could regain control
over them with Aguinaldo and his in
surgent followers ready to oppose
every attempt in that direction. Pres
ident McKlnley may be compelled, by
the existing situation, to Insist upon
terms which would leave the United
States practically in control of all the
islands.
Of this question of the disposal of
the Philippines the President will hear
a great deal in the next few days. He
will be strongly urged by the extreme
advocates of territorial expansion to in
sist upon their retention by the United
States as a colonial possession. Others
will urge him to set up a native gov
ernment under a protectorate by the
United State*, and still others will im
press upon him the importance of end
ing the war and preventing the sacri
fice of more American lives, and will
urge that the question of the Philip
pines be not allowed to stand in the
way of reaching this end.
Secretaries Alger and Long were at
the White House during the afternoon,
and in the evening the President was
joined by Secretaries Bliss and Wil
son and Postmaster General Smi:h.
There was no Cabinet meeting in the
ordinary sense, but these talks with
individual members were as a formal
meeting.
It is considered likely that one means
likely to be proposed is to author;ze
direct negotiations between Spain and
this country, Spain being represented
by Senor Leon Castillo, Spanish Em
bassador at Paris, and the United
States by General Horace Porter, our
Embassador to France. Senor Castillo
is one of the foremost diplomats of
Europe, and General Porter, while not
a veteran in diplomacy, is regarded as
able and tactful, and every move
would be regulated by explicit instruc
tions from Washington. This plan is
quite tentative, however, and it is
rather doubtful whether the United
States Government would consent to
have such negotiations removed so far;
REPORTED
SURRENDER
OF MANILA
Augusti Is Said to H ave
Yielded to Admiral
Dewey.
Probably Prefers Falling Into the
Hands of the American
Forces.
MADRID, July 26 (n p. m.). — Information has been re
ceived here to the effect that Captain General Augusti has sur
rendered the city of Manila to the American forces commanded
by Admiral Dewey and Generals Anderson and Greene.
The Spanish garrison was short of ammunition, and food
and water were both scarce, the insurgents having" control of
the pumping works, and having surrounded the city so as to
prevent any supplies being sent to the enemy.
It is believed that rather than yield to the insurgents the
captain general decided to give up the city to the Americans.
Several days ago a message was received by the Minister
of War from Augusti, stating that an attack on the city by the
American forces was expected at any moment, and that grave
events were about to occur. It is now believed that this was
intended as a warning to the Ministry that the city would be
given up to avoid useless bloodshed.
Conditions at Manila have been causing the deepest anx
iety of late. The Government believes that the town has been
bombarded by the American warships, and that it was simulta
neously attacked on the land side by 12,000 Americans and 20,
000 rebels.
Captain General Augusti has about 10.000 European sol
diers, sailors and marines. He has been sorely embarrassed by
the non-combatants, but he was nevertheless expected to make
a prolonged resistance, unless the lack of provisions and water
compelled him to consider the sufferings of the inhabitants.
In any case, it has been understood that he would only surren
der to Admiral Dewey.
from Washington and conducted in a
European capital, where the atmos
phere might not be conducive to for
warding the desires of this country.
LANDS TO BE TAKEN IN
LIEU OF INDEMNITY
LONDON, July 27.— The London
morning papers agree that it will be
impossible for Spain to pay indemnity,
and that it is impossible that the
United States will demand money com
pensation. They all concede that the
Spanish flag has gone forever from
Cuba and Porto Rico.
The question of the future of the
Philippine Islands is universally admit
ted as presenting grave uifficulties, ow
ing to the impossibility of granting in
dependence, rhe general opinion is
that the Lnited States will retain a
coaling station and have a reversion
in the islands.
The Daily News says: "It would be
an act of extreme generosity to leave
Spain in possession of the Philippines,
but generosity is often the best policy.
If the United States should be content
with such a reward of its labors as
would leave the Philippines to Spain, it
would set the world an example of con
spicuous magnanimity."
The Daily Chronicle thinks that some
kind of International protectorate over
the Philippines should be arranged.
The Dally Mail says: "We hope
President McKinley will be moderate.
Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines
should be ample compensation without
indemnity."
The Times In an editorial this morn
ing applauding Spain for accepting the
SPAIN WOULD NOW
T RY TO SAVE THE
PORTO RICO ISLAND.
MADRID, July 26.— The Ministerial El Correo, in an
important article declaring that the seizure of Porto Rico is
"only an afterthought on the part of the United States,"
says: "The Washington Government cannot ignore the
steps Spain has already taken in favor of peace; and, there
fore, in accordance with the most elementary principles of
international law, acts posterior to these steps cannot be ta
ken account of in treaty negotiations."
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
inevitable, advises her to "face the
facts of the po tical situation with the
same frank courage which secured the
respect of the Americans on the battle
field."
Discussing the probable terms of
peace, the Times says: "The United
States will probably take Porto Rico
in lieu of a money indemnity, and it
would be best for the world at large if
America boldly undertook the burden
of giving Cuba and the Philippines a
strong, honest government through
American officials. If Spain is permit
ted to reassume sovereignty over the
Philippines, she will have to engage in
a war v. conquest, which might be at
tended with serious consequences to
American and other international in
terests in the Pacific."
GERMANY TO RAISE
A CLAIM AT MANILA
LONDON, July 26.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Times says: The Cologne
Q&xette, in an article evidently inspired,
•«ays it would be difficult to claim com
pensation for the loss of German linns
at Manila, because, though Spain is offi
cially mistress of the Philippines, she
has no voice there, but when a settled
Government has been provided for the
islands, then Germany will raise a claim.
The Gazette says, also, that Germany has
a* fleet at Manila for no other purpose
than to protect German interests while
anarchy reigns.
Big Fire at Crawford. Texas.
ST. LOT' IS, July 2fi.— A special to the
Post-Dfspatch from Dallas. Texas, says
that the Allen block, the finest building
In Crawford, Tex., was burned to-day.
The loss, including the stocks of several
mercantile firms and numerous offices,
aggregates $50,000; insurance, $20,000.2
OFFICIAL REPORTS OF
THE GREAT FIGHT
DOCUMENTS
INTERESTING
AS ROMANCE
Thrilling Narrative of trje
Destruction of Cerve
ra's Big Fleet
Sampsor) Ma^es No Mention of
t\)2 Good WorK of Commodore
Sch)ley.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— The Navy
Department to-day made public the re
ports of Admiral Sampson, Commodore
Schley, Captain Clark of the Oregon
and Captain Evans of the lowa on the
battle of July 3, which resulted in the
destruction of Cervera's squadron.
They are as follows:
UNITED STATES FLAGSHIP NKW
YORK, First-rate, off Santiago de Cub;:.
July 15, 1898.— Sir: I l have the honor to
make the following report upon the Wat
tle with and destruction of the Spanish
squadron, commanded by Admiral Cer
vera, off Santiago de Cuba on Sunday,
July 8,
The enemy's vessels came out of the
r between '.<:: ! .u and Id a. m., the
hi ad of the column appearing around
Cayo Smith at 9:"1 and emerging from the
channel live or six minutes later.
The position of the vessels of my com
mand off Suntia£>. at tlii moment were:
Flagship New York was four miles east
of her blockading station and about seven
- fr"in the harbor entrance. She had
started for Slboney, where 1 intended to
accompanied by several of my staff.
and go to the front to consult with Gen
eral Shatter for a discussion of the situ
ation and for a more definite understand-
Ing between us of the operations pro
posed, which had been rendered
sarj by the unexpe< tediy strong
of the Spanish garri
at Santiago. I had sent my
chief of staff on shore the day be
to arrange an interview with Gen-
Shafti i. who bad been suffering from
ration. I made arrangements
to his headquarters, and my ilag-
Bhlp was in the position mentioned above
when the Spanish squadron appeared In
hannel. The remaining vessels were
it their usual blockading posi
distributed in a semicircle about
arbor entrance, counting from the
ard to the westward, in the follow
ing order: The Indiana, about a mile and
a half from shore; the Oregon— the
New York's place between these two—
towa, the Texas and Brooklyn, the
r two mile* from the shore west of
The distance of the vessels
from the harbor entrance was from two
I to four miles, the latter being
the limit of day blockading distance. Tht
length of the arc formed by the ship.s
was about eight miles. The Massachu
left at 4 a. m. for Guantanamo
al. Her station was between the
md Tf-x;:?. The auxiliaries Glouces
nd Vixen lay dose to the land and
r to the harbor entrance than the
: vessels, the Gloucester to the east
" |i: md the Vixen to the westward.
1 he Ericsson was In company with the
flagship and remained with her during the
until ordered to discontinue, when
rendered very efficient service in res
cuing prisoners from the burning Vlz
bc a diagram showing ap-
Imately the' positions of the vessels
as described above:
The Spanish vessels came rapidly out
of the harbor, at a speed estimated at
rrorn eight to ten knots and In the fol
lowing order: Infanta Maria Teresa
(flagship), Vizcaya. Cristobal Colon and
the Almirante Oquendo. The distance
between these ships was about 800 yards
which moans that from the time the first
one became visible in the upper reach of
the channel until the last one was out
of the harbor an interval of only about
twelve minutes elapsed. Following the
Oquendo at a distance of about 1200 yards
came the torpedo boat destroyer Pluton
and after her the Furor.
The armored cruisers, as rapidly as they
could bring their guns to bear, opened a
vigorous fire upon the blockading vessels
and emerged from the channel shrouded
in the smoke from their guns
The men of our ships in front of he
port were at Sunday "quarters" for in-
BPecUon. The signal was made simul
taneously from several vessels. "Enernv
ships escaping" and general quarters
was sounded. Ihe men cheered as they
sprang to their guns and fire was opened
probably within eight minutes by the ves
sels whose guns commanded the entrance
The New turned about and steamed
for the escaping fleet, flylnr the signal
< lose in toward harbor entrace and at
tack vessels," and gradually Increasing
(-peed, until toward the end of the chase
Bhe was making sixteen and a half knots
and was rapidly closing on the Cristobal
Colon. She was not at any time within
the range of the heavy Spanish ships, and
her only part in the firing was to receive
the undivided fire from the forts in pass
ing the harbor entrance, and to fire a few
shots at one of the destroyers, thought at
the moment to be attempting to escape
from the Gloucester.
Tho Spanish vessels, upon clearing the
harbor, turned to the- westward in col
umn, Increasing their speed to the full
power of their e-npines. The heavy block
ading vessels, which had closed in to
ward thf Morro at the Instant of the en
emy p appearance and at their best speed
delivered a rapid fire, well sustained and
destructive, which speedily overwhelmed
and silenced the Spanish fire. The initial
spped of the Spaniards carried them rap
idly put the blockading vessels and the
rattle developed into a chase, in which
the Krooklvn and Texas had at the start
the advantage of position. The Brooklyn
maintained this lead until the Oregon
steaming with amazing speed from the
commencement of the acton, took first
place. The Towa and Tndlana had done
good work, and not having the speed of
the other ships, were directed by me In
succession at about the time the Vizcaya
was beached to drop out of the ehas* and
resume blockading stations. These ves
sels rescued many prisoners. Tho Vixen
finding that the rush of the Spanish ships'
would nut her between two fires, ran out-
Bide of her own column and remained
thfre during the battle.
The skillful handling and gallant fight
ing of the Gloucester won the admiration
of every one who witnessed It and merits
the commendation of the Navy Depart
ment. She is a fast and entirely unpro
tected auxiliary vessel— the yacht Cor
picana—and has a battery of light rapid
fire guns. She was running about two
miles from the entrance to the eastward
and immediately started out, firing upon
the large ships. Anticipating the appear
ance of the Pluton and Furor the Glou
cester was slowed, thereby gaining more
rapidly a high pressure of steam, and
when the destroyers came out she steam
ed for them at full speed and was able
to close at short range, where her fire
was accurate, deadly and of great vol
ume. During this fight the Gloucester
was under thp fire of the Socapa battery.
Within twenty minutes from the time
they emerged from Santiago harbor the
careers of the Furor and Pluton were
ended and two-thirds of their people
killed. The Furor was beached and sunk
in the surf; the Pluton sank in deep wa
ter a few minutes later. The destroyers
probably suffered much Injury from the
tire of the secondary batteries of the In
diana, lowa and the Texas, and yet I
think a very considerable factor In their
speedy destruction was the fire at close
range of the Gloucester's battery. After
rescuing the survivors of the destroyers
the Gloucester did excellent service in
landing and securing the crew of the In
fanta Maria Teresa.
The method of escape attempted by the
Spaniards— all steering in the same direc
tion and in formation— removed all tac
tical doubts or difficulties and made plain
the duty of every United States vessel to
close in and immediately engage in pur
suing these ships which was promptly
and effectually done. As already stated,
the first rush of the Spanish squadron
carried it past a number of blockading
ships, which could not immediately work
up to their best speed, but they suffered
heavily in passing. The Infanta Maria
Teresa and the Oquendo wore probably
set on fire by shells fired during the fif
teen minutes of the engagement. It was
afterward learned that the Infanta Ma
ria's fire main had been cut by one of our
first shots and that she was unable to
extinguish the fire. With large volumes of
smoke rising from their lower decks aft
these vessels gave up both fight and
flight and ran in on the beach— the Infan
ta Maria Teresa about 10 : 1 "■ a. m. at Min
amina, six and a half miles from Santi
ago harbor entrance, and the Almirante
oquendo at about 10:30 a. m. at Juan
tj'.nzales, seven miles from the port.
The Ylzcaya was still under the fire of
the leading vessels; the Cristobal Colon
liad drawn ahead, leading the chase, and
soon passed beyond the range *of the
guns of the leading American ships. The
Vizcaya was soon set on tire and at 11:1:"
she turned in shore and was beached at
Aserradero, fifteen miles from Santiago,
burning fiercely and with her reserve of
ammunition on deck already beginning
to explode. When about ten miles west
of Santiago the Indiana had been sig
naled to go back to the harbor entrance,
and at Aserradero the lowa was sig
naled to "resume blockading station."
The lowa, assisted by the Ericsson and
the Hist, took off the crew of the Viz
caya, while the Harvard and the Glou
cester rescued those of the Infanta Ma
ria Teresa and the Almirante Oquendo.
This rescue of prisoners, including the
wounded, from the burning Spanish ves
sels, was the occasion of some of the
most daring and gallant conduct of the
day. The ships were burning fore and
aft, their guns and reserve ammunition
were exploding and it was not known
at what moment the fire would reach the
main magazines. In addition to this a
heavy surf was running just insid^of the
Spanish ships. But no risk deterred our
officers and men until their work of hu
manity was complete.
There remained now of. the Spanish
ships only the Cristobal Colon, but she
was their best and fastest vessel. Forced
by the situation to hug the Cuban coast,
her only chance of escape was by superior
and sustained speed. When the Vizcaya
went ashore the Colon was about six
miles ahead of the Brooklyn and the Ore
gon, but her spurt was finished and ihe
American ships were now gaining upon
her. Behind the Brooklyn and the Oregon
came the Texas, Vixen and New York.
It was evident from the bridge of the
New York that all the American ships
were gradually overhauling the chase and
that she had no chance of escape. At
12:60 the Brooklyn and the Oregon opened
fire and got their range— the Oregon's
heavy shells striking beyond her— and at
1:10 she gave up without firing another
shot, hauled down her colors and ran
ashore at Rio Toruquino, forty-eight
miles from Santiago. Captain Cook of
the Brooklyn went on board to receive
the surrender. While his boat was along
side I came up in the New York, received
his report and placed the Oregon in
charge of the wreck to save her, if pos
sible, and directed the prisoners to be
transferred to the Resolute, which had
followed the chase. Commodore Schley
whose chief of staff had gone on board
to receive the surrender, had directed
that all their personal effects should be
retained by the officers. This order 1 did
not modify. The Cristobal Colon was not
injured by our firing, and probably is not
much Injured by beaching^ though she
ran ashore at high speed. The beach was
so steep that she came off by the working
of the sea. But her sea valves won,
opened and broken, treacherously, I am
sure, after her surrender, and despite all
efforts she sank. When it became evident
that she could not be kept afloat she was
pushed by the New York bodily upon the
beach, the New York's stem being placed
against her for this purpose— the shin
being handled by Captain Chadwlck with
admirable- judgment— and sank in shoal
water and may be saved. Had this not
been done she would have gone down In
deep water and would have been, to a
certainty, a total lorb.
I regard this complete and Important
victory over the Spanish forces as the
successful finish of several weeks of ar
duous ard close blockade, so stringent
and effective- during the night that the
enemy was deterred from making the at
tempt to escape at night and deliberately
elected to make the attempt In daylight
That such was the case I was informed
by the commanding officer of the Cris
tobal Colon.
It seems proper to briefly describe here
the manner in which this was accom
plished. The harbor of Santiago is nat
urally easy to blockade, there being but
one entrance, and that a narrow one
and the deep water extending close up
to the shore line, presenting no difficul
ties of navigation outside of the en
trance. At the time of my arrival before
the port— July I— the moon was at its
full, and there was sufficient light during
the night to enable any movement out
side of the entrance to be detected. But
with the waning of the moon and the
coming of dark nights there was oppor
tunity for the enemy to escape or for his
torpedo boats to make an attack upon
the blockading- vessels. It was ascer
tained with fair conelusivenesß that the
Merrlmac, so gallantly taken into the
channel on June 3, did not obstruct it I
therefore maintained the blockade as fol
lows:
To the little ships was assigned the
duty In turn of lighting the channel
Moving up to the port, at a distance of
from one to two miles from the Morro—
dependent upon the condition of the at
mosphere—they threw a searchlight beam
directly up the channel and held it
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
REAR ADMIRAL W. T. SAMPSON, U. S. N.
steadily there. This lighted up the entire !
I readth of the channel for half a mile
inside of the entrance bo brilliantly that
the movements of small boats could be ■■
detected. Why the batteries sever open- !
ed fire upon the searchlight ship was al
ways it matter of surprise to me, but i
they never did. Stationed close to the
entrance, of the port were three picket
launches and at a little distance farther j
out three small picket vessels— usually '
converted yachts— and when they were
available one or two of our torpedo boats. :
With this arrangement there was at least I
a certainty that nothing could get out j
of the harbor undetected. After the ar- I
rival of the army, when the situation !
forced upon the Spanish admiral a de
clslon, our vigilance Increased. The night
blockading distance was reduced to two j
miles for all vessels and a battle-ship was !
placed alongside the searchlight ship
with her broadside trained upon the
channel In readiness to /ire the instant
a Spanish ship should appear. The com
manding officers merit the greatest praise
for the perfect manner In which they en
tered Into this plan and put it into exe
cution. The Massachusettts. when, ac
cording to routine, was sent that morning
to coal at Guantanamo, like the others,
had spent weary nights upon this work,
and deserved a better fate than to be ab
sent that morning.
I Inclose for the information of the de
partment copies of orders and memor
anda Issued from time to time relat
ing to the manner of maintaining the
blockade.
When all the work was done so well
it is difficult to discriminate in
praise. The object of the blockade of
Cervera's squadron was fully accom
plished and each individual bore well his
part in it— the commodore In command of
the second division; the captains of ships,
their officers and men. The fire of the
battleships was powerful and destructive,
and the resistance of the Spanish squad
ron was, in great part, broken almost
before they had got beyond the range of
their own forts. The fine speed of the
Oregon enabled her to take a front posi
tion In the chase and the Cristobal Colon
did not give up until the Oregon had
thrown a thirteen-inch shell beyond her.
This performance adds to the already
brilllant record of this fine- battleship and I
speaks highly of the skill and care with
which her admirable efficiency has been
maintained during a service unprece
dented In the history of vessels of her
class. The Brooklyn's westerly blockad- |
ing position gave her an advantage in |
the chase which she maintained to the i
end, and she employed her fine battery
with telling effect. The T*xas and the
New York were gaining on the chase
during the last hour, and had any acci- !
dent befallen the Brooklyn or the Oregon, !
would have speedily overhauled the Cris
tolbal Colon. From the moment the Span
ish vessel exhausted her first burst of ;
speed, the result was never in doubt. She i
fell, in fact, far below what might rea- j
sonably have been expected of her. Care- '
ful measurements of time and distance
give her an average speed, from the time
she cleared the harbor mouth until the
time she was run on shore at Itlo Tar
quino, of 13.7 knots. Neither the New !
York nor the Brooklyn stopped to cou- I
pie up their forward engines, but ran
OUt the chase with one pair, getting
steam, of course, as rapidly as possible j
on all boilers. To stop to couple up the
forward engines would have meant a de- !
lay of fifteen minutes, or four miles In !
the chase.
Several of the ships were struck, the I
Brooklyn more often than the others, but
very slight material Injury was done the
greatest being aboard the lowa. Our
loss was one man killed and one wounded
both on the Brooklyn. It is ditncult to'
explain this immunity from loss of life
or injury to ships in a combat with mod
em vessels of the best type, but Spanish
gunnery is poor at the best, and the su- :
pertor weiafht and accuracy of our fire j
speedily drove the men from their guns
and silenced their fire. This is borne out i
by the statements of prisoners and by i
observation. The Spanish vessels as I
they dashed out of the harbor, were fa- i
vored with the smoke from their own
guns, but this speedily diminished in vol
ume and soon almost disappeared. The
fire from the rapid-fire batteries of the I
battle-ships appears to have been remark- |
ably destructive. An examination of the
stranded vessels shows that the Akni
rante Oquendo especially suffered terribly
from this tire. Hgr sides are everywhere
pieroed and her decks were strewn with
the charred remainß of those who had
fallen.
The reports of Commodore W. S.
Bchley and of the commanding officers
are inclosed.
A board appointed by me several
days ago has made a critical examina
tion of the vessels, both with a view of
reporting upon the result of our lire and
the necessary feature involved, and of re
porting upon the chance of saving any of
them and of wrecking the remainder.
The report of the board will be speedily
forwarded. Very respectfully,
W. T. SAMPSON,
Rear Admiral. T. S. NT.. Commander-ln-
Chief United States Naval Forces,
North Atlantic Station.
The Bei retarj of the Navy department,
Washington, D.C.
rMODORE SCHLFY'S
THRILLING RFPORT
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The fol
lowing is Commodore Schley'L report:
North Atlantic Fleet, Second Squadron,
United States Flagship Brooklyn.
GUANTANAMO BAY, July 8, 1898.
Sir: I have the honor 10 make the fol
lowing report of that part of the squadron
under your command which came under
Imy observation during the engagement
with the Spanish fleet on July 3, 1898.
At 9:35 a. m. Admiral Cervera, with the
Infanta Maria Teresa, Vizcaya:, Oquendo,
Cristobal Colon and two torpedo boat de
stroyers, came out of the harbor of San
tiago de Cuba, in column at a distance,
and attempted to escape to the westward.
Signal was made from the lowa that the
enemy was coming out, but his move
ments had been discovered from this ship
at the same moment. This vessel was
the farthest west, except the Vixen, in
the blockading line. Signal was made to
the western division as prescribed in your
general orders, and there was immediate
and rapid movement inward by your
squadron and a general engagement at
ranges beginning at 1100 yards and vary
ing to 3000, until the Vizcaya was de
stroyed about 10:50 a. m. The concentra
tion of the fire of the squadron upon the
ships coming out was most furious and
terrific and great damage was done
them.
About twenty or twenty-five minutes
after the engagement began two vessels,
thought to be the Terror and Oquendo
and since verified as such, took fire from
the effective shell fire of the squadron
and were forced to run on the beach
some six or seven miles west of the ..ar
bor entrance, where they burned and
blew up later. The torpedo boat destroy
ers were destroyed early in the action,
but the smoke wan so dense in their
direction that I cannot say to what ves
sel or vessels the credit belongs. This
doubtless was seen better from your flae
ship.
The Vizcaya and Colon, perceiving the
disaster to their consorts, continued at
full speed to the westward to escape
and were followed and engaged in a run
ning fight by the Brooklyn, Texas, lowa
and Oregon until 10:30, wnen the Vizcaya
took fire from our shells. She put her
helm to port, and with a heavy list to
port stood inshore and ran aground at
Aserradero, about twenty-one miles
west of Santiago, on fire fore and aft
and where she blew up durin"- the night'
Observing that she had struck her col
ors, and that several vessels were near
ing her to capture and save her crew
signal was made to cease firing. The Ore
gon having proved vastly faster than tne
other battleships, she and the Brooklyn
together with the Texas and another ves
sel, which proved to be your flagship,
continued westward in pursuit of the Co
lon, which had run close inshore, evi
dently seeking some good spot to beach
If she should fail to elude her pursuers.
This pursuit continued with increasing
speed in the Brooklyn, Oregon and other
ships, and soon the Brooklyn and the
Oregon were within long range of the Co
lon, and the Oregon opened fire with her
13-lnch guns, landing a shell close to the
Colon. A moment auerward the Brook
lyn opened fire with her S-inch guns,
landing a shell just ahead of her. Sev
eral other Bhella were fired at the Colon,
now in range of the Brooklyn's and Ore
gon's guns. Her commander, seeing all
chances of escape cut off. and the de
struction awaiting his ship, tired a lee
gun and struck her flag at 1:15 p. m., and
ran ashore at a point some fifty miles
west of Santiago haroor. Your "flagship
was coming up rapidly at the tin;
was also the Texas and Vixen. A little
later, after your arrival, the Cristobal
Colon, which had struck to the Brooklyn
and the Oregon, was turned over to you
as one of the trophies of ihis great vic
tory of the squadron under your com
mand.
During my official visit a little later
Ccmmantjer Eaton of the Resolute ap
peared and reported to you the presence
of a Spanish battle-snip near Altares.
Your orders to me were to take the Ore
gon and go eastward to meet her, and
this was done by the Brooklyn, wl;n the
res,ult that the vessel reported is an
enemy was discovered to be the Aus
trian cruiser Infanta Maria Teresa, seek
ing the commander in chief.
I would mention for your consideration
that the Brooklyn occupied the most
westward blockading position with the
Vixen and. being more directly in the
route taken by the Spanish squadron, was
exposed for some minutes, possibly ten,
to the gun fire of three of the Spanish
ships and the west battery at a range of
1500 yards from the ships and about 3000
; yards from the batteries; but the vessels
j of the entire squadron, closing in rapidly,
I soon diverted this Tire and did magnificent
! work at close range.
I I have never before witnessed such
| deadly and fatally accurate shooting as
! was done by the ships of your command
! as they closed in on the Spanish squad
j ron and I deem it a high privilege to
commend to you for such action as you
! may dpem proper the gallantry and dash
; ing courage, the prompt decision and
skillful handling of their respective ves
i sels. of Captain Thilip, Captain Evans,
I Captain Clark and especially of my chief
I of staff, Captain Cook, who was directly
: under my personal observation, and
whose coolness, promptness and courage
were of the highest order. The dense
i smoke of the combat shut out from view
I the Indiana and Gloucester, but as these
vessels were closer to your flagship no
doubt thrir part In the conflict was under
your immediate observation.
Lieutenant Sharp. commanding the
Vixen, acted with conspicuous courage.
Although unable to engage the heavier
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Tired
When you rise in the morning, and do
you feel that you can hardly drag your-
self through the day? This is bad, but
there is a cure for it. Hood's Sarsa-
parilla will help you. By making your
blood rich, pure and nourishing it will
impart life, strength and elasticity to
your whole physical system. Sleep
will become sound and refreshing, ap-
petite will improve, and warm, healthy
blood will make your cheeks rosy and
J your skin clear and fair.
Hood's Sarsapapilla
Sold by druggists, ji; six for $5. Get Hood's.
Hood's Pills cure indigestion. 25 cents.
Acne, Pimples, Comedones or Flesh Worms
permanently cured by Dermatologist JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 127 West Forty-second St., New
York. Inventor of Wood-bury' s Facial Soap and
Facial Cream. Consultation free. Charges
moderate.
ships of the enemy with his light guns,
he, nevertheless, was close in to the bat
tle line under heavy fire, and many or
the enemy's shot passed beyond his ves
sel.
I beg to Invite special attention to tn?
conduct of my flag lieutenant, James H.
Sears, and Ensign Edward McCauley Jr.,
aid, who were constantly at my side dur
ing the engagement and who exposed
themselves fearlessly in discharging their
duties; also to the splendid behavior of
my secretary. Lieutenant B. Wells Jr.,
Wiio commanded and directed the lighting
of the fourth division with splendid ef
fect.
I would commend the highly meritori
ous conduct and courage in the engage
ment of Lieutenant Commander N. K.
Mason, the executive officer, whose pres- I
ence everywhere over the ship during its :
continuance did much to secure the good
results of this ship's part in the vic
tory.
The navigator, Lieutenant A. C. Hodg- i
son, and the division officers. Lieutenant i
T. D. Griffin, Lieutenant W. K. Rush, '
Lieutenant Edward Simpson, Lieutenant
J. G. Doyle, Ensign Charles Webster and
the junior divisional officers were most
steady and conspicuous in every detail of
duty contributing to the accurate firing
of this ship in her part in the great vic
tory of your forces.
The officers of the medical, pay and en
gineer and marine corps responded to
every demand of the occasion and were
fearless in exposing themselves. The war
rant officers, Boatswain William L. Hill,
Carpenter G. H., Warford and Gunner F.
T. Applegate were everywhere exposed in
watching for damage, reports of which
were promptly conveyed to me.
I have never in my life served with a
braver, better or worthier grew than that
of the Brooklyn. During the combat,
lasting from 9:35 until 1:15 p. m., much of
the time under fire, they never flagged for
a moment and were apparently undis
turbed by the storm of projectiles pass
ing ahead, astern and over the ship.
The result of the engagement was the
destruction of the Spanish squadron and
the capture of the admiral and some 13UQ
to 1500 prisoners, with the loss of several
hundred killed — estimated by Admiral
Cervera at 600 men.
The casualties on board this ship were:
G. H. Ellis, chief yeoman, killed; J.
Burns, fireman, first class, severely
wounded. The marks and scars show that I
the ship was struck about twenty-five I
times, and she bears in all forty-one 'scars I
as the result of her participation in the
great victory of your force on July 3,
1898. The speerl-cone halyards were shot
away and nearly all the signal halyards
The ensign at the main was so shattered !
that in hauling it down at the close of the
action it fell in pieces.
I congratulate you most sincerely unon
this great victory to the squadron under
your command, and I am glad that I had
an opportunity to contribute in the least
to a victory that seems enough for all of
us.
I have the honor to transmit herewith
the report of the commanding officer and
a drawing in profile of the ship, showing
the location of hits and scars; also a
memorandum of ammunition expended
and the amount to fill her allowance
Since reaching this place and holding
conversation with several of the cap
tains—Captain Eulate of the Vizcaya and
the second in command of the "Colon
Commander Contreras— l have learned
that the Spanish Admiral's scheme was
to concentrate all fire for a while on the
Brooklyn and for the Vizcaya to ram
her, in hopes that if they could destroy
her their chance of escaping would be
increased, as it was supposed she was
the swiftest ship of your squadron. 1..,.s
explains the heavy 'fire mentioned and
the Vlzcaya's action in the earlier mo
ments of the engagement The execution
of this purpose was promptly defeated
by the fact that all the ships of the
squadron advanced into close" range and
opened an irresistibly furious and terri
fic fire on the enemy's souadron as it
was coming out of the harbor.
j. am glad to say that the injury sup
posed to be below the Brooklyn's" water
line was due to a water valve being
opened from some unknown cause and
flooding the compartment. The injury to
th»: belt is found to be only slight and
tne leak small.
I beg to inclose a list of the officers
and crew who participated in the com
bat of July 3. 1898.
T cannot close this report without men
tioning In high terms or praise the splen
did conduct and support of Captain C.
E. Clark of the Oergon. His vessel's
speed was wonderful and her accurate flre
splendidly destructive. Very respectfully
W. S." SCHLEY/,
Commodore U. S. Navy.
Commanding Second Squadron, North At
lantic Flett.
To the Honorable Commander-in-Chief
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
_____
• :We do not offer gewgaws with everything we sell.
Or worthless little nothings, you can do without so well.
We sell at half the others ask, we cut the price in two.
You take the money for t'other half and buy what pleases you.
ONE-CENT BARGAINS. 25=CENT BARGAINS.
i£'Sssi=EE! 2= SS'S£,-*, a a i is-::::::::2
1 spool machine cotton, 60 to 100 ; ....lc 2 glasses fine homemade jelly 25e
1 ball red marking cotton lc 1 man's heavy gray shirt, large 250
1 ball ecru crochet cotton lc l man's heavy gray drawers, large 250
a^! fl o re klndi?r s i6--cenV kin«i::::::::::::^ ; *™ **"*•* £*+ i *« * ■-
1 flower pot stand or fiatiron lc i 1 fancy embroidered stand cover »- 25c
1 handle basket, 5-cent size lc j 1 ladles' undervest, gray or ecru 25c
I 1 child's sun-bonnet, in colors 250
TENT RASfiATAIC xpalrx paIr "* ht buck yes ' 71i - 8 - Sl * Isc
d'WLll 1 DAuUAIi W. 60-cent atomizer, a good one ..25c i
6 common tin teaspoons it™ 1 china candlestick, little beauty Ho
1 15-cent wire ■.tSSt?r.™:::::::::::::::::::::::::g ' Glrls pants. 50-cent grade. Bto 14 years 250
1 sample bottle finest perfumery '.'.'.'.. 5c j 2 pounds hotel mixed coffee, ground 250
1 pound old homestead mince meat.. ........ sc! 8 yards red, white and blue bunting 25c
1 pound pfpumpernlckle will keep cj i pa i r ladies' 50-cent underpants, small size. .25c
iHairirayTtUn^. r8 7.:::::::::::::::::-- ° > want's ho ™* knlt woo. rr *,
1 dozen large coat buttons 's c : 1 little boy's soldier overalls, to 7 years 250
1 dozen shoestrings, girls .'..'.'...'...5 c i 1 neat cap for boys, girls or men.... 25c
6 button hooks, assorted.. .5c I 1 little girls' carpet sweeper....... 250
1 harmonica: a good one &c I '
1 dozen. lead pencils, good '.'.'..5 c i &■* AA I) L TIP k IMC
1 autograph album ..5c \] fill nAKIiiINS
1 handsome picture b00k... V !!.5c I «pI»VV 11/HlUrtlll«J,
Brass trays. 10 Inches square !..!!!".'.6c i ladles' combination suit, good quality.... sl no
FF K hand la pp n a» b n?es nre^r/mli^!?!?:::::::^ \ £?^Z^A I
ifl-fFNT R APf. AIWC ' ' ar&ffSKg \ %
Wim 1 MKUAINb. ; y%,ffZ£tf^^.*::Sz \ S
3 nail or tooth brushes 10c 1 25 yards calico, dress styles..... 100
100 of the good slate pencils, plain '.. ..10c 25 harmonicas to sell at 15 cents 1 00
8 cans of good standard lye.. 10c 1 ladles' or misses' trimmed hat joo
1 big boys' summer coat and vest 10c 1 pair big boys' Sunday shoes. 1 button 100
1 pair sewing scissors, good ; -.. 10c 1 clock. 80 hours, good time-keeper 100
1 ladies' untrimmed hat 10c 4 pair ladles' $1 buck gloves, garden 1 no
1 set child's dishes, tin 10c -I 4 pair gents leather working g10ve5........ 100
1 35-cent clothes brush !..!.Wc 1 pair gents' button shoes. 5 to 7U,.. 1 m
1 25-cent mantel 0rnament..'..:.;..:,...; 10c 25 ' handkerchiefs,' assorted kinds." 100
1 two-bit hair brush... : 10c ; 17 pounds of the best white sugar 1 00
1 fancy . cup and 5aucer......... 10c i 1 common kitchen table, 5amp1e5.........; 1 00
Two-bit bottle finest perfumery 10c 1 croquet set, S balls, middling g00d....;... 1 oo
Two-bit bottle Colgate's sachet powder .....10c 1 pair boys' red top boots. 7 to 10 100
Screw drivers for general' use... .....:. . .10c t 25 yards good style quilting calico 1 00
1 bottle pickled onions, best imported grade.. loc jlO pounds special value cotton bats Ino
5 dozen wood clothes pins 10c I 80 single 15 double rolls wall paper l 00
1 hand-painted flower pot, good size 10c I 1 ladles' home made wrapper 1 00
KLONDIKE OUTFITTING HAS COMMENCED AGAIN
This week we sell soot " cash Sewing Machines for $20
White. Swan Flour, fully, warranted, in any quantity. this week 950.
Coffee reductions continue all this week. Save while you can.
Our one-cent articles surprise everybody who looks at them.
Wire screening, green, this week at half price— l cent square foot.
Jelly glasses with tin cover, less than barrel lots, 2 cents each. <
New- Shoes. •
Newest style $3 50 vesting top, ladles' shoess2 50 BIJVH $' [1 Rj'M tWBL
Newest style ladles' kid shoes, Just arrived. sl 50 .^ >ffia ■W■' S '! Q. ; [a jS —
Newest style ladlefi' kangaroo shoes Jl oO 1. H « B it A %. *W
Newest syle ladles' $8 50 green •hoes, now. 50 • ■■..?.» QHi Q USA HI -^^^
Boys' heavy shces, 2to 4 • JH? C rm a m jfl- ■«_■ ,
Boys' heavy $1 25 shoe, 11 to 13 '5c A, A« U IR ■■ O T
Girls' $1 50 school button. 13, 13%..... 760 - -^r.f «VJ MM ■'. C 9 I Ulf 1]
Girls' or ladies cloth and kid, 2V4. 8 at....350 ; ■:',-., ' .T " > •** ,
Men's. heavy tan leggings, buckles .....76c/ 25-27 Market St.. S. F.
Men'Bs2.6o button shoee. 5 f 10........,...5 l 25 . A%*r£i iYlaPKet Ott, O. F.
United States Naval Force, North At
lantic Station.
CAPTAIN CLARK TELLS
OF THE OREGON'S PART
WASHINGTON. July 26.— Following
is the report of Captain C. E. Clark
of the Oregon:
U.S. S. OREGON, First-rate. Off Santi
ago de Cuba. July 4, 1898.— Sir; I have
the honor to report that at 9:30 a. m.
yesterday the Spanish fleet was discov
ered standing out of the harbor at San
tiago de Cuba. They turned to the west
ward and opened flre, to which our ships
replied vigorously. For a short time
there was an almost continuous flight of
projectiles over this ship, but when our
line was fairly engaged and the lowa had
made a swift advance, as if to ram or
close, the enemy's flre became defective
in train as well as range. The ship wa3
only struck three times, and at least two
of them were by fragments of shells.
We had no casualties.
As soon as it was evident that the ene
my's ships were trying to break through
and escape to the westward we went
ahead at full speed with the determina
tion of carrying out to the utmost your
order: "If the enemy tries to escape
the ships must close and engage as soon
as possible and endeavor to sink his ves
sels or force them to run ashore." We
soon passed all of our ships except the
Brooklyn, bearing the broad pennant of
Commodore Schley. At first we only
used our main battery, but when it was
discovered that the enemy's torpedo boats
were following their ships, we used our
rapid-fire guns as well as the six-pound
ers upon them with telling effect. As
we ranged up near the sternmost of their
ships, she headed for the beach, evi
dently on fire. We raked her as we
passed, pushing on for the next ahead,
using her starboard guns as they were
brought to bear, and before we had her
fairly abeam, she, too. was making for
the beach.
The two remaining vessels were now
some distance ahead, but our speed had
increased to sixteen knots, and our flre,
added to that of the Brooklyn, soon sent
another, the Vizcaya, to the shore in
flames. Only the Cristobal Colon was left
and for a time it seemed as if she might
escape, but when we opened flre with our
forward turret guns and the Brooklyn
followed, she began to edge in toward
the coast, and her capture or destruction
was assured. As she struck the beach
her flag came down, and the Brooklyn
signaled "Cease firing," following with,
"Congratulations for the grand victory;
thanks for your splendid assistance."
The Brooklyn sent a boat to her and
when the admiral came up with the New
York and Texas and Vixen she was taken
possession of. A prize crew was put on
board from this ship under Lieutenant
Commander Coggswell, the executive of
ficer, but before 11 p. m. the ship, which
had been filling, in spite of all efforts to
stop leaks, was abandoned, and just as
the crew left she went over on her side.
I cannot speak in too high terms of the
bearing and conduct of all on board this
ship. When they found the Oregon had
pushed to the front and was hurrying to
a succession of conflicts with ftie enemy's
vessels if they could be overtaken and
would engage, their enthusiasm was in
tense.
As these vesßels were bo much more
heavily armored than the Brooklyn,
they might have concentrated upon and
overpowered her. and consequently I am
persuaded but for the way the officers
and men of the Oregon steamed and
steered the ship and fought and supplied
her batteries, the Colon and perhaps the
Vizcaya would have escaped. Therefore
I feel that they rendered meritorious
Rervice to the country, and while I can
not mention the name of each officer and
man individually. I am going to append a
list of the officers with the stations that
they occupied, hoping that they may be
:>f service to them should claims of others
mr advancement above them ever be con
sidered.
THere Captain Clark gives a list of th«
officers and their positions in the fight.]
FIGHTING 808 EVANS'
INTERESTING STORY
WASHINGTON, July 26.— Captain
Robley D. Evans, commanding the
lowa, gives the following account of
his ship's action during the engage
ment:
U. S. S. lOWA. First-rate, Off Santiagode Cuba, July 4, IS9S.— Sir: I have the
honor to make the following report of
the engagement with the Spanish squad
ron .oli Santiago de Cuba on the 3d of
July:
On the morning of the 3d. while the
crew was at quarters for Sunday inspec
tion the leading vessel of the Spanish
squadron was sighted at 9:31, coming out
or the harbor of Santiago de Cuba. The
signal -Enemy's ships coming out" was
immediately hoisted and a gun fired to
attract attention. The call to general
quarters was sounded immediately, the
batury made ready for firing and the en-
Birtes run full speed ahead.
The Position of this vessel at the time
or sighting the squadron was the usual
blockading station off the entrance of the
Harbor. Morro Castle bearing about north
nd distant about three to four miles,
bteam at this time in the boilers was suf
licient for a speed of five knots.
-iuer sighting the leading vessel, the In
fanta Maria Teresa (Admiral Cerveras
flaeship). it was observed that she was
followed in cession by the remaining
tnrte vessels of the Spanish squadron— the
\izcaya. Cristobal Colon and Almirante
Oquendo. The Spanish ships moved at
a speed of about eight to ten knots,
which was steadily increased as they
cleared the harbor entrance and stood to
the westward. They maintained a dis
tance of about R».i yards between vessels.
The squadron moved with precision and
Its stations were well kept.
Immediately upon sighting the squad
ron the lowa headed toward the leading
Spanish ship. About 9:40 the first shot
was fired from this ship at a distance of
about 6000 yards. The course of this ves
sel was so laid that the range speedily
diminished. A number of shots were
fired at ranges varying between 6000 and
4000 yards. The range was rapidly re
duced to 2500 yards and subsequently to
2000 and to 1200 yards.
"When it was" tain that the Maria
Teresa would pass ahead of us the helm
was put to the starboard and the star
board broadside delivered at a range of
2T.00 -yards. The helm was then put to
port and the ship headed across the bow
of the second ship and as she drew ahead
the helm was again put to starboard, and
she received in turn th* full weight of our
starboard broadside at a range of about
ISOO yards.
The lowa was again headed off with
port helm for the third ship, and as she
approached, the helm was put to the
starboard until our course was approxi
mately that of the Spanish ship. In this
position, with a range of 1400 yards, the
lire of the entire battery, including the
rapid-fire guns, was poured into the ene
my's ship.
About 10 o'clock the enemy's torpedo
boat destroyers. Furor and Pluton, were
observed to have left the harbor and to
be following the Spanish squadron. At
the time that they were observed,
and in fact most of the time
that they were under fire, they
were at a distance varying from 4500 to
4000 yards. As soon as they were dis
covered the secondary battery of this
ship was turned or. them, while the main
battery continued to engage the Vlzcaya,
Oquendo and Maria Teresa.
The fire from the main battery of this
Fhip. when the range was below 2500
yards, was most effective and destruc
tive, and after a continuance of this tire
for perhaps twenty minutes, it was no
ticed that the Maria Teresa and Oquendo
were in flames and were being headed for
the beach. Their colors were struck about
10:20. and they were beached about eight
miles west of Santiago.
About the same time (about 10:25) the
fire of this vessel, together with that of
the Gloucester and that of another small
vessel, became so destructive that one
of the torpedo destroyers (the Pluton)
was sunk, and the Furor was so much
damaged that she was run on the rocks.
After having passed, at 10:35, the
Oauendo and Maria Teresa on fire and
ashore, this vessel continued to chase and
lire upon the Vizcaya until 10:36, when a
signal to cease firing was sounded on
board, it having been discovered that the
Vizcaya had struck her colors.
At 11 o'clock the lowa arrived in the
Vicinity of the Vizcaya, which had been
run ashore, and as it was evident that she
could not catch the Cristobal Colon and
that the Oregon, Brooklyn and New York
would, two steam cutters and three cut
ters were immediately Bent to the Viz
caya to rescue her crew. Our boats suc
ceeded in bringing of a large number of
officers and men cf that ship's company,
and in placing many of them on board the
torpedo boat Ericsson and the auxiliary
dispatch vessel Hist.
"oout 11:30 the >ew York nassed In
chase I I il Colon, which was
fnd»avori!'g to escape from the Oregon. I
■ Kas.
We received on board this vessel from
the yizcay;.. Captain Eulate. the corn
man'.. a.nd twenty-three officers.
-■ petty officers and
thirty-two wore wounded.
Ther- elved on board five
bodies, which were Immediately
i with the honors due to their
.
The battery behaved wen in all re
- This ship was struck in the hull,
on tl ;ring the early
part of the engagement, by two large
projectiles r>f about six-inch caliber, one
striking the hull two or three feet above
the water line and almost directly on the
line of the berth deck, pir-rotng the ship's
■ rames 3 and 10, and the
other piercing the side and the cofferdam
The first projectile did not pass beyond
th«» Inner bulkhead of th« cofferdam
A4l-43. The hole made by it was large
and ragged, being about sixteen inches
in a longitudinal direction and about sev
en inches in a vertical direction. It
k with a slight inclination aft and
the cofferdam partition bulk-
A4l-43-45-47. It did not explode and
remained in the cofferdam.
The second projecTile pierced the side
of the ship and the cofferdam AlO6. the
of the hole being lmmediate
the top of the cofferdam on the
1 -• k in compartment AlO4. The prb
and comb
t the water-tank compartment, px
■ perl ■ ted Ihe walls of the
. locker. Th« explosion creat
Final] fire, which was promptly ex'in
ed.
In the side marie by this pro
<s about five feet above the
r line and about two or three feet
above the berth deck. One fragment of
this shell struck a link of the shot chain.
the six-pounder ammunl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When a young couple runs away to get
married half the world says: "How
Romantic!" the other half says: "How
silly ! " But you can't tell either way
until the " honey-moon "is over. When
this young couple get settled down to the
regular hum-drum of life, they'll manage
all right and find solid happiness in any
case, if they have good hearts and sound
health. All depends on that.
It's wonderful how much health has to
do with married happiness. Sickness af-
ects the temper. You can't be happy
fcor make others happy if you're ailing.
When you find yourself irritable, easily
worried, beginning to "run-down" it's
because your binod is getting poor. You
need richer blood and more of it. Your
blood-making organs need to be vitalized
by Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discov-
ery It imparts new power to produce
an abundance of the healthy, red corpus-
cles, and gives you a fresh supply of
pure nch blood. It's a blood-creator ;
it is for everyone whose blood is impure
or in a poor, "run-down " condition. It
prevents the germs of disease from get-
ting a hoid on your system. Even after
disease is settled on you, it is driven out
by the blood -creating properties of the
"Discovery " It is a perfect cure for
general and nervous debility, catarrh
malana, eczema, erysipelas, scrofula and
every form of blood - disease It is'nt
called a consumption-cure but even con-
sumption, — which has its roots in the
blood— is driven out by the "Oolden
Medical. Discovery" if taken in time
The "Discovery" is the prescription
of one of the most eminent physicians
and medical writers in this country.
tion hoist, cutting: the link in two. An
other perforated the cofferdam on the
port side and slightly dished the outside
plating.
These two ■wounds fortunately were not
of serious importance. Two or three other
projectiles of small caliber struck about
the upper bridge and smokestacks, in
flicting trifling damage, and four other
smail projectiles struck the hammock
nettings and the shade aft.
There are no casualties among the
ship's company to report. No officer or
man was iniured during the engagement.
Nav.-il Cadets Trank. Taylor. Evans and
John K. Lewis and five men belonging to
the Massachusetts were on board the
lowa when the enemy's ships came out.
They wero stationed at different points
and rendered efficient service.
The officers and men of this ship be
haved admirably. No set of men could
have done more' gallant service.
I take pleasure in stating to you, sir.
that the coolness and judgment of the ex
erutive officer. Lieutenant Commander
Raymond P. Rodgers. deserves, and will,
I hope, receive a proper reward at the
hands of the Government. The test of
the executive officer's work is the con
duct of the ship and crew in battle— in
this case it was simply superb.
The coolness of the "navigator. Lieuten
ant W. H. Schuetze, and of Liputenant F.
K. Hill, in charge of the rapid-fire guns
on th<^ upper deck, are worthy of the
greatest commendation. Other officers of
the ship did not come under my personal
observation, but the. result of the action
shows how well they did their duty.
I cannot express my admiratifin for my
magnificent crew. So long as the enemy
showed his flag they fought like Ameri
can seamen, but when the flag came down
they were as gentle and tender as Ameri
can women.
In conclusion, sir. allow me to congratu
late you on the complete victory achieved
by your fleet. Very respectfully,
R. D. EVANS,
Captain U. R. Navy. Commanding 1 .
To the Commander-in-Chief U. S. Naval
Force, North Atlantic Station.
SAMPSON WANTED TO
AFFIX HIS SIGNATURE
Claimed the Right to Sign the Arti
ticles of the Capitulation of
Santiago.
NEW YORK. July 2*s.— A Washington j
special to the Herald says: Concern- j
ing the report that General Shafter re- I
fused to permit Admiral Sampson to |
sign articles of capitulation at Santiago j
until ordered to do so by the President, j
I am informed that neither General i
Shafter nor Admiral Sampson signed j
the document. There was, however, ;
some question raised about the pro- I
priety of Admiral Sampson partlcipat- j
ing in the negotiations for the surren
der of General Toral's forces. Indeed.
I am told that Admiral Sampson rep- >
r<=-s~r:ted to General Shafter* that as a
matter of right he should be allowed to i
sign the articles of capitulation.
At the time he made this request the j
papers had already been placed In the
hands of Colonel John Jacob Astor to |
bring to the United States and General
Shafter found it Impossible to comply
with Admiral Sampson's request even
If he had desired to do so. He so in- ;
formed Admiral Sampson, conveying
the additional information that m* had j
not signed the articles himself and that j
they were signed only by the commls- '
sloners appointed to agree upon the
terms of surrender.
STATE CONVENTION OF
CHRISTIAN CHURCHES.
Spiritual Topics Discvssed by the
Delegates Assembled at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. July 26.— The State con-
I vention of Christian Churches opened this
; morning: at the tabernacle at Garfleld
Park. The attendance was gratifying.
The morning session opened with an in
spiring praise service led by Rev. H. C.
Shrapshlre of Fowler. Fresno County.
The Ministerial Association convened
1 at 9 o'clock and wa« tttffed to order by
; Rev. L. N. I'-avis of Gilroy. Rev. T. B.
Barter r >f Oakland was elected temporary
! chairman and Rev. T. W. Smith of Wood
land, secretary. In the absence of Rev.
W. A. Gardner of San Francisco, Rev.
1.. X. Davis of Gilroy opened the dis
cussion on "The. Needs of a Closer Fel
lowship Between Our Churches." A paper
|on "Spiritual Culture," by Rev. 1,. A.
Pier of Santa Barbara was rpa.il by Rev.
R. H. Sawyer '.'f WatsonviHe. Professor
t Jefferson of the Bible seminary of Berke-
I ley gave a talk on "Hermeneutics,"
which was very instructive and gave new
light in regard to Bible study.
This evening a rousing praise sen-Ice
preceded the address on "Alexander
Campbell," by Rpv. Benjamin L. Smith
i of Cincinnati, national secretary of the
Christian Churches of America.
EVERY STATE RESPONDS
TO THE SECOND CALL
Massachusetts, North Carolina and
Nebraska Were Placed in a
False Position.
WASHINGTON. July 26.— The War
Department feels that It has reason to
be gratified with the results established
1 under the first and second calls for
troops by the President. The statement
Issued last night shows that practically
al! the States have supplied the quotas
called for in these two calls.
It is explained that th^ dlscr<=-pancy
in this statement and the one published
a week ago, which paused sn much
criticism and put several States, in
cluding Massachusetts, Nebraska and
North Carolina In the unenviable posi
tion of having contributed only a por
tion of the troops called for, was ac
counted for by thf fact that, owing- to
the failure to make prompt reports,
these States appeared to be deficient.
BRANT WAS A CLERK
AT REDONDO HOTEL
Young Man Murdered at St. Louis
Once Figured in a Sensational
Elopement.
LOS ANGELES. July 2-5.— Charles O. !
Brant, who was murdered in St. Louis '
last night, was a brother-in-law of J. M.
Suttnn. whose .slstf-r married the late |
George Alnsworth of Oakland. Brant,
while clerek at the Redondo Hotel, met ;
ami courted Miss Harding, but her father j
strongly opposed the match. The elope
ment followed ami the couple were mar
ried in N'pff York.
Mr. and Mrs. Erant returned to Los
AngeUs. Divorce ;>rocrvfdlnps wore in-:
stituted at the beginning of the year, and
on April 13 Judge Smith of the' Superior
( nurt here granted a decree to Mr*
Brant, mainly because of the claim of in- ''
ability to support. The father was active
In the proceedings. Young Brant was
extremely popular in social circles.
Bobbers Attack an Aged Couple.
SACRAMKNTO. July 2C. -Three masked
men early this morning attempted to rob
Thomas Bannister and hi? .sister, aged
people, who live on a farm a short dis
tance east of this city. Bannister was
thrown down and beat on. His sistT es
caped and ran to a neighboring house to
give an alarm. When she returned with
help the robbers had fled.
Body of a Murdered Child.
CARSON CITY. July 2<5.— While taking
up a portion of the floor of a warehouse
in Gardnervllle workmen found the l>o<sy
of an infant that apparently had been
murdered when a week old. A Coroners
Inquest is tailed for to-morrow. Dr.
Franklin says the body has been In its
hiding place five years.
Judgment for Defendants.
BUISUN. July 26.— The suit of Dunham.
Carrigan, Hayden & Co. of San Francisco
against the Vallejo Board of Education,
W. G. Sanders and William Brownlee to
recover $528 was tried in the Superior
Court to-day, and Judgment was ordered
in favor of the defendants.
Closing Spanish Lighthouses.
GIBRALTAR. July 26.— Alma Point
Light, near Ceuta, the Spanish penal
settlement on the coast of Africa, will
be extinguished until further orders.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
DIES FOR LOVE
OF SAN DIEGO
Invalid Prefers Suicide
to Returning East.
ENDS LIFE WITH A BULLET
MILWAUKEE WOMAN'S TRAGIC
LEAVE-TAKING.
Daughter of Editor Aiken Kills Hei# i
self Rather Than Depart From
the xTetty City of the
Southland.
l
Special Dispatch to Ttoe Call.
SAN DIEGO, July 26.— Mrs. Alice
Aiken Bremer of Milwaukee, who ar
rived here six months ago for her
health and since was a guest of the
Horton House In this city, committed
suicide in her room at the hotel last
night by shooting herself through the
head with a revolver, the bullet enter
ing the brain behind the right ear. She
was about 39 years of age and of at
tractive appearance. Her husband,
Hugo Bremer. a retired real estate
dealer of Milwaukee, arrived here
three weeks ago to join her. So far as
known they were on good terms, but
occupied separate rooms at the hotel.
It is said the woman was attached
to San Diego and was determined to
remain here. Her husband came to
endeavor by personal solicitation to get
her to return East with him. Sh»
steadily refused his Importunities until
recently and they finally agreed to
leave for the East this morning. He
would not leave without her and after
a consultation last night she evidently
decided to end It all by the suicide
route. She wrote a letter addressed to
her husband, which she left on a table,
saying that she had concluded this was
the best way to end her troubles.
As nearly as can be ascertained Mrs.
Bremer at about midnight laid down
on her bed fully dressed and fired the
fatal shot.
The body will be cremated at her re
quest, made in the letter referred to.
The Coroner's jury this morning evi
dently concluded at its first session
that th<=> cause of death was not en
tirely definite and ordered a po^t mor
tem examination to be made.
During her six months' residence
here Mrs. Bremer had improved in
health materially, her trouble having
been nervousness and insomnia. She
was delighted with the place and its
beneficial effecta She was bright and
cheerful and made many friends. She
made a specialty of the study of sea
moss and plants and other forms of
vegetable life, spending conslderaable
time on the seashore making collec
tions. Mrs. Bremer seemed less cheer
ful the r>ast few days and made no se
cret of the fact that she regretted hav
ing to leave here for the East.
Th^re was nothing In her letter to
her husband hinting of unpleasant re
lations between them. It merely stated
that she had decided to take her life
and to end her trouble, and asked that
her body be cremated; that her jew
elry, except her wedding ring, be given
to her sister. The ring she wished left
on her hand.
Mrs. Bremer was a daughter of Edi
tor Alken <>f the Evening Wisconsin of
Milwaukee, one of the leading dailies
of that State. She had been married
fourteen years, but had nn family. The
revolver she used had been in her po
session many years. The course of the
bullet showed conclusively that the
shot was self-inflicted.
SHE POSSESSED WIDE
SCIENTIFIC KNOWLEDGE
MILWAUKEE. July 26. -Mrs. Brem
er, who committed suicide in Ran
Diego, was a daughter of A. J. Aiken,
proprietor of the Evening Wisconsin in
this city. Her maiden name was Alice
Aiken. Phe had been in California some
months, and latest advices received re
garding her health were to the effect
that she was improving. Mr. Bremer
left Milwaukee recently to visit his
wifp at San Diego, after which he in
tended to cross the Pacific for a trip
to the Orient.
Mrs. Bremer left Milwaukee in Jan
uary for the West. For years she had
beeq an earnest biological student, and
had looked forward to the trip to the
West to find and study certain species
of seaweed. Her scientific knowledge
was wide, and extended to other
branches, notably astronomy.
In Milwaukee she was a member of
th« Woman's Club, the College En
dowment Association and the Ladies'
Art and Science Class. Last year In
Massachusetts she read a paper on
"Biology," which attracted "wide at
tention, and she had just accepted an
invitation to read the same essay be
fore th* 1 Woman's Club in San Piego.
Mrs. Br^mer's only child, a girl, died
In infancy
ITALIAN SQUADRON
ON A PLEASURE TRIP
Still Anchored off Cartagena While
Its Officers Have a Good Time
in the City.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1593. by James Gor
don Bennett. - '-.- ' ■.-
PANAMA, Colombia, July 26.— Further
dispatches from Cartagena say that the
Italian squadron under Admiral Candl
ana is still anchored off port without any
outward sign of preparation for hostili
ties, the decks of the warships not being
clear for action.
Cordial relations still exist between the
admiral and th^ officers of the squadron
and local authorities, the officers even
attending various public functions.
VETERANS IN CAMP.
Officers Named by the Central Cali
fornia Association.
SAX I.T'IS OBIBPO, July 26.— The Cen
tral California Veterans" Association as
sembled in second annual encampment at
Sycamore Springs, to-day rlected the fol
owing officers: J. H. Orcutt, San Luis
Oblspo, commander; Judge Tjllford Dag
fer, Nipomo, senior vice-commander; \Y.
'. Eddy, Templeton, junior vice-com
mander; S. M. Dyer, Shandon, adjutant:
Rev. W. T. Lincoln, Santa Maria, chap
lain; Charles W. Martin, San Luis
Oblspo, quartermaster: J. G. Stevenson,
Arroyo Grande, paymaster; D. B. Saddler,
Fresno, officer of t<.e guard; George K.
Truesdale. San Miguel, officer of the day;
Dr. O. P. Paulding. Santa Maria, sur
feon; council of administration— J. D.
owler. J. H. Orcutt, J. C. Lyon, Major
William Jackson and A. Allen. U. S.
Grant Jr. addressed the encampment.
Possibly a Deserter.
SUIBUN, July 26.— A soldier giving his
name as Leslie Davis was arrested here
this morning, and pleaded guilty to a
charge of petty larceny. He said he be
longed to Company G. Seventh Califor
nia, but was discharged on account of
disability. It is the opinion that he is a
deserter. He claims to be a resident of
Los Angeles. He will be sentenced next
Thursday.
INVADERS LAND
ON THE COAST
OF PORTO RICO
Forty Spaniards Slain in a Brush
With Thirty Men of the
Gloucester.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The War Department at 11:30 p. m. post
ed the following:
"ST. THOMAS, July 26, 9:30 p. m.— Secretary of "War, "Washington:
Circumstances were such that I deemed it advisable to take harbor of
Guanica first, fifteen miles west of Ponce, which was successfully ac
complished between daylieh. and 11 o'clock. The Spaniards were sur
prised. The Gloucester, Commander Wainwright. first entered the har
bor. It met with slight resistan ce; fired a few shots. All the transports
are now In the harbor and infantry and artillery are rapidly going
ashore.
"This is a well protected harbor. The water is sufficiently deep
for all transports and heavy vessels to anchor within two hundred
yards of the shore. The Spanish flag was lowered and the American
flag raised at 11 o'clock to-day. Captain Higginson, with his fleet, has
rendered able and earnest assistance. The troops are in good health
and the best of Bpirita. No casualties.
MILES, Major General, Commanding Army.
PORT GUANICA. Island of Porto
Rico, July 25 (via the Island of St.
Thomas, D. W. L, July 26).— The United
States military expedition under the
command of Major General Nelson A.
Miles, commanding the army of the
United States, which left Guantanamo
Bay during the evening of Thursday
last, July 21, was landed here success
fully to-day, after a skirmish between
a detachment of the Spanish troops and
a crew of thirty belonging to the launch
of the United States auxiliary gunboat
Gloucester, formerly J. Pierpont Mor
gan's yacht Corsair. Forty Spaniards
were killed and no Americans were
hurt. The troops were pushed forward
promptly, in order to capture the rail
road leading to Ponce, which Is only
about ten miles east of this place.
MADRID. July 26.— An official dis
patch from San Juan de Porto Rico
confirms the report of an American
landing at Puerto de Guanica. The
Spaniards had one officer killed and
three soldiers wounded. The Ameri
cans, with strong artillery forces, have
established themselves on shore.
WASHINGTON. July 2C— Secretary
Alger said to-night that the troops on
transports for Cuba had already re
ceived orders to proceed to Guanica,
where General Miles has landed, in
stead of going to the point first agreed
upon.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., July 26.— The
United States cruiser Columbia has
just arrived here from Puerto de
Guanica, Porto Rico, via Cape San
Juan. While off the latter point she
spoke the United States monitor Terror
and the gunboats Annapo-lls and Wasp,
giving them orders to Join the fleet at
Puerto de Guanica immediately. Ponce
will not be bombarded until the rest of
the warships arrive.
At the request of Major General
Miles, the Associated Press dispatch
boat Cynthia II will take to Puerto de
Guanica to-night three guides. P. C.
Hanna, formerly United States Consul
OUR FIRST FOOTHOLD IN PORTO RICO.
Map of the western third of Porto Rico, showing La Punta de Guan
ica on the southern coast, where the First Division of the American army of
Invasion, under General Miles, landed on Monday, and Barcelonita, on the
northern coast, where a second division will most probably land to-mor
row or the day after, with their strategic relation to Ponce, Yanco, Maya
quez and Areoibo, which, after San Juan, the capital, are the most popu
lous and important cities of the island.
La Puerta Guanica, the landing place chosen by General Miles for the
expedition under his command, was a most apt selection, whether designed
as a base of operations looking to the permanent occupation of the western
part of the island of Porto Rico or for more Instant and direct operations
in connection with other expeditions against San Juan itself.
After San Juan it is the best harbor on the whole coast, a landlocked
expanse of water offering commodious anchorage for a large number of
Bhips except those of deepest draught, with a roadstead in front, sheltered
by the high hills on all sides except the south and southeast.
Having long been the most important port on the island for the shipment
of coffee, it is well provided with landing wharves and piers, safely ap
proachable by small vessels and boats, besides having a number of large
stone warehouses used for storing coffee, etc., which will form a valuable
adjunct to the commissary department of General Miles' army.
Eight miles to the northeast of Guanica, and reached by a good road,
is the city of Yanco. with about 25,000 Inhabitants, at the terminus of the
railroad running through Guayanilla to Ponce, a place of some 30,000 people,
and the principal city and department headquarters of the southern and
southeastern part of the island. A good wagon road leads from Yanco to
Ponce, fifteen miles distant, and from the latter place, over the central
Cordilleras, via Coamo, Cazey and Cagjuas, a well-paved road, the "Camino
Real de Porto Rico." leads to San Juan, the capital, some one hundred and
twenty miles distant on the northern coast. The intervening country is high
and healthy, and ricM in resources.
From Ponce a coast road, more or less practicable for moving troops and
supply trains, runs by way of Adjuntas and ITtuado to Arecibo, on the
northern coast, a few miles to the east of which, at Barcelonita, a part of
General Brooke's command is expected to land within the next day or two.
These two landings give the Americans practical possession of one half of
the island and excellent co-operative bases for the reduction of San Juan
ajid the rest of this last Jewel of the Spanish crown.
at San Juan de Porto Rico, will also be
a passenger by the dispatch-boat.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The news
of the landing of General Miles at
Guanica, on the southwest shore of
Porto Rico, came as a genuine surprise
to the War Department. It had all
been carefully planned that he was to
make his landing at another point, as
remote as possible from the place
where he actually landed, so there was
little wonder that the officials received
the first news of the landing with in
credulity, and even went to the length
of supposing that the story had been
put afloat in order to distract attention
from the point which had been selected.
Just why General Miles made this
wide departure from the plans of the
department is not known, but it is sup
posed that he had gathered some infor
mation since he left Siboney that in
duced him to make the change. The
result, however, has been to perplex
the department officials deeply and to
considerably derange their carefully
prepared programme for the remain
der of the expedition. It will now be
necessary to intercept the sections of
the expedition already at sea, heading
for certain selected points on the coast
of Po-to Rico and to advise them of the
change in the plans.
It Is another exhibition of the reli-
ance placed by the Government in the
dispatches of the Associated Press that
It proceeded to act at once in the direc
tion indicated and to take steps to noti
fy the sections afloat without waiting
for news from General Miles himself.
General Wilson's brigade is now ap
proaching the island, being due there
to-day or to-morrow, and reinforce
ments will follow at intervals of one
or two days until the whole force of
30,000 men is landed, unless events con
nected with the peace negotiations
make it expedient to stop future move
ments. However, it is a matter for
congratulation to the War Depart
ment that General Miles has managed
to set foot on Porto Rico before the
first overtures for peace, and thus
to place the island in the same posi
tion as Cuba and the Philippines,
namely, as territory at least partially
in the possession of the United States
at the beginning of the negotiations.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding TTtS Any of the TVrtV-^ng Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works. 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossinc. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARS AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
17 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEN7A CDDIVfi Proprietor. Send for meas-
ITlfcrlLU ure blanks.. U. S. Commis-
sion. 9 Geary St.. B. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
nw £ CmiWTH CD Bank, Office and Saloon
FINK a^tnl^ULbK, Fittings. 1309 Market
st Telephone South 267.
AUCTIONEERS.
Lire Stock Til I ID *f A " Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. MLLII ll WU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
H7II CfHftFNlNff Shipping trade supplied.
Will- MllUfcrllnU> 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
I P IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
L. r. UIUIIX, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $60, 165 and $75. Crescents, In Men's
and Ladles' $85. Second-hand Wheels. $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
UW. J. Brady's Patent
DETACHABLE
MUD DRUM
for Steam Boiler*
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Spesitl Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
■,v BOOKBINDERS.
JTJ Mnni'l'V UP Bookbinder and Printer,
■ Di JlllinillUJi 422 Commercial street,
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main. 1864.*
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Mprr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrc M H fIRFR &f fl equipoise WAISTS.
ITirS.IM.II.UoCK (X tU. 34Ge*r7»t.,Tel.RedUQl
DENTIST.
PR- C V- RICHARDS, I^rne^eW
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen. Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone. Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO. s s o c n co s n t s da T n e d , s^i c n n 4-
. FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented... over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TA^ RftYFS & C fl Shipping Butcher*, 108
JAJ- DUIC3 (X WU,, Clay. Tel. Main ISA.
FLOUR.
NATION AT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln * Co.
NAIIUHALi s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
WATER IN THE YUKON
BEGINNING TO RISE
Several Late Steamships From St.
Michael Have Arrived at Daw
son City.
SEAi'TLE, Juiy 26.— The steamer Rosa
lie, In to-day fmm Dyea, brought several
Klondikers with about $35,GX> in gold.
They left Dawson on July 7, coming up
the river on the steamer, and reaching
White Horse Rapids on July 14. A num
ber of gold-laden miners reached here
this afternoon on the City of Kingston,
also having come to Victoria on the
Athenian.
These returning Yukoners report that
the water in the big river was beginning
to rise again, and that several steamers
had arrived from St. Michael. A stamp
ede to Indian River was on. caused by
the discovery of rich summer diggings on
the benches. The clean-up had been com
pleted on Sulphur and Dominion creeks,
and the result was so favorable that
claims were selling at from $30,000 to $40,
000.
"Wedded on a Yacht.
SANTA cnrz. July 26.—^. marriage.
was celebrated this afternoon on me high
seas off Capftola. W. P. Young of this
city instead of going to Nevada ~ent to
Capltola and hired "Commodore" Taylor.
a retired sea cantain, to take him beyond
the three-mile limit in his yacht. There
the captain went through the marriage
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ..
»)— ®— ®— ® ® — ®— ® ® ®— ®~ o— ®— ®— ®— ®— ®— ® ®— ®— ® ® ®— ®— o— ®— ®— (•
; DR. MEYERS & CO.
> WILL TREAT YOU FOR NOTHING \
| IF THEY CANNOT CURE YOU. <?
2
5 Dr. Meyers & Co. have made s
) J^fflP^^^^^if e ' r § rea^ reputation by curing g
> $£§!&* s« the most dangerous and obsti- (•
) 4sP^ W na * e cases °^ contracted ail- €
) Ttw' tr-%*^fc /^jßK'? " ments, restoring partial or com- <$
) (mml "^^^FvPU' P'^ ' oss °f vital power and <5
> Ay& f Ss '~^' V^i mastering the curse of nervous <$
J T v'-'^4|£/'< "^'U&^i '% debility. Every member of the 4
) - /■irfßii#^ staff of Dr ' Beyers & Co. treats 4
'■' /^i/)i^ 't'tffF' *' Wi/? diseases and weakness of men <¥
} ''^^M\».}^^^^!^'^^ They have devoted ears of <S
11 »J!^?ft v S^^--^^^^fe^ r -tudy, research and practice to €
9 1/ 'Ml '^»; ji^^^^w. his branch of medicine and c
p surgery and leaa hi ii,_.,:.J rap . and permanent cures. y
I NO CHARGE FOR ADVICi:— PRIVATE BOOK FREE I
I) Thousands have been cured or restored to perfect health without seeing <g
j) the doctors, by a wonderful and successful home cure system. If you cannot <I
! call write for symptom blanks and free advice. All letters confidential. I
9 ®
■) T\i^ lUr>k-wr*s,w»« Qw i^ -#*. 731 Market St., San Francisco. A
l Dr v Meyers a-Go.,^^^,.,^.^ t
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
A in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St.. 8. F.
wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of a 5
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Si Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 13« Sutter «C
Ban Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO., Agent*,
101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFPNHAPn Mattress Co.. 643 Mission
IDC DCflmiAnll st. Telephone Main 1874.
OPTICAL GOODS.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearny street.
PAPER DEALERS.
WH I AMFTTF PULP AND paper co.,
fTIH.Hmt.IIL 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
M and JO CFarrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
i yftfl A IT A enc y- Reloading, developing, print-
Al/1/AAing. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN Zr CO..
XUOAZ> ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic T) ARTRIDGE 306 Call-
Codes. PAX 1 KIDUH fornla St.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnME^TIP" Pre-eminently tha machine for
UUillLOllO family use. 1021 Market ttrMt,
near Sixth. ',
SOAP.
G. R, LUCY & CO., 123 California street.
. 11. LUC I g tll«, room 37. Tel. Main Mil.
! THE BICKS-JPDD CO., a nd nncrn e e ra r N3 B F £^
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms fHAS DI ICC Claus Spreckrts
407, 408, 409. 410tUAj DLIJJ-Bldg.. 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
i £\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. Do LATOUR. Manager.
Office 818 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks & Shattuck. Tbs Home Industry
i House. 608 Clay st. <i~- 4
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer of
■ carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done la
; • first-class style at fair prices for good work.
] 128 Spear st,; tel. Mr>ln 295. .' - ; ::.•
. WALLPAPER.
1 WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe and retail: send for
I samples, statins about quality and color, to
JAS. DUFFY CO., 828-930 Howard St.. S. F.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI ITVTJV Headquarter' for fine Jewelry and
• LUnIJI, full 18 . . Wedding Rings, 43d st.
ceremony. The bride was Mrs. May R.
McKay. They could not be married ac
cording to the laws of the State, as Young
had not been divorced a year.
CITIZENS BATTLE WITH
A BAND OF OUTLAWS
Three Members of an Indian Terri
tory Gang Captured After
a Brush.
MT7SKOGEE, T. T.. July 26.— Five men
attempted to rob the Bank of Chectoah.
I. T., to-day-, but one of the gang had
notified United States officials of the In
tention of the robbers and they were met
just outside the city limits by about fif
teen citizens of Chectoah, well armed.
A pitched battle took place, in which two
of the robbers were wounded. Three
were captured and will be brought to
Muskogee to await trial. The other two.
Miller and Crosby, the leaders of the
gang, succeeded in making their escape.
Suicide by Hanging.
JI^ALDSBI'RG, July 26.— Delia Has
sett, the only son of Charles Hassett, a
pioneer of this place, committed sulcids
by hanpiriK himself this morning. The
young m;in was suffering from melan
cholia. He was to have b^en taken to a
private asylum this morning, but left the
bouse before sunrise and went up Fitch
Mountain. There he was found by his
father hanging to a limb, his body was
yet warm when cut down.
34
SHAFTER TELLS OF
THE SITUATION AT
SANTIAGO DE CUBA
Throws New Light on His Controversy
With Garcia, the Unreasonable
Cuban Leader.
Colonel Wood Installed as Military Governor==The
Health of Troops Improving Under Sani
tary Reforms.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 25 (via
Playa del Este, July 26).— Major Gen
eral William R. Shafter, commander of
the American forces in the campaign
against Santiago, to-day gave me for
the Herald an Interesting interview on
the situation here. General Shafter
throws much light on his controversy
with General Calixto Garcia, the Cu
ban leader, and now makes public for
the first time the fact that he and the
Cuban general had some correspond
ence about their differences prior to the
open break between them.
"You may tell the Herald," said Gen
eral Shafter when I called at the pal
ace in which he is now comfortably sit
uated, "that the situation in Santiago
la much improved. Twenty thousand
Spanish soldiers in the province of San
tiago have laid down their arms, leav
ing less than 5000 to be accounted for.
I hope all the Spanish army will have
been accounted for by the end of the
week, so that the work of loading
troops on the transports will be over as
soon as possible and the campaign in
the province be brought to a close.
"Colonel Wood has been installed as
military governor, with full power to
ict as circumstances may warrant. If
occasion should arise, it would be a
3lmple matter for him to suspend oper
ation of the existing civil government
and institute a military dictatorship,
[t is unlikely, however, that any dlffl
HOBSON FULL
OF BUSINESS
Pays a Flying Visit to
Boston.
AFTER TWO HUGE PONTOONS
PLANS TO FLOAT THE COLON
AND TERESA.
Will Put the Wrecking Company to
Work, and Then if Occasion
Requires Will Rejoin the
Fleet.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
BOSTON, July 26.— Just before the
train left, Lieutenant Hobson said to
The Call correspondent: "I go to New
York and then directly back to the
fleet. I have found here two 200-ton j
pontoons belonging to the Boston Tow
boat Company. This fact I simply re
port to the department. You know !
my friends are al. talking for me, and i
what they haven't said it would be j
hard to say. I came to Boston solely i
on business, and my stay here was just
as brief as I could make it. Of course,
I would like to spend a little time in '
this interesting city, where I have been
received so kindly, but Government !
business necessitates expeditious work j
here and a quick return to Washing- i
ton.
"I went to the office of the Boston
Towboat Company and consulted them
in regard to obtaining two large pon
toons which it is proposed to use in
connection with the raising of the
Colon and Maria Teresa. These pon
toons have a lifting capacity of about
800^ tons each and I expect to get th^m
without any trouble and start for San
tiago in a couple of days.
"Our plan is to run the pontoons,
which have great buoyant power,
alongside at low tide and sink them.
They will then be fastened to the ship
by chains and pumped out at high
water. When the vessel .«hall have
been lifted off the bottom, the pontoons
will be filled again and the same pro
cess repeated Thus she may be
brought far enough out of water to en
able uj to close the opening in her hull,
pump her out and tow her to this
country.
"The Colon at last accounts lay on a
elope, with only a small part of her
bow above water. It will be a matter
of lifting 7000 tons to get her off.
Structurally, she is all right and was
foundered by the removal of her sea
cocks and Kinkston valves. She is ly
ing on a reef with her bows wedged in
between two coral reefs, and I feel cer
tain we caji save her. Of the Maria
Teresa, I have hopes that she caii
saved as well a.s the Colon.
"An to my future plans, I really do
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What virtue there is in
bare cleanliness !
Pears' soap does nothing
but cleanse, it has no medi-
cal properties; but it brings
the color of health, and
health itself. Give it time.
culty will be met. The people of Santi
ago are quiet add orderly and they
i seem delighted that the campaign is
' over. They have been cooped up so
| long that whatever regret they may
feel is overbalanced by the compensa
tion' tion of peace. In the country many of
the Spanish troops have gone to work,
while here in Santiago, as you can see
1 for yourself, business has been resum
ed. Food is coming in more liberally
and in another week there should be
plenty for all. The health of the city
, is much better than I had anticipated,
i yet there is a great deal of sickness
and constant care will be required to
i prevent the spread of disease in the
; army. Our troops have withstood the
! great ravages of fever and the great
discomforts of the heavy rains. They
: are remarkably well. The sanitary re
' forms which are now being instituted
I will, I think, improve the health of the
i community in general.
"As to the political situation, I have
| little to add to what already is known.
j I regret that General Garcia should
| feel offended because he was not per
| mitted to be a signatory party to the
i Spanish surrender. In a letter to him,
written in reply to his protests, I made
' it plain that the ceremony of surrender
j and retention of Spanish municipal of
i fleers and tariff duties must be treated
jas temporary measures, quite apart
1 from the final purpose of the United
States in Cuba. I told General Garcia
that we were at war with Spain; that
; we would be held responsible before
' the world for the treatment of the sur
rendered territory, and pending con
' elusion of the war the Cubans could not
1 reasonably expect the recognition
not know what they will be. I expect
to superintend the raising of the two '
Spanish warships. As soon as I get
through my business here to-day I shall
take the first train for New York and
thence proceed direct to Washington. I
suppose I will at once leave there for
I Santiago."
During the conversation with the
! newspaperman it was remarked by one
of them that he (Hobson) had a pretty
' lively time in getting through the dense
j crowd to his carriage.
The lieutenant smiled and said: "My j
old football practice stands by me these
times. There is nothing like a good ath
letic training; it fits a man for many
things.
"I announced my conviction to the
1 department, and the Government be
! came convinced that the Colon and the
'. Maria Teresa could be raised. They
! will become valuable additions to our
navy. Both ships are the best types of
j their class, and with Americans behind
the guns they would make a marvelous
showing.
"The wrecking company will push the
1 work as rapidly as they can. You must
! understand that it will be no easy mat
: ter. Pontoons cannot work in rough
I water, and the hurricane season is at
hand.
"Well, I shall go south in a few days,
but not on the wrecking boats nor on
the St. Paul. After my visit to Boston
my movements will be uncertain. When
I arrive at Santiago I shall stay by the
Colon for a while to get the wrecking
company at work, and then if there is
an opporunity for work with the fleet
i I shall apply to be put aboard."
PROFESSOR ANDRR/VS
ON EUROPEAN POLITICS
Predicts a Great War in the Near
Future Into Which This Coun
try Will Be Dragged.
MADISON, Wis., July 26.— E. Benja
min Andrews, recently elected Super
intendent of Schools of Chicago, in his
address before the Winoma Lake As
sembly, spoke on "European Politics."
He predicted a great European war in
the near future, into which the United
! States would be dragged, If it did not I
go in of its own accord. He described
the strengthening of the fortifications
and preparations for war in every
country in Europe.
"You may ask what force in Europe
j preserves peace in Europe," he said.
"This peace force is the money power,
: the great financiers, whose interests |
; are entirely opposed to war. There are
i large numbers of people, intelligent,
thoughtful people, who believe that a
general war would kill off enough of
the laboring population to temporarily
! solve the labor question. Those who
were left could be paid larger wages
and live on a higher plane.
"It is interesting to consider which
' nation of Europe would benefit most
:by a general European war. That na
j tion undoubtedly would be Great Brit
■ am. She has the navy, the men and
the money. England is far better sit
uated in a financial way for war than
any other Europea,. ,x>wer.
"England's present friendliness to
ward the United States I believe to be
sincere and not expressed for the pun
pose of making capital out of us. We
should respond to the sentiment. Be
| sides the ues of blood, we would be
| wise to have a powerful ally in case
of friction wi..» any other European
power.
"We shall probably be compelled to
take a place in the settlement of the
Eastern question. There are many peo
ple who insist that we shall keep up
the role of the 'Hermit Nation'; that we
must keep aloof from the world. In
my judgment there is no choice before
the American nation. Whether we
wish to or not, we must take our place
among the powers of the world.
"The United States may be dragged
into the company of the powers by the
heels, or we may take our place volun
tarily, and call to the world: 'Here is
Jonathan. He is six feet two; he has
come to stay; he waits to be counted;
you must reckon with him.' "
Sonoma Valley Broiling.
SONOMA. July 2C— To-day was the hot
test on record in this valley. The ther
mometer registered 80 degrees at 8 o'clock
this morning. At 3:30 this afternoon it
reached 103 degrees in the shade.
Manifesto Suggested to Don Carlos.
PARTS, July 26.— A meeting of Carlists,
held near Bayonne. France, has for
warded to the Spanish pretender, Don
Carlos, a written draft of a suggested
manifesto.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
which he sought. At the proper time,
I added, the terms of the President's
proclamation undoubtedly would be
made good. The letter was personal
and very friendly in tone, but General
Garcia made no reply to it. The next
news I heard of him was that he had
withdrawn with his army to Holguin,
near the north coast.
"The fact is I did recognize General
Garcia as far as I could by inviting
him to be present at the surrender of
Santiago as my guest. He declined to
come, sending this message: 'I cannot
be your guest under the Spanish flag.'
"I have the most kindly feeling for
General Garcia and sincerely regret
that he has cause for complaint. It is
idle, however, to argue the point, for
no matter how warmly one may sym
pathize with the Cubans, the proposi
tion to install them in power Imme
diately after the surrender of the Span
ish is untenable and lacks support
among the Cubans themselves."
The palace in which General Shafter
is nuartered is a large and roomy though
somewhat antiquated building, facing
the plaza. General Shafter to-day in
spected the city on horseback, being
accompanied only by two members of
his staff. He was well received along
the route, but there were no cheers.
General Shafter is a strict disciplina
rian, and he is rapidly bringing several
branches of the army into one cohe
sive body, capable of coping with any
situation that may arise. The commis
sariat is much improved.
A railroad will be opened to-morrow
and troops removed to Woodland.
Transports are unloading as rapidly as
possible and are awaiting orders from
Washington.
FLEET NEEDS
OVERHAULING
Why Watson's Cruise Is
Delayed.
VIEWS OF NAVAL OFFICERS
THOROUGH PREPARATION IS
NECESSARY.
Besult of Investigation of Effects of
the Naval Bombardment at
Santiago Told in a
Bulletin.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
GUANTANAMO BAY. Santiago,
July 26.— The Vixen and the Suwanee
returned to Santiago yesterday morn
ing convoying the prize ships brought
here for disinfection. The main body
of the fleet is here coaling and clean
ing as well as the facilities Z the bay
permit. The Texas will leave for New
York shortly, In order to undergo re
pairs.
The movements of the other ships un
der Rear Admiral Sampson's command,
except those engaged in the 1 orto Rico
expedition, depend upon the decisions
of the authorities at Washington, and
the impression Is growing among the
naval officers of high rank in these
waters that it is not advisable to send
a fleet to Spain without previously en
abling the ships t< under~o thorough
preparation, including going into dry
do^k in several cases.
The list of vessels in Guantanamo
Bay Includes the New York, Brooklyn,
lowa, Indiana, Oregon, Marblehead,
Detroit, Newark, Yankee, Yankton,
Hornet, Ericsson, Rogers, Wampatuck,
Samoset, Vesuvius', Celtic, Vulcan, Al
varado, five colliers and one transport.
A bulletin just issued in regard to the
investigation of the navy's bombard
ment of Santiago de Cuba says:
"Twelve houses were completely
wrecked inside and one house was
burned. Sixteen eight-inch shells struck
, within three blocks on the Calle de
' Marien. These excavated the ground to
a depth of about four feet and about
ten feet lengthwise. The street was
macadamized. It is judged from the
fact that many of them struck near the
water's edge that a number of shells
must have gone into the bay. Army
officers have stated that thirty or forty
went beyond the northern edge of the
bay into the Spanish lines.
"A dozen or more of the shells had
not exploded. In four of them the base
had been simply blown out. In one
■ case a four-inch shell which was prob
ably a 'stray' fired during the demon
stration at Aguadnres on July 1, had
gone through a tree and exploded in
the ground beyond.
"When the severe effect of the eight
inch shells is considered, it is a matter
j of congratulation that it was not neces
sary to continue the bombardment
longer and fire thirteen-inch shells, as
the squadron had prepared to do. The
I effect of these latter would undoubtedly
have been of a most disastrous charac
ter to the town.
"The board has completed Its Investi
gation and will make a detailed report
later."
CIENFUEGOS WILL BE
TAKEN AFTER PORTO RICO
Appeal of Starving Cubans Causes a
Change in the Plan of
Campaign.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs* Cienfuegos may be taken by
the forces of the United States before a
general movement is made against Ha
vana. The appeal made by starving
Cubans In the city of Cienfuegos had a
SHAFTER AND
GOVERNOR ROS
HAVE A CLASH
Civil Executive of Santiago
Sharply Rebuked by the
Commander.
Had Been Making Wholesale Re=
movals of Officials on His Own
Responsibility.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISSS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 26.—
General Shafter and Senor Ros, Civil
Governor of Santiago, have had a seri
ous clash over the Governor's officious
and unauthorized dismissal of Spanish
officials. General Shafter undid the
Governor's work, sharply rebuked him,
and finally called him a "presuming
rascal."
Ab a result of this heated interview
Senor Ros announces that he will re
sign. The Cubans are highly indignant
over General Shafter's action.
Owing to the fact that censorship has
been lifted, I am able to give the full
details of this latest phase of the situ
ation here. In fact, this is the first
unscored dispatch to be sent from
Santiago.
Senor Ros, with the idea of trimming
his sails to suit Cubans, who, he be
lieves, will eventually possess the city,
had been making wholesale removals
of Spanish officials and replacing them
with Cubans of the extreme type. He
had been carrying on these proceedings
without the knowledge of General Shat
ter. His policy was at variance with
that of the commander of the Ameri
can forces, who desires to preserve or
der in the city while he gradually insti
tutes a new government.
Three members of the Institute of
Justice — Senors Barraco, Vila and
Riestra — called upon General Shafter
yesterday afternoon and said that in
view of President McKlnley's guaran
tee that the rights of the Spanish resi
dents were to be protected they wished
to protest against the high-handed
manner in which the Civil Governor
had removed Spaniards from office.
They informed General Shafter that
Senor Ros had sent communications to
the Spanish officials whom he had dis
missed, telling them that they had been
removed upon the order of General
Shafter. General Shafter immediately
summoned the Governor before him.
"Is it true," demanded General Shaf
ter, "that you have dismissed these of
ficials in my name?"
"Yes," replied Senor Ros, "they are
Spaniards, and I understood that all
such were to be removed."
"Your action, sir," said General Shaf
ter, "was totally unauthorized. You've
no right whatever to use my name. In
any case, you should not have taken
such a step on your own responsibility.
very strong effect upon President Mc-
Kinley. The authorities were totally
unaware, before this appeal was made,
of existing conditions. It heretofore
has been impossible to send supplies
into such large cities as Cienfuegos, but
President McKinley.in case peace prop
ositions do not prevail, will now direct
that Cienfuegos be captured as soon
as possible after the fall of San Juan.
President McKinley, I understood,
this morning laid the proposition of
capturing Cienfuegos before the Secre
taries or the Navy and War. They
were asked to carefully consider the
advisability of taking the place.
Of course, no move will be made
against Cienfuegos or any other port
on the Cuban coast until after the sur
render of San Juan. The officials with
whom I have talked are of the opinion
that the navy would have little dif
ficulty in forcing the authorities of
Cienfuegos to surender. The great dif
ficulty would be the occupation of the
city after its capture. It would not be
wise to send any troops not immunes
to Cienfuogos until after the rainy sea
son has ended in Cuba.
The proposition, as it now stands, is
to have the American navy force the
surrender of Cienfuegos as soon as pos
sible after the Porto Rican campaign.
Food and other supplies could then be
sent to Cienfuegos and distributed
among the suffering people now in that
city. It would not require a very
large body of troops to garrison that
city, and in all probability the Govern
ment would order two of the immune
regiments for such service.
Kecord-Breaking Wheat Crop.
TACOM,A, July 26.— The greatest wheat
crop ever known in the Pacific Northwest
began moving to-day when a carload of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-4:4 4 4 4 4 .4 4 4.4 4 4 4.4 44 4 44-4 4 444 4 4 4. 4 4444 4 4 4 4
4. • ■ /^^^^^. "^ll^-M There is nothing which gives +
a. ■ i^^^^Si, • strength to , men as quickly as T
Zj* M&^MM&^-gWm Electricity; nothing which so 4
♦ jvt surely restores all power of -f
4- # for mini;
There is nothing which gives 4.
strength to men as quickly as
Electricity; nothing which so "♦"
surely restores all power of +
manhood as Dr. Sanden's Elec- 4.
4 /l^&r^' "'■ ' -'/" :i trie Belt, which is made with 1
4- - Ay <v^ j\ >y< the sole purpose of building up ";
'■ lASd^^V fsx?^*2Ry' Sst shattered, weak nerves. It is "♦"
\9Yr^sffl\\ 9 Yr^$ffl\ & ■ different from everything else, 4
4 lfr\ \twA J^* and no man should , give up 4.
4. - 'vWA i^^'''< i - while he has yet left this great >\
4- z^^^^l^W -^J^A^^" remedy untried. Medicines are "*
. good for some troubles, but they '4
<2^^^gSM^^^^^^g^g)- do not restore strength. Elec- 4-
~ i ~~^lS^L^*^?^^ tricity does, and the best means 4.
y * ff *** '**L-V fJ.v ■ of iisinsr it is '
♦ DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC 3 BELT. 4
4 I\ WONDERFUL CURE, "*"
4. • CHICO, Cal. 4
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Over two months ago I purchased one of your Electric a.
4 Belts. I have worn It regularly, since then, and it has cured me of vital weakness of ~
4- three years' standing. It has made me as well and strong as a person need be. Before 4
• purchasing the Belt . I was not able -to do much work. Now I can <do as much as »
4- any other man. : You are at liberty, to use this testimony as you desire. Will answer "*"
4. all letters Inclosing ; postage. Yours ' respectfully, , JAMES WRIGHT. 4
4. SUCH GRATEFUL LETTERS 4
4. Are received every day. They tell •of cures of weakness, of kidney 4
a trouble, of rheumatism, lame back, stomach and other organic troubles, a
They prove the value, the immense value, of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ][
4. to sick and weak people. They should and will bring you to a realiza- ♦
•♦• tion of its worth Ito you. Read Dr. .Sanden's new book, "Three Classes 4
4. of Men," which can be had free. It is full of joyous news to weak men. 4
a. If convenient call and test this wonderful Belt. Call or/address. x
♦ TO? A T SANDEN * ~ * ♦
4. vn r A \ 1. P Y|Ci«t NOT IN DRUG STORES. >
4 702 Market Street, Corner Kenny. San rr»Bcisc». , . , . ,4.
4- . Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 vu D Bnde M>BiM >8 in rIC BeU : ♦
T_' to 1. Branches ,at Los Anseles, Cal, 204H »8» 8 r n^er »old n in % stores V - T.
4 south Broadway; -Portland, Or.. 233 Washing- . nor by traveling agents; only 4.
4. ton street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; .; at our office. .■ .
T_ Dallas, Tex., : 235 ; Main street. ! . . * : ■ ;, . ; ... .. 4i'.. T
i 444 4 4 ♦♦♦♦♦ +44 4. 4 44 44444 444444 44 4 444444
Do not let the thing occur again. You're
a presuming rascal."
Senor Ros returned shortly afterward
with the resignations of the high court
justice, consisting of the president, four
magistrates, three attorney generals
and two secretaries. The officials said
that as loyal subjects of the King of
Spain they could not perform their
functions under the authority of an
enemy of Spain and could not take an
oath acknowledging the supremacy of
the United States.
General Shatter was exceedingly in
dignant when he saw the resignations
were directed to the civil governor
through whom the court usually trans
acts its business. General Shatter
strongly objected to such course and
said the resignations should be made to
him direct, as Senor Ros had nothing
whatever to do with the matter. The
court is closed until new appointments
are made.
Senor Ros says he will resign to
day. His dismissal of the Spanish offi
cials had caused the Cubans to feel
considerable elation. Since the offi
cials have been reinstated the Cubans
seem ripe for anything. A meeting was
held last night at the San Carlos Club
when it was resolved to send a com
munication to President McKinley pro
testing against the action of General
Shafter.
Although General Garcia has with
drawn into the interior, a few of the
insurgents still linger near the city.
General Demetrius Tillo, with Brebece
and two hundred Cubans, is Just out
side the city walls, awaiting the action
of the American administration when
Spanis^ prisoners are deported. Gen
eral Castillo was appointed military
governor of Santiago by General Gar
cia, and declares he has the right to
enter the city. Dr. Joaquin Castillo,
brother of the general, who is in the
city, said to me the Cubans were much
disappointed and disgusted at the ac
tion of General Shafter prohibiting Cu
ban troops from entering the city.
"We have," he said, "carried on this
war fnr three years. We have borne
the toils and hardships and brunt of
the fight. Now that it is partly won we
are treated worse than the Spaniards,
our common enemy. We see Spaniards
parading the streets clad in the uni
form of Spain and filling lucrative po
sitions, while our troops suffer hard
ships and privations in the interior. We
see men bitterly opposed both to Cu
bans and Americans still retaining
posts of honor under the pretense of
preventing a cessation of the machin
ery of the civil government."
newly threshed No. 1 blue stem was re
ceived from Kiona, Yakima County. Re
ports agree that no orevious crop has
equaled that now being harvested in the
Palouse district of Washington, the Pot
latch district of Idaho and the Umatilla
district of Oregon. The yield of these
districts will be at least 2fi.000.000 bushels,
while the Willamette Valley, Oregon, will
produce 4,000,000 or 5,000,000 bushels more.
Spring wheat in the Big Bend and Pa
louse districts was not considered out of
danger from the hot winds until this
week.
Warring on Liquor Traffic.
SAN RAFAEL, July 26.— The war in
Mill Valley over the sale of liquor has
begun and bids fair to develop into a
bitter contest at law. The Tamalpais
Land and Water Company brought four
separate suits yesterday, two against
John H. Mclnnes, Eliza Mclnnes, Andrew
H. Mclnnes and W. A. Sutcllffe; one
against Joseph and Dora Landgraff, and
one against Jesse E. Bundy, Lottie Bundy
and Henry Mason. It is stated in the
complaints that the contract of sale of
the lands to these persons provided that
no liquor was to be sold on the premises
until May 31, 1915, and it is alleged that
this clause has been violated in an
"open and notorious manner."
Baptists at Twin Lakes.
SANTA CRUZ, July seven
teenth session of the General Baptist
Convention of California convened at
Twin Lakes to-day. This week's meet
ing will include a .UiDlc conference The
Young People's convention will meet on
July 3 U . Rev. J. Q. A. Henry and wife
wU be among the speakers.
Miner Fouwd Dead.
AUBURN, July 26.— Jasper McCullough,
a miner, was found dead in a chute in
Gold Blossom mine to-day. He leaves
a widow and several small children in
Lincoln, Cal.
SANTIAGO PRISONS
RIVAL THE BASTILE.
Special Cable to < . Cabana t^NewJorkHerald. Copyrighted, 1898, by
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July Conditions in the Bastile are
equaled by the state of affairs in the prisons here, as revealed by the
prison commission which was appointed by the commander of the
American forces. The commission consists of Captain Lunan of the
Rough Riders, Major Groesbeck (judge advocate) and Mr. Annas,
formerly a lawyer of this city and now an aid on the staff of General
Castillo.
The commission began its Investigation with the common jail, where
it found a horrible state of affairs. It ascertained that many of
the prisoners had been confined there for years without ever having
been sentenced. Others were serving terms double and treble the ex
treme legal penalty for offenses of which they had been convicted.
One man had been confined six years for a crime the maximum pun
ishment for which under the Spanish law was two months. Among
the prisoners were many Spanish soldiers, who will be sent back to
Spain.
The commission was able to examine only ten prisoners yesterday.
Some of these will be liberated soon. The commission will be in session
to-day.
Sixty thousand dollars was deposited in the branch. Banca Espana
Habanawhen the city surrendered. It has disappeared. General Shafter
had Jose Bravo, governor of the bank, before him yesterday after
noon, and vainly endeavored to elicit from him the secret of the dispo
sition of the funds.
KLATAWAH SHOWS HIS
HEELS TO FAST ONES
CLEVELAND, July 26.— The perform
ances on the second day of the grand cir
cuit meeting were not of the phenomenal
brand. The best race of the day was the
last, in which Klatawah, the sensational
California stallion, got away with the
first two miles, but went up in the third
heat and trailed the big field in. He
spoiled three scores in the fourth, and
there were indications that he would
AD V EBTISEMENTS^^
The Backbone
of a comfortable breakfast is Schilling's Best
cofFee.
What a wretched body when the back-
bone is weak! What a wretched breakfast
when the cofFee is poor!
j MACKAFS ++ 1
SEMI-ANNUAL ■♦•
: REMNANT J
•4. ■ .'. s - ■^ -
I SALE I
IGARPETS. I
: CARPETS. j
•f SECOND AND LAST WEEK. 1
-♦• About 2,000 yards of remnants of all . "
I grades are left after last week's rush "T.
"*" for them. To close out the balance, 4.
>■ note these further reduced prices: ._
A. TAPESTRIES 36c per yard *
MOQUETTE 40c per yard +
♦ BODY BRUSSELS 5Sc per yard a
a WILTON . VELVETS 55c per yard 'T^
*" AXMINSTER 58c per yard "*"
4 In lengths suitable for rugs and coy- +
A. ering moderate sized rooms. Bring your 4.
measurements and secure one of these ~
•♦■ bargains while they hold out. +
'♦ LINOLEUM. +
4 -*z /usf r^eive^ 45c Vq.; yd. ♦
•*• heavy quality, laid on your floor. 4."
Special this week. lif&»illSs _a.
4 FURNITURE. ;>;
4 purlng Remnant Sale, in .  +
4. this department we offer aiR PER .
special discount of :. ■*F CfcNT ▼
4 on everything from our already low 4.
4. prices. . .
♦ ALEX. MACKAY & SON, I
+ 715 MARKET ST. 4^
4-44444444 4- 4 4 4 4 ♦ +
My mother's headaches were of the sort that people call sick
headache. They always were in some way the result of a disturbed
stomach. She would have them sometimes more than once a week,
and then she might go several weeks without having one. Generally
an attack would only spoil one day, but sometimes she would be sick
for two or three days. When she learned about Ripans Tabules, she
found that they always relieved her decMedly, and her attacks are
now much less frequent than they used to be. She continues to make
use of the Tabules when occasion arises, but she says that now one or
two will not produce the effect they did in the beginning. She keeps
a supply of them in the house all the time, and I believe if she worild
take them according to directions, they would cure her entirely. You
know her life is that of a farmer's wife. I suppose her experience is
that of thousands of others who stay pretty closely at home and de-
pend for food mainly upon those things which the farm produces.
Under such conditions the stomach will get upset now and then unlesi
precautions are taken to avoid it. Ripans Tabules are precaution*.
never get away, but finally he grot th»
proper gait and clung to it. From the
faEt position in a field of fourteen hfe took
the pole away from Pentland long be
fore the first turn was reached and after
that Klatawah was the only horse in the
chase, although everybody expected him
to leave his feet at any moment. Sum
mary:
2 16 class, pacing; purse $2500— Lady of the
Manor won, Lottie Smart second, Nlcol third.
2 20 class, trotting: purse $2000— Red Roy won
fourth, fifth and sixth heats, Louise Me sec
ond. Iris O third. Best time 2:14
2:14 class, pacing: purse $2000— Klatawah won.
Pentland second, Sibil'a third. Best time, 2:67.
OOAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO9
|w PALACE wj
I GRAND nomLso
jl SAM FRAHCIBCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway. ■jr
© 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
A •'■■■■'■■ ? NOTE THE PRICES: Q
jT European Plan. Cl .oo per day and upward A
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward V
q '- ■ Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. Q
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
PChlcheiUr". En,i:Uch Diamond Brand,
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<KT7v Original and Only Genuine. A
>-//TrK,.<\ <»*fc, alwayt relisble. ladies uk zS\
fui \ l»S\ Druggist for Cnlchcsteri EnJlui?D?<i-JB l i\
WJ** l *V&fkL ' irorul in lied »nd (r'oii mtulllc^W
Try —^Sifjbosci. leiled vlth blue ribbon. Take \&
' T^i 9^ S-iVi 110 other. Krfiue dangrroui tuhttint- v
I" / ~ fjf tiotu and imitations. At Drngsi'ts, or tend 4«.
I W Jg in ■ t »-*ff for partiealart, tc«t!n:onl»li »nl
V XS* £r " Relief for Ladles," in UtUr. br retara
•J< A' Mall. 10,000 Tntimoslala. JTine Paper.
. ""I Cbl»>iei«t«'rChejnici»lCo..M«<H»<jn
fc!4 by all Local iJrus?isU. %1 "' T * ''» *... PA/
DR.MCNULTY:
THrsrELLKXOWjf AND RELIABLE OLTI
J. Sp<"*ialistcure*Prlvate,Nervons,Bloo<iaridSkla
diseases of Men cm.'y. Manly Power restored. Over
.0 years' experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
daily :6:30 t0 8.30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
uoalree and sacredly confidential. Calloraddresa
»■. ROSCOK WeSrUXTTT.* M. !>.,
28*^ KEARNY STREET, BANrRANCISCO, OAL
'!j<JtßHtHi*'i 1 ■ Pi « «Is a non-pol«ocorw
JBflßr cCKE^^BH Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
KBPW in 1 tosd»Ts.^M Whites, unnatural dis-
/^W Oa»r»n«eed V charges, or any inflamma-
|2|"" *° ltrlclttre - "• tion. irritation or ulcera-
g—*PrtT«nt» contagion. tion of jmncon. mem-
hJ*VTHEE¥AN3 CHEMIChCo. branesi Non-astringent.
' fg^kCINCINNATI.O BSHfI &old b r I>rncsi»U,
>SM^ P. S. i. J&St ° r sent in plain wrapper,
* V V^Z_^^JB^^'c? ; mß $1.00, or 3 bottles, |2.75.
■■ Circular mbi ob raquett,AGNEWS ASYLUM BOARD TOILS
WITH KALSOMINE AND BRUSH
HASTY ATTEMPT
TO HIDE SCANDAL
AND FOIL JUSTICE
DQap "Investigation" hjeld aod
Gag Law Applied to Keep
BacK t^e Truth.
Izar Gould Engineers a Farcical Performance
While trje State Lunacy Comn)ission Is
PlanniQg Its Course of Action.
SAN JOSE. July When It was
redicted in The Call In reference to
he Agmews investigation that there
:ould N 1 applied as artistic a coating
f whitewash as ever was laid on by
n investigating body, a mistake was
lade. The application was not artiß
c. It was made to-day. The coatings
ere thick and plentiful, but through
hem all the impartial observer was
asily able to discern the big black
lntches.
There was ample evidence of the
andiwork of Director Frank H. Gould,
II showed that his recent retire
nent to the seclusion of the asylum
vas not for the purpose of obtaining 1
pst or recreation. His well-drilled wlt-
K'Spps did credit to his tuition.
Not less creditable to the coaching
ibilities of the would-be Moses of the
-ratic party of California was the
exhibition of railroading and gag rul
ngs given by Chairman James R. Cur
aow of the Agnews board of managers.
)••■ racked through" his master's bid
3ing in a manner that must have
aroused thf> envy of Gould himself, who
nas no mean abilities in that line. Di
rector 0. A. Hale took the programme
ike a well-seasoned veteran takes or
ders from his superior.
There were two investigations In
progress under the same roof at the
=ame tim-\ in the language of the clr
■us showman, -ut they were not under
>ne management. While the State com
niFsion in lunacy was sitting in execu
:ive session in one room to determine
a-hat line of action should be taken in
Agnews Attaches Who Figure Prominently in the Asylum Scandal.
nvestigatinK the Agnews State Hospi
&}, the local board of managers in dis
regard and in virtual defiance of the
mperlor body entered upon Its farci
:al performance.
Governor Budd, who was present at
he session of the State commission, de
•.lared that the action of the local board
it this time was ultra vires, and would
jot in any way influence the proposed
:ourse of the commission. If the latter
'ound there was ground for an In
vestigation of the charges made by
?harles L. Williams against T. T.
fourtillott and Mrs. Madigan, such in
rf-stigation would be ordered and
night be undertaken by the commls
lion.
But Gould and his programmers have
i substantial advantage now. The tes
timony of witnesses examined to-day
will be transcribed and each witness
a-ill have ample opportunity to again
ttudy and prepare for his and her part
n th^ next performance.
Williams, who preferred the charges,
i-as not notified until 6 o'clock last
evening that the Investigation was to
>c held to-day and thus had little or
10 time to secure the attendance of his
vitnesses.
After the State Commission had an
lounred its intention of making a pre
lmlnary examination in executive ses
lion before deciding on n course of ae
ion all idea of making an Independent
nvestlgation was seemingly abandoned
>y the local board. It was only late in
he afternoon, when bodies of this kind
ißually adjourn, that it decided to hold
in investigation of Williams" charges.
This was after it discovered that Wil
lams' attorney had taken his departure
n the confident belief that nothing
vould .be done by the local board to
lay. Williams essayed to conduct his
Bide of the rase, but was sadly handi
capped by his Inexperience, by the bull
dozing: tactics of Gould and by the gag
rulings of Curnow. So shamefully har
assed was ho thiit he left the room in
disgust before the session was over, and
after his departure an attempt was
made to besmirch the reputation of his
wife through the testimony of Miss
Louise Bambauer. one (if Gould's pets,
imported from Merced. This action
Btood out in darker colors by reason of
the fact that all of the previous wit
nesses had testified to the extremely
good character and reputation of Mrs.
Williams.
The full membership of the State Com-
mission In Lunacy was present when
the session was called to order by Gov
ernor Budd In Agnews Asylum at 10
O'clock this morning. The board con
sists of Governor Budd, Secretary of
State L. H. Brown, Attorney General
W. F. Fitzgerald, Dr. F. W. Hatch
and Dr. W. I\ Matthews. Governor
Budd was still suffering from a severe
cold, but owing to the importance of
the affair under consideration he made
special exertion to be present. As
stated by the Governor, the purpose of
the meeting was to examine all mem
bers of the local board and officers of
the institution in order to determine
upon the course of action In reference
to the Investigation or Investigations
and to decide by which body BUCh in
vestigation or investigations should be
made. Matters that affect the general
management of the institution are to
be investigated by the State Commis
sion, and those that merely relate to
the disciplining of individual attaches
and employes will be turned over to the
local board for action.
On being asked In whnt category the
charges against Tourtlllott and Mrs.
Madtgan would be placed, the Governor
said that could not at this time be de
termined. If it were shown that there
was reason to believe that the Tour
tillott-Madigan charges had a demoral
izing effect on the institution the?
would be made «. subject for the State
Commission to act upon.
Director TTpham was the first witness
before the commission, as he had made
the request for the intervention of the
commission. His examination covered
all charges and counter-charges that
had been published In the newspapers
within the past two weeks and also
matters that had been made subjects of
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
Investigation or dispute before the
board.
Director White was second on the
carpet. He was examined on the same
matters that had been called to the at
tention of the preceding witness, but
entered larpely into the manner in
which patronage of the institution had
been obtained by members of the local
| board. ' Among other things, he said
| that Miss Ella Royse, who, after hay
! ing resigned as matron of the institu
tion, had, in a fit of pique, destroyed
some books that she kept, was ready to
I make all reparation in her power. She
I was ready to furnish whatever infor-
I mation she had concerning the entries
in these books. The Gould faction of
\ the local board has been holding the
destruction of the books over Miss
I Royse' s head, it is claimed, to prevent
her telling what she knows of the Tour
itillott-Madigan affair and other alleged
irregularities in the asylum.
Director Gould followed. His test I -
I mony was largely contradictory of that
j given by Mr. White, and it made clear
that there was serious friction in the
[< .al board between the witness and
\Yhit-\ It is not improbable that un
d-r th^se circumstances Gould may be
'■ Inspired to again tender his resignation
! as a member of the Agnews board, and
thus restore harmony in that body.
Should he be moved to such a course
'< it is not likely that the Governor will
irrasa him by again refusing to
The State Commission finished its
day's labors at 5 o'clock, before Gould's
examination had been completed. It
adjourned until 10 o'clock Thursday
I morning.
About an hour and a half before the
State Commission adjourned the local
board got the notion of holding a meet-
Ing of its own. A room was quickly
j selected and in a few minutes a troop
of witnesses, mostly employes of the
i asylum, was in attendance. Prominent
among them were T. T. Tourtillott and
Mrs. Madigan, the two accused of un
becoming conduct by Charles L. Wil
liams. There were present also Dr.
Sponogle and Miss Louise Bambauer,
acting matron by grace of Dr. Spo
nogle and the will of Director Gould.
Dr. Cnrnow occupied the chair. Di
rector White was before the State
Commission and Directors Upham,
Hale and Gould began the investiga
tion.
Mr?. Madigan came in pale, self-con
scious and exceedingly nervous. It
w.-i.s some time before she ceased biting
her lips and twitching them in a vain
effort to appear unmoved. Tourtlllott
bore the ordeal with somewhat less
embarrassment.
Chairman Curnow announced the |
purpose of the meeting to be the in- j
vestlgation of the charges filed by
Charles 1,. Williams against T. T. |
Tourtlllott and Mrs. Madiean. After j
the secretary rend them, as they have I
been published in The Call, Hale asked
for an expression from the board as to
whether Gould was to be considered
competent to sit In the case, his I
brother, Tourtlllott, being one of
the persona accused. It was fin
ally decided to allow Gould to partici
pate in the proceedings, but not to
v t. on any question or take part In
the final decision. Hale then moved
to proceed with the investigation, and
the motion was carried.
Mrs. Olivia B. Williams was the first
witness. She related her story in a
clear manner. The facts she pave were
the basis of the charges of Immoral
conduct made against Mrs. Kate Madi
gan and T. T. Tourtillott. She said
thai about the middle of last October.
somewhere near 5:30 o'clock in the
morning, when she opened the door
leading into ward F in the female part
of the hospital she heard the latch of
Mrs. Madigan's door click. A few
minutes later Mrs. Madigan came out,
looked around, and again retired to her i
room. The witness walked to the end
of the corridor and then down the
stairway, at the foot of which she |
waited. A few minutes later she saw i
Tourtillott coming toward her and she j
met him face to face. He passed with- |
out speaking to her. Mrs. Williams re- i
ported the matter to Dr. Christal. A i
few days later and about the same j
time wrote to Gould and told him of
Tourtillott's actions In the women's
ward, and asked him to speak to his j
brother. The witness also related th<» :
circumstance to her husband and
Nighlwatehman Kerns.
Dr. Christal reported the matter to
Dr. Sponogle and the medical director
summoned Mrs. Williams to his office
and questioned her about It. He cau
tioned her that unless she told the
truth she could not stay In the lnstitu
tion two minutes. Shortly afterward j
Mrs. Williams saw Gould at the asy
lum. Gould called her into the office
and asked her why she told Dr. Chris
tal of the affair when she had written j
to him (Gould). He said he did not
believe her statement, and made
threats that If she did not keep quiet
h^ would give her a long vacation.
Gould tried to shake Mrs. Williams'
testimony by a number of questions
and asked if he hnd not said that Dr.
Sponogle and he had arrived at the
conclusion lhat there was no truth In
the statement. At this time Gould was
called before the State Lunacy Com
mission and White took his place in
the board.
Mrs. Williams explained the position
of Tourtillott, Mrs. Madigan and her
self on the morning in question. She
had told Dr. Christal of Tourtillott be
ing in the female ward because Dr.
Christal waa In charge of thnt ward.
Hale then took a hand in the ques
tioning. He asked when Mrs. Williams
was married nnd wanted to see h»r !
marriatre certiliente; also who per- i
formed the ceremony and whether she j
had seen the marriage license. Will- j
iama answered this question for his i
wife. He said they were married in j
San Francisco on September 8, 1897, by
a Justice of the Peace. The license was
procured from "Cupid" Danforth, and
was a matter of record in San Fran
cisco County.
Mrs. Williams said the lights were
out in the corridor at the time she dis
cerned Tourtillott and Mrs. Madigan.
Hale doubted whether it was light
enough to see distinctly at f>:3o o'clock
in the morning in the middle of Octo
ber. The calendar was consulted and !
it showed that on October 1R the sun
rose at 6:18 o'clock.
About two months after her mar
riage Mrs. Williams informed Dr.
Christal and Dr. Sponogle of the fact.
She said they had gone up to San Fran
cisco on her day off, got married and
returned the next day.
At this point Williams, who was art-
Ing a.s counsel for his wife, attempted
to question her, but Hale gagged him.
He held that during the absence of
Gould, who represented Tourtillott,
Williams had no right to question the
witness. White said Williams had as
much right as Gould to question the
witness, as he was her husband and
counsel. Williams was not granted the
privilege.
Mrs. Williams further stated that one
night Mrs. Madigan's light was burning
at 12 o'clock, and Night "Watchman
Kerns told Miss Fogarty to turn out
the light. At 5 o'clock the next morn-
ing Mrs. Madlgan returned to her
room. She often went to her room at
that hour. About the month of Janu
ary Mrs. Madigan confided to Mrs. Wil
liams that she and Tourtlllott were
married. This was in explanation of
their conduct, and Mrs. Madigan asked
Mrs. Williams not to mention it to any
one.
Mrs. Z. B. White had been employed
at the asylum for two years. She had
never seen Tourtillott in the woman's
ward near Mrs. Madigan's room. When
Mrs. Williams was discharged she told
the witness that her knowledge of the
acts of Mrs. Madigan and Tourtillott
had been the cause of her dismissal.
The witness never saw anything about
Mrs. Madigan or Tourtillott that was
improper. She stated positively that
j she knew nothing of the matter. She
had no recollection of having remarked
to Mrs. Williams that the Madigan-
Tourtillott scandal was common talk
about the building. Miss Rose Ryan,
an attendant, knew nothing of the af
fair before the board. She denied
ever having been sent by Miss Royse
to Tourtillotfs rocim to tell Mrs. Madi
gan to go to her own room.
Miss Rose Ryan further testi
fied that she knew nothing about either
Tourtillott or Mrs. Madigan that was
not to their credit.
Dr. Sponogle testified that his recol
lection of the story Mrs. Williams told
him In October did not agree with that
told to the board. She had told him
that she thought it was Mr. Tourtillott
whom she had seen, but was not posi
tive.
"I also asked her," continued the wit
ness, "if she had seen him at any other
time at the came place, and she ans
wered that she had not."
To a question of Director Upham the
witness replied that he had not heard
of a report from any other person, and
added that the accused always had the
reputation of being a lady and a gen
tleman, respectively, in every regard.
In response to Director Hale, Dr.
Sponogle said that after he had been
told of the affair by Mrs. Williams, Mr.
Hale had given him instructions to
have the nlghtwatches keep a sharp
lookout for a repetition of the occur
rence. He had done so. but nothing
further had been reported to him. He
had then investigated the matter close
ly, but had been unable to obtain any
evidence from any other source.
Director Hale corroborated the latter
part of Dr. Sponogle's testimony. Un
der cross-examination by Mr. Williams,
who was allowed to appear as a cour
tesy, Dr. Sponogle stated he did not
remember that Mrs. Williams had told
him she had informed Nightwatchman
Kerns of the early morning meeting
with Tourtillott.
"Did she ever tell you," continued
Williams, "that she had seen Mr. Tour
tillott and Mrs. Madigan together in
the laundry? I think before we get
through we will be able to show that
this is a fact."
The witness replied in the negative.
"Didn't she say that she did not want
it to go any further, as she did not
want to make any trouble for Mr.
Gould, who was a friend of hers?"
asked Williams.
To this Dr. Sponogle made an evasive
reply, which caused Williams to re
mark:
"It seems that this Institution has
been terrified to such an extent that
every one lias to guard his tongue, nnd
the truth is not so important to them
as their bread and butter."
Dr. Sponogle further testified that he
had reported the matter to the chair
man of the Management Committee,
Mr. Could, but had not reported it to
any other member of the board.
Williams wn.s frequently interrupted
In his cross-examination by Gould's
and Hale's objections, which were in
variably sustained by Chairman Cur
now, notwithstanding that whenever
Williams offered any objections to mat
ter clearly irrevelant he was overruled
by the Chairman. Gould brought out
the opinion from Dr. Sponogle that the
work of Tourtillott had always been
satisfactory and that his conduct had
been the same. Witness had never
heard the moral character of Tourtil
lott questioned before this accusation
was made and he added that he did not
believe the statement made by Mrs.
Williams.
"State to the board," requested Mr.
Gould, "what the mental condition of
Mrs. Williams was during the latter
months of her employment here."
This brought an objection from Wil
liams, who informed the board that he
had recommendations from the offi
cials of the institution as to her com
petency, moral character, intelligence
and truthfulness. He was not allowed
to offer them in evidence, though
Chairman Curnow admitted he had
given Mrs. Williams such recommenda
tion. Williams added that if his wife's
sanity was in question at any time dur
ing her employment it was clearly the
duty of the board to have discharged
her.
At this point Gould gave the cue to |
the chairman to apply the gag to Wil- j
Hams, and it was duly and promptly
done. Dr. Sponogle continued:
"I think she acted peculiarly at times.
I think she passed eight months or a
little longer in this way. She im
agined she had become a great news
paper writer, and at other times she
thought she had become quite a singer.
She also tried to become a great pen
man, and instead of retiring in
the morning when her duties were
over she would practice penmanship.
From observing these peculiarities I
thought it was undesirable ior her to
remain in this institution. I did not
think that with her family history she
would be benefited in this institution.
Her mother had died in an asylum, but
of her father I know nothing."
This was all brought out by the
questioning of Gould.
Williams asked the witness If he had
not promised to give Mrs. Williams a
recommendation, and if he had not
stated that* she was conpetent. faith
ful and truthful. Dr. Sponogle made
no answer.
F. P. Kerns, the ni^ht watchman,
testified that he had never seen any
thing blameworthy in the conduct of
either Mr. Tourtillott or Mrs. Madlgan.
Dr. J. F. Christal testified that Mrs.
Williams had told him of the Tour
tillott-Mr.d'^an 1» Ident two ays after
it had occurred, and that he had re
ported it to Dr. Sponogle.
Tourtillott and Mrs. Madigan were
called to the stand and made general
denials of all the charges.
Mrs. E. Templeton, Mrs. Watkins. H.
A. Braden and Miss Julia Creighton,
all employes of 'he asylum, testified to
the good character and reputation of i
the accused, and also that of Mrs.
Williams. They knew nothing of the
alleged misdoings of the accused.
Detective Erwln Frost said Williams
had come to him to get his services in |
the case. Williams wanted to force the [
managers to reinstate his wife, so that :
he could go East and study law. Frost i
said Williams put him on the track of !
certain things against Dr. Sponogle,
which, if true, ought to cause the doc
tor to leave the State. Williams had no
money to pay the witness and agreed
to liquidate the Indebtedness as soon
as Mrs. Williams got at work again.
It was during Frost's examination
that Williams and his wife left the
room and departed for home.
Chairman Curnow declared the case
closed, and intimated that he desired
the board to go at once into executive
session to decide the matter, though
Williams had asked previously for the
opportunity to produce additional wit
nesses whom he had not been able to
reach, owing to the extremely short
time he had been given to notify them.
Gould pleaded to have another witness
examined, and his wish was not rain
said.
F. A. McDonald, an employe, was
called He stated that Mrs. Williams
had told him that she was sorr- that
she had gone into the matter, but that
she had been urged to do so by her hus
band.
Last of all, when nearly every one
had left the room, came the attack on
Mrs. Williams' reputation. It was made
by Miss Louise Bambauer. She stated
that Mrs. Williams had confided to her
that she was infatuated with Mr. Tour
tillott and that she had desired the
witness to bring about a meeting be
tween herself and Tourtillott. She
added that she thought Mrs. Williams
had brought about this "disturbance"
in the hope that Mrs. Madigan would
be sent away and "she would then have
absolute control." Miss Bambauer con
cluded her testimony and the farce of
bearing witness to the good character
of the accused.
Gould moved for an executive ses
sion, but his motion received no second.
On motion of Hale, an adjournment
was taken until Thursday morning at
10 o'clock.
REQUEST A REDUCTION
OF THE ASSESSMENT
Officials of the North Pacific Coast
Railroad Appear Before the
State Equalizers.
SACRAMENTO. July 26.— The San
Francisco and North Pacific Coast Rail
road, operating steamers from San Fran
cisco to Sausalito and a railroad thence
THE EMPORIUM.
Hi
BARGAIN DAYS RESUMED I
♦
7//£ /T//257 (MOR3£I3{G" S<ALE FOT{ THT{EE *
WEEKS OCCURS TO-T><AY. |
A T>o{en Brilliant Bargains from Various Depart- J
ments to Crowd the Store with Morning Shoppers. *
There is but one purpose in these morning sales. ♦
Two-thirds of our large business is now transacted i
■ between the hours of 2 and 6P.M. We want to <*
equalize this business — make it easier for our clerks ♦
and incomparably easier and more pleasant for our q>
patrons. If you plan one morning shopping expedi- * .
tion and see how nice it is you'll always come dur- ' |J, : "'
ing the early hours. Try it to-day— 9 to 12. «
Shirt Waist Sale- -9 to 12." |
Remember that these prices are for *
three hours only — this (Wednesday) J
morning— not to-morrow — *
y^b to-day. %
\Y All 509 New Shirt Waists. ..... . .33c *
>g3S&ms\ All 7sc New Shirt Waists .48c ■$
# to-day. New Shirt Waists 69c I
All $oc New Shirt Waists 33c *
All 7^c New Shirt Waists 48c J
All $1.00 New Shirtwaists 69c *
MWsm§W All $1.2? New Shirt Waists 89c i
- All-si.*o-New Shirt Waists 98c %
All $1.7? New Shirt Waists'. .... $1.15 *
/f^^lk All $2 00 New Shirt Waists. $1.39 j
/! " All $2.^0 New Shirt Waists $1.69 %
3 Cakes Soap .P.-jfViS''' Boys' Pants Boys' Knee I
loc - 9 to 12. Toi Sbjg.vj.ly 99 C -9 to 12. nevvF ; llst J
/Vl ! a fa gsk refreshing to —brown, blue or gray mixed «
(■V^r'''^ the skin, three i Cassimeres — taped seams — *J
AwYJK&^J^X cakes in a box str onaly sewed— perfect fitting*
[yd&Ss:^ 500 boxes wHI _ sjze " s > 4to 16 years-alto- ?
X/^ VO " / "'" TT M f or the 3 hours gether the best Knee Pants bar- J
to-day, per l ox 7 j gain you ever heard of at the ♦
• ' c price. For 3 hours this 4 q *
— morning, per pair >/C
Zftr Df^o-nnal*; Strictly All-wool *
SUC Wide . wals Di GUgscs Tumblers Ilk, ?
33C— 9 to /2. onals, 50 inches Jelly Classes pi ctur c, cover- *
wide. Navy Blue only, indigo dye, , 20c 002. — 9 W 1 2. Ed or uncov *
regularly sold and an excellent value i ere d zoo £ ■■ •*.
at 50c a' yard. Will be sold from ~~ I enou? ' h for cv . • J
9to 12 to-day at JJt i cry-day use on <f >n /^Hfe 5
the table, the "< — -^j --'-^ 1 <•
: TaMe Linen Heavy Bleached j very thing you I .«..,}jj^/5 >J
1 able Linen Table Damaskf want now to i, M P. lij. *
* 31c— 9to 12. guaranteed pure ; P"t up i-'^s M,k » ijf -J
■flax, full 62 inches wide, four good j and jams. For H,, ,-JW M fis «
' patterns from which to make selec- ; 3 hours only WuM 1 MiiUii^ *
i tion, our special 45c value. For 0 \ this morning: <
I 3 hoursto-davcmto , 31c Uncovered Glasses 20c dozen j
1 5 Covered Glasses 25c doze** "*
► • ,^^____^^.^_ A'
I . ■ • «
I Groceries— Liquors. Ladies , f^-. *
\ ,J p } cia l Price , %!'* i or Collars 1
I Wednesday, and Thursday (>( > i _ 9 t 0 Jpii|Bl\ %
I only. \,2. W^W)\ {
► Choice Eastern Hams— best f t 600 Ladies' ij^iW /'♦
k —reeularly 13c lb— for MC 4 . ply Linen /" tr T^*' > ♦
I Best Maine Corn— regularly 13c |n stylish Stand- X < %i,'' «
■ can— for **JC in^ Collars— L_^Jr *•'.
I Golden Rule Coffte— regularly -- [Ike the one in j] \J *■
k 30c lb— for picture-will be «
k Wood Lawn Maple Syrup— reg- QQ j p U t on sale this <<&^^>fuf^\ «
k ularly Si. 16 gallon-tor " Oc ! morning, 9to Ja^KStfi \v\ J
► Rex "Diamond C" Soap-while or | ,2>, 2> at fe> y /fm^Jr V' ) *
k supply lasts 14 tor /DC j I2 ' 1 AW^P/ /^ / *'
£ Choice White Wine— for two Ar 1 /i_ ' ('Will // J *
£ days-gallon... 45c 2 C. /f /|>/ ( ?/ ( " J
l Fine Zinfandel Wine — for two _-. <*
\ days— gallon 5Uc *
i Muscatel Sweet Wine— ior* f Sewing Silk c Pure dye Sewing *
» two days — gallon » ' Silk, jounce spools 2i
» Domestic Stout— for two days *t nn JUC — 9 10 12. —in Dlack and J
k — dozen 4>>.UU white oniy — Letters A, B, C and D — 4
k Cutter's A No. 1 Whiskey— „_ regularly 20c a spool. For three .-. '^
* regularly $1 bottle OOC hours this morning cut t0.... \\JC *■
' ■ " ♦
* TH4.i/>4 C^WiArory After finishing your shopping this morning take * :
» 1 ricU VvlllLJCVCll lunch at the Cafe ur.der the Dome. The dam- *.
► O^> X T) *' e ? t: serv ' cc m tne cc ' tv at popular prices. In ad- ♦
* Z,OC — - 1 0- Day . dition to the regular menu to-day we will serve "♦'
, • Fried Chicken ala Maryland for 25c a portion. "#
» . '. • «
! ™ Ooldegiitule Bazaar.
I CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA GRANDEST TORE. >•
V _i . _ ■ _ _ _ 1*
through Marln, Sonoma and Mendocino |
counties, a total trackage of 194. C> miles.
■wns assessed by the State Board 01
Equalization last year at $1,935,00).
The railroad statement for 189S values
the roadway, roadbed and rails of the
road at $973,250. and rolling stock at $238.
160. For the year ending December 31,
IS.!, the earnings of the road were $<?05.
660 32. expenses $.".17,031 11; net $258.fi29 21.
The payments were: Interest $204,315,
bonds redeemed $60,000, dividends $60,000. |
A. W, Foster, president and general
manager, and Thomas Mrllersh. secretary
of the road, appealed to the Btate Board
of Equalization this morning for a re
duction of 13 per cent of the road's aa-
Rt-ssment from that of last year. In sup
port of the application Mr. Mellersh pre
All big mer) are full of the big powers. They are full of vin> (
They do a good day's work with pleasure. They do not feel weak.
They feel able to do anything they may be called on to accomplish.
Soroe of nature's duties cannot be accomplished unless there is life
and fire In the system. Your brain does not act well wl^en you are
Weak- Your rouscles do not work well. You do nothing well. But|
"Hudyan" corses to your relief. "Hudyan" has roade 21,000 roer>
strong- It foas saved them from gloom. It has shown then) that
life might be a pleasure. If you will ask about it free circulars and
testimonials are gladly sent you. And no cent of expense is yours
Ask for medical advice. That Is free, too. Why not be full of fireiJ
the vlri) of youth — again ?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE. Stockton, tolwt asd EUjs Sts. San Francisco.
THE EMPORIUM.
sented figures by which to show that the
road had been unequally assessed and
that it in proportion paid more than other
classes of property. The road last year
paid the State and counties $36,500 for
taxes. The proportion of tax to the gross
receipts per $100 was $4 46 and the pro
portion of tax to expenses per $100 was
$7 37.
Equalizer Chesebrough said mat the
counties and not the State were respon
sible for the road's increase of percent
ages of taxes in proportion to the gross
receipts.
Mr. Mellersh admitted this to be fact,
but said that the State board was the
only power that could give relief. He
contended that his road was entitled to '
a reduction of 15 per cent, if not 25 per
cent.
56
WEDNESDAY JULY 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts^ S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS ...217 to SSI Stevensan Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) f
•erved by carriers In t bis city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a we«<. By mall $6 per year; par montfc
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.7T ...Om ysar, by mall. $1.80
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildlaft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RlftA* Bom*
C C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqaett* Bntldlag
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street, corner Clay, i
open until 930 o'clocK- 367 Hayes street, open until !
9-.30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 ,
o'clocK- 616 LarKJn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2519
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- 106 Eleven tl)
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, epea !
until 9:30 o'clocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana '
Kantuclty streets, open until 9 o'clock j
AMUSEMENTS*
ColmnWa— "A Gallant Surrender."
Alcaxar— "East Lynne-
Moroeeo'B— -The Two Orphans"
Tlvoll— "The Besrgar Student."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zi >o, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 818-pouna Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Speolaitlos.
futro'B Baths— Swimming-.
El Campo— llusic, dancing.boatlnr, flshln*. erery Sunday.
Excnralon to S.nta Cruz— Sunday, July 8L
AUCTION SALE&
By H. J. Leutholti— Friday. July 39, Candy Store, at Ml Market
Btrtet, at 11 o'clock.
WHERE MILES LANDED.
ZZJ VER since the beginning of the war The Call
has made an intelligent study of the situation.
* It has not only printed accurate news from the
front, but has endeavored with more than gratifying
success to foreshadow the outcome of army move
ments as indicated by the logic of events. Thus it
announced where, in its belief, General Miles would
land in Porto Rico, and had enough confidence in
its judgment to publish a picture of the place. The
picture was also accurate.
Circumstances sustained the conjecture. General
Miles had not announced his plans in advance. The
War Department had guarded them carefully, and
yet an analysis of the situation made plain that there
was only one course for him to pursue. The Call
merely assumed that he would follow this course, in
stead of attempting another, which could but result
in failure. It is not the habit of this paper to venture
haphazard guesses.
RESPECT FOR THE FLfIG.
ALL over the city the national colors have been
flying for months. The flag floats above pub
lic buildings, from lofty staffs without number
and in front of many residences it has been unfurled.
All this is gratifying. It shows an American spirit
aroused to expression by the crisis through which
the country is passing. But there is still something
lacking.
Many of the flags put in place weeks ago have
received no attention. Buffeted and tugged at by
the breezes during the day; they have been left out
at night, exposed to the fogs and mists. As a re
sult they have been soiled, and in instances not only
whipped to tatters, but the remains do not present to
the eye the inspiriting red, white and blue. On the
contrary, the colors have merged to a draggled
combination hardly suggesting the flag. This strikes
the observer as neglect.
There is no particular reason why the flag should
fly after night. Let it be on view during the day.
Let it catch the glint of the morning sun and throw
its shadow eastward when the sunset gun booms
at the Presidio. Then it should be taken down. To
see it flaunting torn, bedraggled and forgotten is
worse than not seeing it. The impression created
is that enthusiasm has passed, and that the impulse
which caused the flag to be run up was momentary.
Common sentiment protects the flag against dese
cration. It is forbidden that one should deface it.
And in exposing it to the elements to be shredded,
stained, raveled, to become only a hint of what it
was when first displayed, is a form of desecration.
NOT ASKING PERMISSION.
AGAIN there comes the report that the powers
of Europe will not permit the United States
to keep the Philippines. So far as known, this
country has not asked their permission. It does not
care what they desire, and will go ahead on the lines
which seem wisest, regardless of Kaiser, Czar or any
other variety of potentate.
There is a strong party in this country opposed to
the taking of the Philippines. They object to it as a
matter of policy. They think it contrary to the
spirit of the constitution. But even these do not
weigh the opinions of the "powers." They think, in
deed, that in attending to affairs which concern them
selves the powers will be amply employed. In com
mon with the rest of America, they resent the im
pertinence of interference. Perhaps the United
States will not keep the Philippines. It may be the
conservative element will prove dominant, and that
the impulse toward territorial expansion will never
get further than a vague and unformed ambition.
But there is one way in which Europe can force
the United States to keep the islands, and this is to
emphasize the dictum that the United States must
give them up. We are not looking for trouble.
There is no chip on our shoulder. The nation prays
for honorable peace. But there is not in all Europe
a nation big enough, nor a combination big enough,
to tell us what we shall do. This is our fight, un
sought It is American blood that Is being spent;
American money pays the cost of campaign. We
want no advice, and we will not tolerate orders.
Naturally enough the Spanish hare Deen relat
ing some of the rules of surrender. If there are
any rules they do not know about they have only to
be told of them and they will with the same cheerful
celerity violate these also.
John Sherman should not submit to interviews, and
his friends ought to guard him against the tempta
tion. There was a time when his opinion was of
value.
Cubans are now afraid of American annexation,
but if they were not scared about this they would be
torn by fears of something else.
The war has developed the singular and pleasing
fact that every regiment is a crack organization.
THfIT WOODLAND FELLOW.
THE editor of the Woodland Mall, who volun
teered to serve his country in a military ca
pacity, with a string to his patriotism, has been
left unnoticed, until he should fill out the catalogue
of his deficiencies in decency and good character.
In a recent issue of his paper he seems to have
finished the list, and we pay him now final attention.
He publishes a telegram sent to him from Carson
City, Nevada, dated July 23, as follows:
"Sam Leake of The Call asked his Carson cor
respondent to find out the names of the four Wood
land men who refused to muster in."
The editor thereupon says: "This demonstrates
the malignant spirit of this man Leake and the Budd
organ he is running. He seems bent on persecut
ing the Woodland men who defied his boss, Jim
Budd."
Now let this fellow take a look at nimself in the
mirror of the facts. On July 22 it was wired from
Carson that "six members of Company A failed to
muster in to-day, having skipped out. All of them
came from California originally."
Anxious to save the credit of California by spot
ting these six skulkers, and by getting their names
to make the responsibility personal and lift it from
the State, The Call wired its correspondent at Carson
this dispatch, see files of Western Union office :
"Davis, Carson, Nevada: Send particulars failure
members Company A to muster in, giving names and
places they came from. CALL."
This was filed at 12:30 a. m., the 23d. It made no
mention of Woodland or any place, even of the
State, and by using the word "places" proved that
no one place was in mind. The answer published
In our issue of the 23d gave the names of the men,
said they were hoboes, picked off brakebeams at
Reno and Winnemucca, who enlisted to get a few
square meals, and giving their residence as California.
This relieved the State of responsibility for the va
garies of a lot of tramps, and the incident closed, un
til it was reopened by the editor of the Mail, who
persists in showing a fellow feeling for skulkers by
taking up their cause and abusing all who rebuke
them.
To go back to his grievance. He was an enlisted
man in the Woodland company. The Governor of
California, by virtue of his legal authority, appointed
the officers of the company. This was seized as a
pretext by the editorial warrior to escape from the
service with a whole skin, which he seems to value
more highly than he does his country. Industrious
cultivation of discontent gained recruits to his pur
pose, and many members of the company refused to
be sworn into the Federal service, and were after
ward mustered out of the State militia. The Gov
ernor is the commander-in-chief of the National
Guard. He acted within hii plain grant of author
ity, and whether his act was distasteful or not to the
men, their oath required their obedience to it. If
the commander-in-chief had withdrawn his action
at their dictation, discipline would have been at an
end. He did just what the President has been called
on to do nearly every day since war was declared.
Not every private in the ranks is expected to be
pleased with the brigade and division officers desig
nated by the President, but a soldier's first duty is
obedience and he has to accept the officers ap
pointed over him by the final authority. Perhaps
no appointment was ever more strongly opposed than
that of Brigadier General Harrison Gray Otis. The
most bitter criticism of it came from California. But
the President made it, and The Call, which had given
the opposition a chance to be heard in Its columns,
at once set the example of good citizenship by cheer
ful acquiescence in the act of the final authority. The
editor of the Woodland Mail, under similar circum
stances, showed that in his makeup there is not a
single fiber of good citizenship, nor in all his blood
a drop that is reddened by patriotism. It is evident
that he enlisted in a spirit of vainglory, for the tem
porary titillation of the flattery of his neighbors, and
retreated on the first opportunity to back out of a
promise he had not the courage to keep. With
him. no doubt, went several gallant men whose sense
of duty was for the moment obscured by the griev
ance he invented and propagated. They were placed
in a painful position they will long rrgret, and which
their friends will gladly forget, if this scribbling
coward, who had not the courage to swap his scissors
for a sword, will permit the incident to pass into ob
livion. But the incorrigible poltroon seems deter-
mined to glorify his skulk into a virtue, by lying
: about The Call. If he be a patriot, if his enlist
i ment were in good faith, he has had opportunity to
1 p r ove it by re -enlisting in any other company. But,
■ omitting this proof, the world is warranted in the
: conclusion that the army is stronger for his absence
from the ranks and that civil life is degraded by his
return to it. His neighbors will long remember
when Dungan, the dunghill, went briefly into busi
ness as a gamecock, but soon skulked back to scratch
and crow in the same old place.
INDUSTRIAL DEMOCRACY,
f~\ T the present time we have among the political
/ \ factions of the United States a Conservative
* Democracy, a Bryanite Democracy, a Fusion
Democracy, a Populist Democracy and a Social
Democracy, not counting the Coxey Democracy
which still lingers in Ohio to some extent. Now
we are to have another Democracy, if certain Los
Angeles men have their way, for in that city there
has been started a movement to form an "Industrial
Democracy."
Under normal conditions an organization calling
itself "industrial" would be devoted to the pursuits
of industry. If it did not undertake some vast work
like the Nicaragua canal it would at least help its
votaries to get a job at fruit picking. At all haz
ards it would keep out of politics, for nothing is so
destructive to genuine industry as the political habit.
It might, therefore, be supposed that the proposed
Industrial Democracy is to be an association to pro
mote the industries of the land on the Democratic
plan of making every man his own boss, but that
supposition would be erroneous.
We do not live under normal conditions, or at
least Democracy is no longer normal. Coxey's army,
it will be remembered, called itself an "industrial
army," though its campaign began and ended in a
tramp, and its force dispersed when ordered by a
policeman in Washington to keep off the grass.
Therefore it will surprise none to learn that the pro
posed Industrial Democracy of Los Angeles is to
be, when organized, a political faction, and cherishes
the hope of eventually becoming a political party
with a candidate for the Presidency and every local
office.
The platform of the organization is one of the
kind designed to sweep everything of a public na
ture, except the streets. It calls for the public
ownership of all monopolies, including land and
trusts. Now, imagine a government owning a trust
and trying to make it work industrially. Next it
calls for entire civil service reform and "the ap
pointment of all officials on their merits for the par
ticular office in which there is a vacancy." Direct
legislation, the initiative and the referendum, propor
tional representation and the imperative mandate fol
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898,
low, as a matter of course. Every new party in
these days has to have those things, or it won't be
allowed to play.
Up to that point there is nothing in the platform
of principles that in the slightest degree refers to
work or industry. Just here, however, the framers
of the instrument seem to have had a second thought,
for in the typewritten copy of the circular sent to us
by the organizers there is at this point inserted with
pen and ink a fourth plank, demanding "immediate
employment of the unemployed upon public work."
For the rest the circular contents itself with an ap
peal to the people for support on the ground that
the time has come "for an honest declaratiop of is
sues that will deliver us from bondage to monopoly,
and from industrial and political practices that are
destroying the higher American life."
We have no desire to comment on the scheme as
a political movement. The more kinds of Democ
racy there are the merrier life is, and the less impor
tant is it to fight any of them, since they fight them
selves with such a Donnybrook gayety. But as an
industrial proposition we cannot forbear four words
of reproof t the thing won't work.
AN incontrovertible evidence of Judge Maguire's
political insincerity is furnished by his willing
ness to desert his post in Congress for a quest
of the Governorship of California. This he is bound
to do in the coming campaign, unless the Democrats
can discover some plan by which they can run him
for Governor and Congress at the same time. We
know of no instance in which this has been done, but
nothing is impossible to Democrats and Populists.
According to the Democratic leaders the great is
sue of the campaign will be the railroad funding
amendment, worked through Congress shortly be
fore adjournment by the übiquitous Huntington.
Now that that amendment is law we do not exactly
see how the Democrats are going to defeat it, but
this also may be one of the things which are not
impossible to the fusionists. To a rational man it
would seem that the only thing now to be done is
to await the action of the Funding Commission and
disagree with it
At all events, whatever the result, Judge Maguire
cannot, as Governor of California, defeat Hunting
ton. If, as his admirers fay, he is the bete noir
of the railroad magnate, his place is in Congress,
where he can occasionally meet and give the old
man a battle. Huntington visits this State once a
year, and then only for the purpose of looking over
his property. Unless Judge Maguire calls at the
yellow building during office hours and sends in his
card, he will never even see the millionaire, much
less be presented with an opportunity of meeting him
in forensic contest.
The truth of the matter Is, Judge Maguire, like
all demagogues, is ready at any moment to abandon
important work anywhere for a fat office. He has
no stomach for fighting Huntington-s Central Pa
cific funding schemes when there is a desirable office
In prospect. His predominant instinct is place
hunting, and no sacrifice of principle or neglect of
duty is too great to appall him. If Maguire were
a man of steadfast purpose, devoted to the mainte
nance of the principles upon which he has founded
all the reputation he possesses, he would stay in Con
gress and fight Huntington, Instead of seeking an
office in which his chief duty will consist of appoint
ing notaries and jobbing in patronage. His anxious
desire to make a change at this time is proof positive
that he knows no duty except the duty of at all
times getting, if possible, into the best office in
sight.
SPAIN'S DESIRE FOR PEACE.
\A ADRID dispatches announce that immense
/ \ importance is attached there to the recent
* * statement of Secretary Day favoring peace
on terms that would enable the Spanish Government
to avoid the necessity of continuing a war of despair.
Spain, it is said, is keenly eager to find an opportun
ity for opening peace negotiations, and will gladly
profit by the first that occurs. The recent repre
sentation made to the President by the French Min
ister confirms the report, and proves that Spain is
really eager for peace.
As a matter of fact, what Spain needs at this time
is some official who will tell her plainly it is time
to quit. It will be remembered that when the Maine
was blown up in Havana harbor, the •seaman on
watch, a certain Bill Anthony, as soon as the shock
was over, walked quietly up to the officer in charge
and with the formal naval salute said: "Excuse
me, sir; I have to report that the ship is blown up
and is sinking."
Doubtless the officer in charge was well aware of
the fact from personal observation, but it was grati
fying to him to have it announced in the regular
way, so that he could act upon it officially without
disarranging the etiquette of the navy. What Spain
lequires at this juncture is some straightforward Bill
Anthony, who will report in due form to the Queen
Regent and her Prime Minister that the nation is
blown up and is sinking. With such a report be
fore them, they would be able to deal wisely with
the situation without an infraction of the high re
quirements of Spanish honor and punctilio.
A proposition coming from our Government for
the opening of negotiations looking toward the re
storation of peace would be absurd. We have every
thing to gain by pushing the war vigorously, and
nothing to expect from an armistice. In all our
dealings with the Spanish Government in reference
to Cuban affairs, the Madrid officials showed them
selves past masters in the art of diplomatic evasion,
delay and tergiversation. They could give us cards
and spades and beat us at the game. It was not
until the ultimatum of war was given that we at
tained a superiority over them.
With that experience fresh In our minds we can
hardly be expected to agree to an armistice for fur^
ther negotiations. When Spain sues for peace in
the proper manner it will be forthcoming. In the
meantime the Spanish Government should take note
that the nation is sinking, and that if it desires to
save anything from the wreck it must act at once.
That Miss Schley should have been sent out of
Spain is altogether proper. She went there to see
the Queen Regent and discuss affairs of state. That
she was quietly requested to make herself scarce, in
stead of being conducted to the Lorder and ordered
to skip, is the first indication there has been of an
effort on the part of the Spanish to be polite.
Colorado is another State which resents the official
report that it was lax in offering the number of vol
unteers asked of it. As a matter of fact, the only
trouble with Colorado was that many more men of
fered their services than there was a place for.
It is to be hoped that Miles will waste no time
in splicing cables so as to talk with Washington.
The war in the West Indies has been marked by a
surplus of conversation.
Camara is to take refuge at Ceuta. It is fortunate
there is something a Spanish admiral can take.
MAGUIRE'S INSINCERITY.
THE CARPENTER MYSTERY-EXIT LOCHNER,
The second act of the little police comedy based upon the tragic murder
of Mrs. Sadie Carpenter was performed at the Coroner's Court yesterday,
and the result was, as everybody anticipated, the triumphant acQuittal of
Joseph Lochner. That is to say, Lochner was acquitted as far as it is pos
sible for a man who has never been charged with an offense. Though in
custody, he was legally free, yet practically, owing to the devious pol
methods of administration, he was on his trial before a Jury for the crime
of murder.
The man, who has endured his anomalous position with wonderful pa
tience, realized this himself. He actually took the trouble to address
Jury in his own defense, a proceeding which was entirely unnecessary,
considering the complete ruin into which the police case against hw
fallen. He pointed out, with logical clearness, that he had absolutely no
motive for committing such a crime; he had never even had a quarrel
with Mrs. Carpenter, but had always lived on the best of terms with hei
Further, if robbery had been his motive, where were the missing watch
and the money supposed to have been in the murdered woman's purse?
They were certainly not on his person when arrested, and he had had no
time to dispose of these incriminating articles.
The fact that the night clerk did not notice Loohner come home that
evening does not count for much, because night clerks in an establish
ment of this kind are frequently busy away from their offices. Indeed, the
evidence showed that this particular clerk used often to make up the beds
at night. Therefore, there is nothing to controvert Lochner's statement
that he came home late and went straight to bed. In support of It we have
evidence showing that at the time of the murder he was undressed. At
first the police claimed that Lochner could not have had time to dress be
tween his awakening by the night clerk and the arrival of the police. But,
on the other hand, we have the evidence of two men in the saloon opposite,
to whom Lochner announced the murder, wearing a nightgown, over which
hia clothes had been hastily thrown. It does not take an active man
long to throw on a pair of trousers and a coat, and we may reasonably as
sume that Lochner had ample time in which to hurriedly dress himself.
This clothing question deserves much more attention than the police
have placed upon it. Mrs. Riley, whooccupied the room next to Sadie Car
penter's, states positively that twenty minutes after the scuffle was over
she heard the door of the murdered woman's room slammed and footsteps
as of a person wearing creaking boots proceed down the passage. How far
the steps went she could not be sure, but as the hallway turns at a right
angle at the corner of Lochner's room, she could only have heard them for
a short distance, whether the man went Into that room or took his way
down the stairs.
Now, if this was Lochner, he must have been fully dressed, for It is ab
surd to Imagine a man putting on a pair of creaking boots and nothing else
in order to slip from one room to another, over a few yards of hallway.
But the point need not be discussed further. I have definitely settled the
fact that Lochner did not wear creaking boots on the night in question.
Boots that creak must be new and in good condition; hence the popular
saying that squeaking shoes have not been paid for.
Talking to Lochner in the courtroom yesterday, I asked him, casually,
•what kind of boots he wore that night. "The pair I have on now," he re
plied readily, "I have no others." I looked at the shoes. They were very
old and very shabby, and had but the merest pretense of worn-out soles.
Anything less likely to creak could hardly be imagined.
This settles the question. It was not Lochner who slammed the door and
creaked his way along the passage. If it was another man he must have
either made his way down the stairs, or else have concealed himself some
where in the house. In either case it was strange that the night clerk did
not see any one, for we are told by Mrs. Rlley that she found him in his
office shortly after the event. Could a man, carrying a large bundle, have
passed unobserved and made his way into the Btreet? Mrs. Anderson, the
mother of the murdered woman, made a very significant statement yester
day, though it did not appear In evidence. She asserts positively that most
of her daughter's best dresses are missing, aa well as her watch, and other
minor articles. But most Important of all, a very gorgeous silk bedspread
Is gone. Mrs. Anderson is absolutely sure her daughter would never have
parted with this elaborate lace trimmed article, because once she refused
an offer of forty dollars for it. All these things, if done up together, would
have made a very big parcel, a parcel so large that the improbability of
any one carrying it unobserved out of the house at such an hour in the
morning is very great.
This bedspread, conspicuous and easily recognizable, furnishes us with a
most valuable clew, and the man who finds it will have advanced far to
ward solving the mystery. If robbery was the only motive, he must have
been a daring thief who, after murdering a woman, ventured to carry such
a noticeable bundle away with him. If the things were not removed from
the house, they ought to have been found long ago. Had the police acted
promptly, and taken reasonable methods at the outset, much might have
been discovered ere this.
Of course It is easy to reason after the event, but that is no excuse for
blunders. Let us Imagine the course a skilled detective would have pur
sued if called on to follow up such a case. He would certainly have asso
ciated Lochner with the crime, but then he would have done it in a scienti
fic way. He would have treated the man purely as a witness, examined
him closely, but would never have allowed him to suppose for a moment
that he was suspected of complicity. Instead of shutting him up in prison
where he could furnish no possible clew, he would have left him at liberty'
under close and skillful espionage. In short, he would have given Lochner
plenty of rope, never letting him know that he was watched. If the man
had been guilty of the offense, he would have been sure, sooner or later to
betray himself; he would have been compelled to take some steps to disDose
of the stolen articles.
The loss of the clothing, and especially the bedspread, should have been
ascertair i long ago, and the whole house shoulu have been clo«, P ly
searched tor the things. If not within the building, then every pawn shin
and second-hand dealer's store should have boen ransacked- the detectives
should have known no rest until they discovered the stolen property
Probably it is now too late to follow up this lin of investigation >r
one will douot that Captain Less has bungled, and worst of all he h
bungled in an illegal manner, openly defying the constitution ThY ,h a r
is, unless abler hands take up the work, that the murder w \ a-LJ! f
place in the annals of crime as one of the unsolved mysteries
r _ J. F. ROSE-SOT.pv
THE SPIRIT OF THE UNION.
Respectfully dedicated to Lincoln Post, No. 1, G. A. R in re
tion of its manly conduct to tne handful of "Rebs." pavine- thH° 1
diers' last tribute to the hero of the war.
The following- patriotic poem was read by Major Otey the well knnwr,
Confederate officer, at the high jinks of the Bohemian Club eighteen 1
ago. Aside from its loyal ring, it is interesting by reason of its D lh!
which is fulfilled in these war times. tS *> ro P h ecy.
Along the Rappahannock two mighty armies lay;
One displayed the loyal blue, the other wore the gray
Yet the sentries hailed each other, when the autumn day was don«
Then brother asked for brother, and father asked for son
For in that mighty struggle that reft our native land
How many brave hearts perished beneath a kindred hand!
How many loving mothers at night knelt down to pray
That God would watch their boys In blue, and save the ones In gray!
And here beside the river, with its peaceful flowing tide.
The sons of a loving mother were camped on either side.
Who spoke of home and kindred across the tranquil stream
While their eyes put on a far-off look, like people in a dream.
Their voices, too, grew tender, as they spoke of bygone years-
And every word was freighted with almost boyish tears.
At length the words were uttered: "Is mother alive and well?"
"She Is!" "Thank God!" across the stream in tender accents fell.
And thus they, talked of boyhood, as on the banks they lay-
While far off in the glinting the bands began to play.
One played "Off to Dixie," to fight with Massa Lee;
Another played "The Starry Flap " from the mountains to the sea.
And then the heart's full tribute went up to heaven's dome,
As the bands along the line swelled out "Home, Sweet Home."
Then from those mighty armies, in a chorus wild and grand.
Rang out, "Three cheers for horne — God bless our native iand!"
Their honest eyes grew brighter, while the welkin rang with cheers;
Their faces (not less manly) became bedewed with tears
Wore that night a happier look, as they grasped each other's hand.
In that noble first-born Union, love for their native land.
A Union that's grown stronger with them through changing yearn-
That some review with honest pride, and others see through tears—
A Union firm cemented throughout the land to-day
For the boys in blue are building homes for those who wore the gray.
And In our old Virginia home our mother wears to-day
A knot of ribbons on her breast, of colors blue and gray,
Beside her sits a veteran, who fought with Robert Lee,
While his brother's bones are resting where Sherman reached the sea.
But when you speak of Union her face lights up with pride
And her hands rest on the curly heads that are playing at her side
And she tells of her dead hero, with a mother's fond regret
And of her rebels, little boys. "Who'll protect the Old Flag yet."
LEES AND HIS STAR CHAMBER.
Alameda Encinal, July 26.
It is a good thing that there is one
paper In San Francisco which has the
courage to attack the star chamber and
secret inquisition methods of Chief Lees.
The "small book" and the secret cells of
"the tanks," wherein men are locked up
for days at a time without being allowed
to communicate with friends, have for
years been a disgrace to the Police De
partment of San Francisco. Like the
"sweating" system to which suspects are
subjected in order to ascertain what the
astute police are unable to discover of
their own motion, they have no founda
EX-CONFEDERATE.
ton in law or decency, and it is high
time that these medieval methods were
relegated to the dark ages. They misjht
have been excusable in Australia^ where
Lees is said to have had h!s first police
experience, l.ut they are out of place in
this day and generation. The Call is de
serving of great credit for having at
tacked one of the worst abuses in San
Francisco.
THE FIRST DOUBLE-DECKER.
The nrst double deck ship built in
England was the Great Harry, con
structed in 1309 by order of . enrv VIII.
It was 1000 tons burden, and cost $70,000.
a Bum worth more In those days than
$600,000 now.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. C. A. Devlin of Vallejo is at the
Baldwin.
Mrs. J. Philip Erie of Los Angeles is a
guest at the Palace.
L. J. Maddox, a prominent attorney of
Modesto, is registered at the Grand.
Arthur Lesynsky, a merchant of Stock
ton, registered at the Palace yesterday.
Sam V. Rucker, prominent In politics in
San Jose, is among the late arrivals at tha
Palace.
C. R. Scott of Portland and Samuel "Wil
son of Seattle are among the guests at the
Occidental.
C. H. Lux of San Jose camo up from the
Garden City yesterday and is a guest at
the Occidental.
James McCudden. the Government con
tractor at Mare Island navy yard, ac
companied by his daughter, registered at
the Baldwin, from Vallejo, yesterday.
Douglas S. Cone, the Red Bluff banker.
Is at the Palace. He is one of the big
gest ranchers in the State, owning some
50,000 acres of land near his home.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of the
Southern Pacific Company is away on his
annual inspection of the road under his
control. He is accompanied by Superin
tendents Agler. Wright, Burkhalter and
Noble. Each superintendent has his resi
dent engineer with him. The party will
travel eastward to Ogden and will con
sume some ten days in their work.
CALIFOKNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. July 26 -Charles L..
Franklin of San Francisco is at the Hoff
man. Dr. D. D. Crowley of Oakland la
at the Fifth Avenue. General W. A. Ris
tenpart and F. W. Clarke of San Francis
co are at the Impprial.
■ ♦ ■ —
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
UNITED STATES AND RUSSIA— G.
L.., City. In the reports if or 1897 are found
the following figures in bushels of th©
grain products of the United States and
of Russia: United States-Corn, 2.160,000;
wheat, 412 000,000; oats, ,000.000: rye, 24,
000.000; barley, 76.000.000; buckwheat, 14,
077X00. Russia— Aggregate of wheat, rye,
1 barley, oats and various other grain:
European Russia, 95.273,000: Poland. 14,
612,000; Western Siberia,; 12,600,000.
LIGHTHOUSE SERVICE— Furor. City.
The lighthouse department Is under civil
service rule. Those who wish to enter
that service must undergo the examina
tion. The positions and; salaries at light
houses are: Keeper, $800 a year; first,
second and third assistants, $600, $550 and
$500 There are employes on the tender,
with salaries ranging from $180 to $360.
The next examination will be in the tall.
Make application at the lighthouse de
partment in this city j for application
I blanks. I *>
ROOT KNOT AND BLUE STONE—
Henry A. Brainard, editor of the Pa
cific Tree and Vine, San Jose, writes as
follows on the subject of blue stone solu
tion in the treatment of root knot: "I
write to caution against the use of blue
stone solution in the treatment of root
knot except when the trees are perfectly
dormant. If applied to a freshly cut sur
face of the root while the tree has leaves
the solution is taken into the circulation
. and many trees have thus been killed.
The Bordeaux mixture, composed of a
solution of blue stone and milk of lime,
may be used without harm, even In sum
mer, and it appears to have a good ef
fect." ■ j
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY— L.
D., Camp Merritt, City.! j*.* the time that
I George Washington was born, In Febru
| ary, 1732, the old style or Julian calendar
1 was in use by Great Britain. The colo-
I nies being under British rule, that -cal-
I endar prevailed, consequently Washing
| ton was born on the 11th of that month.
In 1751 Great Britain adopted the Grego
rian calendar, and In the colonies as well
as elsewhere where English rule pre
vailed dates were . changed •to conform
with the new order of thing's, and as
; tnere were eleven days' difference in the
; calendar at that time, the date of Wash
ington's birthday was ! advanced to the
22d. and it has since then been the recog
nized day of his birth.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ »
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"I really don't blame these mature ac
tresses who want to play Juliet," the
Cummtnsville Sage said. "Though Juliet
Is supposed to look about 14 there Is no
doubt that she behaved like sixty." — Cin
cinnati Enquirer.
:■ ♦ ■
! "Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures "Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs,
Wlnslow*s Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
— — :—: — ♦ »
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at • new ticket offlc*
of th" Santa Fe route at 628 Market St. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. will pay
you to Investigate.
TO PORTLAND. OREGON. 48 hours. First
cabin. $12; second-class, JS, including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia, 2000 tons,
July 10. IS, 26, August 3. Steamship State of
California, 1500 tons. July 14, 22, 30, August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. 12, 10 a. m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific coast. A cool and delightful summer
trip; exhilarating sea air. The public is wel
come and invited to visit these ships while In
port. Office 630 Market street.
■ ♦ »
CORONADO— Atmosphere la perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely f free from th»
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
I at the Hotel del Coronado, $60: longer stay,
$2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st,
S. F.. or E. S. BABCOCK. Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
: . ■<» . .
Nk»i/ect your hair and you lose it. Pabkkh's
Hair Balsam renews the growth and color.
Pabkkr's Ginokr Tonic strengthens the weak.
i HORSES KILLED IN BULLFIGHTS
The average number of horses killed
in Spanish bullfights every year exceeds
5000, while from 1000 to 1200 bulls axe sac
rificed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VA/'HEN you buy
* v and use Royal
Baking Powder
you have the posi-
tive assurance
that your food
raised by it is not
polluted by alum,
lime, or any of the
adulterants com-
mon to other pow-
ders. At the same
time the use of
Royal will give you
the finest ituui at
the lowest cost.BIG BLAZE ON
FREMONT ST.
Holman's Elevator and
Car Works Burned.
LOSS TEN THOUSANDDOLLARS
MRS. GOLDMETEB KNOCKED
DOWN BY A BICYCLIST.
Engineer McClusky's Horse Wounded
and Disabled by the Fire Patrol
Team in a Run
away.
A second alarm fire on the west side
of Fremont street, between Howard
and Foisom, last night, caused a loss of
many thousand dollars. The actual
losses and Insurance could not be as
certained. Captain Comstock of the
FOUNDRIES BLAZED BRISKLY.
The Department Had Lively Work Last Night to Ex
tinguish the Uolu Fire on Fremont Street.
rwriters' patrol estimated the loss
on the buildings at $10,000. A great loss
was sustained, however, on the con-
The property burned w;ih ma
chine shops, patterns and drawings of
mining and milling machinery, which
were of great value to the manufac
turer who owned them.
Special Officer R. A. Sample turned
In the alarm at 9:50 from box 51, lo
cated at the corner of Fnlsom and
Beale streets. He was walking along
Fremont street and saw flames issuing
from the rear of W. L. Holman's eleva
tor and car works. 210-212 Fremont
After sending in the alarm
Pample ran back to 220 and warned Mr.
Tracy, who was at work in his shop,
which adjoins the Holman Company's
plant. Sample thinks the fire was
caused by sparks from the cupola, In
which imn is melted, as during the
past wr-r-k several fires have originated
from the same cause. Early last even-
Ing Mr. Holman and Officer Sample ex
tinguished a fire on th<? roof of the Hol
man building. The cupola is filled with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO WOMAN IS EXEMPT.
Regularity is a master of importance
in every woman's life. Much pain is,
however, endured in the belief that it
is necessary and not alarming", when
in truth it is all wrong and indicates
derangement that may cause serious
trouble.
Excessive monthly pain itself will
unsettle the nerves and make women
old before their time.
The foundation of woman's health is
a perfectly normal and regular per-
formance of nature's function. The
statement we print from Miss Ger-
trcde Sikes, of Eldred, Pa., is echoed
in every city, town and hamlet in this
countr}'. Read what she says:
" Dear Mrs. PntKHAx: — I feel like a
new person since following your ad-
vice, and think it is my duty to let the
public know the good your remedies
have done me. ~My troubles were pain-
ful menstruation and leucorrhoea. I
tpas nervous and had spells of beings
confused. Before using jour remedies
I never had any faith in patent medi-
cines. I now wish to say that I never
had anything do me so much good for
painful menstruation as Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound; also would
say that your Sanative Wash has cured
me of leucorrlur-a. I hope these few
words may help suffering women."
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled, for years she worked side by
Bide with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
All suffering women are invited to
write freely to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn,
Has*., for advice about their health.
pig and eorap iron every night and the
fire box filled with fuel, bo that the
metal will be reduced to a molten mass
for use the following day. It is pre
sumed that the wall ef the cupola had
been weakened by excessive and sus
tained heat and caved in, Immediately
a shower of flame shot out in all di
reutlone, The weed structures adjoint
Ing 'aught quickly, and by the time the
department arrived the* fire had reached
large proportions,
Immediately a seeend alarm was
Bounded, and with additional apparatus
the flames were soon under control,
Th« Union Iron Works sustained the
yr«at*st loss, Uefertt it could be eon
qucred the rtra got into the pattern
rooms, immediately in the rear of llnl
man's, and many thousands of dollars
worth of valuable models and drawings
were destroyed.
From lie point of origin the fire worked
to the south and west, toward Folsom
street, almost totally destroying the
plants and stoeka of the Hr-ti& Carriage
Spring Company and the BTan Fran
cisco Car and Spring Company at 218
Fo'ißom street,
The building at 218-220, occupied by
j, c. winans, enfflnesrs 1 supplies, and
the Tracy Engineering Company, was
partially burned. Many blue print
draw and patterns In theoo shops
wore rendered utterly ueelepn by water,
causing a heavy loss, The- damage by
water at 222 Fremont, In the headquar
ters of the *■'••' ••ml Association of
f i-"" " •' ' •' will amount to a
few hundred dollars.
_n. »"oOL oi ..:_ . ->iicr Doble Machine
Shop, corner of He ward and Fremont
streets, Just north of where the fire
started, was slightly burned.
A man named Burns, who was riding
furiously to the fire on a bicycle, ran
into Mrs. A. Goldmeyer, an aged lady,
of 574 Howard. She was knocked down
and rolled on the cobblestones in the
middle of the street. Her face was
badly cut and bruised and it is feared
she sustained internal injuries which
may result fatally. Burns did all in his
power to assist the injured woman. She
was taken to a nearby drugstore, her
wounds dressed, and then she was re
moved to her home. District Engineer
MoClusky's horse was badly cut on the
right foreleg and the rear axle of h:s
wagon smashed as a result of care
lessness on the part of a fire patrol
driver who left his team standing on
Howard street. McClusky tied his
horse near a pile of iron on the south
side of Howard street, near the cor
ner of Fremont. The patrol came dash
ing up, the horses excited by the run.
The patrol driver got down from his
seat and left his team standing near
MoClu.sky's rig. The team became
frightened and bolted, striking the en
gineer's horse, throwing him into the
pile of iron. Engineer McClusky tele
phoned the veterinary of the depart
ment to come and attend the injured
animal.
The result of the driver's negligence
would have hoc-n very serious if his
team had not collided with McClusky's
horse. The frantic animals were run
ning straight toward the crowd at the
corner when they were stopped by the
collision.
SPANIARDS NUMEROUS
IN PINAR DEL RIO
Squad of Soldiers Fires Ineffectually
on the Associated Press Dis
patch Boat Dandy.
KEY WEST, July 26.— A squad of
Spanish soldiers three miles west of
Hahla Honda, province of Pinar del
Rio, yesterday fired half a dozen shots
at the Associated Pre»3 dispatch boat
Dandy, which was passing that point
two milea out Plash and smoke sig
nals also marked the prorrcsa of the
Dandy along the Bhore, which seemed
to he excellently guarded
The country from a point west of
Bahia Honda to Havana is in a high
state of cultivation
The red hull of the Spanish steamer
Alfonso XII, sunk near Mariel is a
conspicuous landmark
Cape San Antonio light, at the western
extremity of the island of Cuba is
burning and Havana was brilliantly il
luminated last night.
ALL THE ARMORCLADS
IN NEED OF REPAIRS
Important Reason Why Watson's
Squadron Has Not Been Sent
Abroad.
NEW YORK, July 26.-The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald says:
It transpired to-day that an important
reason why the Eastern squadron had
not been dispatched abroad Ik the con
dition of nome of the battle-ships at
tached to it.
It was announced positively at the
department that all of the armorclads,
with the possible exception of the New
York, will be ordered north for the pur
pose of undergoing cleaning and hav
ing repairs made. I was told that it
was the expectation of the administra
tion that the Eastern squadron would
be able to start on its mission by
August 10, provided negotiations for
peace failed.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
BENEFACTRESS OF THE BOYS IN BLUE.
Contributions of Mrs, A. S, Townsend.
Colonel W. C. Smith and Staff of the First Tennessee Entertained in
Royal Style.
Mrs. A. 8. Townsend entertained Col
onol William C. Smith and staff of the
First Tennessee Regiment last evening at
her home, 1221 California street. The pa
triotic and charming hostess was assisted
by Mrs. Bessie Tracy Smith. The affair
was piven as a compliment to Colonel
Smith and hip staff, and Brigadier Gen
eral Charles King was the guest of honor.
Every room In the houfe was at the
disposal of the guests, and the decora
tions were very elaborate, silk flags of
America and Cuba predominating. The
house was brilliantly Illuminated and the
effect was resplendent.
A sumptuous supper was served shortly
after 8 o'clock, lending off with California
oyster cocktails. Wines of all kinds were
served, and an orchestra of stringed In
struments dispensed sweet strains of, mu
sic during the occasion.
The affair extended over midnight, and
EARL OF ABERDEEN
SNUBS CONSUL DUDLEY
Turns His Back Upon the American
When an Anglo-Saxon Alliance
Is Broached. s
VANCOUVER, B. C, July There
was a mild sensation in Consular cir
cles to-day over a direct snub adminis
tered to Consul Dudley by the Queen's
representative in Canada, the Earl of
Aberdeen, Governor-General of the Do
i minion, while paying his official visit to
this coast. There were present the Con
suls of Chile, Ecuador, Hawaii, Japan,
Norway and Sweden, Spain, Germany,
France and the United States.
The American Consul made a tentative
remark regarding an Anglo-Saxon alli
ance. Aberdeen fenced the question, say
ing the English-speaking race should be
friends. Consul Dudley fenced for an
opening and again made a courteous re
mark on the alliance subject, which nec
essitated a reply. Aberdeen attempted
to change the subject pointedly, by say
ing:
"Canada has a rich country in the Tv-
The American Consul felt injured, and
pressed his point, when Aberdeen ndget
ted in his hair, turned partly around and,
leaving the United States representative
unanswered, carried on small talk with
other representatives.
Consul Dudley, who is a very courteous
and diplomatic gentleman, is said to have
been much annoyed at the affront. As a
matter of fact. Dudley simply wished to
be pleasant to the Queen's representative.
While Aberdeen, ever hypercautious,
feared to commit himself.
SURRENDERED GUNBOAT
SUNK BY THE SPANISH
The Act Begarded as a Gross Breach
of Faith by American
Officials.
OUANTANAM'O BAY, Santiago de
Cuba, July 26.— The Prairie arrived
here from Nipe Bay last evening and
reported all quiet.
The Spaniards last night sunk the
Spanish gunboat Sandoval, which has
been lying near Calmanera, This Is
looked upon as being a gross breach of
the terms of surrender, which the
Spaniards there had knowledge of, es
pecially considering the fact that food
has been sent by the United States
navy into Caimanera.
First Sergeant of Marines Klnne of
the Now York went north yesterday on
the Texas to get his commission as sec
ond lieutenant of marines. This is al
most the only case of such promotion
on record in this branch of the service.
The Montgomery left yesterday even
ing.
PASSES BETWEEN TWO
LINES OF WARSHIPS
Steamship New York Sights a Fleet
Believed to Be General Brooke's
Convoy.
Special cable, to The Call and the New Tor*
Herald. Copyrighted. 0898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PORTO PLATA, San Domingo, July
26.— The Clyde line steamer - Yo k
passed between two lines of American
warships at 3 o'clock this morning be
tween Turks Island and Monte Crlsto.
The Americans were sailing slowly in
the direction of Porto Rico. In view
of the fact that General Miles has
landed in Porto Rico, it is probable that
the ships through which the Clyde
liner passed were those convoying Gen
eral Brooke's reinforcements for the
Porto Rican campaign.
To Search Jungles for the Missing.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The mall
story brought a corrected list from
General Shafter as to his casualties.
Secretary Alger Is distressed at the
number of missing carried on the rolls
those entertained wore: Brigadier Gen
eral Charlfs King, Colonel William C.
Smith. Lieutenant Colonel Childress, Ma
jor John <.;. McGuine. ALajor A. I?. Bay*
llss. Major B. P. Cheatham, Adjutant J.
Knox Polk, Captain A. C. Glllem, Cap
tain W. J. Whitthorne, Captain Percy
Jones, Major Choate and Colonel Charles
H. Murphy.
The Tennessee Regrimfnt of Volunteers
has found a guardian angel in Mrs.Town
s?nrl, who is a wealthy widow. Recently
this benefactress entertained the entire
Tennessee Regiment— l2oo strong— at Su
tro Baths, defraying the whole expense of
baths, lunches, oar passes, besides fur
nishing handkerchiefs and other neces
sary supplies. She moreover, only a few
days agn. donated $1000 to the Red Cross
Society, and is now negotiating for the
pale of pome of her valuable real estate,
the proceeds from which will also be di
rected into channels whereby the soldier
boys will reap some benefits.
and to-day telegraphed General Shaf
ter to hire all necessary help and send
men out through the jungles to hunt
up the remains of the poor fellows, for
he does not doubt that missing In this
case means death under the cactus or
other bushes, and an undiscovered
body.
CALLING FOR BIDS FOR
FOUR NEW MONITORS
Limit of Cost Fixed by CongTess Is a
Matter of Regret to Naval
Deoigners.
"WASHINGTON. July 26.— The Navy
Department has Issued an advertise
ment calling for proposals for con
structing by contract the four harbor
defense monitors provided for by the
naval apppropriatlon bill. The bids
will be opened on Saturday, October 10.
It is a matter of regret to the naval
designers that the limit of cost for
these vessels fixed by Congress is so
low as to make it necessary to build
monitors of such small tonnage and of
lighter battery power than is desirable
in these advanced days, but the Con
struction Bureau has managed to pre
pare plans that will, after all, result in
a very serviceable type of harbor-de
fense vessel.
Miss Cook Not Engaged to Hobson.
KANSAS CITY, July 26.— The story
from Noblesville, Ind., reporting the
engagement of Miss Leila Cook to Lieu
tenant Hobson, U. S. N., received a
positive denial this evening from Vln
ita, I. T., where Miss Cook and her
mother are now residing. W. W. Cook,
a Kansas City bookkeeper, who is a
distant relative of the young lady, re
ceived a telegram to-day from Miss
Cook's mother, In which she stated that
the story is without foundation.
Havana's Desperate Battle for Food.
WASHINGTON, July 26.— The Ha
vanez are still making desperate efforts
to get supplies in through the block
ade, and two steamers are reported to
have cleared to-day from Vera Cruz,
Mexico, loaded with food, bent on
reaching Saeua at the east, whence the
supplies may be shipped overland to
Havana. The Navy Department will
give the matte*r attention.
Passports for Spanish Transports.
GIBRALTAR, July 26.— 1n accord
ance with instructions received from
Washington, the United States Consu
lar agent here has issued safe conducts
to the Spanish steamers Isla de Luzon
and Isla de Panay, now at Cadiz, to
proceed to Santiago de Cuba and re
turn to Spain with the surrendered
Spanish troops.
Kaiser Not Writing to McKinley.
BERLIN, July 26.— 1t is seml-offlcial
ly announced that there is no foun
dation for the report that Dr. Yon Hol
leben, the German Ambassador at
Washington, has presented to Presi
dent McKinley a personal letter from
Emperor William.
Scarcity of Water.
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— Water is so low
In the reservoir of the city water works
that the City Council has forbidden its
use for irrigation or sprinkling. Many
beautiful lawns and gardens in tnis city
will suffer.
First Fruit for London.
SACRAMENTO, July 26.— Porter Bros.
Company to-day dispatched the first spe
cial trainload of fruit for London for thJ
season of 1898. Sacramento River or^
cliards supplied the pears and plums for
warded.
Smith's Dandrua Pomade
Is the only positive cure for dandruff,
Itching scalp and falling hair. Price 50c
at all druggists. Sample sent free by
Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
READ HIS OWN
DEATH NOTICE
Former San Franciscan
Enters a Denial.
A ROMANCE OF SANTA ROSA
YOUNG WOMAN CASTS ASIDE A
WIDOW'S WEEDS.
Mrs. Edith McCarthy Learns That
the Husband From Whom She
Separated Is Among
the Living.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July 26.— Mrs. Edith
McCarthy, a young woman of good
family in this city, has just learned
that the widow's weeds which she has
worn for months should never have
been donned. She has received the
surprising Information that her hus
band Is yet among tho living, though
his death was believed to have occurred
some time ago.
In \he city of Fresno, on October 14,
1894, Miss Edith Davis, a young lady
well known in Santa Rosa, having
lived here all her life, was married to
George T. McCarthy of San Francisco.
It is said that the marriage did not
prove a happy one, and a short time
later McCarthy went East. Soon word
was received In this city that he was
ill. His wife started for his bedside
at once, but shortly after she had ar
rived at Wheeling, West Virginia, her
destination, a tHe^ram was received by
relatives in this city containing the
news of McCarthy's death. In a few
weeks she returned quietly and alone
to her home in this city.
To-day a lettor was received from
McCarthy stating that he had just seen
a notice of his death published in the
Santa Rosa Press-Democrat, and that
he wished to correct the impression
that he was no longer in the land of
the living. This letter was written from
Pittsburp, Pa.
When ween to-day Mrs. McCarthy
said that upon her arrival in the East
she met her husband. While he un
doubtedly had been ill, he was not se
riously so. She thereupon continued
her journey to New Manchersville, not
far from Wheeling, W. Va., where she
visited relatives. She had been there
but a few days when she received a
telegram from F. W. Adams, whose
name she recognized as that of a per
sonal friend of her husband, stating
that McCarthy was dead, and asking
what disposition should be made of
the body. Upon receipt of this infor
mation she states, she telegraphed to
her relatives in this city.
The letter received from McCarthy
to-day states that his wife left him un
less she started from Wheeling for New
Manchersville. This was after she had
seen him the time she started East, be
lieving him to be very ill. McCarthy's
letter also quotes what he alleges in a
portion of a note his wife sent him
when she starteu from Wheeling. This
extract is to *\e effect that Mrs. Mc-
Carthy did not care to have anything
more to do with her husband.
Mrs. McCarthy has many friends in
this city. Since her return from the
East it has been generally Buppoaed
that she was a v.idow.
CHINESE EMBASSADOR
CALLED FROM BERLIN
His Sudden and Unexplained Depar-
ture Causes a Sensation at the
German Capital.
BERLJN, July 25.— The sudden and un
explained departure from Berlin of the
Chine?* 1 Embassador here, Hsu Os has
caused a sensation. He embarked on
board the North German Lloyd steamer
l.nbn at Bremen to-day, bound for China,
by way of the United States.
Tne members of the diplomatic corps
believe Hsu Os has Incurred the displeas
ure of the authorities at Peking by al
leged incapacity displayed during the re
cent negotiations between Germany and
China on the subject of Kiao Chou Bay
and other matters.
ANOTHER IMPOSSIBLE
STORY FROM MADRID
Powers Said to Have Agreed to Op-
pose American Annexation of
the Philippines.
LONDON, July 27.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says: The
result of protracted negotiations initi
ated by Germany is that the powers
have arrived at a formal agreement to
oppose American annexation of the
Philippines, which must remain Span
ish.
TT.T. WITH THE FEVER.
San Francisco Newspaper Man in the
Siboney Hospital.
NEW YORK, July 26.— A cable to the
Evening Sun from Siboney, via Playa del
Este, July 26, says: Rathom, the corre
spondent of the San Francisco Chronicle,
is the only newspaper representative now
In the fever hospital. He Is in a very bad
way.
Coming to Take Home the Prisoners.
MADRID (via Parts), July 26.— Tho
Transatlantic fleet to bring home the
Santiago prisoners will sail to-morrow.
Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine,
says Admiral Cervera's officers will not
return with the Santiago prisoners, but
their return will be ordered by the
United States Government. He denies
having demanded the expulsion of Don
Carlos from Belgium.
Chinamen Cause a Fire.
CALJSTOGA, July 26.— Fire broke* out
this morning in camp 5 of the Oathill
Quicksilver Mining Company, destroying
the cask and bunk houses. The fire orig
inated from a lighted candle and punks
that were used by Chinese employes to
smoke out the devil. One Chinaman
was badly burned, but will recover.
German Cruiser Sails for the Carolines
LONDON, July 27.— A dispatch from
Nagasaki, Japan, says that the German
third-class cruiser Arcona, with supplies
for three months, has sailed for the Car
oline Islands.
Warships at Cape Haytien.
CAPE HAYTIEN, July 26.— The cruiser
Montgomery, the monitors Puritan and
Amphitrite and the collier Southery have
Just arrived. The warships will coal from
the Southery in the harbor.
Bismarck's Failing Health.
BERLIN, July 26.— The Lokal An
zeiger announces that the health of
Prince Bismarck is worse.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Lincoln Lodge initiated two candidates
at its last stated meeting' and received
five applications.
Richmond Lodge was visited by Past
Supreme President Mrs. A. Boehm, who
reports the lodge in good condition and
initiating candidates at each meeting. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+
■Se^^hS^ Be i | Q Ex i' gfl I OS w^^f^S^
For To= Day's Trade!
Our GREAT HALF-PRICE SALE OF SILKS
AND DRESS GOODS continues to-day with many
special attractions in stylish fabrics, and in addi-
tion we offer the following choice lines
At Clearing-Out Prices !
FANCY RIBBONS.
C~ FANCY RIBBONS in stripes and cashmere effects, value 80c, ,
*J^ will be closed out at 25c.
OR f FANCY STRIPED AND CHECKED RIBBONS, 6 inches wide,
sjoJKs value 65c, will be closed out at 35c.
Eft r PLAID AND STRIPED RIBBONS, all silk, 6 inches wide, value
JVt 75c, will be closed out at 50c.
7C r FANCY CASHMERE SHADED RIBBON, 5 inches wide, value
I $1 50, will be closed out at 75c. ,
HOSIER yT
|C r 200 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK BICYCLE RIBBED
i^JV, HOSE, extra heavy heels and soles, In all sizes, regular price
$3 00 dozen, will be on sale at 15c pair.
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS!
&A Gift LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS,
(jftu^jyj double lined and bound with velvet, worth $2 50, sale price
$1 50 each.
LADIES* JACKETS.
£X HA LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, in black and navy,
vpvJaUV/ fly fronts, faced with cloth, worth $10 00, sale price $5 each.
£fi Cft LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, crepon effects, in navy
*p\M»G\J blue only, fly fronts, faced with cloth, worth $12 50, sale price
$6 50 each.
[gig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\r \& ■ Ban Pranclßco« . §
lodge has moved its meeting place to
Clement and Fourth avenues. The mem
bers expect to give an at home shortly.
The Supreme Lodge will meet in Wash
ington Hall in this city on the Ist of Au
gust and continue in session three nights.
The supreme president. Mrs. Gingles, ar
rived from Texas last week and will be in
attendance during the session.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
At the recent session of the Superior
Lodge thpre was a change made as to
eligibility to membership In the orrtor.
The change permits all persons related
by blood to a Workman or dependent
upon a Workman to become members of
tne order.
Last week the officers of Silver Star at
i Temescal were installed by Acting Deputy
'■ >iis. Coogun, and after tne ceremony
: there was a pleasant social hour. During
! the evening there was presented by Mrs.
! E. Coogan and Mrs. S. Hodges a hand
some sofa pillow, worked in patriotic cm
i blems, and in presenting it W. H. Barnes,
P. G. M.. said that it ought to be labeled
'C. H. P.," not that it was charity, hope
and protection, the motto of the order
of Workmen, but that it stool for Coogan.
Hodges and. Pillow. This wf>3 followed
with a silence so profound that the
speaker imagined he was talking to empty
chair«.
Last Friday Mrs. Coogan Installed the
officers of Dawn of Hope Lodge.
ORDER OP PENDO.
Supreme Secretary Duden, assisted by
P. A. McPherson, supreme organizer,
have installed the following officers of
i Golden Gate Council: George Watermon,
P. C. : J. J. Swanson, C. ; Mrs. ML <\
Richardson, V. C; W. T. Jones, S. ; A. J.
Colby, T.; Emma F. Tiddall. Ci Mrs. H. E.
Mnrrell, G. ; Oswald Munsnn, AY. ; Olaf
Hawkins, sentinel. George VVaiomian was
e'eoted representative to the Supreme
Council.
A now council, named Perseverance,
was instituted at Salida, Colo., on the
i Oth inst., by Lolse McCalla, D. S. C. On
the 9th C. D. Towle, D. S. C, instituted
a council at Walla Walla with twenty
eight members. It is called Star.
L. W. Shellhamer. D. S. C, is organizing
a new council at Los Angeles. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
FOX ■
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, cure, gentle." Mrititk Medical Jour no!,
CAUTION: See thai the label bean the signa-
lure of the firm.
Andreas Snxlehnet*.
AMUSEMENTS.
$/, 00 SUNDAY rf»^o9
L - EXCURSION §L -
SANTA CRUZ,
Personally conducted by MR. WILLIAM H.
MK.VTON, Excursion Passenger Agent. S. P.
CO. ; ■ ■•-"- ••--.:.;-. ■: - ■■ ■
SUNDAY, JULY SI. 1898.
..; Five Hours at the Seaside.
Concert on the beach- Mussel bake at 2 p. m.
Take 7:45 a. m.' boat, terry landing (narrow
gauge), foot of I Market St., San Francisco; 7:45
a. m. from Fourteenth and Franklin »ts., Oak-
land: 8:20 a. m. from Park at., Alameda. Re-
turning, arrive San Francisco 8:05 p. m.
I AMUSEMENTS.
SOSCO'S GRANDS
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 632.
Evening Prices 26c and 800
Family Circle and Gallery 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY,"
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Superb Revival of
THETWfI ORPHANS
' PROF. GRAEBER'B Banjo. Mandolin and
Guitar Class (55 Members).
in a choice musical, programme.
Entire Depth of Great Stage Used.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Wednesday), July 27.
Parquet, any seat 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren 10c any part.
3 SISTERS MEARTE, Equipoise Artists; JO-
SEPH HART and CARRIE DE MAR, "Dr.
Chauncey's Visit"; THE ANGELA SISTERS
Musical Artists; W. H. WINDOM and BLACK-
! STONE QUARTET; WILTON & STACK
Triple Bar Wonders; VALMORE, "The Human
< Brass Band"; GILBERT & GOLDIE Native
; Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN, Eccentric
' Dancers.
| ~
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager
Last Nights of the Comic Opera Season.
Regal Revival of Mllloecker's Superb Work
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT!"
GREAT CAST. NEW SCENERY.
CORRECT COSTUMES.
NEXT MONDAY. AUGUST 1.
OPENING GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Repertoire First Week Monday. Wednesday,
Friday and Saturday Evenings, AIDA. Tues-
day, Thursday and Sunday Evenings, LUCIA.
Special Saturday Matinee—
Popular prices 25 and 50 cents
. TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY. •
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY!
Presenting Edward E. Kldder*« Latest War
Drama,
A GALLANT SURRENDER.
Augmented Cast! Elaborate Effects!
Next Monday— "THE MASKED BALL."
ALCAZARTHEATER
"AS POPULAR AS EVER." ,
LEWIS MORRISON
AND FLORENCE ROBERTS.
Presenting
"EAST LYNNE,"
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.-
[ Next Monday— Lewis Morrison, RICHELIEU.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE
JAPANESE BALANCING ACROBATS.
NEW MOVING PICTURES and CANNON.
the 613-POUND SWISS.
THE CHUTES MENAGERIE}
IS INTERESTING
AT ALL TIMES.
Vie, including Zoo and Theater: children, Be.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m,
ADMISSION lOc - -— - CHILDREN So
i.. tuns, with admission.' 25c; ciuldrea. 100,
— - ; — -
PI VITDT k Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
OL I lUll A GREATEST FREE BILL IN
AMERICA. Reid, barytone; Gibson A Allen.
Comedians; Flossie Nash. Soubrette; Ordway
& Rand; Quazlna, Royce Sisters, Rockwell and -
others. Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
78
ADMIRAL MILLER SAILS TO-DAY
TO HOIST THE FLAG OVER HAWAII
RRAR ADMIRAL JOSEPH N.
MILLER will sail to-day at
2:30 p. m.. for Honolulu, on the
rnilser Philadelphia. Ho goes
to Honolulu for the purpose of
formally raising the American
flap over the Hawaiian Islands, when
the annexation proceedings are com
pleted and the transfer is flnaHy made.
When this transaction is to occur Ad
mlral Miller is unable to say. It will,
however, take place in the near future.
The Hawaiian commissioners are to
sail from San Francisco on August 10.
and nothing definite will be done until
after their arrival at Honolulu. It If
expected also that the First New York
Regiment, under Colonel Barber, who
is to be the i»^t commandant, will be
landed at Honolulu on or before that
time, thus enabling the authorities to
make both a land and navul demon
stration.
Admiral Miller takes with him no
special instructions. H<» has simply
been directed to proceed to Honolulu to
await orders, which no doubt will be
transmitted to him at the time the
commissioners sail from here.
The Philadelphia, which has been un
dergoing repairs during the hint six
months at Mare Island navy yard,
came down yesterday to the bay and
anchored in the stream opposite Harri-
Bon street.
She'has been put in first-class condi
tion in every respect, and carries a
crew of 880 men.
At > o'clock this morning Admiral
Miller will transfer his flag; from the
Albatross to the Philadelphia, and the
fla.g will be given th^ usual rear-ad
miral's salute of thirteen guns.
lieutenant Commander Curtis of
the Albatross will, during Admiral Mli
ler's absence, have command of the
auxiliary forces, including the revenue
cutters and tugs.
The Adjutant General's office at
Washington now makes the admission
that every State has filled its quota of
troops under each call of th.- President.
The inaccurate reports emanating from
the War Department last week provok
ed a storm of indignation throughout
the country- The misleading state
ments concerning California were so
quickly corrected by the official records
from this State that the Adjutant 'Gen
eral In Washington, was no doubt
prompted to look further to ascertain
if other States had not been misrepre
sented in the figures given to the Asso
ciated Press. In looking up the records
he found that all the troops called for
had been enrolled but that some of the
States had not officially reported the
enrollment.
The official order directing: the move
ment of troops from Camp Merritt to
the Presidio la at last promulgated.
The departure of regiments from Rich
mond will begin to-morrow, when the
Seventh California will break camp
and-.march to. the reservation.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Receives & Large Quantity of
Hard Headed Cartridges.
Private Bush Overheated,
«"AMP BABRETT. father Station, July
26.— There is . not a .day now which does
not bring' to camp a new feature which
reminds all? that it- is no boys' play but
real grim war which awaits the regiment.
THE NEW TROOPSHIP SCANDIA.
Uncle Sam Is to Have a Permanent Fleet of Transports on the Pacific, and the Newly
Purchased Scandia and Arizona Are to Be Fitted Out In the Very Best of Style for
That Purpose. They Will Be Followed by the Fine Big Steamers Athenian and
Tartar, Now at Puget Sound, and Probably Two Others. These, With the Collier 3
Brutus and Nero, Will Make a Fleet with Which 10,000 Troops Could Be Moved to
Any Part of the World at a Three Days' Notice.
The sight of 260,000 fixed ball cartridges,
over 200 to the man, being hauled Into
camp to-day excited curiosity among the
visitors and showed the men that they
were gradually. If slowly, drawing \o the
•day when they would be r-alled upon to
do their share of the fighting. The con
signment come 1000 In a box and arf
SS^O-graln ball with solid head. Most of
the supply is from the Winchester Arm
Company, but a little Is from the United
Staf-s Cartridge Company. The ammuni
tion is stored in the adjutant's head
quarters, making the place quite warlike.
The Army Christian Commission tent
has not yet been moved from its position
In the old camp, much to the regret v!
the unlisted men. Each night the guard
line is extended so as to inclose the tent
while the evening service la being held,
but this does not allow of Its use by the
men for writing and reading purposes.
Chaplain Miller Is trying to secure a lo
cation within the guard lines for the tent,
iso it will be open at all hours for the use
of the men. Rev. R R. Lloyd spoke at
the tent to-night, while D. Kdwards will
speak to-morrow evening. H. J. McCoy
■will be present Thursday while the mem
bers of the regiment will give a pro
gramme Friday and Chaplain Miller will
occupy the tent Saturday.
Private Bush. Company F. Oakland, fell
to the ground senseless while drilling this
morning. He was carried to the hospital
by the hospital corps, and did not regain
consciousness until late this evening.
Over-exertion In the heat caused his
trouble, but the surgeon does not con
sider the case at all serious. One of the
men was overheated yesterday, hut is all
right to-day. The pneumonia patient is
able to be about, while the case which
threatened to be measles proved to be
only a serious heat rash with some fever.
He is doing finely and will soon he dls- !
charged as cured.
The guard detail was materially in- j
creased to-night. It consisted of: Cap- !
tain H. M. Simpson, Company <J. Ala- |
meda, officer of the day; lieutenant C. H. |
Holmes, Company E, Santa Rosa, officer >
of the guard; Lieutenant P. M. Miller, \
Company I, Grass Valley, super officer of
the guard: two sergeants., six corporals, ;
.sixty-three private's and twelve supernu- |
merarieg. The latter are to take the i
place of any of the regular guards who ,
may from any cause be detained from i
service when their tour of duty comes
around.
Lieutenant Colonel F. de I*. Carring
ton and Lieutenant Surgeon I). C. Mc-
Gtottigen went to San Jose to-day, where
they will be the guetp of the local lodge i
of Klks at the Installation of officers, j
They will return to camp to-morrow. In :
the absence of Colonel Carrington at regi- .
mental parade Captain William lOlliott, (
Company L>. Sail jßafael, the senior cap
tain of the regiment, commanded the ;
First Battalion in a most satisfactory :
manner.
Mr?. Carrie McLean of San Francisco
wan in camp to-day, looking for her
cousin.David Drinkwater, who. it is be
lieved. ha« enlisted. She says the boy ;
left homo in anger and bus not been |
heard of direct, but from other sources
it was learned that he had been in and
about S;:n Rafael, Potaluma and Santa ■
Rosn. She believed he was going under
the name of David Waters or some other '.
assumed name. xvx v one answering her
cousin's description could be found.
The hospital rr.ws hits been established. :
and in a few days the regimental non- !
commissioned staff, hospital stewards
and corps will be enjoying their meals
together. Heretofore the men have had .
to live with the companies with which :
they came into camp.
HONOLULU GARRISON.
Colonel Barber Expects That
the First New York Will Sail
Early Next Week.
In an Interview with a Call reporter
yesterday Colonel Barber of the First
New York Regiment Bald: "My regi
ment in it? entirety will leave
here on the first of next week
for Honolulu to do garrison duty
upon that Island. The command will sail
by August 3. Three- transports have been
secured, and the regiment will embark
upon them. They will be ready the last
of this week, and they are the Lakme,
North Fork and the Charles Nelson. The
three vessels will accommodate 1330
men."
<'..lonel Barber stated that he would
leave for Honolulu on the St. Paul, which
sails on Friday, as it was the wish of
General Merriam that he should go ahead
of his regiment, for the purpose of Belect
lng a place for its encampment. The First
Xew York will, therefore, be under the
rummand of Lieutenant Colonel Stacpole.
These vessels mentioned by Colonel
Barber will not be accepted until they
have been thoroughly Inspected by the
officers of the Government, and fuiind to
be in every respect worthy. From other
than a military source the Call obtains
this view uf the ships said to be engaged
to transport the First New York:
"The first of the New York troops were
to have sailed iast Monday, but not a
steamer is us yet ready to sail. It ap-
I>t-;u* that sti-am schooners are to be
used, and Just how the soldiers will like
a trip to the tropics in vessels built for
the lumber trade remains to be seen.
Some of the vessel! named as likely to
go have been in the Klondike trade," but
a trip north is a very different thing to a
voyage to the southern fieas.
"Among the vessels mentioned as trans
ports are the Charles Nelson. Samoa,
Lakme and North Fork. The latter ves
sel Is now being fittt-d out cis 'a troop
ship.' while the Lakme will bo due from
the sound to-day, and the Charles Nel
son and Samuti are expected any time
now. The Lakme will have to be over
hauled, as when she arrived at Seattle
from St. Michael her decks were said to
be leaking. The Samoa is a small ves
sel and will have to be built up, while
the <"har!es Nelson is ready for service.
For the Klondike trade the fleet was all
right, but as troopships they will not be
able to handle more than !W> or 600 men."
It is now almost definitely settled that
the corps of engineers will accompany
the New York Regiment. A portion of
the engineers may be transported on otic
of the ships secured to carry Colonel
Barber's regiment to Honolulu. Major
Rice of the California Heavy Artillery is
very hopeful that the two batteries now
here under his command may be sent to
Honolulu, while It is also very highly
probable that the Wyoming (Alger) Light
Artillery will be given a chance to demon
strate its usefulness by being sent to
Honolulu. These two commands are
ready and equipped for duty, and the men
have been drilling constantly for the past
three months, until they have become
nearly perfect In their drills.
Captain Stoats of thp First New York,
the recruiting officer of the regiment, has
been very busily at work for the past
few days, with the result that he" has
recruited the regiment up to its required
strength, with the exception of about six
men, and these he hopes to have by to
day or to-morrow.
SEVENTH CALIFORNIA.
The Regiment Is Ordered
From Camp Merritt to the
Presidio.
The Seventh California, under Colonel
Berry, will move Its camp from Camp
Merritt to the Presidio to-morrow, and will
go into camp upon the cavalry parade.
Just between the New York regiment and
the Alger Battery. Yesterday a force of
workmen were busy laying the neces
sary pipes to supply the camp with water,
and by the first of next week nearly all
of the forces now at Camp Merritt will
have been moved to the Presidio.
Colonel Wholley, commanding the Fint
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
OFF TO HONOLULU-
THE U. S. CRUISER PHILADELPHIA, Flagship
of Rear Admiral Miller.
I Washington Regiment, yesterday as
1 sumed command of the two battalions
1 now at the Presidio, relieving Major
Welsenburger. The officers of this regi
ment are In hopes that the ordering of
tlie Third Battalion here, thus mobiliz
ing the regiment as a whole, means that
it is to be sent to the front for active
service.
There were five burials at the Presidio
yesterday.
Private Joseph C. Wheeler, a recruit
for the First California Regiment, died
at the Marine Hospital on Monday night
of pneumonia.
Both the division and post hospitals are !
fillci to thuir utmost capacity, and it
has been found necessary by both to
erect tents to accommodate the over- '
flow.
A PERMANENT FLEET.
Transports to Be Fitted Out in
the Best Manner for Carry
ing Troops and Supplies.
T'nrle Sam will soon have a permanent
fleet of transports on this coast. They
are being secured one and two at a tlmo,
and they are all to be fitted out in the
very bost manner. The Arizona and Scan
ilia, now in port, are to be turned Into
model transports, and the Athenian and
Tartar, now in Fuget Sound, will be their
equals when Captain Horace Z. Howard
has finished with them. All of these ves
sels are to be fitted with the Turner pat
ent Imnk. nnd everything possible ia to
be done for the comfort of the troops.
; The Athenian and Tartar were owned
! by the Union Steamship Company of
! England, but were under charter to the
Canadian Pacific Railroad, and have been
! engaged in the Alaska trade. Both of
j them are fitted with refrigerating ma
i cnlnery, and as the Arizona Is slmilarlv
supplied and the Scandia has large ice
I chambers, there will be no difficulty In
; ( nrrylng < nough fresh meat for the voy
] age and also a supply of California mut-
I ten for the boys in camp at Manila. The
; Athenian was built in 1881, and is 3582 tona
I gross and 24-10 tons net burden. She Is
365 feet long, 45 feet 8 inches broad and 23
feet deep. The Tartar was built in 1883
: and is 4425 tons gross and 27t» tons net
; burden. She is 378 feet 5 inches long 47
feet 2 Inches broad and 30 feet S inches
deep. Both vessels are about the same
size as the Scandia, and, like her will
accommodate 1500 soldiers. The Arizona
c»uld be fitted out to carry 1800 troops
but considerable of her space is to be
used for freight, and she will only carry
the same number of troops as the others
There wan trouble on both the Scandia
and Arizona yesterday. The German
crew on the former vessel refused duty
| as soon as the German flag wan hauleil
down, and in consequence the food for all
i hands had to be brought aboard from res
! tauraius along the front. Herman Fuk
! Mann, the baker, was the first to strike
! According to him, the hoisting of the
i Stars and Stripes was tantamount to a
! breach of the shipping articles, and he
| at once demanded two months' pay and
! transportation back to Hamburg. The
| cooks, sailors, messboys and firemen fol-
I lowed suit, and then everybody took a
day off and proceeded to form a close ac
quaintance with American beer. The cap
tain could get nothing dune, and had to
hire thirty longshoremen to take his own
and his owner's property ashore. Last
night all hands were paid off, and to-day
they will start for New York on their way
back to Gi-rraany.
Captain Crosky, late chief officer of the
Pennsylvania, 1b temporarily in command
of tho Scaiidla, and (.'hief Engineer
French, late of the Pacific Mail employ,
is in charge of the engine room. When
the Mariposa arrives from Australasia
to-day the chancea are that Mr. Hart,
her chief officer, will be made captain of
the Scandla and Mr. Crosky will be llrst
mate. To-day the big steamer goes on
the drydock and to-morrow she will go
to Angel Island to be thoroughly fumi
gated, after which she will be turned over
to the contractor* to be fitted out.
On the Arizona the trouble was over a
Chinese, and Uncle Sam will now have to
fine himself for neglect of duty. The big
transport has a coolie crew, which she
frocured lv China when she was in the
longkorv*j trade. The Chinese came to
San Francisco on her and are still aboard,
waiting for a vessel to take them to
China. Yesterday morning early one of
the Chinese thought he would pay a visit
to Chinatown. Ho accordingly slipped
past thn guard on the ship arid on the
wharf, and made his escape. When the
crew was mustered in the morning Ah
Sing was mlnalng. and a hue and cry
wfin raised. It was useless, however, and
it will be many a long day before that
Chinese Is sent back to China at Uncle
Sam's expense. Had the vessel been In
charge of her old owners both captain
and ship would have been liable for the
escape of the coolie, but now Uncle Sam
has no one to blame but himself.
TRANSPORT ST. PAUL.
Third Battalion, South Dakota
Volunteers, Will Em
bark To-Morrow.
On Thursday afternoon the Third Bat
talion of the First South Dakota, the re
cruits of the Thirteenth Minnesota Volun
teers and 155 of the First Colorado Vol
unteers will go aboard the transport St.
Paul, and on the day following will set
sail for Manila.
Lieutenant Colonel Lee Stover of the
South Dakotas has been officially placed
In command of all troops to embark by
the following letter from department
headquarters:
Headquarters Department of California, San
Francisco. July 25, IS9B.
Lieutenant Colonel Lee Stover, commanding
First Battalion First South Dakota Infantry,
United states Volunteers, through commanding
General Independent Division, Eighth Army
Corps, Camp Merrltt, Cat— Sir: The com
mander Instructs me to advise you as follows:
You will b.'.vt Immediate command of all
troops that go on the steamer St. Paul Balling
for Manila about Thursday. It Is Important
that the officers you desire to act as quarter
master and commissary for the voyage should
give clove and constant attention to the de
tails of their departments while supplying and
loading of supplies In in progress, and es
pecially the arrangements for officers, messing,
etc. A cry respectfully,
JOHN B. UENNETT, A. A. A. O.
The following is the order which will
regulate the loading of the transport and
the embarkation of the troops:
Headquarters Independent Division Eighth
Army Corps, Camp Merritt, San Francisco,
Cal.. July 26, 1898.
Special Orders No. 16.
1. Pursuant to Instructions from the Depart
ment Commander, all the heavy baggage of tha
South Dakota Battalion of Infantry, of the re
cruits oX the Thirteenth Minnesota Infantry
and of 165 recruits of the First Colorado In-,
fantry will be packed and transported to the
dock of the steamer Bt. Paul, so as to arrive
there not later than > o'clock p. m. Wednes
day, the 27th lnst.
Timely application for the necessary trans
portation will be made by the quartermasters
of these organisations to the Acting Chief
Quartermaster of the division.
All of the troops named above will be at the
dock ready to embark on the steamer St. Paul
at 2 o'clock p. m. Thursday, the 28th Inst.
If any men designated to sail on the St.
Paul fall out before sailing, their- places may
be taken by men of the Colorado recruits.
Lieutenant Colonel Stover has detailed Lieu
tenant McClellan, Company I, as commissary
and quartermaster for the boat.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS
Captain Read Accidentally Shot
in the Leg — Orders for Cap
tain James G. Blame.
Captain George Read, commanding
Company A of the First Tennessee, is
Buffering from a severe bullet wound in
the fleshy part of the right leg.
Captain Read had his company at the
rifle pits yesterday morning, and while
his men were exercising their Spring
fields Captain Read and Lieutenant Al
Law, Company C, were practicing with
their revolvers.
Law's weapon got out of order, and
while trying to fix it In some manner it
was discharged, the 45-caHber bullet
plowing through the calf of Captain
Read's right limb.
The captain is now confined to his
quarters, but expects to report again for
duty within the week.
Private John Dale, Company H, First
South Dakota, who was accidentally shot
through the right lung a month ago, is
now almost recovered from his wound.
He ■will be honorably discharged from
the service, as his injury will leave him
physically disqualified for his duties.
Much to the regret of his co-workers.
Captain Lee Linn, chief commissary of
subsistence for Camp Merritt, is relieved
from that duty and assigned to work In
the Philippines.
Captain Linn, besldeß being a veteran
In the commissariat, is a journalist of
thirty years' experience, having been ac
tive In the newspaper fields of Indiana
and Texas. His unusual ability and kind
ly courtesy have won for him the rank
and high position he now occupies under
the Government.
Captain I). Voorhes, a son of the late
Senator Dan Voorhes of Indiana, will
doubtless be assigned to the vacancy.
Captain James G. Blame has been re
lieved from duty as assistant adjntnnt
general on General King's staff and will
Proceed to Manila on the transport St.
Paul.
Lieutenant James K. Polk, First Ten
nessee, hns been assigned to the duties
laid down by Captain Blame.
Private Dubbs, Seventh California, who
died from pneumonia on Sunday, was
buried yesterday at the Presidio.
Captain Klllan, in command of the First
Nebraska recruits, has got his men in
splendid shape, and this afternoon at 2
o'clock will put them through an exhibi
tion drill on the carriage concourse at the
pnrlc.
The equipment of Captain Klllan's com
mand will be completed this week.
Six men were detailed yesterday from
the Eighteenth Infantry to duty as ad
ditional guard for the transnort Scandia.
The remains of Private Lion Hull. Com
pany D, First South Dakota, were buried
yesterday in the Presidio National Cem
etery.
SONS OF VETERANS.
Ready to Step Into the Harness
Should a Third Call
Be Issued.
OAKLAND, July 26.— Sons of Vet
erans and their friends throughout the
State ure organizing military companies
to answer the next rail for troops. The
Governor has granted permission to the
Sons of Veterans to drill and parade
under arms, and the division commander.
Colonel Charles L. Pierce, has author
ized the formation of these companies
and hopes to complete the organization
of an entire regiment.
E. D. Baker Camp No. 5 of this city
has just Issued the following circular in
accordance with the division command
er's, request:
Amid all the hurry and worry In consequence
of our country's war with Spain Americanism,
patriotism and all the kindred Urns have taken
new lift) anil Rive promise of developing most
wonderful results, and while thousands of our
countryman have donned the blue and gone
forth to fight for their country In response to
their own individual loyalty to "Old Glory'
and all she represents, thousands more of us
are ready to follow their lead.
And while willing to do our part and bear
our share In the strife it Is only proper and
right that we should be ready to step into the
harness and without delay be prepared to be
gin active work Immediately after muster In
case we are so fortunate as to be called upon.
To this end it has seamed fitting to the under
signed to call together enough young men of
the right stuff and begin to "whip" ourselves
into military shape. :■.'■•*- ;^a^'- . £-,;y
We already have nucleus on which to build
and most heartily request you and your eligi
ble friends to Join us In the Interesting work.
Captain C. T. Poulter of Company A, Fifth
Regiment, has volunteered the use of his com
pany's armory as well as their talents.
Our boys will meet next Monday evening- at
Twelfth and Webster streets, southeast corner
of Exposition building, and if forty or fifty
assemble we will march to A's armory and Join
them in, their evolutions.
Repeating our earnest request that you Join
us in the formation of a military company. and
promising to do our share for the success of
the organization, wo are, sir, our obedient
servants. -
C. A. TABER,
. . J. A. SANDS.
J. F. SUMMERS,
F. C. SHIPLEY.
L D. MANNING,
C. CANNON.
ASSIGNED TO DUTY.
Major Guy L. Edie, Surgeon
U. S. A., Ordered to
Chickamauga.
Troop A of the Utah Volunteer Cavalry,
now at the Presidio, will start for the
Yosemlte early In August. It will remain
on duty in the park all summer.
Major Guy L. Edie, surgeon, who re
cently returned from St. Michael. Alaska,
and was assigned to duty at the Pre
sidio, has received a telegraph order
from the War Department to proceed to
Chkkamauga.
First Lieutenant Donald Mcßae, assis
tant surgeon Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers,
has been assigned to temporary duty at
the division field hospital at the Pre-
First Lieutenant Harris of the Fourth
United States Cavalry, First Lieutenant
Smith of the Utah Cavalry, and Second
Lieutenant Henry Wolf Huttner of the
Third United States Artillery, have been
ordered to meet at the Presidio to-mor
row morning to examine a lot of private
horses belonging to mounted officers of
volunteer organizations lately gone to
the Philippines.
Major Ruhlen, chief quartermaster of
the Philippine expeditionary forces, will
not sail on the St. Paul. He may go
either on the Scandia or Arizona.
Merited Promotion.
Prpss dispatches from Guantanamo
Bay contain this item: "First. Sergeant
of Marines Klnne of the New York went
north yesterday on the Texas to get his
commission as second lieutenant of ma
rines. This is almost the only case of
such promotion on record in this branch
of the service."
The young officer mentioned in the fore
going dispatch Is Frank A. Klnne, son of
Colonel C. Mason Kinne of this city. He
enlisted as a private of marines six years
ago and has Rained his promotion step
by step on his merits. He sailed with
Captain Watson on the San Francisco
six years ago and was with that ship for
several years at the various stations in
Europe. ' He has been on Admiral Samp
son's flagship New York since the begin
ning of the present war, participating In
all the actions In which the flagship was
engaged.
The Kansas Boys to Drill.
Already a good degree of interest is
being manifested In the drill to be given
at Mechanics' Pavilion Thursday evening,
August 4, by the Twentieth Kansas Regi
ment, Colonel Funston commanding, for
the benefit of the Army and Navy Chris
tian Commission. In connection with the
drill there Is to be a band concer{, and
one of the interesting features or the
evuning will be a living pyramid of flags
by the -athletic class of the Young Men's
Christian Association. Admission will be
25 cents; a few seats will be reserved for
those who may desire to secure them at
25 cents extra; only 500 peats will be re
served, and are now on sule at Sherman.
Clay & Co. Those holding reserved seat
tickets will be admitted to the Pavilion
by the private door on Lark in street, to
the south of the mnin entrance.
Will Aid the Soldiers' Hospital.
A musical, social and literary entertain
ment in aid of the Soldiers' Hospital fund
of the Catholic Truth Society will be
given Fridny evoning. July 29, at Turn
Vereln Hall on Eighteenth and Valencia
streets. It will be under the Immediate
auspices of Misses Ella and Eva McClus
key, who are exerting every effort to
make the affair a success. An excellent
and interesting programme has been ar
ranged and consists of many selections
by many of the well-known celebrities
of the amateur stage. The price of ad
mission hns been placed at the low price
of 25 cents for adults and 10 cents for
children to encourage a liberal patronage.
Held for Murder.
Henry Williams, the old pauper who
murdered Louis Perritt. another old pau
per, on the Almshouse grounds on July
i. was yesterday held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Conlan
without ball. Williams, who Is 74 yeara
of age, did not take any interest In the
proceedings.
WILL MOVE TO THE
PRESIDIO TO-MORROW.
Official Orders to That Effect Received at
Last by the Seventh Regiment— Other
Regiments to Follow in a
Few Days.
At last positive orders have hem Issued moving the troops out of the winds
and the fogs of Camp Merrltt into the fops nad the winds of the Presidio.
Seventh California's tent pegs will be pulled from Richmond's shifting: sands
on -hursday morning nnd will be driven in the hard clay floor of the Presidio
on the evening of that day.
The first positive order breaking camp was issued yesterday, and is as fol- '
lows:
HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT DIVISION', :
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS. CAMP MERRITT. !
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. July 26, 1898.
Spectnl Orders No. 16.
2-Pursuant to InFtnirtlona from the Department Commander, the Seventh California '
Infantry, United States Volunteer*, will movecamp to the Presidio the 2Sth Instant, occu- !
pylng the ground between the camps of the First New York Infantry and the Heavy Artll- :
lery. .
Application for the. necessary transportation will bo made to the Chiof Quartermaster .
of the Division. Ry rnmmand of PRIOADIER OENERAI- MILLER.
CIIAS. O. WOODWARD, First Lieutenant Third Artillery, Acting Adjutant General.
An order preceded this directing that camp should break to-day, but It was
recalled that all of the Government drays would be In use in transporting to '
the St. Paul the camp equipment of the troops to sail with that boat on Frl- :
day. :
As rapidly as the new camp grounds can be laid out and placed the rest of ■
the troops will follow. ,
The order of their moving follows: After the Seventh California the i
Fifty-first lowa, followed by the Twentieth Kansas. First Tennessee, recruits •
of the Tenth Pennsylvania, of the First Nebraska and the Second Oregon, and ,
the Third battalions of the Eighteenth and Twenty-third In fantry, in their
order. :
The dates have not yet been set. but It is expected that the troops will have '
become comfortably settled at the Presidio within the fortnight. !
REGISTRAR BIGGY
AND PARKER JONES
QUESTIONS THE APPOINTMENT
OF THE CLERK.
It Is Probable That the Courts Will
Be Asked to Decide the Elec
tion Commission Wrangle.
The appointment of Parker Jones as
clerk of the Board of Election Commis
sioners will be stubbornly contested by
Registrar Biggy. The Registrar says that
he will appeal to the Treasurer to refuse
the payment of Jones' demand, and, if
necessary, will carry the case Into ihe
courts.
When the commission met yesterday
morning in executive session to continue
the work of selecting precinct registra
tion officers. Registrar Biggy appeared
before the board to protest against the
appointment of Jones. He contended that
the clerical work of the commission
should be performed by either the Regis
trar or one of his deputies. Biggy took
the stand that it was an unnecessary
waste of public money, to employ a clerk
for the eommisßion when the Registrar
waa fully able to attend to the duties.
The Commissioners, headed by City and
County Attorney Creswell, announced
that Jones had been retained by them
and that he would" act as secretary dur
ing its present session.
Registrar Biggy then withdrew from
the meeting room and the Commissioners
resumed the work of selecting the pre
cinct registration officers. They will con
clude their labors to-day, and at a meet
ing to be held to-morrow morning will
make public the names of those selected.
The Registrar is confident that he will
be able to prevent the payment of Jones'
demand. He clt"es as authority the case
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
onceln a lifetime
Only once in a lifetime are such opportunities presented for purchasing
all kinds of floor coverings so far below the regular price as 1 occur here,
commencing to-morrow morning. . ■•
TWO CARLOADS; 640 ROLLS OF
WILTONS, AXMINSTERS,
VELVETS, MOQUETTES,
BODY BRUSSELS AND TAPESTRY BRUSSELS
Hunting Furniture.
Paid a rurchaser: "I got Pattoslen's prices,
then h.inted the town over to do better, but
returned and bought Pattoslen's furniture."
That tells the story— this Is a lively store, lit-
tle profits, but many sales.
DON'T FAIL TO
See the three and five piece Parlor Suites,
priced $19. $25. $30, $35. $45. $.",0, $60.
See the luxurious overstuffed Parlor Suites,
priced $fis. |85, $100, $125.
See the comfortable Couches, priced $8, $12, $20,
$25, $SO. $35, $40, HO.
See the Dressing Bureaus, priced $13. $15. $IS,
$25, $35. $r,n.
See the Metal Beds, priced $3. $4. $5 50. $7 50.
$10, Jl2. $IS. $25, $50, $7.'.. See the beautiful
Chamber Suits. $40. Special patterns at $15,
$IS. $22, $25. $30, $35. $40, $42, $47 and up to
$175.
See our Lace Curtains at 75c. 90c, $1, $1 25. $1 50,
$1 75. $2 50, $4, $G. $S. $15. $25.
Our catalogue of Lace Curtains free to coun-
try customers. Write for It.
: ■■' '■ ■ • B ™"^" — ; .
of Ray Falk, who was appointed under
similar circumstances. The Treasurer re
fused to pay the demand, suit was
brought and the case was bitterly fought.
It eventually reached the Supreme Court
and a decision was rendered by that
tribunal adverse to Falk and the Elec
tion Commissioners who appointed him.
The Supreme Court decided that under
the law the commission had no legal right
to appoint Falk "to assist the board in
the selection and appointment of pre
cinct boards of registration and other
officers for the general election."
New United States Grand Jury.
A new United States Grand Jury was
impaneled yesterday morning by Judge
Beatty. who is occupying Judge de Ha
ven's seat in the District Court during
his vacation, and Assistant District At
torney Bert Schlesinger. The new jurors
are: Fred L. Alderson, John P. Bogard-
I us. Clarence W. Bailey. George D. Dor
' nin. J. A. Eveleth. William Fries, B. P.
Flint. Samuel J. Hendy. J. A. Hammer-
I smith. J. J. Jacobi, A. J. Kennedy. Hen
! ry Marshall, Henry D. Martin, William
j H. Mau. A. Macondray. Kenneth Mcl
! rose, J. F. Nolan, W r . J. Newman, W. H.
: Reynolds, I. L. Rosenthal, D. Shattuck,
George D. Toy and Kasper Zwierlein.
B. P. Flint was elected foreman and J.
A. Hammersmith secretary-
Asks a Reconveyance.
In September of last year George Mc-
Henry deeded three pieces of real estate .
to his daughter. Mary McHenry. Now
he has filed a suit in the Superior Court, •'
asking that the conveyances be set aside,
on the ground that they were made with^-
out consideration and upon f.al.se reprfe- ■•
sentation. • •'.-..' . '■ : '
Yesterday's Registration. '■.
Yesterday's registrations footed up 1597,
not a large number considering the short
period of time yet remaining before'reg
istration closes.
Bought at the great ' auction sale of the .Alex** ■
ander Smith & Co. Carpet. .Mills in New York. :.
City June 15th and 16th.' Almost every large/
carpet firm In the United States ' was repre- ;
sented at this sale and 50,000 rolls of Carpet.' •
were disposed of In two days. Every pattern *'
a gem. No larger or handsomer or better as- '
sorted stock has ever been sh&wn on the Coast. •
Prices quoted are' sewed arid laid without lilt- ■
ing. /'"'■■' ■ ... "''
At $1.25 Royal Axminsters; magnifi- :
cent in appearance and Wear; very •
heavy; royally rich colorings; Em- •
• pire borders. A grade, that fetches /.
$1.50 in all carpet stores. - ■ : " '
At 95c those famous Smith Moquettes- that the
Empress Alexandra ordered for the Imperial •
Palace at St. Petersburg. Established price i
$125. Better patterns than elsewhere at a• .
price lower than others have to pay the manu- . •
facturer. . ■ •
BIGELOW AXMINSTER CARPETS, "the finest t
high pile Carpets made; complete assortment,
of parlor patterns, with borders. <!♦ 1 OK
yard «!> I•-4 O ;
ALEX SMITH & SONS' AND HARTFORD
AXMINSTER CARPETS; best quality made;
large selection of new patterns: regular-
sl4o quality, with borders, C» 1 Id'
yard tj) I • 1 O
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS, Including Hlgglnt'
double star and Smith and Sanford's extra •
qualities; immense assortment; fall color-
ings and styles; regular price 75c CZtZs*
yard OOC ■
ROXIJURY TAPESTRY BRUSSELS. Smith
and Sanford 10-wlre makes; all new designs
with and without borders; real "yiyi- 1
value 9r.c. Yard t (%v
WILTON VELVETS— 7S rolls genuine includ-
ing very latest fall creations In styles and
colors, with and without borders; fl»I AA
real worth $1 25. Yard... tpl*UU
BODY BRUSSELS, genuine Lowells and Whit-
alls. Alexander Smith & Sons'; the very best
quality; choice designs and colorings; with
borders only; should be $1 40. <^i c%s\
Yard : Ol«"(i
INGRAIN CARPETINGS. extra superior qual-
ity; excellent selection of styles; also hall and
stairs to match; there's a saving at A r\ ~.
50c yard; still more at. yard.......... 4 UC
ALL-WOOL INGRAINS, extra super quality
25 new fall styles to select from • L*
every yard cheap at S3c; yard ' O\JC
sent O ?R7l am Cte of f0 a r U th 0 e f m OUr IlWta <="««•
Best extra heavy CARPET LINING CS. ~
all white cotton filling and sewed...! OvREADY FOR THE
FLAG RAISING
Philadelphia Down From
Mare Island.
TO LEAVE FOR HONOLULU
EX-QUEEN LILIUOKALANI'S DE
PABTUBE FOB HAWAII.
A Suspicion That the Deaths of the
Captain and Mate of the Ken
ilworth Were Not Dv»
to an Accident.
Tho cruiser Philadelphia came down
from Mare Island navy-yard and an
chored in the stream yesterday. Soon
afterward Rear Admiral Miller's pennant
run up and a salute of thirteen guns
fired. The warship is all ready for her
trip to Honolulu, and will probably get
ti way to-morrow or as soon as her fresh
provisions have been put aboard. On his
arrival at the capital of Hawaii, Admiral
Miller and the Commissioners who will
go down on the cruiser with him will
hoist the Stars and Stripes, and the lsl
ands will thenceforth form part of the
great American republic.
Among the passengers who went away !
on the steamer Gaelic for Hawaii yester- !
day was ex-Queen Lilluokalani. She was
accompanied by Dr. \V. English, her phy- i
Blclan; Joseph Heb-lehue, her private sec- !
loncl John Richardson.
Other notables who sailed on the Gaelic
■were Lee Yuk Wn and I.cc Yuet Fung.
AY a is president of the Ning Tung, the
biggest and n;"St powerful of the Chi- j
nese Six Companies, and tung Is one of 1
the largest buyers of California products
in all Hawaii. There was an immense
concourse of Chinese down to see their
fellow-countrymen away.
The gunboat Iroquois -.formerly the tug
Fearless) now has company. The Vigi
lant came down from Mare Island yester
day and the Active will follow to-day. All
three vessels are now ready tor sea, and
the Vigilant may be ordered out for a
cruise at any moment. The Fearless is
w the Tacnma t>' Manila, and the
Active may be sent to Honolulu as a dis
patch boat.
E. T. Colnon, president of the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners, is about
to take a well-earned vacation. In order
to gc-t away from all business cares and
worries for at least ;■. month he has
shipped as an "ordinary seaman" aboard
the American clipper ship R. D. Rice.
The vessel is going to 1 !>e sound to load
for tho islands, and Mr- ' olnon will leave
her as soon as she dock.' 1 at Tacoma. Of
course, he is going as the guest of Cap
tain Carver, and the signing of articles Is
a matter of form.
J M M. Cabe, buyer for Redington &
Co., died In the Harbor Receiving Hospi
tal yesterday. He was subject to epilep
tic fits and fell in one la< t Monday night.
l>r. Deas attended to him, but he never
came out of the fit, aid died at noon,
surrounded by his mother and relatives.
The body was removed to the home of
his mother at WZK Fols'.m street.
The Kenllworth added a little more
notoriety to her record as a "very hard
ship" while last In Hilo, Hawaii. She
had a very hard crew, anyway, but, as
usual, there were a few who were as
bad as deep water men come; there were
Eeven who showed their hands soon after
the ship arrived In the harbor. They re
fused to work in port, and attempted
to desert, but the master appealed to the
American Consul and they were arrested
ly ihc loon I police and returned to the
custody of the ship, vowing to have ven
geance on the officers the first opportun
ey had. They were placed In irons
nrown in the sail locker. But they
did not remain there long before they
: c to a set of new sails, which were
mostly consumed. The Consul took a
hand after numerous appeals from Cap
tain Baker and the mutineers were turned !
over to the local police again. They had '
another trial and were remanded to the
iy of Captain Baker. This time he
Incarcerated them in a more secure place
j'roniised to starve them until they ]
turned to. Under this diet their senses !
returned and they were liberated. Soon :
ward three made their escape in one
of the shore boats. The remaining four,
S no other chance of escape, and
the ship being loaded, jumped over the
Fide, thinking to make the shore, a good
mil© and a half, unaided, but they were
drowned, as the current was strong and
the wind blowing hard. It Is now be
lieved, by those familiar with thp cir
cumstances that the mutineers who failed
to escape vowed to fire the ship, and the
report of her lorn off the coast of Chile
is a natural sequence.
MRS. STERRETT IS FREE.
Judge Troutt Exceeds His Jurisdic-
tion in the Contempt Case.
Mrs, Emma Sterrett has vanquished
Superior Judge Troutt in the matter of !
the contempt case growing out of the
Walter estate controversy. The Supreme
Court has decided that the Superior !
Judge exceeded his jurisdiction in de- I
manding that Mrs. Sterrett deliver over j
to Mrs. Josephine Walter certain Mt^rs
and papers and also ordered that phf- be '
d from the custody of the Sheriff i
Into whose keeping she had beon ordr-rpd
f«>r contempt of court. Mrs. Sterrett had
refused to deliver the property to Mrs. I
Walter, executrix of the Walter estate j
claiming that the documents asked for
were her personal property and had noth
ing to do with the estate.
Judge Troutt declared her guilty of con
tempt of court and ordered 7Tef into the
custody of the Sheriff. Judgment was]
Fuspended pending an appeal to the Su- '
preme Court, which she took in the form j
of a petition for a writ of habeas corpus,
which was issued on Monday. Mrs. Ster
reti was represented by H. L. Hart and I
the lower court by R. A. Friedrich. The
point raised by the petitioner's attorney
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STNTFREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers &
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Fr^e samples of a most remarkable
remedy ar.- bHng distributed by the State
Mfdiral Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured bo many men who had battled for
.yean against the mental and physical
Mifff-ring of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just whero it Is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
'■'ime from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has boen an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
I'.uildlng. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
will be complied with. The Institute
In desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see. how easy Jt is to be
cued of sexual weakness when the
r remedies are employed. The in-
f-'itute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample
carefully sealed In a plain package so
mat its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to writo without delay.
■was whether the Probate Court had jur
isdiction to order the inspection of the
papers in question. The Justices of the
higher court, sitting in bank, decided
from the bench that Judge Troutt had
exceeded his jurisdiction and the prisoner
was ordered to be discharged.
AN EMBASSADOB'S SYMPATHY.
Horace Porter Writes in Begard to
the La Bourgogne Disaster.
United States Embassador Horace Por
ter, under the date of July 7, wrote the
following letter to Eugene Periere, presi
dent of the Compagnie Generale:
Dear Sir: It was only this morning I
learned of the disaster to La Bour
gogne. in which perished so many brave
men, and I hasten to address you these
few lines to tell you I share with you in
the painful emotion which this great ca
l? mit> i £ as cause d in France and in the
I nited States. The staff of this embassy
shares In the feeling which I express to
you, and joins me in mourning for the
victims of this dreadful catastrophe, and
in doing homage to the heroism shown
by the officers and crew of La Bourgogne
under these terrible circumstances
Believe dear sir, in my deepest sym
pathy, which I beg of you to receive, the
assurance of my highest regards
HORACE PORTER,
Embassador of the United States.
MANAGER VINING
IS VERY IRATE
SAYS THAT THE STTPEBVISOBS
ACTED ABBITBABrLY.
He Declares That a Fight Will Be
Made Against Bemoving the
Horse Car Bails on Mar
ket Street.
The Market Street Railway Company
will, if General Manager Vlning Is au
thority on the Intended action of the cor
poration, fight the municipality in the
courts to prevent the removal of the
horse car tracks on Market street, be
tween Second and Sixth.
"The Market Street Company," Bald
Vlning yesterday, "nas been carrying out
tue terms of its franchises. The action
taken by the Supervisors on Monday or
dering the removal of the horse carrails
was. to say the least, very arbitrary,
lhat method of declaring a franchise in
valid is a bad one and can never succeed.
Our company will do all that the law re
quires of it, but it cannot be forced
to pay the cost of repaying Market
street. The city has already ac
cepted the street and is, therefore, re-
Bponsible for any changes made in the
matter of pavement. The city claims that
when the horse car lines were consoli
dated with our electric and cable sys
tems the original franchises for horse
cars went out of effect. We claim that
such Is not the case, and that the fran
chises still remain In force and effect
while we live up to the terms of the fran
chises. Under these circumstances the Su
pervisors have no right to order the re
moval of the horse car rails and we will
stand by our rights."
Mayor Phelan, on the other hand, says
that the best legal authorities In the city
declare that the Market Street Railway
Company has no claim to the street now
covered by the horse car rails. "I am
determined." said he yesterday, "to force
the issue. If the company does not com
mence the work of repaying the street
and removing its horse car traces at the
expiration of the ten-day limit action will
be commenced by the city. I do not know
what steps will be taken, but this I do
know— the proper steps will be taken
and taken wtih vigor. The railroad com
pany will be forced to conform to the
laws of the city."
TWO WOMEN FIGHT
IN THE COURT ROOM
BOTH LOVED FRANK DANEBI
AND WERE DECEIVED.
He Gave the Earring's of Madame
Georgette to Emila Capelli, and
a Hair-Pulling Match
Followed.
Madame Georgetta and Em!la Capelli
are to-day phy on hair and sore In body.
They had a battle In Justice Groezinger's
court yesterday afternoon, but owing to
the Interference of mutual friends no
other decision than a draw could be
given.
The fight was not for a purse. The tro
phy was a pair of diamond earrings and
the affections of Frank Daneri. Both
•women have a fondness for Daneri, but
did not know that they were rivals until
yesterday, when they met In the court
room. Madame Georgetta had sued Ca
pelli for the earrings, claiming: that they
were her property. Capelli replied by
stating that the jewels belonged to her,
being a present from Daneri. It was Just
at that moment that the battle began.
Madame Georgetta In an instant was af
ter Capelli. They did not wait for the
call of time. Both women went to the
center with fire in their eyes and a de
termination to fight to the death. They
clinched and when separated both had
a handful of hair to mark the first round.
Without taking the minute rest allowed
under Queensberry rules they went at one
another again. There was another hair
clinch and shin-kicking match. The
si>potators protested against a continu
ance of the match, as neither of the con
testants was fighting fair.
Madame Georgetta, full of anger but
minus many golden tresses was led out
<>f the courtroom and taken away by her
frk-mls. Madame Capelli was escorted
from the impromptu prize ring five min
utes lat<»r and the "white winged angel
of peace" resumed her place on the head
of the "wingless angel" on the dome of
the new City Hall tower.
Justice Groezinger will render his de
cision—not on the merits of the fight
but as to the ownership of the earrings,
when the janitor removes the "evidences"
of the "mill" from the courtroom.
KICKED OUT OF A RESTAURANT.
Complaint of Charles Heath, a Col
ored Man From Oakland.
Charles Heath, a colored man, living
at Golden Gate Station, Oakland, was
the complaining witness in a battery
case in Judge Mogan:s court yesterday
morning. The defendant, was Spaso Java.
vich, who keeps a restaurant on the water
front.
Heath testified that he went into the
restaurant Monday and ordered a cup of
coffee, and chops. After finishing his
meal he offered 10 cents in payment, when
Javovich grabbed him by the coat collar
and kicked him out of the place.
Javovich a"sked for a continuance until
to-day, when he will present his side of
the case.
B. B. Roberts Act«d Fairly.
The statement in last Sunday's Call |
that B. B. Roberts, agent for the Tesla
Coal Company, had taken a five-dollar
gold piece from two newsboys and re
fused to return it until arrested is now
satisfactorily explained. The facts in the
case are that Mr. Roberts, suspecting the
boys had received the coin from some one i
who thought it a nickel, took the money
with the intention of giving It to a po
liceman. One of the officers to whom he
offered the gold piece refused to take it
but told Mr. Roberts, whose card he took
to give it to Captain Splllane. Subse
quently Mr. Roberts saw the two boys
in conversation with two policemen in
a saloon. He voluntarily went up and
giving his version of the affair, turned
the money over to the officers, who ex
pressed their belief that he had done the
proper thing.
New Mining Corporation.
Articles of incorporation of the Plym
outh Rock Mining Company were filed
yesterday. The capital stock of the cor
poration 18 $100,000, of which $50,000 has
been subscribed. The directors are J. A.
Parsons. J. A. Sanborn, C. E. Brown, "W.
H Murphy and C. D. Bailey.
Exempt From War Tax.
Secretary Godchaux of the Board of
Health received a communication from
Collector Lynch yesterday informing him
that the war tax was not imposed on cer
tificates recording either birtns or deaths.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm s«a
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
REAL ESTATE
AT A LOW EBB
A Week Brings Little
Encouragement.
THE SALES SMALL AND FEW
PBOGBESS IN BUILDING FOBMS
A STBIKING CONTBAST.
The Beview of the Becords — New
and Becent Building Contracts
and General Bealty
Notes.
The condition of the real estate mar
ket t\a.s Improved but little during the
past week. Few, If any, sales of more
than ordinary importance have been
negotiated and the general current of
the realty stream seems to be in a state
of stagnation. The brokers, however,
content themselves with and abide by the
hope that the present dullness cannot
last much longer and that prosperous
times will inevitably follow the summer
months— the dullest period in tho entire
year.
Building operations are steadily In
creasing and form a striking contrast
to the lack of business progress in real
estate. Many contracts, both for large
and for email amounts, have been let
during the past seven days with a good
prospect for more in the future.
The record for large mortgages Is
small, there being few aggregating In
value more than $10,000. Releases and re
conveyances, as shown by the records are
likewise few, and not for unusually largo
pledges.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were nfty-four mort
gagee and trust deeds recorded, amounting to
1162,071. For the same period fifty-eight re
leases and reconveywnces passed to record in
the total Bum of $263, lyo.
The principal mortgages and trust desds are
as follows
By the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Mary T. E. Kedmon (Ellis;, $47,000 for one year
at 6^ per cent on property in the su-vara block
24, situated on the southeast corner of Battery
and California streets; by the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society to Henry Sohlesselmann.
iitbbO for one year at 6^ per cent on property
in Western Addition block 614, situated on the
northwest corner of Hayes ami Devisadero
streets, north 70:2 by west 37:6; by i'rescott
Sawyer to Houghton Sawyer, $6000 for three
years at 4 per cent on property in the 60-vara
block 221, situated on the northeast corner of
Sutter and Junes streets, earn 24:10 by north C 5;
by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society tv
the Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco, $U,yOO for one year at tiVi per cent on
j property in the 50-vara block 82, situated on the
; northeast corner of Dupont and Filbert streets,
n.-.rth 137:6 by east 137:6; by. the German Say
; ings and Loan Society to "William N. Nichols,
I $4000 on property in the 50-vara block U», situ
i ated on the northwest corner of Powell and
i Francisco streets, west 22:11, north 60. west
45:10, north 60, east 68:9; south 120; by the
Columbia Savings and Loan Society to Harriet
McCarthy, $12,Uu0 for one year at 7 per cent on
: property in the su-vara block 171. situated on
i the southeast corner of Mason and Ellis streets,
east 87 ;6 by south 100; by the City Bank and
Loan Association to Anna E. Sneider, $ W0
for six years at 7 per cent on property In the
Western Addition block 273, situated on the
northerly line of Bush street, 171:10V4 feet west
of Buchanan, west 34:4-4 by north 1^7:6; by E.
i B. I'ond and H. C. Campbell (trustees of the San
Francisco Savings L'nlon) to Dennis and Rose
| Barry, $6iOO on property situated on the north
i westerly line of Mission street, 225 feet south-
I west of Fourth, southwest 25 by northwest SO.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as follows:
From thft German Savings and Loan Society
to James Spiers, $3."<,000 on two pieces of prop
erty in Western Addition block 465 and one in
the One Hundred block 32S and one In Western
Addition block 275, situated respectively on tha
southeast corner of Pacific avenue and De
vipadero street, south 127^ by east 117:6; on
the southwesterly line of Spear street, 183:4
feet southeast of Howard, southeast 45:10 by
Bouthwest 137 :C; the northerly line of Post
street, 165 west of Huchanan, west 40 by north
137:6. and the southwest corner of Pacific
avenue and Scott street, west 112 by south
871V4; from the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to George and Charles E. Ehmann. $22,000
on property in the One Hundred block 363,
situated on the southeast corner of Mission and
Fourth streets, northeast 60 by southeast 100.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Hayes and Market— Mosaic floors for altera
tions and additions to the St. Nicholas Hotel;
owner, Bartlett and C. F. Doe: architect, Ed
ward R. Swain; contractors, Robinson & Gilles
pie; cost, $1360. .
On the northerly line of Post street, between
Octavla and Laguna— All work except plumb
ing, sewers, painting, mantels, .electric work
and interior decorations for alterations and ad
ditions; owner, Leopold Auerbach; . architect,
James E. Wolfe; contractor, F. V. Acker; cost,
$426.
On the southeast corner of Chattanooga and
Twenty-first, 25 by 100— All work for a two
story frame building, two (lats; owner, Patrick
Barman; contractor, William Helbing; cost.
$3500.
Broadway, between Montgomery and San
—Alterations and additions to Irving Pub
lic School; owners, Board of Education; archi
tect, J. J. Welsh; contractor, W. M. Fletcher;
coat. $2299.
Northwest corner of Jackson and Jones
streets, north ;'2:6 by west Lathing and
plastering work; owner, John Shirley; archi
tect, C. A. Meussdorffer; contractor, Charles
Dunlop; cost, $250.
Westerly line of Third street, 70 feet south
of Stevenson, south 60 by west 60— All work for
an electrical elevator; owner,. David Kell; ar-.
chltect. Edward R. Swain; contractor, W. L.
Holman; cost, $2210.
Chestnut street, 100 feet west of Jones— All
work for a two-story frame dwelling; owrxtf,
Miss Collins; architect and contractor, Thomas
C. Cochrane; cost, $3000.
Fremont street, 183:4 feet northwest of
Howard, northeast 45:10 by northwest 137:6— A1l
work, except excavations, grading, plumbing
for a four-story brick building; owner, Jane
E. and C. M. Belshaw; contractor, J. W. Wes
sinKer; cost, $17,780.
Southwest corner of Green and Mason streets,
south 45 by west 137:6— Carpentry, plastering.
Iron work, mason and all other work for a
two-story frame building; owner E. Pierron;
architect, Jules Godart; contractor, J. B.
Pene; cost, $3530.
RANDOM NOTES.
According to the recent annual report of the
German Building and Loan Association, the
net revenue of the year is $37,163 53. The value
of assets amounts to $611,435.16, loans, $491,750,
real estate, $58,2C0 and cash on hand $16,533 11.
The book value of the shares Is as follows:
First series, $173 85; second, $95 65; third, $75 35;
fourth. $57 20; fifth, $40 81; sixth, $25 S5 and
seventh, $13 44.
Attachments aggregating $18,365 In value
have been placed on the property situated on
the northeast corner of Grant avenue and
O'Farrell street, by A. S. Baldwin. The prop
erty is held in the names of William H. H.
Hart and Florence B. Hinkley.
The premises at C2O Market street have been
leased to A. OtUnger for a period of six years
at a monthly rental of $520 a month.
The new residence situated on the westerly
line- of Gough street is completed and is now
ready for occupancy. The total cost of erec
tion was $12,000.
Peter D. Martin and Andrew D. Martin have
given general powers of attorney to Mrs. Elea
nor Martin.
Stephen and Jennie Maynell have abandoned
their homestead on the property on the south
east side of Clara street, 160 feet northeast of
Sixth and Edward and Hannah Murphy their
homestead on the north line of Post street, 110
feet east of Lyon street.
Mrs. Rachel Glaser has declared a $5000
homestead on the premises on the east side of
Devisadero street, 112:6 south of Fulton, and
Mrs Trypnlnnle B. Janes on the property on
the west side of Guerrero street, ninety-five
feet south of Twenty-first, for $3300.
O F yon Rheln reports the completion of
his 'buildings on Third and Jessie streets,
which have been under construction for the
last six months. The fact that before the
buildings passed from the contractor to the
owner the principal portions have been leased,
each for a term of years to responsible parties,
seems to prove that an up-to-date structure in
a central locality, even In these times, need not
go without tenants in San Francisco.
The following are the lessees of the three
stores: Llndh the tailor; Pacific Electric Mo
tor Company and Messrs. Hurtzlg & Sehmelz.
The last named firm are druggists.
The upper part, used as a lodging house and
consisting of forty-six rooms, has been leased
to r-lark W. Phillips.
All that remains unrented are two basements
and negotiations are pending for the leasing
of these two; they are eleven feet high, are
furnished with sidewalk elevators and nave
been so constructed as to be as light as the
stores above them.
Yon Rheln & Co. also report that seven flats
and two stores, erected under their supervision,
on the northwest corner of Geary and Jones
streets, are nearly finished and that six of the
flats and one store have been rented before the
completion of the building. The corner store
has been leased to a pharmacy.
The same firm Is pushing to . ompletfon seven
strictly modern flats on the northwest corner
of Jackson and Jones streets, belonging to Mr.
John Shirley. Although these flats will not be
completed until some time in September, appll
cants are already being Hated for them.
LOCHNER OUT
OF THE TANKS
Coroner's Jury Fonnd
Nothing Against Him.
MURDER MYSTERY UNSOLVED
WOMAN "STBANGLED BY PABTY
OB PABTIES UNKNOWN."
Police Are Now Industriously Look
ing for the Missing Husband
and the Stolen
Watch.
After being imprisoned for nine days
with no charge against him Joseph Loch
ner, degenerate, who was suspected of
murdering Sadie Carpenter in the Hub
bard House, Is now free. He was re
leased yesterday immediately after the
Coroner's jury brought in a verdict that
the woman "came to her death by stran
gulation at the hands of party or parties
unknown." The verdict was approved by
the Coroner.
When the inquest wajs resumed at 9
o'clock yesterday morning Lochner took
the stand and completed the tale of his
connection with the tragedy, which was
begun the day before. He made a little
speech to the jury before leaving the
stand in which he reviewed the testimony
which had been given at the inquest and
called the attention of the jury to incon
sistencies in the evidence' given by Lizzie
Riley and others. He alluded to the
statement of Mrs. Riley that she heard
some one wearing squeaking shoes leave
Sadie's door and go down the stairs, and
then referred to Night Clerk Prieur's
testimony that he saw no one leave the
house. Lochner said he often came home
late at night and saw the clerk dozing in
his chair and on other occasions Prieur
was nowhere in sight. He denied that
he had ever quarreled with Mrs. Carpen
ter and wished the jury to take cogni
zance of the fact that her watch, money
and some of her wearing apparel are
missing. His final wurds were:
"Gentlemen, I am a law-abiding citi
zen, and innocent of any crime."
Coroner Hawkins and one of the jurors
cross-examined Lochner, but he made no
admissions which would in any way con
nect him with the murder. He was then
excused.
Thomas McDonough testified that he
went to his room in the Hubbard House
about 1 a. m. on the night af the murder,
but he did not hear or see anything un
usual. "Darby" Glynn followed him and
told of Lochner's visit to the Bellevue
saloon, when he told the bartender and
himself that Mrs. Carpenter had been
found dead in hfer bed. Deputy Coroner
took the stand and said that he
had found Sadie's purse in the bureau
drawer and opened it in the presence of
Lochner. ((Lochner denied this.) Sol
dier Carsten, who had been a friend of
Sadie's for two years, was sworn, but
he could shed no light on the mystery of
her death. George Weissgerber, barten
der at the Bellevue saloon, gave testimo
ny similar to that of Glynn.
George Dolan and D. W. Shea, two new
witnesses, swore that they were in Sa
die's room about two months ago and
had a conversation regarding Lochner.
She told them that she was afraid of a
crazy Dutchman who occupied a room
connecting with hers, and showed them
the curling irons with which she bolted
the door. She told them that he was
jealous of her and became wild when he
saw her talking to other men.
This concluded the testimony. The Jury
retired and remained out fifteen minutes,
returning with the verdict.
After approving the findings the Coro
ner discharged the jury- As they were
leaving thoir seats Lochner jumped up
and said: "Gentlemen, I thank you."
"You needn't," replied one of the jur
ors, as he passed him, with a loathing
look.
Lochner was taken hack to the City
Prison and about an hour afterward was
released by Captain Seymour, indorsed by
Chief Lees.
The Chief and Captain Seymour had no
fault to find with the Coroner' 3 verdict.
They both admitted that there was no
evidence against Lochner. The depart
ment has resumed and redoubled its ef
forts to get some trace of the missing
watch. A systematic search of the pawn
shops and repair-shops is now being
made. A strenuous endeavor to locate
Carpenter, the mysterious husband, is
also being made.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Anderson
called on Captain Seymour and gave Jiim
a list of things which she thinks were
taken from Sadie's room either at the
time or after she was murdered. The
list includes: One brown dress skirt (Mrs.
Carpenter's wedding dress); one silk bed-
Bpre&d, with white hand-made lace bor
der and a silk handkerchief in the cen
ter (Mrs. Carpenter made the spread and
intended to give it to her younger daugh
ter); two night-dresses; one pnir of f»lt«>. - s;
one pair of slippers; two pairs of cotton
hose; a fine tablecloth; two linen towels
and six napkins.
Mrs. Andorson says she is positive Sa
die did not dispose of these things, as she
had them only a few days before her
death and intended to send them to Mon
torey. The mother is also sure that Sa
die had considerable money, because a
few days before her death •Vne wrote her
mother to make up a list of groceries
and other things she needed for the home
and the children. At intervals whenever
needed Sadie bought a large supply of
necessities and sent them to her mother.
A DRUMMER'S ILL LUCK.
A. Parker of Los Angeles Seeks Rest
in the Receiving Hospital.
A. Parker, a respectably dressed young
man, walked into the Chief of Police's
office yesterday afternoon and complained
that he was under the hypnotic spell of
a Dr. Pierson of San Luis Oblspo. He
said he had met the doctor in Oakland
and the spell had come over him again.
Corporal Geimann, who is specially de
tailed to look after rrnnks visiting police
headquarters, took Parker to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where a dose of "d. t." mix
ture was administered to him.
After a while Parker said he was a
traveling salesman for the White Manu
facturing Company of Los Angeles, and
he had been all through Lake County
without doing much business. As it was
his trial trip he worried so much over
his lack of success that his mind had
become affected. He forgot all about the
hypnotic story he had told in the Chief's
office, and said all that he wanted now
was rest for his troubled mind.
Fractured Her Skull.
Mrs. Morgan, 221 Fifth street, met with
an unfortunate accident early yesterday
morning. She was going from the bed
room to the kitchen to see if it was time
for her husband to get up when she
missed her footing and fell down a flight
of stairs. She was taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where she was treated for
a lacerated wound of the scalp and' pos
sible fracture of the skull.
Hawaiian Customs Regulations.
The following instructions were yester
day received by Collector Jackson from
the Treasury Department:
"I T ntll legislation shall be enacted ex
tending the United States customs laws
and regulations to the Hawaiian Islands
the existing customs regulations existing
with the tfnited States and other coun
tries shall remain unchanged."
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
'■Slifko-. ■—^ r.- ; ." ;• > ,j...- v .
i stall* jfj¥, y/fP/, . - feel
■■..;• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BRACES BODY AND BRAIN.
What Mariani Wine Does to Soothe,
Strengthen and Sustain
. the System.
Yin Mariani (Mariani Wine) is recom-
mended as a tonic by. the medical pro-
fession all over the world. It has re-
ceived written recommendations from
more than 8000 American physicians.
Mariani Wine soothes, strengthens
and sustains the system and braces
body and brain. It gives strength;
therefore may it be described as the
conqueror of disease and the promoter
of health and longevity.
Mariani Wine is especially indicated
for malaria, fever and ague and all
miasmatic fevers.. It promptly dispels
chills, abates malarial fever, and gives
a sense of buoyancy and vigor.
' Mariani Wine is furthermore of espe-
cial value in cases of Neuralgia. Nerv-
ous Debility, Muscular Relaxation,
•Mental and Physical Depression and
Exhaustion, Overwork or Overstrain,
Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspep-
sia, Loss of Appetite, Emaciation and
Consumption. It builds up the vital
forces and is a powerful rejuvenator. It
gives strength to the nervous system,
firmness and elasticity to the muscles,
and richness to the blood. It benefits
all and injures none.
Mariani Wine is palatable and suited
to the most delicate stomachs. In the
cases. of pale, puny, sickly children it is
invariably used with great benefit.
For overworked men and delicate
women Mariani Wine works wonders.
'.. Mariani Wine is sold by all Druggists.
Try It and you will find that it will well
sustain its reputation. One word of
caution, however— let no representation
or explanation induce you to accept a
substitute. "Just as good" usually leads
to disappointment.
To every one writing to Mariani &
Co., 52 West 15th street, New York City,
will be sent, free, an interesting little
book containing portraits and auto-
graphs of Emperors, Empress, Princes,
Cardinals, Archbishops and other dis-
tinguished personages, indorsing Yin
Mariani. '
THE RAGGED EDGE
of martyrdom is reached when an in-
ferior laundry sends your linen home
with . frayed edges and . spread-eagle
buttonholes. If it don't "drive a man
to hard drink" it will surely drive him
to seeking a laundry that will Insure
him such perfect work as is done at the
U. S. Laundry. We not only give your
linen a perfect color and finish, but we '
send it home in a condition that Insures
comfort in hot weather. '?.-;'» '?','
The United States Laundry, office
; 1004 Market street Telephone
South 420. ■
DAWS ON
CITY
And Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL.
Elegant Steel Steamship
LEELANAW
300 Passengers; Capacity, 3000 Tons Freight.
SAILING AUGUST 4th.
Freight to St. Michael $15 per. 1 ton. ■ ;
Apply to ' ;
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.;
Licbcs Building. 139 POST ST.
. LAST CHANCE
FOR THE YUKON
AND-
DAWSON CITY.
WATSONYILLE-YUKON TRADING
AND TRANSPORTATION CO.
WILL DISPATCH NEW STEAMER
ALOHA,
JORGENSEN . ... ; ...MASTER
Capacity, 500 Tons,
Sailing from SAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY, JULY 30, AT 9 A. M. f
Connecting at St. Michael with the new light-
draft river steamer Queen of the -Yukon, draw-
Ing : twenty . inches of water, with double-tan-
dem compound engines. The steamer Aloha is
lighted throughout with electric lights, and is
now open to Inspection at Mission street wharf.
FIRST-CLASS T PASSAGE TO DAWBON CITY, $175.
FREIGHT, $100 PER TON.
. For further information apply to WATSON-
VILLE-YUKON TRADING AND TRANSPOR-
TATION. CO., 100 Market street. . . ■_
TJT>TTQTT|7C! FOR BARBERS. BAK-
tjJIU kJIIJuO ers > .bootblacks, bath-
~ -.. \~- — - houses, billiard tables,
brewers,- bookbinders,' candy- makers, : canners,
dyers/ flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
. BUCHANAN BROS., ■
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
; . / : >' \AI. X. \ HESS, . : ;
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW, •
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bids.
.■■'--..-.- Telephone Brown 931.
Residence,' 821 California st., below Powell.
San Francisco. . . " '.".-'
'. . ficCO.^g^
E ?JBATENTSf : -
Vig^/330 MARKET. ST. Sf.^SS^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. ' THB '
. great v Mexican remedy; gives : health and
•trenstb to th» mxu*l otnu. I
■  . „ .. • . . . •.-.-. ■--::-•._-
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Call
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
L,c SANTA . .
'^^ CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas-
ure. Moat phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the .great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THE FAMOU3
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers.
Full information, rates, illustrated pamphlets,
Wilmington • Transportation Company,
222 South Spring Bt., Los Anceles, Cal.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
*JF -% OAKLAND, .
Wi^^^^f&i aD(I Je^ erS9fl : StS '
WAifSsnTlrt?BßH^l Only 35 minutes
K&vf ' b,'Piir»SisafW from San Fran-
!jjifi§£Hr}«DVirJ I f'i , A Desirable Summer
r JS^^£2«^.' and Winter Resort for
Famiiie3, Travelers
R. M. eriare. Prop, and Tourists.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cat,
Curative powers of springs and mineral bath*
onrlvaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. - Easy
of access; telephone connections 'and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco. 416 Pins street. 9.
A. BUSSE. - . ■ . •
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
. Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fin* water*
end bath?, cleanest accommodation and table.
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. 8. F.. 18; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend » a. m for f-!oltdad
For terms and ' free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager. ; :
OS/ A PPO'" OT RFnhfGs. «kroom* Co
■\nllifll.i )n 'y 4 % hours (ron 8. F. anl
VIInVVV out 9 miles' staging; water*
noted - for medicinal ; virtues ; -; best natural ba t h
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain * scenery- -excellent climate: good trout .
streams at door: photographers"- room; tele-
phone telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon " stages;
round trip from 8. JT. only $S BO; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. II a
day or $12 a week. Reference.' any guest of tb*
past three years-.., J. MITLGREW. Prop.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Snmmar.
Boats tree to guests. me iisiunK. Excellent
table. Clean beds and ■ careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen mile? from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because It la
clean, no poison oak. no. pests. And purs air
and pure-water. A .dress MRS. H. M CLEM-
ONS. Virginia City, before June 1. wh»n Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
""'•St REST and HEALTH
ORGHARDSPRSNGS
in the hills of th» Sierra Sriadas, nurColfsi. onC.P.R.K,
Plain, anltt rftmt, finest ntcatrj. water, monr.'nin air,
frnlt. and all the y«r aronnd 'climate in California!
id«U grounds sndsarranadlßgt. On R. It., 1 If m!!« CromSaa Fran.
$8 a week. Open all year. Send for Booklet
Addrp^- Of.-HsrH <;—:r-M- fM-r, P^-v; f a j t v
' SEIGLER SPRINGS,
. T. LAKE COUNTY. i >
I Thin delightful - watering place is ' located la
the midst of the Coast Range. ■} -
Abundance of mineral '. springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
cretions, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Hound trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor
3. WALLACE SPAULDIIsTQ. Manager.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 8 Hours from San Frsncitw
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.;'
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchantinc
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, eta
NATI-RAI. ~!i--A.\: Am. MINKKAL BATH'
Tepid Swimming _ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. 110 and {15 per week: $2 and $2 61 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
]tJ4-*m m No Bt «« ln lf trt f*t *&«••.
/Pi 11/1 no fc^- mosquitoes • <r
/*» i-B mLZ. winds when you are
■*\-Tf »**%• - there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates *10. $12. $14 a week.
/^ , • Round trip tickets 17. W.
*%-#•*«■ /■*."* I* Mitchell. Manager;
jpnngs Ln v d-.nr n> A * es * cm
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.'
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for STOMACH, .LIVER. ;
KIDNEY and BLADDER, affections. ■ Round-
trip ticket . direct to Carlsbad Springs; Lake
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R. . $9. Terms,
$S to ■ "*lO per week. • ■; '■ ■ \>' r >j
* : -. ' W. . R. McQOVERN. Proprietor.
uaiii -a r*rv springs, i
HOWARD cffig HeH co vN a fv
** " T T ." LAKE COUNT* V
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. Special term* to fam-
Uies. Postofflce and telephone. ' '■ ' " '■
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific offlc*. til
Market street L •*,■.'; ■ .
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT
if \K GA AH llirV And good treat-
hV V% UUUU LUCIV ment go hand In
Hi I B ■ ' hand at ■ HOTEL OISELJIiAN.
|jl fil Lakepdrt. : Cal. And i°°^ treat -
\l\l\JU LL Wri ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISEL.MAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
■^85^;'. A. H. SPURR^ Proprietor.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
' Natural ' attractions : without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. "Hunting and
Ashing. Table supplied with fresh : vegetables. '
fruits, butter, mUk' and' eggs, v A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot; S7
per week. JOHN D. • WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious - Mmcte; pie-
' rureuquo scenery; mountain - ■ walks; - purs
spring water; ■ beautiful - drives; pine groves,
lawns and gardens. . The best advantages : for :
those ' who ' need ' to ' obtain comfort, ' rest ' and
health culture In a ' short lime. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena. Cat. . : ' ; ... ■
: ( PLANTATION HO US E, J '
Eighteen : miles i from * Oazadero, on stage Una.
Good trout - fishing, plenty • fruit, cream I and .
milk; '■ free conveyance for parties of ■ two 'or
more; grand ' ted wood " scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaviaw, v Sonoma County, ■or
apply 12. KRUSE, 207 Front at., a F.. for par-
. ticulars.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINQ9.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTRIi AND COTTAGEB.
PAT^ '-•■ctr-HESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
PACIFIC
congress SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
Three hours . from San '"rancisco, via ' Los
Gatos; 6 months roundtrlp ticket, $4, or via
Santa Clara. $3 50. New swimming tank, 150x75
feet, and other Improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
' JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE. .
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAJi
springs in America; all hinds of amuss-
ments. new swimming tank, baths and bowl*
Ing alley First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. ~ Write for illustrated pamphlets.
Ban . Francisco office. Sl6 Montgomery strove '
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal. - .. '.
MARK IST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, siich as Soda, Sul-
phur. Magnesia. Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
ew.imming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage ■ meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo Rl*w.
t -hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room In Santa Crus
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip. it.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prep.. South Baa
Lomond.
LOVELY BEN LOMOND.
Park House and cottages. New management.
Fine grounds. Fish pond, boating. Grand scen-
ery. Solid comfort. Fresh milk and fruit. Livery
connected. $3 week. R. H. BANFILL. Prop.
SUMMIT SODA
'" • ; SPRINGS.
• On line of C. P. R. R. -Elevation. 6003 feet.
Dally mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June L Address GOCI*-
DEN/& JACOBS, Dormer. T"icer Co., Cml.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS^
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Be*-
wick. Siski> v County. CaL.
HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS, Sonoma County. Open
all year; N. P. R. R. ; best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives.
croquet,' billiards, etc.; excellent table. Terms:
$S:00 to $12.00 a week. PETER SICKELS, pro-
prietor, or I. B. THAYER.- 28 California street.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
the ranch: good table and pleasant surround-
ings; term? $:> per week. Address W. CRAN-
I'FI.T.. Santa Cruz.
The Weekly Call.
©/ It Publishes the Cream of th»
News of the Week' and
ot MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
; ©{ ORIGINAL FEATURES. >-
°< IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©( PAPhR ON THE '
) , PACIFIC COAST
2 \ /
~) The Best A. /Mining .
Tj Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ ' s Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to data
o< y \
©{ Not a Line of It Sensational ' ;
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
*0 • it Dry or Uninteresting.
H ~r r
CX Brlnrht, Clean, I A Champion of 1
•^);.; Thoughtful. Truth. .-, : ;
or J l a
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
/"):,; ALL THE TIME.
«■ :, ■ — • ■ ■ ■ ■ ■.-•'-•:■
eJ : IT ADVOCATES I SENT BY °
HOME MAIL, Sl.3*
o( INDUSTRIES I A YEAR.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY • AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB-'
modeled . and ■ renovated. , KING, ; WARD A ,
; CO. < European plan. - Rooms ' tOe to $1 00 day. ■
$5 to «8 week, $8 to $30 month.' Free b«,th«; hot
: and cold water every room; fire fratea In •rerjt
room; elevator run* all night.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Decline In Silver.
Wheat and Wheat Freights quiet.
Wheat crop shorter than expected.
liarley. Oats and Rye dull.
Corn sagging again.
Hay still in large receipt.
■ White Beans still higher.
No change in Flour.
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Vegetables generally lower.
■ Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged-
Poultry dull and plentiful.
Fresh Fruits about the saxn*.
Dried Fruits quiet.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides lower and dull.
Leather very quiet.
Grain Bags declined.
Wool and Hops unchanged. «
Oils an before.
Shipment of $732,695 to China.
OUTPUT OF CANNED GOODS.
• The California Fruit Grower gives the fol
lowing- canned fruit and Vegetable output for
the season of 1897. Of the forty-four canneries
in the State, forty were In operation. The
goods are estimated In cases of two dozen 2Vi
poundeans: . Caseß ;
Cases.
pouna cans:
Cases.
Apples •iI'JS
Apricots s \'Al,
Cherries, black ,? 2> ?si
Cherries, white 11 i'liS
Currants 6.697
Grapes 82.206
J\e,-tarin< x l.Ma
Pears. BartJett 329> i^
years I] - 500 ■
Peaches "8.794
Plums 122,630
Quinces ■ 6.199
Strawberries 8,166
Raspberries 3,810
Blackberries 20,9.6
Gooseberries 4,809
Total table fruits' 1,753.280
Pie fruits 27.883
Gallon fruits 118.403
Jams and Jellies 43,416
Total fruits 1.942.982
Tomatoes 315.553
Peas 26.796
Asparagus 72.048
Beans and other vegetables 9,760
Total fruits and vegetables 2,379,139
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $732,695,
consisting of $590,315 In ---Tican dollars. $2380
In gold coin and 1140. In silver bullion.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 26, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka, 60; Fresno. 112; Los Angeles, 86; Red
Bluff, 110; Independence, 100; San Diego, 72;
Sacramento, 104; San Luis Obißpo, 88; Yuma,
110.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 72;
minimum, 54; njean, 63.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Ft iRECASTB.
An area of high pressure is central this even
ly near the Washington coast. An area of
It w pressure is reported from Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona. Unusually warm weather
prevails throughout Northern California.
Temperatures approximating 110 degrees are re
m the Interior valleys. Continued
■warm weather in the interior is expected
We Inesday. It will probably become cooler
near tht? coast.
F recasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 27, 1898:
Northern Calif -rnia— Fair Wednesday; cooler
n-;ir the coast; light north shifting to west
wind.
& uthern California — Fair Wednesday: cooler
OH the northern coast: fresh west wind.
N svada— Fair Wednesday.
Utah— Pair: warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco ami vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
becoming cooler and probably foggy Wednes
day a:ternoon and night; brisk to high west
wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 ;■. r>> Clear; wind w«?st. 12 miles an hour;
temperature, 94; maximum, 95.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 26.— A combination of
causes was responsible for the awakening of
the stock market to-day from the lethargy
that has held It for nearly two months. The
bears had their innings early In the day, a.«
eisted by a lower range of prices for Americans
from London. Later Northwest and its sub
sidiary road, Omaha, had a rally, and from
them the movement broadened and strength
ened all through the railroad list. Strength
■was also radiated from a group of bituminous
r 'ads. The activity and strength In
Eusrar also exercised an Influence In the mar
ket, accompanied thoueh it was by all sorts of
sensational rumors, and very obviously manip
ulated to squeeze the shorts. Peace runors
were renewed In the later dealings and the
announcement of the successful landing of the j
United States forces in Porto Rico also added I
to the buoyant tendency of the trading. But |
the most potential fact in the situation was the
growing certainty that an abundance of money
would continue at the command of the busi- i
ness of this country. Sterling exchange fell !
%c additional in the actual rates and %c in
the posted rates.
The surplus of Idle money was very evident
in the bond market seeking all issues except the
■class of gilt-edged bonds which have risen to
practically prohibitive prices. Total sales, !
$4,305,000.
United States old 4s registered advanced %
and the new 3s (when issued) declined % in
the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 321,500
shares, including: Atchison preferred, 14,100;
Baltimore and Ohio, 7492: Burlington, 15,300; i
Louisville and Nashville, 5775; Manhattan, 7547;
Reading preferred. 12.075; Missouri Pacific, 3410;
New York Central. 3625; Northern Pacific. 6020;
Northern Pacific preferred, 10.743; Rock Island '
10,990; St. Paul, 17,554; St. Paul and Omaha,
8545; Southern preferred, 3172; Union Pacific
preferred, 18,850; Spirits. 4330: Tobacco, 10.810"
Chicago Great Western, 6625: People's Gas 6535'
Pacific Mail 3575: Sugar, 77,200; Rubber, 6370-
Western Union, 6137.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P & Om 84%
Do prefd 34 , Do prefd 155
Baltimore & Ohio 14'; St P M & 1f..., 157
Canada Pacific .. M". So Pacific 20
Canada Southern. 54% So Railway ■ 8%
Central Pacific .. 15 Do prefd . . 31%
Ches & Ohio 22% Texas & Pacific.. 12%
Chi & Alton 180 Xnion Pac prefd. 61%
Chi B & Q 106% U p D & G 6
)'hi & E 111 67 Wabash 11. 7%
:CC &St L.... 42% Do prefd 19%
Do prefd 85 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson... 106 Do prefd ■ 10%
Del L & W 153 Express Companies—
Den A It C 12 Adams Ex 101
Do prefd 50% American Ex 135
Brie (new) 13% Cnlted States .... 40
Do Ist Drefd — ■'■'■ Wells Fargo . . 118
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
O1 Nor prefd 127% a Cot Oil 23%
Hocking Valley... 5% Do prefd 78%
Illinois Central .. 109% Amn Spirits 11%
Lake Erie A W.. 14- Do pre.fd 34%
Do prerd 71% Am Tobacco 121%
Lake Shore 189% Do prefd 126
Louis & Nash — 8."% People's Gas 99%
Manhattan L .... 106% Cons Gas " 196%
Met St Uv ir.l% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... 106% Col V & Iron 0%
Minn A- 61 L 2- 1 .. Do prefd ' 90 ■
Do Ist prefd.... 88 Gen Electric ... 33%
Mo Pacific 38% Illinois Steel £«'
Mobile & 0hi0... 25% Laclede Gas ...'.'. 60%
Mo X A T 10% Lead ;;; jr.ij
Do prefd 35 Do pr.-fd 109H
Chi !nd & I 10 Nat Lin Oil ... . 13%
Do prefd 37 Pacific Mail ; 29' i
N J Central 90% Pullman Palace MM
N V Central 118% Silver Certificates 58%
N y Chi &St i... 13 Stand it & T.. .. 6%
Do Ist prefd' .. 66 Sugar 133H
Do 2d irefd.... 53 Do prefd 113%
Nor West V TC & Iron ' 251
No Amer Co 8% U 8 Leather ... 7U
No Pacific 30 Do prefd .. . 67% ,
Da prefd 7!-.. US Rubber ..'.'.'. 8171
Ontario & W IS Do prefd unil
Or R & Nay 4? West Union '.'.'.'.'.' M
Or Short Line... 28% C ft N W " " imu
Pittsburg 170 ' Do prefd .'.'. 175
Beading 18 St L & BW. ." 5%
Do Ist prefd.... 41% Do prefd .. inu.
Rock Island 122 i: ', w ' " 6 i7
Bt Louis AS F... 7' a Do prefd ..'.'.'.'. fit!
Do Ist f<1.... 61 Chi G W. " 151'
Do Id prefd.... 18% Haw Com C 0..... ->4v
St Paul 100% Brooklyn l: T.. 55U
Do prefd 151% Union Pacific .:... 24%
CLOSING BONDS.
I? S new 4s reg.. 124% V J c 5s '„.. m
Do coup 125% \' Carolina 6s 125
US 4s 110 Do if 10*
Do coup 110% No Pae lsts 112%
Do 2ds 97 Do Sa . 65 •
f .-■ 5s reg 111% 1 >•> 4s *. 99%
Do 5s coup 112% x t C & St L 4s. 105
District 3.C5s 116% Nor ft W 6s 122
Ala class A 108 Northwstrn cons.- 142
Do 1} 100 Do deb r.s 116
Do C 90 O Nay lsts 11l
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay 4s »6%
Atchison 4s 95 OS Line Cs tr.... 127%
Do adj 4s -70 a i OS Line 5s tr.... 104%
CaifkHo 2ds 108% Pacific 6s of 95.. 102
Chi Term 4s Mi% Reading 4s ....... 83 —
C & Ohio 55....... 114% R Q W lsts 89
C II & I) 4Us 104% St L & I M C ss. ?S%
D & R G 15t5....-109 St L4S r(i Cs." 117%
D & RG 4s 95 St P C0n.... 146
East Term Ist?.. 106 St P C & V lsts. US
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do is 118%
F W & D lsts tr. 73% Bo Ry 5s 6.-, "
Gen Electric Es.. 104% Stand R & T 65.. 71
G H&■S A6s 104 Term new set 35.. 91%
Do 2ds ..: 105 Tex PL G lsts.. 106
H &TC 6b 110% Do Rir 2d5...... 43
Do-con 65....... 11l Union Pac 4s '97%
lowa a Wta........ 101 UPD & O lsta. 724.
La new cons 4b.. 104 |Wab Ist 6s 110V4
LAN Uni 45.... SS% Do 2ds 90
irl 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108%
M X & T 2d5.... 86% Va Centuries 70%
Do 4s 89% Do deferred .... 6
N V Central lsts. UO 7 ;,
MINING STOCKS.
Choilar 14 Ontario 1 B0
Crown Point 02 Ophir 13
il & Va... 35 Plymouth 12
Dwdwood 30iQulcksllver 125
<:.>uld & Curry... 05: Do prefd 360
vv Norcross. 35 j Sierra Nevada .. 45
H D.t-stake 47 00 1 Standard 150
Iron Sliver 75 1 Union Con 15
Mexican OS ! Yellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westinghouse El. 24H
Call loans 2@'3 Do prefd 55
Time loans 3@4 Atchlson r>refd .. 25
Stocks— Boston L 66%
A T & S F 13% E E 111 1&5
Amer Sugar 138% Gen Elec nrefd... 93
Do prefd 114 Bonds-
Bay State Gas.. 11-16 Atchison 4s 93V4
Bell Telephone ..274 I Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 225 Allouez Mln Co.. 3743 7 4
Boston & Maine. 16U4 Atlantic 26%
Chi B & Q ]064iBoston & Mont.. 205%
Fitchburg lOOVi : Ilutte & Boston.. 24T4
Uen Electric 3»V» Icalumet & Hecla. 560
Illinois Steel 67 Centennial 14
Mexican Central. 4%|Franlin 12H
N V & New Eng. 94>* Osceola 47%
Old Colony 193* Tamarack 154
Rubber 31'^ i Wolverine 23"*
Union Pacific .... 24V* Parrott 22%
West End S4Vi Old Dominion ... 234
Do prefd 104
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Money on call easy,
I@l% per cent; last loan, 1% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%tf?4 per cent. Sterling ex
change weak, with actual business In bankers'
billa at $4 H% for demand an.t $4 83H@4 83% for
sixty days; posted rates. $4 84U<?f4 So and $4 S6
<g4 S6V»; commercial bills, $4 82 I *<g4 S3. Stiver
certificates. sS%'g's9H. Bar silver. 59c. Mexican
dollars, 46c. Government bonds, firm; Stata
bonds, dull; railroad bonds, strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 26.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here continued lifeless to-day. The
settlement shows a good account and Is favored
by easy money. Contangoes on Americans
were about 2V» per cent. The general tone of
Americans was good, but investment stocks
were lower on indications of possible dearer
money. The markets were quiet, but the close
was decidedly firm on New York support. The
discount market is rising on the fall of Ameri
can exchange. The question of gold exports
to New York Is freely discussed, some people
affirming that gold may go next month. Such
talk, however, is premature.
PARIS. July 26.— Spanish 4s closed at 38.10.
LONDON, July 26.— Canadian Pacific, 87%;
Grand Trunk, 7%; Bar Silver, quiet, 27^d per
ounce; Money, per cent.
.MADRID, July 26.— Spanish fours closed at
63.25. Gold was quoted to-day at 72.50.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
13,609 barrels; exports, 27,163 barrels. Market
weak and s@lsc lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 121,450 bushels; exports,
93,781 bushels; spot weak; No. 2 red, 75Vi<2'76c
f. o. t>. afloat export trade to arrive. Options
were weak all day. Aside from bearish Liver
pool cables selling was prompted by large ar
rivals of new wheat. July, 744f>78c, closed 76c;
September, 70* 8 5j71 3-16 c, closed 71c.
H< 'PS— Steady.
WOOL— Dun.
MJ:taLS— At the close to-day the MeUl Ex
change called riglron warrants dull with $6 50
bid and $6 6. r < asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $11 50; tin, quiet
and unchanged,, with $11 55@11 60 asked.
LEAL)— Quiet, with $3 &2U bid and $3 97Vi
aeked. The flim naming the settling price for
leading Western miners and smelters con
tinues to quote lead $3 80.
SPELTER— DuII, |4 50 bid and $4 60 asked.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points higher. Sales, 25.J50 bags, includ
ing August J5 45(&-5 50. Spot Coffee— Rio dull;
No. 7 invoice, 6c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6^c. Mild-
Quiet; Cordova, 84i§15c.
SUGAR— Raw fair; refining, BV4c; centrifugal.
96 test. 4'pc; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 12.261 packages. Firm;
Western creamery. 14(&lSc; Elgins, 18c; fac
tory. 11-21134.
EGGS— Receipts, 8248 packages. Steady;
Western, 14c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. July 26.— California dried
fruits, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Bc;
prime wife tray, SViSß^c; choice, S^tfeSc;
fancy, 9^c.
PRUNES— *©Be
APRICOTS— RoyaI, SVic; Moorpark. 10®12c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s#Bc; peeled, 12® 16c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet'-s indicate
the following changes in available supplies last
Saturday, as compared with the preceding Sat
urday:
Wheat— United States and Canada east of the
Rockies, decrease 993,000 bushels; afloat for and
in Europe, decrease 3,.".00,000 bushels; world's
supply, total decrease 4,493,000 hutfhels.
Corn— Unlfed States and Canada east of the
Rockies, decrease 1,919,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada east of the
Rockies, decrease 1,543,000 bushels.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 26.— Weather of the most
favorable character for the spring crop and
reported depression of prices at Liverpool and
London caused a weak feeling here at the
opening. July was much weaker than more
distant deliveries, owing to the freedom of
the movement of new wheat and the conse
quent greater reluctance of millers and ship
pers to continue paying premiums for imme
diate. The weather in the United Kingdom
and Continent was said to be favorable. Har
vesting was reported progressing In Russia
and Koumanla, with prospects of an enormous
yield. The spot price here was down four
cents, and outside markets reported a corre
sponding decline. Futures became heavier un
der that break in the cash market and prices
continued on the downward course until the
close of the session. July closed 3%c lower;
September 2'ic and December l%igl%c down.
Scattered showers and cooler weather start
ed corn lower. Scalpers were disposed to do
considerable selling and some of the promi
nent bulls also sold freely. The country, how
ever, was a good buyer through commission
houses, and a steady feeling waa developed.
The close was %<S%e lower than yesterday.
Oats were almost steady on a good seaboard
demand. September closed %c lower.
Provisions opened easy on the soft feeling
in corn and lower market for hogs. The mar
ket had an appearance of firmness at about
5c decline until near the close, when prices
slumped off on the break in wheat. Pork clos
ed 37^c lower; lard lufiUVs off; and ribs 15®
17Hc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Op. High. Low. Close. •
Wheat No. 2—
July 73 .73 70 70%
September 66% 66% 65% 65%
l>ecemo«r 66% 66% B.'iV«j *> -%
Corn No. 2—
July 34% 35 34% 34%
September 35 35% 34% 34%
December '.." 35% 35% 35 35%
May 37% 88 37% 37%
Oats No. 2—
July i.... 25 '25 24% 25
September ...... 20% 20% 20% 20%
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 55
September .....9 95 995 9 62% 965
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September ..5 CO 5 62% 5 52% 5 52%
October 565 5 67% 5 57% 5 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 5 67'/ 2 6 67% 5 52% : 5 52%
October 5 67%- 5 67% 565 565
j Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, Steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 70'5S0c;
No. 2 red. 71% c; No. 2 corn,- M%086e; No> 2
oats, 24%@25c; No. 2 white, 28©28% c; No. 3
white, 27<&27%c; No. 2 rye, 45c; No. -2 barley,
32Jf35c; No. 1 flaxseed, 94c; prime timothy seed,
J2 55: mess pork, per bbl, «9 6009 65; lard, per
If lbs, $5 oO'aS 55; short ribe sides (loose), $5 35
(g.5 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), ■ $4 75@5;
short clear sides (boxed), Si >''uH 03.
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10.700 7,400
Wheat, l.'ishels 7] 17,200
Corn, bushels 333.500 45C.000
Oats, bush<-ls 242.200 165,100
Rye, bushels 11,900
Barley, bushel? 2,200 800
On the Produce . Excange to-day the butter
market was firm. Creameries, 13%@i7%c;
dairies, 12JJ15C. Eggs, steady; fresh. He.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. 1 Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis C 9.920 .. 3G.UGO
Duluth .................33 642' ' 46,868
Milwaukee 89,750 '
Chicago 11.850 17,211
Toledo 270,796 101,700
St. Louis 74.000 19.000
Detroit 66,609 27,470
Kansas City 73,500 . , 74,000
Totals ;..... 690,367 222,909
Tidewater-
Boston '......;. 8.400'
New York' ....... ....... ..... 121.450 • 93 781
Philadelphia' ." 6,952 2!g23
Baltimore ; .103,003 " ' ' 64,000
New Orleans ' .......
Galveston 34,650 ' 26*066
' Totals ..■......'......'...1274,455 180 304
PARIS FUTURES. /
Wheat— July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening, 53 SO • 44 SO
Cloning '.. 53 95 44 60
' Flour— ■. ■■> -■• ■. - -
Opening 23 00 20 45
Closing .........-..;. ......22 75 20 50
'■'■■ .. LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
0penin^;:.'....:.::.:...;.;^ 1^ '■ Sept. . Deo.
Opening 67 58% 56
. Cloning ..... 59 55%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTJLY 27, 1898.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 26.— CATTLE— Were not as
strong as yesterday, bulk selling s@loc lower.
Choice steers, $5 25@5 75; medium, $4 80@4 95;
beef Fteers, $4 25(2 4 75; stockers and feeders,
$3 40@4 80; bulls, $3ig4 25; cows and heifers,
I J34J4 20; calves, $3 50<&>7; western steers, $4 30
@.. r i 30.
HOGS— Trade in hogs was fairly active at
strong prices. Fair to choice; $4 02@4 17; pack
ers, $3 85(g4; butchers, $3 90<ff4 12; mixed, $3 85
Jj4 07: llsht. $3 80tfi>4 05; pigs. $3@3 90.
SHEEP— Buyers did not take hold of sheep
very eagerly and prices declined 15@25c. Fair
to choice cheep. $4(£4 50; western, $4@4 40;
rams, $2<g2 75; good to choice lambs, $5 50@6;
prime, $fi 10<§'6 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs, 19,000; sheep,
9000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. July 26.— CATTLE— Receipts
8000. Market steady; native steers, $4<gs 20;
cows and heifers. $1 sntf?4; stockers and feed
ers, $3-g4 95; bulls. $2 60@4.
HOGS— Receipts 18,000. Market weak to 5c
lower; bulk of sales, $3 70@3 90: heavies, $3 80
@5; packers, $3 75<g3 95; mixed, $3 70@3 90;
lights. $3 65@3 85; yorkers, $3 80-53 85; pigs,
$3 20® 3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm; lambs,
$3@s6; muttons, $2(gs4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. July 26.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2400.
Active, stronger; native beef steers, $4 60®
5 25; western steers, $4<Jj4 70; cows and heifers,
$3 40(g4 30; stockers and feeders, $3 611(54 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 11,000. Steady; closed shade
lower; mixed. $3 85@3 87Vi; heavy, $3 85@3 92ft;
lights, $3 85(83 87%.
SHEEP— Recelptß. 600. Market steady; fair
to choice natives, $3 60®4 40: do westerns, $3 50
@4 20; common, $3 25<g4; lambs, $4©6.
DENVER.
DENVER, July 26.— CATTLE— Receipt*. 800.
Market quiet. Beef steers, $3 80<g>4 76; oowi,
$3@4 25; feeders, freight paid to river, $4@4 30;
stockers, do. $8 50®4 50; bulls and «tags, $2<B'3.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market firm. Light
packers, $3 705 3 85; mixed, $3 85@3 90; heavy,
$3 SOS'S 90.
SHEEP— none. Market unchanged.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. July California fruit* sold
to-day as follows:
Plums— Washington, 75®900; Bradshaw, 65c@
$1 25; Columbia. 90c®$l 05; Royal Hatlve, 55c.
Prunes— Tragedy. 50c; German. 75@90c. Cherries
—Royal Anne, 25@70c. Pears— Bartlett, $1 40<3>
CHICAGO. July 26.— California fruits sold to
day as follows: _
Pears— Bartlett, 90c@$l 40 per box. Prunes-
Tragedy. $1 06@l 25 per single crate. Plums—
Washlngtons, $1 15 per single crate; Brad
shaws, 75c1?5l 10: Burbanks, 90c; Columbias,
85c. Nectarines— per single crate. Peaches
—Fosters, 65c per box: Eastern Crawfords, 40
@65c; St. Johns and Hale's Earlys 30c.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned Califor
nia fruit as follows:
CHICAGO, July Plums— Eureka, 12 10;
Wlckson. $1 75; Satsuma, $1 02; Diamond. $1 35;
Peach Plums, $110; Egg Plums. $110; Wash
ington, $1 25. Prunes— $1 18; Silver,
$1 40; Bartlett Pears averaged $1 2501 32: Craw
ford Peaches, 65c; Fontalnbleau Grapes, $1 23.
Weather warm. Seven cars sold.
NEW YORK, July 26.— Washington,
75@90c; average, S3c: Bradshaw, 65c'ff$l 25;
average, 73c; Columbia, 90c@$l 05; averni?<\ "He;
Royal Hatlve, 56c; Tragedy Prune*. SOc; Ger
man, 75if90c; average, 82; Royal Anne Cher
ries, 25@70c; average, 40c; Bartlett Pears. $1 40
01 70; average, $1 63. Weather hot. Fourteen
cars sold.
PITTSBXJRG, July Bartlett Pears, $1 25
©1 60: average, $1 35.
BOSTON. July 26.— Bartlett Pears, $1 35@1 90;
average. $1 69; Tragedy Prunes, $1 10; German,
80c; Nectarines, $1 85: Plums. Purple Duane,
$175; Early Crawford Peaches, EOc. Six cars
sold.
PHILADELPHIA, July 26.— Bartlett Pears,
$1 22@1 45: average, $1 37.
MONTREAL, July Bartlett Pears, $1 61;
Early Crawford Peaches, $1 45; Purple Duane
Plums. $1 81; Tragedy Prunes. $1 60; Nec
tarines. $1.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, July 26.— The demand for wool Is
rather better Just now and shows an improve
ment over that of the past few months. The
sales show more moderate lots taken, as well
as some good-sized blocks. Quotations:
Territorial wools— Montana, fine medium and
fine, 15017 c; do scoured. 45c; do staple. 4Sc;
Utah, Wyoming, etc.. fine medium and fine, 14
@16o; do scoured, 4GTil6c: do staple, 48c.
Australian wools—Secured basis, combing,
superfine. 709720; good. 65«}6Sc; average, 62®
ooc; Queensland combing, 65c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 26.— Consols, lllii; Sliver,
27% d; French Rentes, 103f 12<£c
Wheat cargoes off coast, easier, less active;
cargoes on passage, heavy and depressed; Eng
lish country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL., July 26.— Wheat, dull; No. 1
standard California 6s 9d©6s 9^d; Wheat In
Paris, firm; Flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, weak; weather In England, fine;
Cotton, uplands, 3 13-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull; July, 6s 7d;
September, 6s 9d; December. Sb s%id.
CORN— July, quiet, 3s 3>»id; September, quiet,
3s 7&d; October, quiet, 3s 5V«d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July 26.— COTTON— Quiet
and steady; middling, r. 7 £c.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., July 26— The Wheat mar
ket continues very dull, with few sales. The
first carload of new Wheat was received to
day. Export values are 58rg80c for Walla Walla
and about 63c for blue stem and valley.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., July 26.— Exchanges, 1240,
526; balances, $44.687.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, isight...."... . — *87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85%
' Sterling Cables ...; ; - — 4 88
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%,
New York Exchange, sight — . 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — -69
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— nominal at 27s 6d,
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 14,550, against
49,900 tons on the 'same date last year; dis
engaged, 24,250 tons, against 111,600; on the way
! to this port, 211,250 tons, against 222,900.
WHEAT — from the threshers are dis
appointing, ana the yield will probably be less
than anticipated a month or bo ago. The mar
ket remains very dull and prices show no
i change worthy of note.
I Spot Wheat— Shipping, %1 22%@1 25; milling,
| $1 30© 1 40 per ctl.
, CALL, BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock December —-2000
ctls, $126%; 18.000, $1 26%; 2000, 26%.
Second December — 4000 ctls $1 26;
2000, $1 26%; 2000, $126%.
Regular morning session — December— ctls,
$125; 10.000, $1 25%; 6000, $1 25%; 2000, $1 25%;
8000, $1 25%. t . '
Afternoon session — December ctls,
$1 25Vi; 10,000. $1 25%; 14,000, $1 25; 30,000, $1 24%.
BARLEY — The market shows no change and
trade is as dull as ever.
Feed, $1 15@1 20; Brewing, $1 30@l 35.
CALL BOARD; SALES.
Informal session 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 19.
Regular morning session — December— ctls,
$1 19; 16,000. $1 18%; 18,000, $1 18%.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 18%; 4900, ft 18%; 8000. II 18%; 4000, $1 18%. .
OATS— The market continues motionless at
the familiar prices. Fancy Feed, $1 32%@1 35
per ctl; good to choice, $1 25^1 32%; common,
\V\Vti®\. 22%; Surprise, $1 32%@1 35; Gray,
$1 22%@1 25; milling, ft 30<gi 35 per ctl.
CORN— advance was too sharp. It waa
not Justified by the demand, which is slow, and
prices are falling again. Small round yellow,
JT2.v«l 30; Eastern large yellow, sacked, $1 10@
112%; white, ft 15@1 20; mixed, ft 06®l 10 per
ctl.
RYE— Dull at $1 20@l 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— ft 70(0-1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
There is nothing new. Trade is dull.
• FLOUR— Faintly extras, $4 65(8)4 75; bakers'
extras, $4 40<g<4 50 per bbl. . , \~
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks .' are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Klce Flour, $7; Cornmeal, ■$2 60; • extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
U Hominy, $3 2."fj3 50; Buckwheat Flour, Si
4/4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4 50;
■Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
ley), $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $1 50
per ICO lbs. ;
HAT AND , FEEDSTUFFS.
The excitement Incident to the appearance of
the new crop of Hay is : about : over and r the
market is getting* pretty well settled. Dealers
expect more regularity from • now on, ; as : most
of the farmers who are obliged* to sell as soon
as their Hay is baled have sent in their ship
ments. ■ and there will ■ probably be less f confu
! sion from now on. The fact that- pasturage Is
i already getting short, •at least ■ three months
earlier than usual," will, tend to keep a good
deal of Hay In the country for farm use which
would otherwise be sent here- for sale. At
present arrivals are large and the feeling Is
weak in consequence.
1 Fredstuffs are unchanged. •• -
BKAN— sl6®l6.sO per ton. : .
MIDDLINGS— S2OO22 per ton. ' -
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, • $26 ' per ton •
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31^31 50; -Jobbing
$32^T32 50; Cocoanut • Cake, $24 £25; Cottonseed
Meal. $28(530 , per ton; Cornmeal, J23®23 50-
Cracked ! Corn, ■ $21^24 50. ■: • . :• - i . **..-.'
1 HAY— Wheat,' $18(F?.1S CO for choice and $16 50®
17 50 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, '$16® IS ■
Oat, $15^17; Barley, ,$15®16; Island Barley, $13
©14 SO; Alfalfa. $12@13 50; Clover, , nominal. ,
STRAW— 6O3BSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Another advance In White Beana U noted.
They are very firm. The colored sorts con
tinue dull. Limas are also higher.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 75<£f2 90; Small Whites.
$2ig-2 15; Large Whites, ?1 9C@2; Pinks. $2 50<@
2 60; Reds. $2 60(52 75; Blackeye. $3 15@3 25;
Butters, nominal; Llmas. $3; Pea, $2@2 15; Red
Kidneys, $2 ;.OQ2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@6 per ctl; Yel
low Mustard. $4 25; flax, $2@2 05; Canary Seed,
J%@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2\4Q)
2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy. 6@s'4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green, $2@2 10
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The only firm article under this head is Corn.
Everything else is weak and most kinds are
lower under free stocks.
POTATOES— 4O©SOc in . sacks and sO@BOc in
boxes for Early Rose and 45@60c in sacks and
65@90c, in .boxes for Burbanks; Salinas Bur
banks, 65@80c.
O-NIONS — 4:.®55c per ctl for red and 60@750
per ctl for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2Hc ; String
Beans, 3(g'4c per lb; Lima Beans, 4@sc; Bay
Squash, 25@40c; Green Peppers, 30@50c for
Chile and $I^l 50 for Bell; Dried Peppers. 5*8160 ;
Cabbage, 50c per ctl; Carrots, 30(g50c per sack;
Bay Cucumbers, 15@35c; Vacaville Tomatoes,
2i'(g i 6oc; Los Angeles, 75c per box: River Toma
toes, 75c@$l 25; Green Corn, 50c@$l per sack
for Vacaville. $1 25(J?1 50 per crate for Alame
da and 75<S85c for Berkeley; Garlic, 2ig3c per
lb: Green Okra, 40@65c; Egg Plant. 50@75c per
box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. 16S18o; granulated, raw, 13c;
( unions,, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c: new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, SOc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern will be offered to
day.
The market rules dull at the low prices, with
plenty of stock on hand.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. l»@15o for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; young Turkeys,
18c; Geese, per pair. 75c@$l; Goslings, $1®
1 25; Ducks, $2 75@3 for old and $3@4 for young;
Hens, $4@6; Roosters, young. $4 50@6 60; Roos
ters, old, $4@ 1 4 50; Fryers, $3@4; Broilers, $3
§3 50 for large; $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1
1 25 per dozen for young and $1 60 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There Is no further weakening In Butter.
Eggs and Che*>se are firm. Prices for all kinds
remain unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, too; seconds,
0S@19c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17@18c; common
grades, lfi@16c.
Eastern butter — Ladle packed, 14@15o per lb;
Elgin, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8@9c; old, 7®
7^»c; Cream Cheddar, lOfjfllc; Young America,
8%Q9Hc; Eastern, 12<S13c.
EOGS— Ranch Eggs, is^21c per dozen; store
Eggs, ISQISc; Eastern. 13«il6c spot and ISc for
fancy to arrive; Puck Eggs, 17@18c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners continue good customers for
Apricots. Peaches, Plumß and Pears at the
quoted rates.
Grapes rule slow. Melons continue to weak
en under larger arrivals. Figs are still scarce.
Nectarines are dull. Crabapples are in better
supply and nulet.
Citrus fruits rule dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
■ Strawberries, $3@5 per chest for large and
$7 for small.
Figs, 60c per box for single and 75c@$l 25 for
double layers.
1 Cantaloupes. $2 60@4 per crate and $1250150
per box; Nutmegs, $1 25igl 50 per box; Water
melons, $7@15 per hundred.
Huckleberries, 10c per lb.
Red Nectarines, 75c@$l; White Nectarines,
50<S65c per box.
Fontalnebleau Grapes from Vacavllle, 80®75c
per box and 50@85c per crate; Black Grapes, 76c
per box.
Blackberries, $3@4 per chest.
Plums, 40@65c per crate and 25@50c per box;
In bulk, $10 per ton for green and $12 50@15 for
yellow. . £
Apricots, 50@75c-per box and $40@70 per ton
In bulk.
Peaches. 2S@7sc per box; 00@75c per basket; In
bulk, to canners. $30*340 for Freestones and $70
@100 nominally for Clings.
Crabapples, 25©50 c per box.
Raspberries, $4#6 per chest.
Apples. 35@60c for common, and 7."c7Jsl per
box for No. 1; choice Gravensteins, $1 25.
Bartlett Pears, $I@l 2. . per box and $23335
per ton for No. 1, and 50@75c per box for No 2
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranftes, $1 25@1 60 for St.
Michaels. $If<l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 7">c6sl 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 25@2
for common and $2 50<ff3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6: California Limes. 50c per
box; ; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$3® 4 per dozen. .&&-. - x .. ,
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISrNS. ETC.
Buyers would like to secure new Prunes on
the basis of 34c for the four sizes, but find
no sellers at this figure. Apricots are steady
but not as active as they were. There is noth
ing: new In the new crop of Peaches thus far.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, carload lots, 44
<S?se for 40-50" n, 4>, 4 <g"44c for CO-60s, 3%@4c for
60-70's, Z\itiiZ\~c for 70-SO's: 2%'63c for 80-90's; 2
@2'<jc for 90-100's; Peaches, 4@54c; peeled, 1013 1
124 c: new Apricots, 84 l fi9 l -.c for Royals; old
Apricots, 587 c for Royals and S^jlOc for good
to fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 6H<fs>
7c; sun dried, 3f74c; Black Figs, in sacks, 2$
24c; Plums, 4ff44c for pitted and l@lUc for
unpitted; bleached Plums, sc; Nectarines. 3?j
44c for prime to fancy; Pears, 24@44c for
quarters and 3®54c for halves, according to
color, etc.
RAISINS— 2f72"4c< for two-crnwn. 2U'?2 3 4c for
three-crown; 3<J?34c for four-crnwn, 3tf?4c for
.Seedless Sultanas; 2l~'3sc2 l ~'3sc for Seedless Mus
catels and $l!5'l 15 for London layers; dried
Grapes. 2c.
NUTS— Walnut*, 3ft4c for hardshell, 4<J?Bc for
softshell; Almonds. 3®4c for hardshell, 6!^7c for
softshell; S'-s®9e for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4ifj)
6Hc for Eastern and 44c for California; Pe
cans, 64J/Sc; Filberts, 34(f?l<ic; Brazil Nuts,
8(0 9c per 1b; Cocoanuts, $4 50*55 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9<??10c for bright and 6@~c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 54Q>
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@54c per Ib.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Trade continues dull at the old prlcea.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9<£c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12®12'4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. lOH^llc; Cali
fornia Hams, S^igilOc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11: Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork. $10: extra clear,
$17®17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12'{i\2^c
per lb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and 8c for pure; pails, i\c;
California tierces, sVic per lb for compound
and 7c for pure: half barrels, Thkc; 10-lb tins,
8c; 5-lb tins. B^4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. S%<aC%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 In a case, 9 l *c:
3-lb pails, 20 In a case. B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case, SVfcc: 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7v4c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. B%c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
bnrrels, about 110 lbs. 7i*c per lb.
Hides are lower and dull.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Wool and Hops remain quiet at previous
prices. Stocks of Wool are free, both here
and in the East. The local scourers are doing
a little something, hut not much.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, Sc; light. 8«,»: Cow
hides. 9c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 8c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, Jsc: dry Calf. 17c;
GoatFkins. 27^ra30c; medium, 30c; winter, 10c:
Sheepskins, shearlings, l.V?f2sc each; short wool,
30'5540c each; medium, 60<gS0c; long wool, 90c@
51 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, $2 25 for large
and $I@l 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehldes,
dry, $1 75 for large and 75c@$l 25 for small;
Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V«c per n>; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 44®4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips, Southern Mountain, 7@10o;
free Northern, 9© 12c. Spring clip — Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. EKS'lt' 1 : San .Tonquln and
Southern, 7 months 1 , 8@10e; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14e; dr>, defective. 10(ffil2c;
Middle county, 13Jil6c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 14(tJ16c; Nevada, lOQMc; Eastern Oregon,
WffUr; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@l2Uc per It>.
Hogs show less weakness, as the receipts
are more moderate, but prices are unchanged.
The other descriptions are as before.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6V4c; second quality,
stt<g6c; third quality, 4<4©sVbc
VEAL— Large, 4<g.se; small, 6<§>7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7HOBc; Ewes, 7@7%0
per It). a
LAMB— Spring. B@B%c per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 4Vi<ff4V4c for large. 4V4*3>
4%c for medium and 4<g>4V4 for small; stock
Hogs, 2@3M>c; dressed Hogs. 6@7Vi.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags are lower at
4^ic; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New W«I
ington, $8: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 In
Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
Backs.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 10%e; Sisal, 10Uc basis.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $1 40; Peaches,
$1 25; Pears, $1 25; Apricots. $1 25.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $1; Toma
toes, 95c.
CANNED FRUITS— The market for canned
fruits Is firm and but lightly supplied, and the
tendency In prices Is rather upward than down
ward. Cherries, $1 40; Peaches. $1 25; Pears,
$1 25; Aprlcotß, $1 25.
COFFEIS— Cgeta Rica, 14^®160 for prime
washed, 13%<§;i4c for good washed. 14H@16c for
good to prime washed peaberry, 12^i@14c for
I good peaberry, 11H013V4 for good to prime,
104@llc for good current mixed with black
beans, 9@loVic for fair, 6<gßc for common to or
dinary. Salvador— Ufe@l4Hc for good to prime
washed, 10@llc for fair washed, 12>4@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry, B?i@9»ic for
superior unwashed, B%(§S*, 2 c for good green
unwashed, HViS'lUic for good to prime un
washed peaberry. Nicaragua— B@9c for good to
superior unwashed, lligllVfcc for good to prime
unwashed peaberry- Guatemala and Mexican —
16<g>17c for prime to fancy washed, 14@15c for
good to strictly good washed, 10<gl3c for fair
washed, 7Vi@&Vfec for medium, s@7c for inferior
to ordinary. 14@16c for good to prime washed
peaberry, llf ll^c for good unwashed pea
berry, S'^<s9^ic for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 4 1 ,4 c; Imitation Eastern, B^e; boneless,
5Hc; strips, s%@7Hc; blocks, 5%@7c; tablets,
~ l ,ic ; middles, 6H@S%c per lt>; desiccated, 87% c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates) ;
Linseed Oil in barrels, boiled, 46c; raw, 44c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 56c; No. 1, 46c; cases 5c more; China
Nut, 49@66c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white,
80c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 2o@
135 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per
gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. In bulk, ll^ic
per gallon: Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral Oil,
17c; Star Oil. 17c; Extra Star Oil, 21c Elaine
Oil, 22c; Eocene Oil, 19c; Deodorised Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, 12>*e; in cases, 17^c; 63
degree Naphtha, In bulk, HHc; in eases, 16% c;
86 degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 6s, 16
oi. 7Ho; 6s. 14 or, 6%c; 6s, 12 oz, s^c; 6s, 10 oz.
4%c; Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s, 16 ox, 8%o;
6s. 14 oz. 7%c; 6a. 12 oz, 7%c; 6s. 10 oi. 6Hc;
Parafflne Wax Candles— Is, 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s,
white. 8c; colored, 9c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@70 per Ib.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 45c; In iron bar
rels, 40c; in wooden barrels, 420 per gallon.
LUCOL — Boiled, barrels, 41c; raw, barrels,
89c; cases. 5e more.
QUICKSILVER— S42 50@43 per flask.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25<3>J8e per
lb: do medium, 24@25c; do light, 23®25c;
Rough Leather, heavy, 24(??25c; do, light, 23®
24c; Harness Leather, heavy, 30ijT3<lc; do, me
dium, 27@30c; do, light, 26@28c; Collar Leather,
14W15C per foot; Kips, finished, 40'g'45c per lb;
Veal, finished, 50® 55c; Calf, finished. 75c<j?U;
Sides, finished, I6<gil7c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14@16c per In; Rough Splits, B@loc.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 64c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, 5%c; Confec
tioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A. 5Hc; Extra C,
5%c: Golden C, 5Hc; California A. 5%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
Vi,c more.
LUMBER. ETC.
POSTS— IO£I2o each for No. 1, and 6®Bc for
No. I.
LTTMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $17@18 50; extra sizes, higher;
Redwood-slß@2o for No. 1 and »16@18 for No.
2; Lath. 4 feet. 12 40@2 50; Pickets, $17; Shin
gles, $1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy;
Rustic, $21©26.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There Is nothing: new in mlnlnr stocks.
Local Eecuritles were active, especially the
sugar stocks, and Hawaiian Comrnenclal rose
to $25. Oceanic sold down to $56.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay a dividend of 50c per share on
the Ist of August.
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Hale & Norcross.
Savage
113
95
M
68
50
59
12
M
23
74
84
..July I!
..July I
..July '
..July i
..July If
..July r
..July II
..July 21
..July Z
..Aug. '
..Aug. \
!..Aug.2B
i-.AUK. 29
j.. Aug. 23
..Aug. 23]
..Aug. 30
|..Aug. 10
..Aug. 12
..Aug. 16
..Aug. 23
..Aug. 31
..Aug. 29 1
10
10
15
10
15
I 05
I 26
15
I 05
J 05
10
Chollar
lielcher
I'otosi
Alta
Con. Cal. & Va...
Confidence
Utah
Crown Point
Gould & Curry...
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, July 26—2 p. m.
Btd.Ask. Bid.Ask.
TT 8 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 51 614
Is quar c0up.,11041114 Pac Gas Imp.. 864 —
4s quar reg...110 111 Pac L Co 49 —
Is quar new...125-\1264 S F G & E... 87* 874
Miscellaneous — San Fran 3 3>4
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — Stock Gaa .... 13 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 85... 97 100 Flrem's Fund. — 305
Dup-st ex c... — 984 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65..1254 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 88
F&CI Ry 68.1144 — Bank of Ca1.. 243 2474
Geary-st U ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 96 98
II C& S 545. .100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A. ...1274 —
Do gntd 65.. 97 101 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65. .124 — Nev Nat 13. ...156 162»4
Do Ist M is.. 1144114% Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s lsts— 974 Ger S L L.. — 1650
NCXG Ry 75.104 — iHum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cn.l 65. .108 — IMutual Say. — 424
N Ry Cal 55. .102 1024 S F Say U.. 4SO —
N PC R R os. loo 1024 S & L 50..,. — 100
NPC R R 65. 103 10S Security S B 300 —
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is 5b..108%109% Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 1264— California ....106%108
P & O 6s 107 — Geary 40 —
P&CI Ry 6s. 103 105 Market-st .... 53 534
Powell-st 65... 119 — Presidio 64 8
Reno WLAL..IOO — Powder-
Sac El Ry 55.100 — California ....145 160
SF& N P 55.10G%107^4 E Dynamite... 85 —
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 47% 4S\4
B P of Ar 65..104?4105% Vtgorlt 3 ?4
S P Cal 6s — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Al Pac Assn.. 94 95
6PBr 6s 11441154 Ger Ld Wks..llo —
S V "Wat 45... 102 Vi — Hana P C 0.... 15% —
S V Wat 65... 1174 — H C& S Co.. 25 25%
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — Hutch S P Co. 504 51
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Marin Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. — 57*4
Spring Valley. 984— Pac A F A.... 1% 2%
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C 0.... 100 104
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. — 11
Morning Session.
100 Giant Powder Con 48 28
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 624
25 do do 23 50
150 do do 23 75
50 do do 23 874
$2000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5b 114 50
200 Hutchinson S P Co .• 50 37V4
25 Oceanic Steamship Co, s 30 66 75
60 do do 56 50
5 do do 56 00
35 do do B6 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
25 do do 87 1314
$5000 S P of A Bonds 105 00
J2OOO S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 87ft
Street—
$3000 Oakland Gas Bonds 109 00
Afternoon Session.
85 Hana Plantation Co 15 874
10 Hutchinson S P Co 60 50
130 do do 50 624
$1000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds, ss. ...114 50
25SF Gas * Electric Co 87 25
60 do do 87 374
55 do do 87 50
85 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 50
10 do do 24 374
25 do do 24 624
50 do do 24 75
325 do do 25 00
50 do do 24 S~Vi
50 do do b 5 25 00
45 Pacific Gas Imp 86 25
15 Spring Valley Water 98 25
Street—
$5000 Oakland Gas Bonds. 2s 109 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 86 75
Afternoon Session.
35 Market-street Railway 53 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 374
50 Hutchinson S P Co 50 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 12! 100 Confidence 37
800 Best & Belcher 17 300 Ophir 19
300 Choi lar 18 100 Union Con 20
200 Con Cal & Va.. 38 1 100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 061100 Con Cal & Va.. 39
100 Belcher 12 200 Confidence 36
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 051300 Sierra Nevada.. 50
100 Best & Belcher 17 250 Union Con 20
400 Chollar 18 200 Yellow Jacket... 16
200 Ophlr 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, July 26—4 p. m.
: / Bid.Ask. '.?'■' ' " Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice ....... 05
Alta ............ 08 09 Kbntuck ..;.... 03 04
Andes . .05 06 Lady Wash ..•.. — 02
Belcher .. .12 13 Mexican ....... 10 12
Best & Belcher 17 19 Occidental ..... 50 —
Bullion ........: 04 05 Ophlr ........... 17 .19
Caledonia .'...:. 15 20 Overman •...;.".. 05 .06
Chollar ......... 17 18 Potosl .......... 17 ■* 19
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage ......... 12 13
Confidence ..... 35 40 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va. 38 39 Scorpion ... ..... '01 —
Con Imperial . / — ' 03 Sierra Nevada. •' 48 ' ' 49
Crown Point-.. 04 05 Silver. Hill .... 05 08
Con New York. — 03 Standard ...... 145 . —
Eureka Con ... — . 20 Syndicate — -03
Exchequer —03 Union Con . 17 19
Gould & Curry. 05 07 Utah 02 03
Hale & Norcrs. 46 ; — Yellow Jacket. 15 17
Julia ..V........ — V 02 ./ . ..'
"..■ :', :•■..'■-•-. : '• » ♦ ■ ". k- ■ ;■ .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel W. Levy to Kmllle L. Lewis (wife of
William), lot on E line of Van Ncsa avenue,
68:10 S of Butter street. S 73:8 by E 109; $10,000.
Archibald p. and Anna E. ilclntjr» (Pat-
ridge) to Florence a. Perine (wife of G«orge |
M-i, lot on W line of Laguna street, 90 N of |
Lombard, N 30 by W 110- also lot on W line
of Laguna street, 30 N of Lombard, N SO by
W no; $260.
Frederick W. E. and Mary E Ruhling to
Mary D. Ruhling, lot on N line pf Halght
street, 125 W of Webster W 24 4 by N 137:6; j
$5000. i
Enterprise Mutual Building and Loan Asso
elation to Christine L. Kern, lot on SW line of
Norfolk (Nevada) street, 357 6 SE of Folsom,
SE 25 by SW 73; $10.
James and Sarah Perry to Frederick Muiller.
lot commencing 185 E of Guerrero street and SO
S of Brosnan. S 52 by E 25; $600 I
William H. and Grace M. Crim. George S.
Crlm (and as trustee estate Samuel Crim).
Samuel M. and W. H. Crim Jr. to Hannah
Pearson (wife of Frederick O.), lot on S line of
Twenty-second street, 25 E of Bryant, E 25 by
S 85; $1000.
Monica Lohman to Alfred C. Hurrell, lot on
SW corner of Vlcksburg and Elizabeth streets,
S 114 by W 25; $10.
John E. and Maria Russell to Mary and Red
mond O'Connor, lot on S line of Twenty-eighth
street, 2SO W of Church, W 25 8 by S 114; $650.
William H. Snyder to John and Mary Auld.
lot on N line of Twenty-second street, 59:3 W
of Eureka, W 25 by N 85; $m.
Philip Lille to Michel Lille, lot on S line of
Vallejo street, 57:8 E of Dupont. E 42 by 8 28,
also lot on S line of Vallejo street, 97:6 E of
Dupont. E 2:11V4 by S 28; $1000.
David D. Houston (by J. K. Moore, attorney),
to Jose R. Pico, blocks 259, 260 and 288. 50-vara
Alameda County.
Norman E. Campbell to Matilda Campbell,
lot 19, block 480, Adeline and Market Street
Homestead, Oakland; gift.
John Rohan to Florence Rohan, lot« 1, 2 and
8, block A, Kllnknervllle, Oakland Annex; gift.
Michael King to John J. Byrne, lot on E line
of Klrkham street, 176 N of West Fifth N 25
by E 115, being lot 18, block 491, Brtggs Tract
Map No. 2, Oakland; also lot on W line of
Poplar street, 176 N of West Fifth, N 25 by W
115. being lot 29, block 491, Brlggs Tract Map
2, Oakland: $560.
Commercial Bank of Berkeley to Mary J.
Hager. lot on W line of Henry street, 60 S
of Rose. S 60 by W 135, being lot 4. block 2.
Graves & Taylor Tract. Berkeley: $3000.
C. B. Stone to Euphemle Giroux, lot on N
line of Wilder street. 312:6 E of Mabel, E 37:6
by N 147.48, being lot 14 and E 12:6 of lot 13,
Mountain View Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Kate Geyser to Druid Hall Association, lot
on E line of Main street, 60:3 S of Neale, S 4 by
E 0, block B, Town of Pleasanton, Murray
Township; $100.
Ignatius and Anna Shlstek to Frank Selfert,
lot on E line of Harlan street, 110:1 N from
NW line of Peralta street, N 25, E 135. S 7:9.
SW to a point, W to beginning, block 803,
Watts Tract. Oakland; $2500.
James R. and Peter F. Curdy to J. M. Stow,
undivided 2-15 Interest in lot on NW corner of
Washington and Seventh streets, N 75 by W
100, block 75, Oakland; $8000.
Builders' Contracts.
J. W. Wissinger (contractor) with James A.
Wilson (sub-contractor). Pumping, foundation
plank, concrete floors and sidewalk, taking up
and replacing old granite curb and paving
blocks, furnishing certain beams, etc., for sup
porting sidewalk lights, elevator frames and
doors in connection with sidewalk, common
and pressed brick work on Fremont street
front, etc., bedding plates and window frames,
etc.. grading and tearing down rear walls
known as 13n Beale street, cutting down wall
on dividing line of Belshaw and Chabot prop
erty for a 4-story and basement structure on
NE line of Fremont street, 153:4 NW of How
ard. NW 45:10 by 137:6: $7975.
Southern Pacific Company (owners) with
Qulniby & Harrelson (contractors), architect
Henry A. Schulze. Excavating, {Trading, pump
inK. bulkheading. concrete work, cementln*.
iron work, terra cotta, flue linings for several
buildings, constituting a proposed hospital on
SW corner of Mission and Fourteenth streets,
S 240 by W 191:2; $8495.
Mary I. Keating (owner) with T. F. Foley
and H. A. Planz (contractors), architect M. J.
Welsh. Alterations and additions to make &.
2-story frame building. 2 tenements on S line
of Fourteenth street. 1W E of Guerrero. E 31:6
by S 108, M. B. 29; $14:»3.
Mrs. Emilie Ursin (owner) with W. R. Ken
ny (contractor), architect C. M. Rousseau. All
work for a 3-story frame building on SE line
of Silver street, 300 SW of Third, SW 25 by
SE 80; $3135.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, July 26.
Flour, qr «k9 ... 4,718 Lumber, ft 10,000
Barley, ctls 3,445 Raisins, bxs 1,750
Butter, ctls 456 Chicory, bbls 10
Cheesir, ctls 20 Rpans, sks 95
Corn, ctls 1,200 Potatoes, sks ... 1,732
Rye, ctlß 635 Onions, sks 669
Eggs, doz 17,130 Bran, Gks 420
Wine. gals 26,0<X> Middlings, eks .. 90
Leather, rolls ... 87 Hay, tons 627
Hides, no 754 Straw, tons 15
Pelts, bdls 210 Wool, bales .... 21
Quicksilver, flsk. 100 1
OREGON.
Hay, tons 301
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1.200;
THE) CALt, CALENDER.
ilily, 1891.
Moon* PhM«i.
©Pull Moon.
<*/ July 8
l
11
.fg-Last Quarter.
U July ia
/jjl Kew Moon.
W July 18.
1^ First Quarter.
W July *.
16
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 27.
Sun rises 5:09
Sun sets 7:23
Moon sets 11:56 p. m.
TV]
6:50
1:05
2:07
3:04
3:65
4:40
5:24
0.2 8:28
—0.3 9:38
—0.7 10:30
—1.0 11:10
—1.0! 11:48
I — 0.9| 12:24
2.
5:28 B.i
L W
10:05 3.
1:18 3.
2:25 3.
3:25 3.
4:21 2.
5:14 2.
5.7
6.9
6.1
6.2
6.2
6.0
4.
4.
4
4.
j 8::
9::
10:
Jl:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
26. IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired'). U. S. X., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Due.
Pulton |Portland '.July 27
Wellington Departure Bay IJuly 27
Marlposa ISydney IJuly 27
HumboMt iSt. Michael IJuly 28
State CallfomlalPortland July 28
Santa Rosa ]Ban Diego ..n July 2S
Crescent City... jCrescent City July 23
Mackinaw ITacoma July 28
Orizaba !Humb"!dt July 2"»
Arcata |Coos Bay July 23
Samoa Seattle July 23
Willamette 'Seattle [Jnly 3ft
Ruth (Portland IJuly 30
Umatilla |Vk-torla & Puget. SoundiJuly 31
Czarina iSeattle IJuly 31
AVashtenaw JTaeoma IJul'y 31
Mineola ITacoma July 31
Coos Bay I Newport [July ..
Columbia IPortland lAug. 1
Pomona [San Dlef?o lAug 1
Tlllamnok St. Michael |Aug. 1
Grace Dollar... (St. Michael lAu(r. 1
Chllkat IHumboldt [Aug. 1
San Bias IPanama |Aug. 1
Bristol Departure Bay |Aug. 1
Porlc IChlna and Japan Auk. 2
Homer |Kewport Aug. 3
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
itlon.
ills.
L frtiii»-i . u'esuimuon. sans. i trier.
rbuck ..Panama July 2S, 12 mjPMSS
ncr ......INewport...:... July 28. ■ 9 am Pier 11
lkat .... Humbolrtt V... July 2*. 9am Pier 13
t0n...:. Oregon Ports. | July 29. 8 am|Pier 20
ita -Rosa San Diego.:.. July 30, 11 am Pier 11
te of Cal Portland...... July 30, 10 am Pier 12
Ha W.... Vie & Pgt Sd. July 30. 10 am Pier 9
caba — Humboldt.... July 31. 10 am Pier 9
:ata — Coos 8ay..... July 31. 10 am Pier 13
m Ray.. I Newport Aug. 1. 9 am Pier 11
umhia ..[Portland Aug. 3. 10 am Pier 12
nona — San Diego Aug. : 3. 10 am Pier 11
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete seta of charts and sall
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether tho ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CIIAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), V s. N.. In chanre.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRI\ j£D.
Tuesday. July 28.
Stmr Scotia, Hansen, 2« hours from Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 74 hours from New-
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, 28 hours from Eu-
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 61 hours from
Victoria and Port Townsend.
Br ship Glenbreck, Burd, 166 days from Ant-
Sch'r Bailor Boy, Peterson, 6 days from Ev-
Behr Jennie Wand, Christiansen. 23 days from
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson, 43 hours from Needla
Rock.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, July 26.
Stror Pomona, Debney. San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch. Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu: O & O S S Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 18.
Stmr Columbia. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Sunol. Dettmers.
Tug Rescue, Thompson, Stewarts Point.
Stmr Pomona. Debney. San Diego.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
6chr Nettie Low. Low, Pnint Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 26—10 p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind, SW; velrxsfty, 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The schr Zampa locis lumber at Gray* Har
bor for FIJI.
SPOKEN.
Per Glenbreck— June 2&— Lat 12 30 N, long 120
43 W. Br ship Alcinous, from Androssan, for
San Francisco.
May 17— Lat E9 40 S, long fil W. Br ship Al
dergrove, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
No date— Lat 9 S. long 120 W, Br bark Earl
of Dunmore, hence April 7. for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
VALPARAISO. July 25— Ship Kenllworth ar
rived Cargo had been on fire. Survey rec
ommended part of cargo to be discharged.
Captain Hanpen of the schr Laura May at
Everett from Pan Francisco July 9, reports that
in lat — . long 129 W. on July 15, passed a largo
vessel bottom Fide up.
LOMBBTCC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 2s— Schr Web
foot, for San Francisco.
Arrived July 26— Schr Ivy, hence July 7; schr
Pioneer, hence July 6. «-_•'—
REDOXDO— Arrived July 26— Stmr Pasadena
from Eureka. _ _
Sailed July 26— Stmr Newsboy, for San Fran-
C PORT ANGELES— SaiIed July 25— Ship Sin
tram, for Dutch Harbor.
TATOOSH— Passed July 25— Stmr Mackinaw,
from Tacoma. for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived July 26— Stmr
Whltoshoro, hence July 25.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 2«— Bktn Glean
er, hence July 7.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arived July 26— Schr
Azalea, hence July f.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 2«— Stm
Newsboy, from Redondo.
COOS BAY— Arrived July 25— Schr Letttta,
hence July 13.
VENTURA— Arrived July 26— Stmr George
Lootnis, hence July 25, and sailed for San Fran
cisco.
TATOOSH— Passed July 26— Br ship Austra
lia, from Shanghai.
ASTORIA-Sailed July 26— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for Pan Francisco; Br ship Trade Winds
for Queenstown.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Sailed July 25— Sch Bar
bara Hernfter, for San Francisco.
EVERETT— Arrived July 26— Schr Laura May
hence July 9.
EUREKA— Arrived July 26— Stmr Orizaba,
hence July 25.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL— Arrived July 23— Br ship Speke, hno
March 17.
ANTWERP— Arrived July 24— Br ship Clan
Robertson, from Oreg-on.
DUBLlN— Arrived July 23— Br ship Hornby
Castle, from Oregon.
HAVRE — Arrived July 25— Br ship Mllton
park. from Oregon.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Arrived July 22— Br
ship Springburn, from Sydney to load for San
Francisco.
TYNE— Arived July 24— Br ship Orealla, hno
March 3.
COLON— Sailed July 24— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
DEPARTURE BAY — Sailed July 25— ShlD
Wachusett. for St Michael.
HONOKONO— SaiIed July 2ft— Br stmr Belglo
for San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVjIL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
|^ Steamers leave Broadway
vgßtat- wharf, San Francisco:
ISftSfMiv • For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
IiKJOh July 25 30, August 4. 9, 14. IS.
IKIEIIXa 24, transfer nt Seattle.
! f§ss6rPyal For Alaskan ports (from Fol-
IHsfl»«g»Ai gem-street wharf), 10 a. m..
r^^S^M^ August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m. July 25, 30. August 4, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with • this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.,
at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P. Ry. :
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m., July
25, 31 August 6, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.-
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., July 24. 28. August 1. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a,
m.. July 22. 26. 30, August 3. and every fourth
day thereafter. - -• . '
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. - San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 18th of
each . month. • • • [ '' ',"■, "■ . :■'■=' '■'■
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
oriH hours nf FB'Untr. > . •■
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
Bt GOODALI?. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. &N. GO.
XJCBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO -
PORTLAND
From Folsotn-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bertß
I Ant £8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia July I. 10, IS, 2*.
State of Ca1if0rnia. . ............ July 6. 14. J2, 30
St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $3i *)
Kansas City ...... 26 00 Chicago 17 M
Omaha M OOlNew York 31 M
E. C. WARD, General Agent. ■
. '. 630 Market st.
GOODALX* PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generals Transatiantiqn.
Frenoli Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -»>r>^- \
River, foot of Morton ■ st. Travelers <aTrlTr»
by this line avoid both ' transit by "Iflllt
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
second clesp, $116. •
LA GASCOGNE July 80. 10 a. m
LA TOURAIXE .......Aug. 6. 10 a. m.'
LA BRETAGNE Aug. IS. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE .........Aug. 20, 10 a m
LA. GASCOGNE 1...V.:..:Aug. 27. 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATIiAN-
TIQUE. Agent, •■"*•■•:;; ■ "*"*
No. 3 Bowling Green, New Tor*
J. F. FUOAZI ft CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. • r '
ANCHOR LINE^
United States Mall Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow , via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage — Cltv of p™. .<„
other steamers. $50. . "*=—^-«y or Rome. $60:
Second Cabin— $42 50; Furnessia. SX7 m.
other steamers. $35. urnessia, $17 60:
Steerage Passage— Rome. $25 SO- »,,_.. .
$24 50; other steamers. $23 50 * W> Urnessia.
For Book of Tours and information -- - *
HENDERSON BROTHERS. Genera?* ?
Bowling Green. New York; or J F FTTOa*t
B Montgomery St.; or L. P COCKBnS? ill
Montgomery St.; or R. R. Ritchie
Montgomery st.. San Francisco. ' 2 NeW
i^^^k^lSSSiif T , he S. S. MARIPOSA
1^ j7\H«ff.»*««i% S! . all s via Honolulu and
Kf j22l TOM »■ Auckland for Sydney
P^FB|||P \ dnes( lay, August 10.
• Pfllll% s , alls , v *a Honolulu and
yfc for Sydney
SlMfnSfllp^ "«• to COOLGAR-
V&gßr . /Smmnn DII-,, Australia, and
(a[DB3iUh cA jpE town. 'soutß
, . - ■ * ■ ~.. Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. , Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
FOR 0. S. HAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." ' '
Mon.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
I 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs )
Fridays ......1 p. m. and 8:80 p. *n.
Sundays Via; ;...in : so a. m. ana Bp. m.
Landing , and > offices— Dock, Plar I
Telephone Red 2241.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
NO VACATION
IN POLITICS
Jim Stanley Wants to
Succeed Morehouse.
NUMEROUS WAR" MEETINGS
YOUNG MEN'S LEAGUE WILL
HAVE NEW QUARTERS.
Da-vis and Pardee Clubs Are Now
Getting to Work Ready for
the Primaries Next
Month.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, July 26.
According: to the apportionment of the
State Central Committee Alameda County
will have sixty-seven votes In the State
convention. These are divided as fol
lows, upon the vote for D. E. McKinlay
for Presidential elector; Forty-sixth As
sembly district, eight delegates: Forty
eeventh, fifteen gates; Forty-eighth,
eight delegates; Forty-ninth, eleven dele
gates; Fiftieth, ten delegates; Fifty-first,
••fifteen delegates.
.::!> Central Committee will
week and will discuss plans
for holding the primaries. The Third
District Congressional committee will also
meet this week and arrange for its con
vention at Vallejo.
The Young Men's Republican League,
.which has been very active recently, has
hired a new hall and in future their
meetings will be held at 1159 Washington
street, between Thirteenth and Four
teenth. The hall is being lighted by elec
tricity and tastefully decorated and is
mui'h" larger than the old quarters. On Fri
day evening, August 5. the league will hold
its ,-armlng in its new hall, and all
Kepublicans. are invited to be present.
The speakers will be John A. Brittan, D.
Edward Collins, Giles H. Gray and James
A. Johnson.
There will be a meeting of the Fifth
"Ward Pardee Club at Elite Hall on Fri
day evening.
The Seventh Ward Republican Club
will meet at Castle Hall, Twenty-third
avenue, next Friday evening.
The Second "Ward Davis Club will meet
at Milton Hall Wednesday evening, and
will be addressed by Hon. W. R. Davis,
Hon. Romualdo Pacheco and others.
The Fourth Ward Republican Club met
this evening in People's Hall on Sixth
street, and were addressed by T. V. Eddy
nf San Frai
James Stanley of Mission San Jose, for
many terms Public Administrator of this
ty, has returned. X rom Alaska and
announces himself as a candidate before
the Republican convention for the State
lizatlon.
The Fruitvale Republican Club has been
organized with E. 11. Marwedel, presi
dent: J. K. J*>ffr!«>s. secretary.
Congressman Hilborn is now at home
and is attending personally to the details
of his campaign for rt-nnmination.
Three Cases of Insanity.
OAKLAND. July 28.— 1t required three
policemen to land Clarence E. Potter, a
17-year-old boy living at 2245 Central ave
nue, Alamnla, (i) the insane ward of the
Receiving Hospital to-day. ' He is very
violent and had threatened to kill his fa
ther, He will be examined at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
Mrs, Louisa Francis, 78 years of age,
of 1928 Poplar street, will be examined
to-morrow at the same time. Hit hallu- ,
cination Is a desire to play in the fire.
William Barry, a colored citizen of
Berkeley, who formerly worked at the
Presidio, was committed to the State As
ylum at Ukiah to-day. He was struck
on the head accidentally and his mania
is to pull up sidewalks and plant sea
weeds in his front yard.
REWARDED FOR HIS SCHOLARSHIP.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 26.
Rev. Philip Gralf, M. A., pastor of the First Free Baptist Church of this
city, nan received official notification from the governing board of Bates
conege Lewiston, Me., that he has been honored with the degree or D. Q.
nates college is the foremost s<at of learning of the Free Baptist denom
ination in the Lnlted States, and a degree from its faculty is highly hon
ored. Ihe distinction ha_s been conferred upon Dr. Gralf in recognition of
the range and wealth of his scholarship and the literary ability shown by him
as a preacher, author and theologian. Outside of the definite pastoral sphere
ho has been an Industrious and prominent leader in the Chautaugua move
ment a frequent contributor to magazines and a lecturer. Some of these
have been adopted as standard theology by some Eastern colleges. As a
linguist Dr. Graif is specially known, being a master in the Hebrew, Ara
maic, Greek, Latin, German, French and Italian languages.
ELOPED ON AN
ELECTRIC CAR
Miss Bowers From San
Leandro Is Married.
WIFE OF SAMUEL CROWLEY
VICAR GENERAL GAVE PERMIS
SION TO WED.
Anxious to Avoid Much Ceremony
They Crossed the Bay and
Surprised Their
Friends.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 26.
The season of elopements has again
come around In the Interior of the county.
To-day Mr. and Mrs. Samuel L. Hooson-
Crowley sent word from San Francisco
to their parents that they were married
yesterday in St. Mary's Cathedral by Rev.
Father Dempsey.
Yesterday Mr. Crowley. the stepson of
Mr. Ilooson, le-^ Haywards on an electric
car -without telling any one his business.
At San Leandro Miss Frances M. Bowers
joined Mr. Hooson and they crossed over
to San Francisco. The meeting had been
prearranged and two friends had been
tak.'ii Into the confidence of the young
people. They were Dan Sullivan and
Bliss Lily Bowers, sister of me bride. The
quartet," on arrival in San Francisco, at
once procured a marriage license and
started out to find a priest wno would
perform the ceremony. All was not
smooth sailing, for when Father Demp
sey was approached he refused to marry
the young couple and advised them to go
back and be married b'- their parish
priest. Mr. Hooson and Father Dempsey
wore fellow students at St. Mary's Col
lege some years ago, and finally the
father consented to submit the matter to
the Vicar General. The young couple vis
ited Vicar General Prendergast. and on
his authority Father Dempsey performed
the marriage ceremony in St. Mary's
Cathedral yesterday afternoon.
Samuel Crowley, who has been known
nearly all his life by the name of his
stepfather, J. Hooson, is one of tP / ~ best
known young men of Washington Town
ship. He has taken a prominent part in
bringing different fraternal conventions to
Haywards, and has frequently attended
various gatherings aa a delegate from
his town.
"We did not want any unnecessary
ceremony." said Mrs. Crowley this after
noon, "and so we thought it better to
cross the bay and get married as quietly
as possible. I suppose it was an elope
ment, hut Mr. Crowley and I made up
our minds several days ago and took his
friend, Mr. Sullivan, with us for best man,
while my sister came with us and acted
as bridesmaid."
The City's Western Boundary.
OAKLAND, July 26.— The Southern Pa-
I cific Company has refused to pay any
1 tax upon the personal property upon the
■ mole or long wharf beyond the line of
low tide to City Assessor Snow. It does
this in view of the late decision of the
Supreme Court in the water front case,
which held that the city only extended
to the low tide line. The western boun
dary line of the city has always been con
sidered at the three-fathom line. As the
assessment Is on the books It may er.d
in the matter being taken to the courts
and the city's boundary judicially de
termined.
A Question of Ownership.
OAKLAND, July 26.— Patrick Duffy has
filed a suit for a restraining order to
prevent Hugh M. Cameron from remov
ing a house on East Tenth street, near
J'ark way. He claims the property and
house in question, but Mr. Cameron de
clares that the house was moved on the
property by mistake. It was intended to
place the house upon an adjoining lot.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
STRANGE CASE OF POISONING
Miss Haines of Berkeley Died After Four Hours'
Sickness in a House in Which a Man Was
Shot Dead a Short Time Ago.
BERKELEY, July 26.— 1n the Halnes residence In South Berkeley,
Miss Mabel Haines died yesterday after a sickness of four hours with
all the symptoms of poisoning.
The case was so unmistakably one of poisoning that Dr. W. Allen,
the family physician, refused to sign the death certificate, and reported
the case to the Coroner.
Miss Haines was taken sick yesterday afternoon about 2 o'clock.
Dr. Allen, the family physician, found her quite unconscious when he
reached the house shortly before three. She continued in an uncon
scious state for four Jiours, passing away a little after six. Mr. and
Mrs. Haines were away in San Francisco during the greater part of
their daughter's brief illness, but a telegram brought them to her bed
side before the laat moments came.
Dr. Allen waa unable to determine the cause of death at once,
and so deemed a Coroner's Investigation necessary. Deputy Coroner
Streightlf communicated to-day with Coroner Baldwin, who must or
der a post-mortem examination.
It is understood that the family believe some blackberries, of
which the unfortunate girl partook at luncheon, to have been pois
oned. The Coroner said this evening that he would await develop
ments, and could not decide whether an autopey would be held till
later.
Later It was learned that the attending physician certified to the
death as being caused by cerebral hemorrhage resulting In apoplexy,
and brought about by -violent vomiting.
D. E. Allison does not like the statement made about his wife by
Mrs. Haines, mother of the dead trirl, anl to-night he prepared the fol
lowing statement, which Mrs. Haines refused to sign:
"I hereby retract the statement made by me that my daughter
Mabel was poisoned by carbolic acid, nor did I imply that Mrs. D.
Allison was instrumental in administering said poison."
Coroner Baldwin has determined to hold an inquest and autopsy
to-morrow morning. The Allisons are neighbors of the Haines, and it is
alleered that Mrs. Allison was in some way connected with the girl's
taking the poison. Dr. Allen, who attended the girl for a few hours
before her death, signed the death certificate this afternoon.
WEALTHY PIONEER
OF HAYWARDS DIES
HENRY STROBEL SUCCUMBS TO
BLOOD POISONING.
Wide-Awake and Public-Spirited, He
Made Money by Attention to
Business for Thirty
Years.
OAKLAND, July 26-Henry Strobel of
the firm of Strobel, Neudeck & Co. died
at his residence in this city this morn
ing from blood poisoning, superinduced by
a carbuncle. He was one of th<» wealth
iest men in the interior of this county,
and had been a resident of the town for
thirty years.
Mr. Strobel had been engaged In the
butcher business most of the time he
lived here, and most of his wealth, esti
mated at $75,000, is in that business. His
estate consists of some realty and per
sonal property. He leaves two sons,
Charles Strobel, with Holbrook, Merrill
& Stetson, and Vincent, who was asso
ciated with his father.
By Mr. Strobel's death the town of
Haywards loses one of its most wide
awake and public spirited men. He often
helped new enterprises to keep upon their
feet, and was always ready to contribute
to anything that would benefit the town.
He was a life long Republican and served
bs Town Trustee with honor and credit.
He was a native of Germany, 62 years of
age. His wife survives him.
Hospital for Convalescents.
OAKLAND. July 26.— Mrs. Gelwick and
Mrs. Martin of the local Red Cross Soci
ety were appointed to-day to prefer spe
cific charges of lncompetency against the
nurses at Camp Merritt before the State
society The same ladles with Mrs. Van
Pelt added will urge the State society to
establish a hospital for the convalescent
In the military camp In San Francisco.
The financial secretary, Mrs. Franklin
Bangs, reported $9791 75 on hand. Ihe
$338 55 resulting from the Tennessee reg
iment's benefit was set aside as a spe
cial hospital fund on motion of Mrs. A.
B Nye Mr?. W. H. Friend reported
through her sister, Miss Babson, that she
had raised $17 50 by telephone for mess
tents for Company F of this city.
State Work Discussed.
OAKLAND, July 26.— The State execu
tive committee of the California Christian
Endeavor Union met last evening in the
V M C. A. building and discussed the
plans for this years work. The resigna
tion of Miss M\ Lulu Bowen superinten
dent of floating societies, was accepted,
and the position left vacant. The ques
tion of finances was considered and the
societies of the State will be asked to
raise $1000 more for this year s work. The
State officers will publish their reports,
recommendations and other information
through the medium of a quarterly pa
per to be furnished the societies at 10
cents per copy per year. Every society
Is to be asked to take five copies of this
paper for its officers.
Wandered Away From Home.
OAKLAND. July 26.— William Bennett,
for a number of years employed by the
Oakland Creamery, who suddenly disap
peared two years ago and was discovered
near Santa Rosa after two weeks' search
ing has been missing from his home, 152b
Broadway, since last Friday. His wife
fears that he has wandered away as he
did before, when he declared that every
thing was a blank from the time he left
home until his return. She ha* six chil
dren to care for. The only excuse for
.such conduct Is In the fact that four
years ago Mr. Bennett was struck on the
head by a local train, which affected his
brain seriously.
Eleven Jurors Secured.
OAKLAND, July 26— It occupied Judge
Hall's attention nearly all day to-day to
secure eleven jurors in the trial of J
H Moffett, the carpenter who shot and
killed his wife on March 17. He after
ward shot himself, but recovered. The
rotnilar venire was exhausted and a spe
cial venire of twelve more will answer
In court to-morrow morning to select the
twelfth man from. Those accepted are
Meiisra S H. Masters, B. McManus, E.
Mvnott C W. Wilklns. M. J. Ryan S.
Robin D.Muller, L. H. Gehr. T. W Har
krove'j Davis and W. Hobler. The de
fense will be Insanity.
It Was a Regular "Go."
OAKLAND, July 26.— George Kelly, a
member of the Sporting Life gang, and
I J Howard were discharged in the Po
lice Court to-day by Judge Allen They
were arrested Sunday night for fighting
at Eighteenth and Peralta streets, and
cnarged with disturbing the peace. They
Doth testified that they agreed to fight,
and left a saloon, going to the vacant lot
and after disposing of their coats and
vests they went at each other hammer
and toiiES A crowd gathered to wit
ness the encounter, and were in nowise
disturbed, but rather enjoyed the scene.
Pedagogical Training School.
OAKLAND, July 26.-The Grove street
school has been placed under the con
trol of the pedagogical department of the
State University, as was th* Tompkins
School last year. The kindergarten class
from the Vmpkins School will be trans
ferred to the Grove street school, and
the fourth grade changed from Grove
street to the Tompkins.
Leslie Blackburn Discharged.
OAKLAND, July 26.— The case of Lesli'J
Blackburn charged with assault with a
deadly weapon on Will O'Brien, was
called In the Police Court to-night, and
the case dismissed.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July 26.— Rev. J. C. Mc-
Innes, pastor of the Oak Chapel, Congre
gational, has under consideration a call
to work In the Chinese mission in Hono
lulu. He is very popular among the
young church people here.
Officer Bert Curtlss, of the Police De
partment, Is convalescent from a severe
attack of threatened pneumonia, which
has kept him at home for the past ten
days. He expects to report back for duty
the latter part of the week.
Charles Peterson, charged with bat
tery on a servant girl in the employ of
Dr. Derrick, succeeded in having the case
dismissed in the Police Court to-day.
K. A. Hughson, partner of Mayor
Thomas, who was sent to a private asy
lum several weeks ago, is not improving
as was expected he would. Grave fears
are entertained for his recovery.
County Horticultural Commissioner A.
D. Pryal declares that he will rigidly en
force the law regarding Infected fruit,
and will dump any into the bay that
comes into the port.
COLOR LINE BROKEN.
William Lucas Admitted to Member-
ship in the Eighth Regiment.
ALAMEDA, July 26.— Among the first
young men of Alameda to respond to the
call for volunteers to fight for the coun
try was William Lucas of this place. His
father Is a veteran of the Civil War, an
inmate of the Soldiers' Home at Santa
Monica, and a member of the Grand
Army. Lucas passed two physical ex
aminations successfully, and when the
company was summoned to be mustered
Into the service he was promptly on hand.
Hut to his great disappointment he was
told by the mustering officer that as he
had a tinge of color in his complexion he
could not be permitted to enter the ser
vice of the Government. Lucas had sonu
good friends, however, and a determined
effort was made to allow him to be mus
tered In. This proved successful finally,
and on Saturday last he was sworn in
and Is now wearing the blue uniform or
a soldier.
Death of Miss Elizabeth McLean.
ALAMEDA. July 26.— MissE. M. McLean
daughter of Health Officer Dr. McLean
of this city, died last night at the family
resider.ee on Central avenue. She had
been ill but a short time from malaria!
fever, which became complicated with
cerebro spinal meningitis, until dent!
resulted. Miss McLean was an active
worker in the Salvation Army, and had
been prominent in establishing- the colony
at Soledad. Indeed it is believed that Un
seeds of disease were implanted from the
freshly turned soil there which she was
superintending. She had taken a twi
years' course at the Agricultural College
at Berkeley, and was making use of the
knowledge thus acquired to aid the colo
irists at Fort Romey. Her father is now
en route for home and is expected to ar
rive on Friday evening-. The funeral will
probably take place on Saturday
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July 26.— The Red Cross
ladles continue to do good work in re
lieving the sufferers by the Melrose ex
plosion. They are now getting estimates
on the cost of getting the windows re
placed that were broken.
The ladies of St. Joseph's Church wJM
hold a fair during the first fortnight in
October, and extensive preparations are
being made for the event.
A Special Election.
BERKELEY. July 26.-The Board of
Trustees, in a regular meeting held lust
night, passed a resolution which calls for
a special election to be held October 35
for the purpose of voting upon a provi
sion to amend the charter, so as to
provide for the establishment and main
tenance of Justices 1 courts. Among other
details the amendment provides for t'io
appointment of Justices by the Board of
Trustees for a term of two years in
stead of election by the people at largo
The following have been selected as a
board of election within their respective
precincts: * •.«»■
Precinct I— J. O. Hanscom and J. Rink?
judges; T. H. Welch and W. D. Woosu-r'
clerks.
Precinct 2-George Stutt and H. Valen
tine, judges; OBcar Dornin and Warren
Cheney, clerks.
Precinct 3 (A)— John J. Carney and John
Cooke. judges; D. Q. Madden and Fred a
W ass, clerks.
Precinct 3 (B)-A. H. Wells and J. j
Mason Judges; James Kenney and George
T. Bush, clerks.
Precinct 4-Hugh Keon and D S
c\ d R™e J oSs. W " H - H - Gentry and T:
Precinct B— Thomas Stevenson and Leo
Rodgers, judges; Philip Sheridan and J
Gilchrist, clerks.
Precinct fr-J. Cherry and T. Dowd
judges; B. J. Fardig and D. W. McLaughl
lin, clerks.
Precinct 7— H. A. Lieberman and James
Paint. Judges; Henry Stein and Henry
Pine clerks. *
As a Board of Equalization.
BERKELEY, July 26.-The Board of
Trustees will meet on Monday Aueus;
?• Vi 10 °'£ lock - t0 sit as a board of equal
ization. There will be no other meetlnes
between this date and then. s
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 26.-West Berke
ley s Rod Cross Society met last night
The report of the treasurer showed that
the proceeds from the recent entertain
m.? nt rJ? ven by the BOc 'ety amounted to
$17. The greater portion of it will be
given to the hospital ship fund.
The public schools of Berkeley will re
open for the fall term next Monday Prin
cipal S. D. Waterman of the High School
will be in his office Thursday and Friday
afternoons and all day Saturday to as
sign pupils to their classes. Those who
are recommended for entrance into the
university may receive their certificates
at that time.
The Christian Endeavor Society of the
First Presbyterian Church held a busi
ness meeting last night, at which it was
decided to arrange for a reception to be
given to the freshmen of the university
shortly after the term commences.
The Posen Fire Company has elected
officers for the ensuing term as follows:
President, G. Scott; vice president, T.
Muldowney; secretary and treasurer, t!
T. Donahue; sergeant at arms, T. Dillon!
Soquel Pastor Resigns.
SANTA CRUZ. July 26.— Rev. A. B.
Snider, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church at Soquel, has resigned.
BARNETT SAID
TO BE CRAZY
Has Lived in the Tules
for a Generation.
MAY HAVE USED SOME POISON
KNOWN TO THE TOWNHIP AS
"TULE-HOG HARRY."
He Has Been Considered Not Re
sponsible for His Actions
for Many Years
Past.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 26.
It Is not at all unlikely that Harry
Barnett of Pleasanton may be examined
as to his sanity at the Instance of some
of his frlende. Barnett Is the man who
Is charged by his daughter with poison
ing her Infant child about a month ago.
The remains of the baby are now in the
hands of Professor Colby of the State
University for the purpose of testing the
truth of the girl's story.
Harry Barnett has long been known as
"Tule-hog Harry," and so commonly Is this
name applied to the old fellow that many
people in Murray Township did not know
that the story of young Mrs. Hoover had
any reference to him, as they hardly
ever heard him spoken of as Harry Bar
nett.
"Tule-hog Harry" Is one of the best
known characters in the township. Ho
has lived In a small house among the
tules for many years, and has always
been considered more than half crazy.
He has always been the butt of small
boys and on several occasions has re
pulsed theMr levity in such a manner as
to create small riots.
"Harry Barnett, under the name of
'Tule-hog Harry.' " said William Kelly of
Pleasanton, to-day, "has been a char
acter for years. If it should transpire
that there is poison in the baby's body
and that Its grandfather administered it,
little surprise would be expressed by
ihos>e who know old Harry. He is er
ratic, quarrelsome, and of a vicious dis
position, and this is partly due to the
continual annoyances to which he has
been subjected by the little rascals who
live near him. There is no doubt that
the old man is not responsible for his ac
tions. On one occasion he shot my broth
er's dog because he said 1J; annoyed him,
and was so careless in doing it that he
came within an ace of shooting my
brother. The old man should be exam
ined, for I do not think It is safe for
him to be at large, and In this opinion
1 am sure many others concur."
TAKING A MUCH
NEEDED VACATION
RED CROSS WORKERS HAVING A
WEEKS REST.
What the Workers In. the Society
Throughout the State Are
Doing.
An air of quiet pervades the Red Cross
supply depot at 16 Post street. The hum
of the sewing machines is stilled and the
familiar faces that have been seen there
during the past few months are missed.
All this is due to a much needed week's
vacation that the busy warkers are tak
ing.
The store is still open and Mrs. Theo
dore E. Smith and a few untiring work
ers are in attendance ready to transact
business. On Monday next the workers
will be at their posts busily engaged on
ec-essaries for the next' expedition.
Through the courtesy of the publishers
of ihe Overland Magazine the reports
read at the open meeting of the Red
Cross Society have been run in full and
make interesting reading. A Red Cross
department will be a feature oJ the well-
Known magazine and each number will
be in turn edited by the local and State
societies. All those who were unable to
attend the famous meeting will gain a
.splendid idea of the work done by the
society by purchasing a copy of the peri
odical.
To the Public— Wishing to do justice in full
measure to all men, and particularly to those
who are aiding the Red Cross in its work for
our American soldier boys, Mrs. J. P. Merrill,
president San Francisco Red Cross Society, at
Uie request of the secretary of the American
Soldiers' Relief Committee, appointed a com
mittee to examine the books of the Relief So
ciety. Said committee reported the accounts in
perfect condition, tallying with the amount
turned over to the Red Cross Society.
In addition to the books of the society the
secretary, W. H. Hollls, Esq.. presented the
following affidavits to prove how small
had been the returns to the society
fmm the chain lettpr which It had started to
aid the fund. The Red Cross deplores any
misundrstnndtng that may have arisen in this
matter. The affidavits are as follows:
"This is to certify that I. the undersigned,
have not delivered more than fifty (50) letters
addressed to the American Soldiers" Relief So
ciety up to July 1, dating from June 11, 1593.
"GEORGE W. YOST, July 24. "
"This is to certify that I, the undersigned,
have not delivered more than thirty letters ad
dressed to the American Soldiers' Relief So
ciety up to the present time, dating from July
1. THOMAS P. TIEMEY, Carrier 162."
An entertainment and dance will be given
by Junior Court Pride No. 3 of the Golden
West at Social Hall, Alcazar building, to
night for the benefit of the Red Cross Society.
The committee of arrangements Is composed
of O. J. Day, S. S. Cook, A. Samuels, L. Ro
senthal and H. Blodes.
Grace Church sent 500 lunches to the hos
pitality committee at the ferry. Mr. Oxnard of
the Western Sugar Refinery donated a barrel
of .«ugar to the hospitality committee at the
ferry for the "Boys in Blue."
A brilliantly illustrated lecture on Cuba will
be given by Dr. C. J. Freeman, B. A., of
Boston at the Metropolitan Temple on August
16 for the benefit of the Red Cruss Society.
Donations have been received by the San
Francisco Red Cross Society frrrn Hobbs, Wall
& Co., friends, Miss Taylor, Mrs. E. M.
Schmitt, Millbrae Dairy, W. P. A. Brewer,
Belmont School. Mrs. Robert Lewers, Mrs. Ed
ward Goldsmith, Noe street: R. C. S. Aid
Society, Mrs. W. J. Somers, Miss Carrie Man
asse, Miss Weber and H. D. Stevens.
Donations were received by the State So
ciety from Oceanslde, Carlsbad. Weaverville,
Dixon, Los Angeles, Kansas Relief Society,
Junction City, Martinez, Red Cross Society of
Lincoln, Sacramento, Snn Jose. Ferndale,
Dunsmuir, Bishop, Danville, Red Bluff.
Subscriptions to the State Society yesterday
were as follows: Woodland, $140; Mra. A. S. Kil
patrlck, Bishop, Cat.. $1; Mrs. Fitzgerald, 50
cents; Mrs. C. B. Eslep, Butte, Mont., $52;
Point Arena, $3.'; Nlpoma. $25; Lincoln, $30;
Pinole. $10; Red Cross Society of San Fran
cisco. $5000.
Subscriptions to the local society were as
follows: Memberships, $4; donation at 16 Post
street from friend in aid of San Francisco Red
Cross, $100; donation to San Francisco Red
Cross, proceeds from entertainment of frater
nal societies, Wardner, Idaho, $185 65; Molly
Tags. 25 cents: guests at Tavern of Castle Crag,
$25 GO: net balance. $24,523 47: employes H. Cohen,
monthly subscription. $2 75; Red Cross boxes,
collected by Mrs. Loosley, $4 86; memberships,
$6; net balance. $29,010.
A Mißsion Mass Meeting To-Night.
A mass-meeting of Mission property
owners will be held at Mangels' Hall,
corner Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets,
this evening, to protest against the pro
posed granting to the Southern Pacific
Company by the Board of Supervisors of
permission to lay a double railroad track
along the present line of said railroad.
The meeting will be held under the aus
pices of the Mission and Potrero Im
provement Club.
Each letter carrier of India has a run
of six miles and at the end of it Is relieve*!
by another carrier, who at once begins his
run. Thus the mall Is conveyed over un
populous sections in comparatively quick
time.
MRS. STANFORD
GETS DIVORCED
She Will Probably Marry
Friend Barmore.
CASH DOWN PAID FOR HER
iHE JOCKEY FELL IN LOVE
WITH THE SCHOOLMA'AM.
He Turns Her Over to the Man He
Befriended and Will Ride
Through Life for a
While Alone.
The marital troubles of Steeplechase
Jockey Stanford and hie wife, Gertrude,
are over. A compromise has been ef
fected whereby the co-respondent In the
Australian's divorce suit, Barmore, by
the payment of a certain goodly sum,
takes Mrs. Stanford off the hands of her
husband for good and all.
That Stanford is pleased does not ex
press It. and that Barmore will marry
the erring woman who Is now allowed
a divorce Is fairly certain. The story
back of the trouble of the Stanfords la
a rather remarkable one.
Rider Stanford married Gertrude back
In Chicago something over three years
ago, when under contract to Messrs. Cor
rigan and Brenock. Being Impressed
with the fact that she was an educated
woman, he grew to have affec
tion for her and married the woman,
bringing her to California. Here he told
his friends that she was a schoolma'am.
She had been one In a little town in Wis
consin some years previously, so that no
person out this way suspected that the
meek little woman had been other than
what he represented.
Some time after the Stanfords had come
to the Golden State they met Barmore,
who was connected with a wholesale
jewelry establishment. Barmore went to
the races, and, according to the steeple
chase rider, lost considerable money, fin
ally becoming "short" $200 in his ac
counts. Stanford influenced him to bet
$200 upon Gold Dust (his mount) one day,
and as the horse won at odds of 8 to 1,
the young jeweler was enabled to make
good his shortage and to have a neat
sum with which to continue his turf
operations. Naturally Stanford thought
Barmore would ever be his friend.
Early last spring the horse pilot was
suspended indefinitely by the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, and not seeing any
signs of being reinstated, he went to
India, where he had formerly ridden race
horses. While in Singapore he received
a letter from an old friend living at
Benlcia, Cal., which led him to believe
all was not well within his household.
I- urthermore, it was hinted in the epistle
that his wife and others had plotted to
get him out of the country.
Stanford immediately took the steamer
for San Francisco, coming by way of
Shanghai. One of the first persons he
met here was Barmore, who informed
him that Mrs. Stanford had gone to Chi
cago. Barmore kindly offered to let Stan
ford have the money to take nim to the
Middle West metropolis and urged him
to go at once. In a day or so,
when rested up. he left. On his arrival
at Chicago he met Hand, the handicap
per, who had known the couple well In
California. Hand not only informed
Stanford that his erring wife was not
there but that he suspected she had sold
all the household effects and was living
with Barmore as Mrs. Barmore.
Upon his return here the timber-top
ping jockey found that Hand's suspicions
were very correct. While Stanford was
in the Windy City his wife had brought
suit for divorce on the grounds of cruelty
and desertion, and he returned in the nick
of time to defend himself. So Infuriated
was Stanford over what he had learned
that upon meeting Barmore he "took a
shot" at the despoiler of his home, the
bullet doing no further damage than to
lacerate the jewelry man's coai tails.
Barmore, for some reason best known to
himself, merely had Stanford arrested
and charged with threatening his life,
saying nothing of the shot the rider had
taken at him.
Stanford pot out of the Barmore trouble
and his lawyer wanted to have the Jew
elry man arrested.
Then followed the compromise by which
Stanford is enriched considerably and
Barmore is now entitled to wed Gertrude,
the Wisconsin schoolteacher, etc.
To Dance in a Good Cause.
An entertainment and dance for the
benefit of the Red Crops Society will b«
Riven by Junior Court Pride of the Gold
en West No. 3. F. of A., at Social Hall,
Alcazar building, this evening. An es
pecially enjoyable time Is anticipated.
DIED.
CAGNEY— In this city, July 26, Mrs. Margaret
Cagney, beloved wife of Tim M. Cagney and
mother of Mrs. Annie Crelghton.
/\Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i|^~teira C 25 KEABNT ST. Established
■f^jPaak 11 ' 1 IS5 * for the treatment of Private
RflU-lt-jW IXsoHSi's, I»st Manhood. Debility or
ftSjSfifiß&auß d' SPase wearing on body and mind and
fc^ffißßßßß Skin DUeases. The doctor cure9When
Sm'fi.JfflKi others fall. Try him. Charges low.
i fimMßnl T'T"T* — ~-nrl~r -* Callorwrit«.
Dr. J. I*. UIBBOM. Box 1957, San Francisco.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.,-
WEEK DAYS— *8:00, *9:30, 11:00 a. m. ;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
P *SUND ATS— •8:00, •9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30, M^. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a.m. does not run to San Rafael Sundays.
6:30 p.m. does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35, 7:55, 8:25, *9:30
a. m. '12:20. 2:10, *3:40, 4:35, 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, *8:00. »9:45, »10:45, »11:45
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, *5:15, 'SiOO, 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:46, 7:55, 8:43, 10:10
a. m.: 12:40, 2:25. 3:55. 4:56, 6:20 p. m. "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■ ;. ?_
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00,. 11:10 a. in.; 12:05, 1:20,
2:40, 3:55, 5:30, 6:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. / -
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)— To-
males and way stations.
8:00 a. m — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns.
Santa Fe Route
TUB BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Erory Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Ran on the Following Tlmei
Leave San Francl»co.4:3o p. m., 8. M.T.W.T.F.S.
Arrive Denver 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.B.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis.... 6:15 p. m.. f .F.8.8.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicag0.. .....1:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMB
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
you WILL BE COMFQTTTARLB
If You Travel on the Santa Pe.
Mi FRANCISCO TICKEfiFFicE— 111 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN USL
Oakland Offloe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Offloo— 2 51 J Street.
Btn Jose Offioa— 7 West Santa Olara Si
AUCTION SALES.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
Furniture and Merchandise of All Kinds Bought
for Cash— Money Advanced on Commission
Sales.
AUCTION SALE
OF
THE BALDWIN CANDY STORE,
FRIDAY The 23th day of July, 1898.
At 11 O'clock A. M.. at
952 MARKET ST., Under the Baldwin Hotel.
We will, by order of Mr. SIMON BLUM,
on account of his partner's death, sell either
as a whole or by piecemeal,
THE MAGNIFICENT FIXTURES AND
STOCK,
Which Has Cost Over $10,000.
Contents: ONE SODA FOUNTAIN, costing
$5500, the most magnificent on the coast; French
Plate Mirrors, Showcases, 2 Cash Registers,
Silver Plated Urns, Plated Ware. Refrigerator,
Chandeliers, Safe, Tables, Leather Seat
Chairs, Linoleum. Candies, Fancy Boxes,
Clock, Counters, Sldecases and articles too nu-
merous to mention.
INDIANA AUCTION CO.,
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
Office: 19 Montgomery st. ,i ■.;
RAILEOAD TRAVEL. .
M>I'TIIKK.> I'AtIKIC <-O.!ll*A3fir.
(pacific hyhtrh.)
NAN KltA.N<l*«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
isatx — From July 10, 1898. — abhitb
•OiOOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... *»i4s a
7:O« a BenlcU, Bulsun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7:OOa MuTsrUle, OroTllleand Redding Tia
Woodland »x4»p
TiOOa Elmlra, VacaTille and Butn.ey 8:43p
7:30 a Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
(Jalistoga and Santa Rosa OtlUr
9:OOa Atlantic Kxprera, Ugdeu and Kant.. Sstftr
HilltlA Ban .lose, .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Muryniil.-,
Chloo, Tehama and Red HliiS.... 4il»p
KiSOa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 7:ISp
•8:8Oa Milton »7iia»
OiVMa Mew Orleans Rxpress. Meroed. Fres-
no, Bakersflcld, Santa linrbtra,
Los Angeles, Demlug, El Faso,
New Orleans and East 6i4flp
lOi*O A Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.1
•liOOp Sacramento Ki»er Ste.n»i.-tH «9:00p
San Jose, NIK* and Way Stations. . . :»:1»A
9:OOp Livermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Viaalia 4:15p
LlTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JIOjISa
4ioor Martinez, Sau Itamon, Vallejo.
Napa, Caliatoga, Xl Verano and
Santa Itosa Oil
4tOOp Benlola, Va«aTille, Woodland, .
Knights Landing, MarrsTille, Oro-
Tille and Sacramento 10:43 a
4i3Op Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7: 1 3 *
4:80p Stockton and Lodi 12:15*
<>BOp Latlirop. Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mujave, Santa Barbara and I<os
AiiKelus 7i-S3a
4:30r Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Tosemite) and Fresno l»:15p
4i«Op Santa Vi- houte. Atlantic Kxpresi
for MojaTe and Kast 6:43
*:OOp European Mail, Ogdeu and Kast.... 9:43 a
•O:OOr Vallejo .-. 12:1 Up
6«oopHnyward», Nllcis and Kan .lone 7:45 a
17i00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:4-">p
SiOOp Oregon Kxprew, Sacramento, Marys-
Title, Redding Portland, l'nget
Hound and K»st 8:13 a
!SAK IiKAXIMtU AM) lIAVWAUDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
KelroHF, Sriniiiarjr Park, ( 7:15 a
8:«Oa Kilchburs, Klml.nrnt. l»»:43*.
tV?^ 8»n lif»mlro. South S»n \¥\% X
iM:S.A I-*andro. rMudillo, JJ^g*
:i2:oom ' Lorento, tlierrj ■ ,i : 45 P
• 3:OOP and }2:43p
3iOOp HnjTTKrdti. (s:4lip
7iOOp i Rnns through to Nile*. 7:43
) t From Niles. I. .
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow «aoB6).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crui
and Principal Way Stations JBiO3p
8:15 a Newark.CenterTille, San Jose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Orur and Way
Stations sisop
*Bilsp Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal War
Station* »1O:3«a
4:1 5p San Jose, Glenwoodft Way Stations 9:20*
a4:!3p Boulder Creek and Santa Crn» jl):2»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rum 811 FRIHCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0Qa.u. U:00 *2:00 t3:00
- •4:00 15:00 *6:00p.u.
from OilUHD— Foot «f Bro*dwt "6:oo 8:00 10:00
tW:00 •1:00 : t2:00 '3:00 tl:QO «8:00 p.m.
COAST 111 VISION (Broad Oange). ~
(Third and Towngend St».)
*7:00 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l>3op
}7:80 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations }8:33p
• :OOa Han .fuse, Tres linos, Hunt* Cruz,
Pacilic <srove. Paso Roblcs, San
Luis Olils|>'>. Guadalupe, Surf and
v Principal Way Static, 4:lOp
IO:4Oa San Josh and Way Stations # 8:OOa
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations ....... *8:33 a
•a:4sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,"
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
Grove MO:80a
■S:3Op San Jose and Way Stations »»:«>Oa
•4:13p San Jose am! Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
5:»0p San Jose anil Principal Way Statioui S:3op
«::«Oi- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 7:Il0r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~
• Sundays exceiited. \ Sundays only, { Saturdays only
j Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
ami Vwn» F*»t 1 AUrkAt S«w
. SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIa.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, »:OU. 11:00 a. m.; u:3a.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, XiSO»
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45,
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
ijetween Car. Francisco and Bchuetsen Park
same schedule as above. -
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Franeiscat
- June 28, ■ *
Week Eun- 1898. . Sun-" Week
Days. days. ) Destination.! days, f Days.
7:30 ami 3:00 am Novatb, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pro 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pro. 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
" Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburs.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm| t'.ti pra
7:30 am . Hopland and 110:25 am
8:30 pm( 8:00 am Uklah. 7:36 pmi 6:22 pm
7:30 am I I 10:25 am'
8:00 am Guemevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ■ )
6:10 pmf 6:00 pmf Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami SebasttipoL 10:40 am 1 10: 25 am
3:30 pm 6:00 pm| ■ [ 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs- at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
■ervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
I the Geysers; at HopUnd for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, ■ Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
i Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced • rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 189S, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-boumU .
Paesen- I Mixed, Mixed, | Passen- .
ger, 1 Sunday Sta- Sunday i ger.
Dally. |Exc'pted tlons. 'Exc'ptedl Daily.
7:20 a m 9:00 a m Stockton I 3:45 pmi 5:40 pm
. 9:10 a m 12:50 p m • Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 pm,
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 125 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalia 6:40 am ; 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
I Connections — Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
; pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
I p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
j cisco; at Merced with stages to and from
Snelllngs, Coulterville, Yosemite, etc. also
I with stage from Hornitos, Marlposa, etc. ; at
Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAHALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via SausalH-i Ferry.;
Leave San Francisco, commencing Ma/ i,
1898:
I ■ Week Days— a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— «:o°. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
t:SO p. m. ■ . ,
Round trip from Mill Valley, tl.
" THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 . Mark*!
street, San Francisco. •
ili|||s|||Bi
1112
SAILS HOPEFUL
AND IN HEALTH
Liliuokalani Leaves for
the Islands.
HAS NO TRACE OF CANCER
CHANGE OF CLIMATE CAUSES
DEPRESSION.
The Ex-Queen of Hawaii Has Politi
cal and Financial Worries,
but No Organic
Disease.
Hawaii's ex-Queen, Lllluokalanl, sail
eel yesterday to revisit her late king
dom. She loft in the best of health and
sjiirlts. Her companions, after the
pretty Hawaiian custom, showered
flowers upon her to brighten her de
parture. Ther« was not a trace of
tears, for was not the Queen going back
to h«=r <>wn people, even though they
were no longer her subjects? She knew
that faithful hands would greet her,
that faithful hearts would sustain her
through the many trials which beset
her rath.
The statement which appeared in an
evening paper yesterday that the ex-
Queen was suffering from cancer on
the right side of the neck is absolutely
untrue. She has no trace of any such
disease. The worst ailment with which
she has been afflicted is an occasional
attack of nervous depression.
"I can easily understand how such a
misapprehension arose," said Colonel
Macfarlane last night. "Her Majesty
has suffered a good deal from the
change of climate during the past two
years, during most of which time she
has resided in Washington. When com
ing to this coast, feeling nervous and
out of sorts, she thought it better that
Dr. English, a well known Eastern
practitioner, should accompany her.
"Dr. English, after arriving here,
thought he would like to try his luck
as a medical practitioner in Honolulu,
so he obtained her Majesty's permission
to accompany her to the islands. Now
th« doctor has achieved fame in the
East as a cancer specialist, and there
you have the explanation of the story."
Colonel Macfarlane is remaining be
hind in San Francisco to watch the
ex-Queen's interests. He admits that,
in addition to climatic influences, polit
ical and financial worries may have
had a good deal to do with her fits of
nervous depression. "The Queen," he
says, "has mortgaged nearly all her
private property in order to meet the
expenses of her two years' residence in
Washington. She has refused all of
fers of aid from private friends, being
confident that her own resources Would
suffice to bring her through.
"She had almost attained success, the
annexation scheme was on the point of
defeat, when the war name, altering
the whole situation. Until then she
had kept up well through all trials, but
the shock was too great. Her nervous
system gave way for the time, and
hence the necessity for a medical at
tendant.
'"The Queen is not going to Hawaii
with any aggressive motive. She is
quite content to accept the Inevitable
nr.d will not offer any active opposition
t<-> annexation. Of course she expects
to receive Just treatment from the
T'niteii States and to obtain a fair com
pensation for the crown lands, which
have been taken from her by the re
public of Hawaii. But she wi'i not id
vise her subjects to resist and unless
th<"'y call upon her, by an overwhelming
vote, to oppose annexation, she will do
nothing to prevent the union of Hawaii
with the I'nited Stare*. She realizes
that her cause is lost, but her beloved
People are still left, to her and their
will is hers."
REDS AND PIRATES
FIGHT TO A DRAW
NATIONAL T.r.AGVK STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..r.s 23 .GO* P;u?!>iirp: ...44 41 .51?
.Boston M 30 .643 Philadelphia 37 42 .46*
Cleveland ...51 32 .614 Brooklyn ...33 4? 40"
Baltimore ...4? 32 .606 1 Washington 31 5] .3<7
I ■ -1-, 47 40 .'■*; Louisville -.30 55 .353
New York ..43 39» .521 St. iyiuis ..24 63 .276
BALTIMORE. July 2f,.— The Orioles de
feated' the Giants to-day In a game
that was a nerve strainer. Attendance
.2200. Score:
• Club*- R. H. K.
Baltimore 4 9 1
New York 3 10 2
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Meekin. Get
,.t!g and' Warner. Umpires — Lynch and An
drews.
PITTSBI'RG. July 2fi.— The only game
Cincinnati has lost. h<-re this season was
Its last played. Attendance 4000. Score:
• Clubs— r. H. 1:
Plttsburg 3 fi 1
Cincinnati C 12 3
Batteries— Hastings and Bowerman; Dwyer
and T-'itz. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
Score second game:
:1 *— n. }i k
PtttPburg 3 8 3
<'in^lrmt ; 2 10 0
Batteries- Ho!Tf>r and Bowerman: Hill and
Vaughn. Umpires- and Brown.
NEW YORK. July 26.— The Brooklyn*
lor.t to-day's game to the Bostons be
cause of their inability to bat Lewis to
any great extent. Attendance 1500. Score:
Clobf - v h. i:
Hr"f'klyn 1 3 .-
Boston 6 10 ,
Batteries— J. Yeafer and Ryan; Lewis and
BerK<»ii. Umpires -Swartwood and Wood.
LOUISVILLE, July 26.- Th? Browns
lost the game in the second liinlng, two
errors and four hits netting five runs.
Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— r. ii. j^
Louisville 5 8 ft
St.' Louis •> 9 •>
Batteries Fraser and Kttt ridge; Taylor and
Clements. Umpires— EmMie and Hunt.
PHILADELPHIA. July 2>5.-\Vashington
: Philadelphia game called at end of third
. inning on account of rain. Score stood 3
to 1 in favor of Philadelphia.
BEACHCOMBERS ARE
UNDER SUSPENSION
•• SANTA CRUZ, July Manager Tut
tie has received a telegram from Presi
dent Bert suspending the Beach Combers
...from the Pacific Coast Baseball League I
• for refusing to play Fresno next Sunday.
•The Beach Combers had refused to play
•:.in Fresno because of what they claim to
• have • been discourteous treatment re
• reived when they last played there. To
• -night they met and decided that they
•would play in Fresno, and the suspension
• probably will be lifted.
Winners at Butte.
m'TTK. Mont., July 20 -First race, four
furlong*— Ban Aurunin won, Senator Watts
second. Distance third. Tine. :30.
. Second race, seven furlongs— Osculation won
Lady Fllßht second, Reel third. Time, l:23»i'
Third race, on* mile— Dolore won. Imp. Mis-
Bloner (second, FlashllclH third.- Time l:ttU
Fourth race, nve furlongs— atlas Row'cna won
Bill Howard second, Imp. Black Cap third
Time. 1:00%.
Fifth race, one and one-quarter miles—Ross
more won. Viking second. Silverado third
Time, 2:I0'/4.
Sixth race, one mile— Watomba won.. William
OB second, New Moon third. Time, l:43yi.
"Kid" Ryan Gets a Match.
f RIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. July 20.—
Charles (Kid) Ryan of San Francisco and
Mike Magoni of Crippie Green, the cham
pion feather-weight of Colorado, signed
to-day to fight twenty rounds here on
August 7. both to weigh In the feather
weight class
NO MECHANICS'
FAIR IN 1898
This Year's Exposition
Has Been Abandoned.
TOO MANY FAIRS THE CAUSE
NATIVE DAUGHTERS ROAST
INSTITUTE TRUSTEES.
They Say They Were Treated Like
Prize-Fight Promoters and Tell
How — Some Caustic State
ments.
There was a rumor current on the
street yesterday that the trustees of the
Mechanics' Institute were greatly wor
ried over a shortage or deficit of several
thousand dollars in the receipts for the
last fiscal year. According to the state
ment of Rodney Kendrlck, vice-president
of the institution, however, the shortage
hns not materialized, hut there has been
much anxiety as to whether the institute
would be able to hold its own during the
balance of the calendar year.
Some time ago financial conditions be
came so unsatisfactory that it was found
necessary to appoint a committee to In
vestigate the situation and report the re
sults with suggestions as to means to be
adopted to turn the adverse tide into one
of prosperity. The results of the labors
of this committee have not been made
public, but one particular point they em
phasized was the fact that if the loss of
membership In the library continued aa
it had been maintained In the preceding
three months the institute would find it
self at the end of the current year with
a very awkward deficit to provide for.
The knowledge of these bad conditions
led to a general discussion of affairs
among the trustees regarding the policy
to be pursued under these circumstances.
It had been Intended to hoid the Me
chanics' Fair as usual in the hope of add
ing to the general fund, but after long
and earnest consideration it was tacit
ly agreed that it would not be wise to
give an exposition this year lest it prove
a losing instead of a paying proposition,
ar.d the announcement win probably be
made at the next regular meeting ot the
—mere Is no deficit at the present
time." said Yice-Pfesident Kendrick yes
terday afternoon. In speaking ot the
rumor regarding the institute, "but we
feared at one time that (or several rea
sons particularly on account of the heavy
loss of membership that came with the
prospect of war, that we wonld surfer a
loss. Lately, however, we flnd that the
roll of members is increasing Bteadlly, and
if that keeps up we will be all right. We
hud intended to hold a fnir with special
features this year, but after looking over
the situation "we concluded it was not
promising.
"Thert- have been the Miners' Fair, the
Masonic Fair, the several military exhi
bitions, and now cotnes the Irish Fair.
It was not reasonable to suppose that the
merchants and manufacturers, on whom
. irgely depend for the success of our
exposition!", would care to do more of that
kind Of advertising this season, and a.s
a conseo.uer.ee we have decided that we
would not be displaying good business
sense to hold a fair, bo there will be
none this year at least. Between now and
the time to hold the exposition in Kk>
\\n will endeavor to devise some new
and taking features which will assure its
success.
"Of course the Institute is quite
wealthy, tor instance, our pavilion prop
erty alone is worth anywhere from $750,uu0
to Jl,u<'w,ikiO. Then we have the. Mission
blocks, which are very valuable. How
ever, that property is not all paid for, as
will be seen by the fact thai we arc now
paying $c>Ot per month interest on the in
debtedness. This drain, jrittt other regu
lar expenses, has to lie met, and you
know we always want to show a good
substantial net proilt at the end of each
year. 1 think things will run along nicely
from this time on.'
'ihe Native Daughters, Red Cross Aid,
which gave the highly successful drill of
tne Seventh Regiment at the Pavilion last
Thursday night, has something to say
with reference to what It calls "The
penuriousiiess of this wealthy public in
stitution." The entertainment was given
for the purpose Of raising money to send
to Colonel Smith for the benefit of the
First Regiment. California Volunteers, at
Manila, and the public responded to the
worthy call in a most gratifying manner.
"We innocently hoped when we under
took the work," said one of the officers
of the Native Daughters' organization,
"that It 3 charitable object would receive
some consideration from the Mechanics'
Institute. The Seventh Regiment pre
pared for and did its arduous work gladly,
and the Native Sons' band volunteered to
furnish concert and dance music, but
when we approached the trustees of the
Institute we found that we had sterner
stuff to deal with. We naturally supposed
that an institution that counted its wealth
by tiie hundred.-- 02 thousands of dollars
and which derived its property and sup
port from the public would In these jimes
of war and its horrors display charity
and patriotism ,is the thousands of citi
zens of tiiis city nnd State have been
and are now doing. When we asked for
terms on the use of the- Pavilion we were
curtly refused, ami to our surprise found
that we were, so far as rental was con
cerned, classified with the promoters of
prize lights and every other private en
terprise. We appealed to their patriotism,
and asked for a reduction, but could not
get one dollar concession. They charged
us .tlijp for the use of the binding, and
saiti the gas would cost $J'i. When we
got the bill we found that we had not
only been charged $14 for gas. but *2 for
turning It on and %'i for the fact that the
fixtures were equipped with a 'patent
burner.' The public, we believe, will
agree with us tn.it this was a display ol
a miserly s;.irit and what makes It worst
is the circumstance that it comes from
tho managers of this great popular pub
lic institution. '
"I must not forget to mention the
smallest and meanest thing done by the
trusu-ep. After charring us the top tlg
ure w<' were Informed that we must send
two free tickets to each trustee. Think
of that, and they were twenty-five cent
tickets too. Compare this with the fact
that every one of the women who organ
izi<l the entertainment paid for admis
sion, and the daily press gave us columns
of their valuable space to assist in mak
ing this charity work a success.
"However, without any thanks to the
trustees of tin- Mechanics' Library, and
with heartfelt thanks to the thousands
of citizens and soldier boys who cheer
fully gave their aid, the Native Daugh
ters are proud and happy to say they
cleared nearly $Wj at that drill. ' Every
cent of this money will be cabled to
Honrkorst and fmm there forwarded
to the First Regiment boys to provide
for them In sickness and hardship."
Military Appointments Invalidated.
ST. LOUIS. July 22 I).—A1 ).— A special to the
Post-Dispatch says that the War Depart
ment has ruled that the President alone
can appoint officers to vacancies in vol
unteer regiments caused by death, resig-- i
nation or discharge after being mustered I
Into the United States service. Thla will, I
it is .-aid, invalidate a number <>f ap
pointments made by Governor Stephens
to the i"ivf regiments now in the Beld.
Among those appointed by the Governor
•ifti-r muster is Major Henry S. Julian,
former Chief of i'ulico of Kansas City.
to a vacancy in the Fifth Missouri Vol
unteers.
Capay Valley's Peach Crop.
WOODLAND, July .2r,.-The peach crop
of Capay Valley is much larger than was
anticipated early in the season, but the
peaches are small. Very low prices pre
vail.
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July 26.— Mrs. Mary
King, an old resident, died this morning.
She was 76 years of age and a native of
Missouri.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush. Larkln ots. ; swlmmlnr Russian, hot and
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CAKL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 189 S.
TWO FAVORITES
GET THE COIN
Results of the Races at
Brighton.
LAMBENT BEATS TROLLEY
WINS A HANDICAP AT ODDS OF
SIX TO ONE.
Cormorant Takes a Two-Year-Old
Event and Dr. Catlett Finishes
Second to Light- Weighted
Marito.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW* YORK, July 26.— The track was fasi
this afternoon and the racing quite Interesting;.
Only two real favorites were successful and no
Jockey had luck enough to pilot more than
one winner.
First race, Belling, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. H. Str. Fin.
•Songster, 91 Dup«« S <T 11 IS
OharaKrare. 91 Maher i 212 2
•Tinge, 108 Hamilton In 11 0 Z
Time, I:4S\. Won easily. Second and third
drivlnK.
Merlin (94) also ran. Straight oddi against
first three— i to 5, 8 to 1 and 6 to $.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, purs«, five fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. U. %. Str. Fin.
Federal. 112 Doggett 2 1 Ml n 11
Mark Miles. 112 James 8 3 2121
Leando, 107 Taral 0 0 0 8
Lady Meddlesome, 109..MahT 1 n 2 n 3 0
Time. 1:02. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Primers (112), Sister Fox (109), Subject (103).
•!iun Cupid (K>7), Improvident (107>, Spanloh
Main (107), Helle of H (104). Miner B (104) ana
Klondike Queen (104) also ran. Straight odds
against first three— 2V4 to 1, S to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V H- %■ Str. Fin.
•Rotterdam. 11l Taral 2 2 21 22 In
Chenille, 101 Daly 1 1 11112 1
Sr.-amp Angel. 106. Maher 3 3 3 3 3
Time. 1:42%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Fitz.glbbons (102) also ran. Straight odds
agalnFt first three— 3 to 10, 15 to 1 and 2V4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, handicap, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H. V Str. Fin.
Lambent, 120 o'Leary 2 2 1 % 1 1
■ •Trolley, 12ti Doggett 1 1 2 2ns
Autumn. 110 Maher 0 0 i 3
: Lady Marian. 113 Connor 3 3 0 0
1 Time, 1:01*4. Won handily. Second and third
' driving.
' Orion (125) • and Hanwell (118) also ran.
Straight odds against first three — 6 to 1, 6
to 5 and 8 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two-year-elds, selling, six fur
longs:
i Name and Weight. Jockeys. 14. »'.. Ptr. Fin.
•Cormorant, 102 Songer 11 11 12 11
Ben Viking, 106 Mathews 2 % 2 % 3 2 1
Country Dance, 99 Maher 0 0 2 3
i Sarony, 102 O'Connor 3 3 0 0
■ Time, 1:15. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Hold Up (102) and Neuberger (102) also ran.
i Straight odds against first three— Even money,
2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, handicap, one mile:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V*. H- K. Fin.
i Marlto. 97 Maher 8 3 8 11
•Dr. Catlett. 12S Taral 2 2 21 2h
■ Her Own. 102 O'Connor 11 11 11 .1
Time, 1:41. Won handily. Second and third
i driving.
Governor Budd (96) also ran. Straight odds
' against first three— to 5, 3 to 5 and 10 to 1.
, 'Favorite.
SHOWED SPEED AT ST. LOUIS.
Work of the Flyers Over the Ancient
Fair Grounds Hace Course.
BT. LOUIS, Jul • 26.—^ix races were run over
a muddy track this afternoon, the favorites
and outsiders dividing the honors and the
nrntioy. .T. McDonald, the California Jockey,
piloted the larKPst number of winners.
First race, selling, one mile:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 14. K. Str. Fin.
Adam Andrew, 107. .McDonald 0 0 3 11
•Empress Josephine, 89.. Kane 2 2 12 1
Annie Oldfleld, S3 Frost 3 3 2 3
Time, lMS'.j. Won cleverly. Second and third
dri\ - lns.
Dr. Hnger (109), Plantation (104). Katie Long
fellow (104), Jim Con way (104), Joe o'Sot (106),
Florldas (102). Plcarona (100), Sir Joseph Lis
ter (94), Conater (91). Tel ford (91), Cousin Liz
zie (89), Allie B (8?) and Glenower (89) also
ran. Straight odds against first three— to 1,
2 to 1 and 30 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, four and a half
furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. 4. »i. Str. Fin.
•Evelyn Byrd. 115 Hall 0 0 0 Ins
Lady Memphis, 115.. C. Coombs 2 2 3 2
Sldtilla, 115 Lines 11 11 12 I
Thlsbe, 115 T. Williams 3 3 2 0
Time, :55%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
.Stride (115), La Josephine (115), Lulu W (115),
Alice Coffin (115), Bolerle (115), Nothing (115),
Havel (115) and Shine Down (115) also ran.
Straight odds against first three — 6 to 5, 10 to
1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, one mile:
Name and ' Weight. Jockeys. V . 4. %. Fin.
Howitzer 91 Lines 3 3 lh 11
I J.aura May, 89 C. Murphy 1%1 % 0 2ns
1 Judge de Bouse. 106..011m0re 0 0 2h 3
Velocp, 94 Stevens 2 2 0 0
•Preclta 104 .T. McDonald 0 0 3 0
Time. l:4S?i. Won handily. Second and third
driving. (106). Stella B (102), Sklnk (94),
I'otvhatta HC6). Stella B (102). Skink (94).
Tewanda (SI) and Myrtle (89) also ran.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H. %. Str. Fin.
•Leo Planter. 121. ...McDonald 2 3 2 13
Dandy H. 106 T. Williams 0 0 3 2 2
Pat Cleburne, 106 Gilmore 3 12 liiJ
; Sir Gatran. 100 Snell 0 2 0 0
El Glor. 99 Lines 10 0 0
Time 1:12\4. Won easily. Second handily.
i Third driving.
Rom "'lay (106) also ran. Straight odds
against first three— 6 to 6, 4 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs.
Name and Weipht. Jockeys. *. »i- Str.Fln.
•Belle Bramble. 105.......5ne1l 2 2 1421 11
Mitchell. 110 J. McDonald 0 0 3 2 h
Good Hop*. SI Ward 0 3 12 3
Flylnc Bird, 81 .....Frost lh lh 0 0
| Slddubla. 103 Un'S 3 0 0 0
; Time, 1:17H- Won handily. Second and third
driving.
I Scribe (110), Imp. Kin? Gold (110) and Weird
; (107) also ran. Straight odds against first three
j — fi to a, 8 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite. -.V.-v
i Sixth race, selling, one mile.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. \i. M,. %. Fin.
I Schiller. 109 Rutter 1 111112
I Moralist. 107 Snell 3 2h 2h 21
•King Oscar, 94 Lines 0 3 3 3
I Bill Jackman, 91 Stevens 2 0 0 0
Time, 1:47. Won easily. Second handily.
I Third driving.
Klsmore (!■•») also ran. Straight odds against
first three— 2V4 to 1, 2^4 to 1 and 2 to 1.
.•Favorite. . yj-'-T- '-a "
HURRYING HORSES AT HARLEM
Favorites Worsted Quite Regularly.
How the Races Were Run.
CHICAGO, Jttly 2C. -The track wan In very
pood condition this afternoon. Tommy Burns
did the best Baddl« work, with two wins to his
credit. A riiFi|iinliflratlon in the first rare
causoi] no little excitement, but a Burnn-Water
house colt benefited by It.
FlrFt race, two-year-olds, purse, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. Vi. \. Str Fin
tPr!n<-e McClurß, 118. .. .Turner S 3 1112 1
•Gauntlet, lis Thorpe 2 2 2 2ns |
Volandles, US Caywood 0 0 0 3 i
Galathee, US Everett 0 0 0 0 I
Willy Howard, 102... T. Burns 1 h 1 h 3 0 i
tDlsquallfled for n foul. Gauntlet placed
first. Volanrties second, Galathee third.
Time. l:U2*i. Won handily. Second and third
drlvlnff.
Poxnatta (102), Facade (115) and P>l Tlpton
(IIS) also ran. Straight odds against first
three— Even money, 12 to 1 and 7 to 6.
•Favorite.
Second rare, selling, one mile:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. Mt- %. Fin
Little Singer, 104...... ..8105s 1 1 1111
Tonto, .....'... — ...Thorpe .0 0 0 2V4
Wtnslow. 108..: Van Dußen 0 0 0 3
•Necedah. 106 .. .. ..Conley 2 2 3 0
llorl. 97... ...T. Burns 0 0 ' 2 0
• Time.' 1:45. Won handily. Second and third
driving. • ...
Sir Hobart (97). Treeby (104). Inconstancy
(104). Hessvllle (106). and Swordsman (109) also
ran. Straight odds against first three to 1.
6 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite. ;' ,'7 • '
: ' ■' :
Third race, purse, mile and a furlong:
Name and Weight, f; Jockeys. %. ft- \. Fin.
■
Charlie Christy, 101.. T. Burns lh Ittltt 1 4
Candelarla, 102 Thorp* 0 0 3 2
•Elusive, 94 Everett 2 2 2 3
Sunburst. 104 Bloss 3 3 0 0
Time. 1:5414- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three— B to 6, 4
to 1 and 4 to {.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, two-year-olds, four and
a half furlongs:
Nam* and Weight. Jockeys. H- %■ Str. Fin.
•Boney Boy. 102 T. Burns 1 1 1113
Elsie a, M Hewitt 2 2 2 21
The Dragoon. 106 Shepherd 0 0 0 3
Major Estridge. 102 Conley 0 3 3 0
Time, :55. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Xora Ivee (99), Stamina (102), Numa (102),
Eva Wilson (102) and Charline (107) also ran.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, two-year-olds, four and a
half furlonps:
Name anri Weight. Jockeys. H. It. Str. Fin.
Guess Me, 102 Everett 11110 1
•The Kentucklan Caywood 3 3 2 2
•Sea Lion, 105 T. Burns 0 0 0 3
Speedy Cass, 100 Rose 2 2 10
Jockey Joe 103 N. Turner 0 0 3 0
Time, :54%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Scamper (97). Miss Mark (99), Vie Lamont
o'9) and Mistres»R Peg (100) also ran. Straight
odds against first three— 4 to 1. 8 to a and »
•Favorite.
B!xth race, Belling, one mile:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. <4. H. %. Fin.
Meddler. 108 H. Shields 2 11 12 12
Roger B, 10S Thorpe 0 8 0 2 h
Prosecutor 109 Conley 0 0 0 8
Albert S. 11l Caywood 112 3 0
Locunt Diossom, 95..Newcomb 0 0 2 0
Time, 1:41 V Won easily. Second and third
driving.
•Mldian (100) and Goose Liver (109) also ran.
Straight odds against first three— B to 1. I to
5 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite. _______^____
A Runaway Accident.
SAN RAFAEL, July 26.— What almost
resulted' in the the death of Mrs.
Patrick Connolly, wife of a San Quen
tln guard, in a runaway accident, oc
curred yesterday afternoon. Connolly and
his wife drove over from the prison, and,
stopping in front of Sutherland's har
ness shop, Connolly took the bridle off
his horse to have it mended. Taking
fright at a passing bicyclist, the horse
dashed down Fourth street. Near the
broad gauge depot the buggy was over
turned ana wrecked and Mrs. Connolly
was throv.-n out with such force as to
render her unconscious. An examination
showed that her arm was broken and
that she was severely bruised and cut on
the face and hands.
Native Sons' Installation.
SAN RAFAEL, July 2C— The annual In
stallation of the officers of iiiount Tamal
pois Parlor No. 64, Native Sons of the
Golden West, took place last evening.
District Deputy J. Niff officiated. A ban
quet was tendered the officers by the
members. They are: Worthy president,
Fred Harfer; first worthy vice president,
M. F. Cochrane; second vice, George
Herzog; third vice, Emmett Hay den;
worthy marshal, Steven Richardson;
worthy inside guard, J. H. Watson Jr.
Arnett Taken Captive.
SUSANVTLI,E. July 2>s.— Arnett, who
shot his wife yesterday, was captured
to-day about five miles west of Hayden
Hill. 'The Sheriff is bringing him to Su
sanville. His wife still is suffering from
her wounds. The motive Tor the shooting
is not known.
Mourning in Woodland.
WOODLAND, July 26.— Miss Minnie
Lee, Bister of Miss Harriet Lee. president
of the County Board of Education, died,
after a long and painful illness, at about
11 o'clock this morning.
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTF.L.
Mrs M H Porter, Chgo A E Rowland & w.
w A Bleep, Grass Val Merced
W U'lng. Ohio Mrs J W Yearhart.
H P Gray, V B N Fresno
T H Green S Rafael J M Sijuier. USSViglnt
W 11 Mallory, StocktnjW W Williams. Redng
n L Roacoe, S-iitifurd IB F Loug:hboroUK-h, Va
F Jones, Stanford C Franeee, Fr»-.«no
C C I'ratt, Stanford O I) Dewey&W, B Jose
3 Brodte. Mill Valley IA Hudson, Merced
H B :'.p.-ijam!n. StktnU Mathena, Bacto
E R Smith & w.L AngjM Blgga, Ortdley
L H Siiilth. Fresno ID Elanor. Sulsun
G Hiinsb-rirer. Vlsalla \V J Ross. WatsonviUe
J S Booty, Texas J Ste^lc A w. Hanford
M S Kalser&W. Stock J S Peart, w & 2 d,
Q C RandsburK. Cal ] Grimes
C Wetmore. Sulsun IMrx J E Kerr. Ky
W J Dtllman. Safto Mrs W T Woodard.Ky
J p Pariah, L Ang L L I^wls ft w. facto
J H- Millar, Cotasa W F Incalls. Nnpa
G H Hartwell. L Anc C H Castle, M-rced
PALACE HOTEL.
P. Sulzer, U S V • R L Peeler, Nev
F Eliel, Mont Mrs M I Jones, Nev
Mrs C Hechtman, Cal Mrs T Flink, S Juan
Miss L Hechtman, Col Mrs J II Qoase, Nev
6 M Neville. Ohio Mrs M Mudd. Nev
Mrs A M Neville. Ohio E W Boates, Seattle
H E Schuleln, Chicago E W Spottwood. Mont
W V Winthrop. Londn A Craig & \v, Chicago
\\ Wlnthroj), London S N Kucker. is Jose
H 7. Oshorne. L Ang F H Ruck Aw. Cal
G Leask, NT T W Jackson, Tex
D J Cone & w, Cal Mrs J P Erie, L Ang
A L Levlnsky. Stktn W G Hlggins, Chicago
R B Tarr, N V Mrs Hlfrglns, Chicago
Mrs I Rawßon, Conn IE S Morlne. Cal
Mis* Raw-son, Conn P Ehrenrelch, Berlin
A C Luck, Nev W •'. Hargraves, Cal
: . • BALDWIN HOTEL.
C A Devlin, Vailejo |G Q Goucher, Fresno
.1 H Roberts. Saeto O W Shrader, N V
G S Kirby, Vallejo Miss Howland, Denver
J Lemon & w. Cal iR B Parker, Pa
I! E Webbs, Alameda I' N Davis, Salt Lake
F Hines. Ft Baker B O Dunton, Salt Lake'
O B Carter, Antioch R N Hedges, Cal
\V H Hamilton. Fresno N S Hedges, Cal
E C Adalr. Ohio A B Collins. Cal
Mrs P. Wylle & d, Cal II N Jackson, Stktn
J McCudden. Vailejo T B Chatham, Stktn
Miss McCudden, Vallej C D Eckstrom, Sacto
<; C Mlllftt. Pa NT Thomlson, Sacto
W T Purnell, Sacto IE W Johns, Ventura
H Bell, S Jose H C Johns, Ventura
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Kewberry, Cal *'< St Ledger, Chicago
J X Mefford. Capay .1 M T Dart, lowa
c cmllrch. Cal Q C Brougham, Mo
A J Done, Cal A Lavelle, Montreal
,T Prltcbard, Merced E Haro, N Zealand
F T Marshall. Mo A V Gray. Ont
II Hewitt, Cal Mrs E Fuller. Seattle
E D Edson, Northwood Miss Fuller, Seattle
E Cook, Merced Miss Weaver, Seattle
Q n Slavln. Fresno V Sbutes, Seattle
B Robinson. Tulare
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Tuesday, July 26.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwlns, Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD — Arrived July 26 — Stmr
Whlteaboro, hence July 25.
El'REKA— Arrived July 2fi— Schr Mary E
Russ, from Newport.
Sailed July 26— Stmr Fulton, for San Fran-
Cisco; BChr Benle Minor, fi^r San Pedro.
6AN FRANC'SCO CALL.
BUSTNKPR OFFICE of the Ran Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In Urn year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 687 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3k' Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
22fil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
Ftreet.s. open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second jKjC
degree. THEO. FKOLICH, Sec. /V'
MISSION Lodge No. 309, F. and A. M. ft
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- A
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Tsr
Third degree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /^r >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. &A. M. II
Special meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _^%^
1 EVENING. July 27, at 7:30 o'clock. J&JX
Third degree. /^r\
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
NATIONAL ofacera^fflffgSßßTT**^
nnd members of El Dorado
Council are urgently re- :^O '""'v'lk
quested to attend the fu- ~
neral of our late friend. MOSES SELIGMAN,
TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), at I p. fa., from
his late residence, 553 O'Farrell st. \ ■*.
J. W. CUTHBERT. Pres.
CHARLES ROTHSCHILD, Sec.
, REBEL CORK Benevolent Association—
bers of the picnic committee are requested to
attend a meeting at Cambrian Hall. THURS-
DAY EVENING, July 28, at 8 o'clock. Spe-
• cial committees and members ' having ; orders
I for prizes for the twelfth annual picnic to be
held at Shell Mound Park on SUNDAY,
August 7, 1898, are requested to report at this
meeting. JOHN SHEA, Chairman.
JOHN MOYNIHAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the ■.. Hakalau Plantation
Company will be held at the office of ■ the
company. 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cal..
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898.1 at
the hour of 11 o'clook a. m..- for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
. other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transler ; books will close on Friday.
July 29. IS9S, at 8 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
ANNUAL meeting of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works — The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Risdon Iron and
Locomotive Works fr-r the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may ba
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, IS9B,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Waldeck Sanatorium will be
held at 717 Jones St. TUESDAY EVENING,
August 2, at 8:30 o'clock. i
E. E. KELLY, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
JESSIE RAYDEUR. alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy St., rooms 12 and 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4, collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. l, r j>4 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S3 (fifty centa
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will br> payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market st., on and after August 1,
1898. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
July 26. ISDS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. 535 Market St.; phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— FEMALE.
MOTHER and daughter, young girl, want place
together In private family; mother as cook '
and housework; daughter as nurse girl and :
generally useful, best references; phone
Grant 185. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
STRONG Swedish girl wishes a place to wash
dishes, hot»l or boarding house. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
DANISH housegirl, good cook and laundress,
two years last place, $15 to $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
NEAT German girl wishes place as nurse, sec-
ond work or housework ; best references.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
SWEDISH housegirl wishes situation; flrst-
cljisb cook: 4 years last place. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter Ht. ; tel. Green 721.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 32.'. Sutler St.
COMPETENT young German girl desires situa-
tion as nurse or housework; $10 to $13; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook and housework j
girl desires situation; 3 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 32:, Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS French cook desires situation;
best reference; city or cuuntry. MISS CUL-
LEN, 225 Sutter st.
EXCELLENT chambermaid and seamstress;
lnvalld-'s nurse: first-class cooks; second girls
and girls for housework and assist. Ladles
if you want first-class help call at LEON
ANDRE, 316 Stockton St.
LA! 'IKS'. For an Al servant see J. F. CRO-
BETT & CO. 316 Sutter Bt.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation; Is a
good cook; will do light housework; city or a
short distance in the country: will work for
moderate wages. Apply 10 Stockton place.
off Stockton st., bet. Post and Sutter.
WANTED — By a young German woman a situ-
ation to do general housework for a private
family; is willing to work, but desires good
wages and good treatment. Inquire at 1515
Geary st.
NEAT, respectable young girl to work In
bakery and assist In housework; sleep home;
one who Is obliging. Address 2 or 3 days,
M. M., 2626 Mission st.
STRONG German woman wishes situation for
general housework, or as housekeeper; Is a
food cook and can do any kind of work,
•lease call at 4fi<! Vall.-Jo st
WANTED— Situation, by a young girl to do
light second work or upstairs work; can fur- !
nlsh best of city references. Box 210. Call.
GOOD worker wants to wiish flannels, clean
windows, sweeping, scrubbing or any klna
of housework, $1 a day. 10(51 Howard st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work In hotel or
boarding house; good references; city or
country. 2~M Mission st.
TWi i young Kirls wish situations for general
housework. Call between 12 and 6 p. m. at
121514 Mission st., near Eighth.
COMPETENT dresrmaker wants a few more
engagements by the day; terms $1 25. 1001 A
Guerrero st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day.
washing and housecleaning. 502 Stevenson
Et., corner Sixth, near Market.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work by th>> day; terms $1; references
given. Box 131, Call office.
GERMAN iilrl wl?hes position at general house-
work. Please call at 574 Chestnut St., rear;
no postals.
WOMAN wishes housework or washing by the
day. 1012 Valencia Bt.
GIRL not over 17; light housework; references
507 Guerrero st
WOMAN to go by the day washing and iron-
Ing. Please call 47 Clementina St.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wishes position;
small salary. Box 253, Call office.
AN experienced trimmer wants position; small
salary. Box ISO, Call office.
WORK by the day by young German woman;
$1 and car fare. 3272 Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class cook and
laundress. 12 Hyde St.
RELI VBLE woman, good cook and laundress,
would like a position to do housework: good
city references. Call or address 114 Harriet.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation in a hotel,
restaurant or nrivate house. Apply 4019H
Stockton Ft.; city reference.
BY stenoirraph^r and typewriter, experienced,
rapid and accurate: city references; $25 per
month. Box 1.72. Call.
GERMAN wishes to do cooking and general
housework; good cook: wages $25. 4073'
Twenty-fourth St., near Castro.
BY competent nurse, children, upstairs work
and sewing: moderate wages; references. Box
203, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, experienced Infant's
nurse; good reference. Box 150, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by neat young girl, assist
In housework or second work. Please call
441 Thirteenth st.
RELIABLE girl wants light housework and
cooking. Call or address 114 Harriet St., off
Folsom.
ELDERLT lady wishes a situation for house-
work: city or country; wages $12 to $15. K.
<\, 410 Stockton M.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like 1
place as housekeeper; wages moderate. Apply ■
nr> Wlldey st., oft Fillmore, noar Bush.
WOMAN would like place »n do upstairs work
and help with laundry work. Call 172 Lin-
den aye.
COMPETENT young woman wishes situation
In Binall American family: gen°ral house-
work; good plain cook. Address E. T.. 415
Jones st., stating price and how many.
WANTED- By good reliable, refined lady, good
home; make herself useful for moderate sal-
ary; city or country. 2621 Fush st.
SWEDISH woman wishes day work, washing
and hougecleanlng. $1 10. $350 Fifth st.
POSITION wanted to do general housework:
wnc's $25: good references. Box 26R. Call.
NEAT young girl wishes to assist with house-
work. 1601 Mission st., corner Twelfth. Call
between 3 and 5.
RELIABLE nurse and housekeeper: thorough-
ly understands h»r business; Is well recom-
mended. r,3 Stevenson st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as chamber-
maid in hotel; city preferred; good seam-
stress. Address box 2,*>9, Call office.
WANTED — By a lady who has partly learnea
the barber trade, a place to work in barber
shop; free service. Box 262. Call office.
TWO n>s])octnble and intelligent Swedish girls
with experience In chamberwork and cook-
ing would like places in good American fam-
ilies. Address 404 Greenwich St.
MIDDLE AGED lady would like a place to do
any light work or care of children. Call
524 Montgomery st.
WIDE-AWAKE, well educated young woman
wnnts employment; has had several years'
practical business experience and is thor-
oughly capable of doing any work that re-
quires honesty, industry and Intelligence. Ad-
dress L., box 1, Call office, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman would like
position to do general housework. 442 Minna.
REFINED lady with daughter of 12 would like
position as working housekeeper, or would
try anything honest: must have work; city
references. A. D., 1433 Mission st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework; $20 or $25 per month. Apply at
1.-.2 Clinton Talk.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing or
housecleanlng. Call at 711 Minna st.
4 MARKET ST. — Branch office of The Calf
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MAli!
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414H C'Farrell st.: tel. East 428.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) helD-
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st!
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
WANTS a situation— A young man 18 years of
age, • living with his parents, best of refer-
ence, wants to learn some respectable busi-
ness; writes a good hand; wages no object.
Address H. L. M.. box 435. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work; handy at paper
hanging, painting, whiting, whitewashing,
glazing; will work reasonable by the day;
good references. Box ,196, . Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants a position as :
barkeeper in saloon or hotel; make himself
generally useful around place; wages mod-
erate. Box 212, Call office.
COOK— Good, allround baker and cook wants
work; young man: country, hotel or board- ■
ing house; $35 month. E. BURRELLS, 639 ■
Clay st.
SITUATION wanted on private place; take
care of horses and carriages; city or coun- ■
try. CHAS. LAENGER, 621 California st. !
YOUNG reliable man, ability, desires pos'l-
tion, with opportunity of advance. Box 248,
Call office. •." ; ;
YOUNG man from the East well acquainted
with wholesale liquor business would like a -
position at same. Box 133, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS baker wishes a situation on
bread and cakes. Address 2031 Mission St., ]
near Sixteenth st.
YOUNG man who can take care of horses and
cows wants a position. G. MORRIS, 904
Kearny st. ,
WANTED— by a middle-aged Eng-
lishman as Janitor. Address R. J. HARRY.
323 Hyde st. _
TOUNG man wants work In city or country:
understands care of horses and general work
about place. Address box 144. Call office.
JAPANESE student wishes a situation as a
school boy; speaks English well: has long ex-
perlence. Address FRED. 526 O'Farrell St.
JAPANESE wants position to do any kind of
work in evening for board- and room. M. v.,
505 Dupont st. _^____— —
BARBER wants position In some mining town
or camp. Address A., Call office.
WANTED— A situation by "^t-cUiss baker on
all kinds of bread. Address H. SPEIGAI-,
433 Clementina st.
MAN and wife wish positions to cook for hotel
or boarding house; city or country. Address
Hamburger Hot, 231 Fifth st.
SINGLE man with good references desires po-
sition as porter or on private place ; under-
stands the care of horses and is handy with
tools. Address box 265, Call office.
JEWISH young man w*nts situation, any
kind; salary no object. Box 275, Call office.
WANTED— By a competent married man, posi-
tion to take entire charge of ranch or gentle-
man's country place; first-class references.
Box 207, Call Office.
WANTED— Situation as valet or attendant to j
Invalid gentleman; thoroughly experienced, i
F. J.. box 260, Call Office.
YOUNG man speaking English. French, Ger-
man and Malay with five years office ex-
perience- traveled In China, Japan and In-
dia; desires situation. Box 184, Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable: free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.. to-day—
2 head waitresses and 7 side waitresses for
different country hotels, $25 and $20; 2 restaur-
ant waitresses, Vallejo, $20; 3 chambermaids
to wait, country. $20; 2 fancy lroners, country
hotel, $25 and found; 2 Jewish family cooks,
$25- 10 house girls. $20; house girl, Alameda, •
$IS. see party here 10 a. m. ; young girls to j
assist, $10, $12 and $15; house girl, Newman,
see party here 11 a. m.. fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH second girl, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. §
NEAT young girl, $12. MISS CULLEN', 325
Sutter st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS and waitresses, $15 each.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
REFINED German nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GIRL wash dishes, Vallejo, $10. MISS CUL-
J.KN". 525 Sutter st.
SECOND girl and sew. $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Batter st.
RESTAURANT waitress. $6 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter st ; j
NEAT housework girl, sleep home, $12. MISS |
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, country. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, country, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 i
Sutter st. ■ ■
NURSE, $15, country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ... ■ -' — - — - -^- -.:.:
FRENCH governess, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter St..
LAUNDRESS, Institution, $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. j
HOUSEWORK girl. Belvedere. $20: San Lean-!
dro, $25; Vallejo, $15; St. Helena, $20; 12 house- ;
work girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT girl, assist, $10. 2 In family. MISS j
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, $15; second girl, $20;
cook, $25; young girl to assist, $10. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutler st.
HOUSE girl. $25: country, see party here; wait-
ress, $15; chambermaid. $15; nurse girl, $15. i
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. „
MIDDLE-AGED woman. $15, light place; 3 1
house girls, $20 each; German girl, $15. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Butter St. ■
HO! for the hop fields— We want women, girls, :
boys and families to make up camping par- I
ties; here Is a chance to spend 6 or 8 weeks ]
on a camping trip and bring back some money t
besides: provisions advanced by the company;
good camping ground, plenty wood and run-
ning water: come and see us for particulars.
W. D. EWER A CO.. 626 Clay st.
2 GERMAN and French second girls, $20; 2
cooks. German style. $25; French seamstress,
$25; 2 ironers in laundry, $30 and $10 week; I
12 waitresses and chambermaids, $20 and i
$22 50; and girls for cooking and housework in j
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., j
316 Sutter st.
WANTED — second girl and sewing, $25; j
experienced nurse. $25: young nurse girl, $12;
housework, German cooking, $25: girls for
Belvedere, $15 and $20: girl for a shooting gal- ■
lery. $3 a day: French girls for housework, i
$15 and $20. LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st. j
AN energetic, refined lady wanted in office to
demonstrate a new remedy for ladles; ex- ;
perience and references absolutely necessary. j
Mlrnndus Remedy Co., Emma Spreckels
building, room 517.
NEAT girl for cooking and general housework;
small family; Swedish or German preferred.
1475 Twenty-seventh nve., Frultvale.
WANTED— A few first-class shoe stitchers and '
vampers: good pay to the right kind; fac- I
tory in city. Box 200 Call office.
GERMAN girl, general housework and cook-
ing; . 3 In family; references. 1944 Bush St.,
after 10 a. m.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking at 321
Bartlett st., bet. Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth.
GIRL for housework; American family of 3;
small washing; wages $25. 631 Larkln st.
GIRL for general housework, etc $12 H
MOHNS. Morton Sta. narrow gauge. Alameda,
WANTED— GirI to learn dressmaking! Apply
1032 Folsom st.
WANTED— A wash woman. 1049 Hst cor.
Twelfth aye.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 731 Green
st.. near Mason.
GO OD A tr ' 1 "' for general housework; 2, In fam-
ily. 2.. East St.. near Clay.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats and
button holes. 123 Russ st.
GIRL wanted to take care of child; $5. 1111
Howard st.
Y ?o U r X Tw ? c 1 n 1 t^ r ou hh r oth0 th? eWOrk - "» ** lr Oak " 8t "
NEAT young girl for housework. Apply 2612
■ Howard st.
GIRL 14 Oakland, assist housework; can at-
tend school: small wages. Address box 267.
Call office.
G L UL -.*?- do Bpner8 pner housework; references.
Box if.3i. Call office.
Glnl ' fo I llKnt housework, $5 month. Apply
store. Treat aye. and Twenty-fifth at.
VEST hand wanted. Room 120. 6 Eddy st.
LEARN dressmaking _ millinery; positions
free: patterns 2> up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
L £ ,? lN 8 , e ,T ln * nt Keisler Ladles' Tailoring
College. 113 McAllister st. ; patterns to order.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
st. ; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
HELP WANTED— 3IALK.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S OFFICE, 104 Geary
st., San Francisco.
$22 50 direct to Skaguay. Alaska; 300 laborers
and rockmen wanted at wages of 30c an hour
to work on the Skaguay Railroad. Write or
tta^.o" us for further Information. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR Vancouver Fare advanced
A gang of Italian railroad laborers; steady
work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
"-_*_?__? A LARGE MINING COMPANY
10 laborers to work around a mine and smelt-
ers nt wages from $1 60 to $2 50 a day; steady
work; reduced fares. C. It. HANSEN * CO..
I 104 Geary st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ELECTRICIAN who can put In, run and re-
pair a large plant: must also understand
Incandescent and arc lighting, etc.; $100 a
month. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GREENHOUSE man who knows something
about florist business: $35 and found; a single
man between 20 and 35 years of age preferred;
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
10 LABORERS, free fare, $1 75 a day; board
$4 50 a week: steady job near city. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 LABORERS to handle rock on barges. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 RANCH carpenters. $30 and found; black-
smith, small country* shop, $35 and found,
fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 10/
Geary st.
9 FARMERS, $20 and found; milker, $25: 3
choremen, $10 and $15; woodchoppers and tie
makers. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HEAD waiter, springs hotel, permanent, $30
and fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
NEAT waiter, country, $35, fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD and second cooks for a small restaurant
in Nevada, $70 and free fare; cook, small
restaurant, $40; second cook, small restaur-
ant, Santa Cruz, $30 and room, see party here;
cook. 12 men, ?25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
NEAT French-speaking waiter, $50. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
3 TEAMSTERS, city. $1 50 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
100 RAILROAD laborers and teamsters, regular
wages, free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
HOTEL porter, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
WANTED— S neat young waiters for summer
resort. $25 each and free fare. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TO WASHINGTON Fare paid
Fare paid To Washington
10 laborers to work in saw mill (not woods);
wages $26 and found. MURRAY A READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
tcTthe— T_tlx" E s
95 laborers to work around a iarge mine;
wages from $2 50 a day. board 50 cents a day;
no experience n^cessarv; reduced railroad
rates to works. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 63G Clay st.
PAINTER, striper and finisher. $2 50 a day^
carriage works, fare $1. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay Bt
TO THE^ SAWMILLS. ETC.
Edgerhand $40 and found
6 lumber pliers $30 and found
Man to handle logs $35 and found
95 woodchoppers 64 tiemakers
MIRRAY_ & READY '14 and 636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife $30 and found
small good ranch: 3 milkers. $30 and $25; 8
farm hands: hands for different places, $26
and $20 and found; felt and composition
roofer, $3 a day; stableman, city. $35; 6 team-
sters, city Jobs, $1 75 a day; 5 laborers, pick
and shovel work. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
MAN. private family $15 and fon .; 5 chore-
boys r»» men for ranches: ehoreman for lodg-
ing-house, city. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay at.
12 COOKS for different places In California,
$55, $45. $35 and $30 nnd found
6 waiters. $25 and $20 and found
(. dishwashers. $16 and $20 and found
Assistant bartender. $20 and found
MURRAi. & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED — Stableman, gentleman's place In
country. $25 and found: German to do chores
about resort, near city, steady Job. $25 and
found; man to milk 6 cows and do chores
about ranch house. $25 and found: 5 more men
for sawmill, Washington, fare advanced, $28
and board; man to repair furniture and gen-
erally handy with tools about country hotel.
$25 and found; milker. $30; elderly man for
institution, mend boys' clothes, $10, good
home; 100 men and boy_ to pick hops, pro-
visions advanced, plenty wood and water on
the ground; waiters; farmers; dishwashers;
cook, nn baking, country. $55, fare advanced.
W. P. EWER A 00, 626 Clay St.
—HO for the hop fields ____Z_______l_____Z
100 men, women, boys and families to pick
hops for large company: SOc to $1 per loo;
good camping ground; plenty wood and water
free; provisions advanced; 6 to 8 weeks work;
office fees SOc each; come one, come all. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED — Colored driver for city: German or
Scandinavian gardener, $30 and found: timber
feller, $40 and found; farmers, $20 and $2«:
ehoreman for ranch, see boss here. $15 to $20;
young man about place, $15: woodchoppers,
$1 50 cord; laborers for country, $1 75 day and
increase: and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62$ Sacrament', st.
WANTED— Cook for steamer, $40 and found;
cook for Nevada, $40. fare advanced: ranch
cook, J2O; second cookn. wnlt.i-_. dl.h.
Tva»hers and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Young man with some experience
at coffin making for undertaking parlors. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT. 62S Sacramento St.
500 HOP PICKERS ( anybody 1. from 80c to $1
per hundred pounds; fare $2 70; see foreman
at our office to-day. R. T. WARD &. CO.,
60S-610 Clay st.
S. KING, the timber feller, please call; second
timber feller, $30 to $35; 2 miners, $30. board;
2 teamsters. $26; 2 waiters, $25; planar man.
R. T. WARD & CO., 60S and 610 Clay St.
MAN and wife to take charge of place, $20,
light work. MISS CULLEN. ."25 Sutter St.
YOUNG man to wash dishes. $10 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter rt
BARBER— First-class; small city; wages $14;
call early. H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh st.
BARBER wanted. 302 Montgomery aye.
BARBER wanted Wednesday evening, Satur-
day and Sunday. 806 Fifth st.
WANTED— Painter: must have experience In
paper h Ing. 410 Fifth St.
QOOD ad solicitor for special publication; 30-
per cent. C, box 127, Call office.
WANTED — Man to learn barber trade; best
terms. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— An errand boy; reference required.
2009 Flllmore st. . ■
WANTED— Good lunch waiter. Apply 3 Jack-
son st.
WANTED — Carriage . painter. LOWNEY
BROS., 426 Ninth et.
DISHWASHER wanted. 26 Turk itreat,
BAKER wanted on bread and cakes; day work:
$35 and found. 913 Buchanan st.
MAN to farm on shares; small capital. Ad-
dress box 270. Call office. "
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free «*Ptoy-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec..l_T7th: tel. Jessie. 1164.
I BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
! FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13*.
I GENT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOOT-EN. 519 PHbert _.
GENTLEMEN^ ladles wanted for good sell-
Ing article on salary or commission. 850
Market st.. room 25.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen carpenters coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WANTKD^~ Montana House. . 764H Mission.
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: ; 60c. We and $1 per week.
■WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
\h«t -pm' Rolkin R^no House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
MFN tcTlearn barber trade In S weeks. San '
Fr»nc?sco Barber College. l«n_ Eighth st.
SAILORP and ordinary seamen wanted at
IiANE'S, BM Davis Kt., near Jackson.
urvV fl n e calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
! soling. 35c: only one price. 959 Howard st.
! sTVOl]E~furnished. fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c niight^ Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY"TcmTliouse. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. I-lndel House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WAN'TFP- To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knos Collection Agency. HO Sutter st.
WIN' "HESTER HOUSE. 44 Third nt.. near
Market; - |W rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
YOUR name on a postal will bring my big ff»
lustrated catalogue of war novelties and
badges, 200 Illustrations. Don't buy In the'
dark. I beat the world on prices. L. N.
CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St.. Boston, Mass.
PARTNERS WAITED.
WANTED — Partner quick: big money; busi-
ness established: $35 required. W. Mission st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— To rent: furnished rooming hous«,
about 12 rooms, south of Market St. A. 8..
box 211. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — To rent; barber shop In country
town or hotel. J. >"., box 261, Call office.
WANTED— Up to date novelties for country
towns California. Box 134. Call office.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 16*.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 181 LBUSINESS CHANCES.
ARDING-HOUSK with 11 furnished
rooms; heft possible location;' just across the
bay; IS regular boarders; big transient trade;.,
trial before buying; this offer is genuine and
best In its line. M. LESS, 765 Market et.,
1 pp. Phelan building.
(400 WILL buy to-day a restaurant and cof-
fee sal ion In greatest manufacturing district
of city, worth double; finest fitted up place
there; receipts average from $900' to $1000 per
month: rent only $30; for a genuine bargain
this stands unrivaled; owner must go East.
M LESS, TO.', Market St. ■ . . -
$1200 — DHY goods and gents' furnishings and
notion ill ■■<': excellent corner in good part of :
city; ! nice living rooms and bath: Invoice j
value stock fully $1200; well paying business;
grand opening for any one; full Investigation
afforded: satisfactory reasons for selling. M.
LESS, 765 Market St., opp. Phelan building.
A— BARGAIN unsurpassed and unequaled;
■ groceries, candies, branch bakery, notions,
stationery, etc. store, with 4 living rooms, on
principal street, offered for sale at posi- i
tively less than invoice value of stock; own-
er there 6 years and must sell at once on ;
account of departure for East; business
speaks for itself; rent only $15. M. LESS,
765 Market St. . —
CORNER saloon: down town; on Market
St.; no competition; doing excellent business:
room for large Increase: could be enlarged
into wholesale and retail liquor concern; no
■better location in town lor such purpose:
sickness cause sale. LESS. 765 Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon with 3 living rooms. In-
cluding furniture; good location principal :
street; handsome place; neat and inviting;
large rtock; daily receipts $S: rare offer; gen- :
vine bargain; hard to duplicate it. Apl'l)
" M. LESS, 768 Market St.. OPP- I'helan Dldg.
A— s4s,o— Cigar-store on Market Ft.. 1 block j
from Baldwin Hotel; rent H«; owner has 2
stores and too much to attend. See WILKE, ,
545 Market Ft. _. I
A— s6ooo; bakery; one of the oldest and best- ;
known bakeries of this •>. doing a large,
first-class l'liyini? business; 6 horses, 3 wag-
ons; using dally 12 barrels of Hour; sickness j
' of owner compels sale. Particulars WILKE. i
845 Market; st. . j
$600— PAHTNER wanted in a saloon and lodg- ,
. Ing- house: located on water front; doing a
paying WislneM all the time and a rushing
trade with atom; too much business for
one man; investigate at once: a fine business
opening. WILKE & CO., 843 Market st.
•$5O0 — GERMAN boarding-house, with saloon; 9
furnished rooms: rent $20; surrounded by iron !
foundries:- a nrst-class opening • and rare
chance. WILKE, 545 Market st. j
$;00— RESTAURANT and chophouse: doing a
t'rst-class paying business; close •to Market 1
and 2d sts.; low rent; investigate; owner
must leave at once and no reasonable offer I
refused. Call on R. G. WILKE. 84a Market.
A— KREDO & CO 22,* Geary st
Miscellaneous Business.
$1000— Me interest perfumes and extracts; e«t.
$U-X>— Steam laundry; $1000 monthly.
$3F.oo— Drug store; exchange for realty.
$1000— Candy mfy. and Ice cream parlors.
•s2ooo— Bakery : $800 bakery and $400 bakery.
Many groceries, saloons and restaurants.
A CORNER grocery, bar and living rooms; nice I
clean stock; $12 daily; must •be sold this !
week: make offer. KREDO & CO. |
$100— BRANCH bakery and notions; living
rooms; $5 dally; a snap. KREDO & CO.,
224 Geary st.
$400— PARTNER wanted In the manufacturing j
of staple goods; steady man required. MC- j
LAUGHLIN & CO., n Kearny st. !
$3000— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth price; selling on, account,
of departure. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
$250— CORNER saloon; bargain; this day. Me- :
LAUQBLJN & CO.. 23 Kearny st. J
$600 — Grocery and bar; principal street; full
value in stock: 2 blocks of City Hall; a bar- I
gain. McLAUQHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
• Av-$300; MEAT market: receipts $45 day: cheap i
rent. ROGERS ft HYDE. 120« Market st.
A— FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market: $250; !
$150 cash. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. \
A— GOOD paying comer grocery and bar. ROG-
ERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
NEAT corner bakery and notion store; 4 sunny
rooms; furnished; rent $15; large stock; good I
business: price $150. RAND & CO., 917 Market.
PARTNER wanted; corner cigar store;
receipts, $18 to $20 per day and clearing $75
per month each; trial given: must have help, j
Apply RAND ft CO.. 917 Market st. j
$600— WILL secure partnership In business In '
live town near city doing $650 monthly; no ■
opposition: must be a man of strict Integrity
and a baker; refs. given and required; fullest j
investigation courted, t-.'lty Agency, KG Mkt.
FRUIT and produce stand; $65 a month
guaranteed over expenses; a genuine bargain.
City Agency, BCO Market st. i
$250— SALOON— I furnished rooms, billiards, ■ j
dining room, kitchen, rent $15 a month. BA- '
BILE, S73H Market st. - ' j
$350— PARTNKR wanted; lifcht business; suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $20 to $39 I
a wpek: no experience required; trial given. '
Apply from 3 to 5 p. m. at 7244 Market, r. 17. j
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERG
• & CO., 264 Kearny St.
WANTED— A mechanical engineer In partner-!
ship for the completion of an epoch-making ;
invention to produce power. Address Engineer,
box 130, Call office. . : *|
FOR Pale— 4-chalr barber shop on Market st. on
account of sickness. Apply 102 Seventh St.,
near Mission.
FOR SALE— An old established furniture "store.
919 Folsom it.
OYSTER and lunch place for rent; Particulars
cigar stand, 33 Third st.
CHEAP— Grocer}' and bar; must be sold this
week. Inquire at Chicago Brewery.
WANTED— Man with $250 to work gravel mine;
. Nevada County. 1145% Mission st.
$1200— RESTAURANT and lodging house of 10 j
rooms doing good business; for sale on ac-
count of age. Address Box 208, Call Office.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; on retirement
from business; 2 wagons; reasonable rent and
long lease. Apply Call office. j
GROCER*, saloon; four-room furniture for
sale; fine corner; no "nposltion. Address G.
E.. box 263. Call office.
TO be sold at once; an old established barber
' shop; cause, til health. 219 Broadway.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sale
■ cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento, nr. Kearny. \
BEST-PAYING restaurant In Oakland; promi-
nently located, corner 2 principal streets; no j
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed i
for $650; reason for selling, owner compelled |
to go to Europe; trial given before buying.
Address Owner. Call office. Oakland. '
$100— CANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms;
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. 528
Third st.
BARBER shop, 1 chair; also building 12x16.
$130; great bargain: good business; at Shasta
Springs. Address H. B. BASHAM. Dunsmulr, i
. Cal. , _^
FOR sale — On account of departure, small laun-
dry; the best thing for married. couple; cheap
rent. Inquire at 236 Ellis St. '•'-■• ■ ■
RESTAURANT for sale; one of the best loca- j
tions in the city; south of Market St.; on ac- j
■ count of sickness. Inquire at 258 Minna st.
FOR SALE— A fine restaurant in good location ;
and doing a good business. Inquire at 216
E. Main St.. Stockton. _^^ |
$1100— CORNER grocery and saloon for sale, i
Box 431, Call office. '_ .
FOR — Cigar store. Corner Sixteenth and i
Mission sts. ■ ,
FOR sale— Fine saloon; cheap. 422 Kearny st.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena; .
German preferred; rent $10 month. Addresi
| ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena. • i
HALF or whole interest In good paying butcher
- ■bop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. P.. box 3. Call office, Oakland.
FOR Rale— Call route at San Jose. For par- '
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes ■ supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' S, 415 Sacramento st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly !
Call. Sent to any address In the .United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage ,
paid. ■ - - ■ - 1
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— lo* RCKjiisT^eaT'B7w^inr7!TTrr!T!TTr!Ts6So
IB rooms; new and good 650
82 rooms; sunny corner; running water..' 1600 !
14 rooms; transient 450
21 rooms; select; transient c0rner....!.!.! 1600
22 room*; fine sunny corner . 1400
11 rooms; fine for transients; part 'cash'.!! 1050 •
CO rooms; transient; best in city; cheap
12 rooms; rent $80; come quick 1500'
■ 14 rooms; rood transient house: O'Farrell 1200
46 rooms; Market st. ; clears $200- chean lfiOO
- ROGERS & HYDE. "1206 Market st. few
Roger*, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
KREDO 4 CO. 22% Geary „ j
Money to loan at low Interest ....
60 rooms; apartment house . , '2".b0
- 38 rooms; rent $90; doctor pays $50 !!!!!! 900
17 rooms; Jones St.; all full; a snap. 700
12 rooms; Ellis St.; Clears $40 !!..' 500
10 roomi; best little house; O'Farrell st ! 550
9 rooms; Leavenworth St.; cheap rent.. 275
Also 50 and 63 rooms to exchange for Oak-
. land or city realty.. KKEUO _ CO.
I ROOMS, rent $40; near Hlbernia Bank. '.;.
21 rooms near Orpheum: rent $100. .. .
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market St.;
FOR SALE— Completely furnished 22 rooms .
with cheap rent. 13 and 15% Powell st. ■ Apply :
' to. GREEN BROS., owners, on premises.
~~™~ FURNITURE WANTED. •'*
' H. BAUM . buys , furniture and general mer- i
chandise. 1057 Market st.; tel. Jessie 32.
■^ '*.: .-•? PERSONALS.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are public
favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms, $10 monthly, in advance, for 2
lessons weekly, only for those ; who start In
before the beginning of the season— l. c.,
August 10." 1236 Market st. '
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
[ STUDY to make halrdresslng an art: my art-
ists carry out my Ideas: hatrdresslng, 25c;
hair restored to natural color, $1 60 up; good
•switches, $1; finest. $3 50: extra. $5; open Sun-
day /9to__G_LE__R_____oc_____
3UINONIA Hair Tonic: refreshing preparation:
removes dandruff. G. LEDERER.IU Stockton.
LITHO engraving battleship Maine, framed
and unframeil; framing with glass 7x9 Inches,
lOo; Bxlo and K'.\l2. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16. 20c:
14x17. 2. 'C: 16x20. 30c: ISx22. 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x
25. 60c; curtain poles complete. 15c: rm. mold-
Ing.all colors, ft:open eve. Jones. s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
Xc to $1 50 per night; $1 80 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
? HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
'Market: halrdressing, popular, prices. -
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
;an FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
VIME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 14-15.
clairvoyants.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
PROF. OMAR— OCCULT WONDER.
825— EDDY 5T.— 325
Gives full name of every caller.
Name of your sweetheart or husband.
Invaluable advice on anything you may be
•in trouble or in doubt of. Locates, mines,
burled treasure, etc.
k NO EQUAL.
Never fails to unite the separated.
Causes speedy arid happy marriages.
GUARANTEES SUCCESS
IN ALL CASES
Of love, business, marriage, divorce, law-
suits, etc.
A SECRET YOU SHOULD KNOW.
The power to control, fascinate or influence
those you love or meet.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
Private residence. Separate parlors. All busi-
ness sacredly confidential. Maid In attend-
ance.
Cut this out. It will not appear again.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and. treat with revealed reme-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity;
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1104 Market st.
(Vcndome building)— medium; unites
the separated; changes luck: locates buried
. treasures: letters answered: Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
Fight: diagnose disease, full life reading; la.
60c, gents $1 : palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. LENEMAR; fortune by planets; predict-
ed In '74 overdue stmr., people on island. 23V4
Sixth st., room 6.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles. 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fe?»lon: never falls: advice: help 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT 111 Larkin St., S p. m.. speaking, Mr. Simp-
son; tests. Mrs. R. Cowels of Oakland; free.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie materializing
seance; 12 o'clock; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. FULTON "1 LET, Oriental seanca to-
night, 50c. - 1513 Geary st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Haight Ft.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. • 232 Stockton st.
MRS. , ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings, $1; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m.; Sat. 8: 25c.
MRS. . SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. HiM Sixth ft.
palmistry:
MRS. CHANDLER— Sunday eve. 805
Larkln: readings daily nt res.. 353 'Geary st.
. MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
earn? -as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY _ CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ...
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, / organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices low-
. est; everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. •'•;,."
A— MARSHALL _ WENDELL $75. Gabler $95,
Sterling $195. Estey $190, Sterling walnut $195;
easy payments. Checkering agents. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Fairell st. ' "
WE Invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st.;
corner Grant aye., ■ Conover agents.
SOHMER _ CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brigss and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
AN elegant high-grade upright, good as new;
make offer. Room 12. Flood building.
$5 INSTALLMENTS; Emerson piano, $80; cost
$400. 221 Leavenworth st. i
ELEGANT new pianos for rent, $2 60 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st. '
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $76 up;
rents. $2 up HEINE. 136 Ellis st
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbemla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell Bt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
, ' FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
$197 50— NEW upright piano; splendid tone,
handsome case, mandolin attachment; $10
down, $5 per month. 225 Sutter st.
115— DONKEY for sale. Apply at 101 Spruce st.
DELICACY store; best location; death of owner
makes sale Imperative. 34 S. Pablo aye., Oak.
FOR SALE— Restaurant furniture. tables,
counters, etc. ; apply early. ■18 East st.
TEN shares Building and ' Loan Association
Stock, 87 • months old, book value $125 40 per
share; make cash offer. Address box 298, Call.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, ; coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
M 1 on St.. above Sixth. - ■■
A FINE thing for a present;  full line of
graphophones. $10 each and upward. PIERCE
; & CO., 313 Emporium building. , ■.
SECOND-HAND lumber; 2xlo, 2xB, 2xB, 2x3.
■ Buchanan St., near Jackson. *' -■.- • ■-'.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-946 Market.
FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass
pump, pipes, etc. . 711 Treat : aye. -
BOILER, .42x14, with . steam drum, complete;
■ will test to 175 pounds. WHITE, 616 Mission.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
SCALE,, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter Dress,
cheap, at 621 Mission St. . . ... v,
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; teL So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. * Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand: all
sizes; half original cost. : 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS, showcases, "> counters, shelving, . etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission st., nr. Seventh.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 716 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for j
doctor or dressmaker; workroom 25x35; choice !
for business and residence combined.
BAT-WINDOW house, 4 rooms and baeement;
210W Perry St.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st. j
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Call- 1
fornla and Lake sts.; prices will surprise ,
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st. j
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and j
planked basement. |
GOLDEN GATE aye.. nr. Webster— lo r. and i
b. ; modern Improvements; $50. j
HOUSE— Six rooms and bath: rent $14; water j
free. 323 Castro between Market and Six- 1
teenth sts.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence, 8 rooms
and bath; latest Improvements; $35.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$15— 7-ROOM house and bath; furnished or un-
furnished. 137 Julian aye., off Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
$26— 3-STORY house; 7 rooms and bath; partly
rented. 113 Olive aye.. near Polk st.
$25— HOUSE 7 rooms, bath; cellar, yard. 483
Halght st.
$25— HOCSJE of 10 rooms, bath; garden; base-
ment: sunny belt. 109 Cumberland St.. be- I
tween 19th and 20th. Guerrero and Dolores.
$60— ELEGANT corner house: 10 rooms, bath !
and basement; hot-air heaters throughout.
425 Baker st.. cor. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A GENTLEMAN having a nine-room furnished I
house near city desires a tenant who would
board him in exchange for rent. Address
box 2SO, Call office.
HANDSOME furnished residence, modern sun-
ny, drainage location, 8 rooms, etc.: rent, $75;
one year lease. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEWLY renovated cottages, S rooms, bath:
basement; yard; cheap. 1576 15th, nr. Dolores. :
TWO cottages, 4 and 6 rooms, 153-155 Brta WL,
near Folsom, between Thirteenth and F. ur- |
teenth; rent to suit times. Apply on prein.-- »«. ,
FLATS TO LET.
A^HOWARD, 1720. NW. cor. Erie," nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25, water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
AN elegant flat 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625 Post
street.
AT 1703 Scott. NW. cor. Sutter— « big rooms;
choice; sunny; $25; water free; appreciated if
seen: key at corner, 2300 Sutter st.
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every conve-
nience; $30. 1505 Geary St.
ELEGANT new modern corner upper flat ma-
rine view, 7 rooms; rent $35. 143S Jackson st.
FULTON, US — Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms j
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
FLAT of 3 rooms. 254 Harriet St., between
Harrison and Bryant, Sixth and Seventh.
FLAT— S sunny rooms and basement. 229 Olive
aye.
FOLSOM, 930, bet. sth and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
GEARY, 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar, i
yard; furnished hall; gas; $18; water free.
HOWARD. M— Brick bids; I r. and b. ; $25? i
ASHTON _ GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st. '
LEAVENWT>RTH. 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; mod- I
em improvements; rent ?lfi.
MCALLISTER. 1723. nr. Broderlck— B r. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery st. j
NEW sunny flat.". 6 and 7 rooms; latest im-
provements. 114t4 Golden Gate aye., near
Webster st. i
PAGE. 472, near Webster— Handsome fiat 7
rooms: latest Improvements; rent reasonable; 1
references required.
PAGE, 484— 3 sunny rooms, bath; furnished or
unfurnished; rerft low; Inquire 9 to 12.
SIXTH, o3GA— Upper flat 5 rooms; bath; large
yard:' rent $13; water free.
STORE and 4 rooms; also flats, 4 rooms and \
bath: rent $12 and $13. 1463, 1465, 1467 and
1475 Fifteenth st. '
SUNNY bay-window 3 rooms, bath, basement. !
19 Hampton pi. off Folsom St., bet. 2d and 3d.
SUPERIOR down-town flats, 7 and 9 rooms;
strictly modern; sun In every room: large
closets; natural wood finish. Sl3 and 817 Hyrte.
SUTTER. 16138. nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. ; J;m.
ASiIToN x GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Valencia. Iffii" nr. 16th-~« r. sad b.; cent fM. '
ASHTON - GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. :
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag- ;
pole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont- |
gomery st.
■ 1
$15 — 2 NEW upper modern sunny flats. 5 rooms i
and bath. 2668 Twenty-second St., nr Bryant.
2 SUNNY flats 4 rooms: rent $11 and $9. 6 A and
23 T'earborn st., off 17th. above Valencia,
6-ROOM flat to let: furniture for sale; modern;
low rent. Box 453, Call office. j
$14— SUNNY flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., I
between Third and Fourth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds: 1 in i
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st.. between First and Second sts.
BUCHANAN. 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay-
windows and kitchens; other rooms, $6 to $9. ;
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; second floor; gag range.
EIGHTH. 10 1 -— Bedroom and kitchen for house- j
keeping; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM. 306 — A large sunny front room un-
furnished for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1200— Sunny furnished
basement; complete for housekeeping; private. '
GOLDEN GATE. Uo(— Runny bay-window;
housekeeping; single front.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness— Elegant sunny
2 and 3 room suites, with gas range.
HARRISON. 731 — 4 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $15.
HOWARD, 732—3 large sunny basement rooms
furnished for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 1138)4— Sunny front suite; water; I
stoves; bath; $10 and $11 50 per month.
HOUSEKEEPING double parlors, kitchen, I
bath, gas; new house. " Oak st.
JEPSIE, .V.S — 1 or 2 front rooms and kitchen for
housekeeping ; separate entrance; private.
JESSIE. 333— Large sunny furnished house-
keeping room, $8; or 2 rooms, $13.
LAFAYETTE. 31. between Eleventh and
Twelfth — 4 housekeeping rooms; rent $12.
MINNA, 546— T0 let, furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MISSION, Ml, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping; also
single rooma for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1219 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, complete.
NINTH, 20— Front bay window suite; gas, run-
ning water, oil or gas stove; $15.
OAK. 119 — 1 small front room, furnished for
light housekeeping for 2, $6.
OAK, 515—2 large sunny unfurnished front;
running water; gas; bath; upper flat; cheap.
PINE. 704^ — Sunny front suite furnished; stove,
folding bed: water; $12 50; front room $9.
POLK, 605— Large sunny neat alcove room and
kitchen; large closets at back; gas bath.
POWELL. 944— Rooms for housekeeping; also
single rooms for gentlemen.
SEVENTH, 178—2 rooms nicely furnished for
housekeeping; sun all day.
SIXTH. 314— Front baywtndow suite with
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; $13.
BCuTH PARK, 184—2 large sunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
BUTTER, 1148— Front suite; also t or 3 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; gas and
bath.
TURK. 643— Large front room: stove; complete
for housekeeping' -an and bath: $10.
TWHNTY-KIHST, 3331. noar Valencia— Sunny
furnished room for housekpg; nice location.
OAKLAND~HOUSEK_EPING ROOMS.
LOWER floor: 3 clean sunny rooms; separate
entrance: nice grounds; central. 615 IRth Bt.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 62 Becond— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, sl to $2 50; day, 25 to 50c.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable:
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-claxs
In every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, 8»% and 'Mason
407— Choice; sunny; reasonable; Investigate.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
AT 41« O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite: $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gaa; very reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— blocks, from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
CLIFFORD, 204, Ellis cor. Mason— suits
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S. $10 mo.
EDDY. Pleasant front suite: 2 beds; other
clean, sunny rooms; $6 up; quiet. ■
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $8 wee*.
FIFTH, Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
' to let. ' -■-•
FOLSOM. S2O. near Fourth— week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 622— Lovely sunny bay-window room;
■ hot and cold water; also nice single room.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 336— Nicely furnished
front sunny rooms en. suite or single.
GEARY, 406 (The Navarre)— furnished
rooms; suites or si ogle. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor. Howard and 7th— Nico
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND' SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. ___
HANCOCK House. : 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, Furnished rooms; $4 . per
month; also housekeeping.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites: running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reaanble.
JACKSON, 1501 A —A large bay-window, sunny
furnished room fronting on Larkin and Jack-
son^ a splendid view of bay; gas and bath.
JONES, 207-V»'icely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
MCALLISTER.' 220%— Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week.
MISSION, 1430— One large sunny furnished bay-
window room; also single room; rent reason-
ably 2
NICELY furnished rooms; family or single,
with board or without; nice view of the ocean
and Golden Gate. Apply to R. MENGES,
Ocean Terrace. Sutro Heights.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, .week or month.
SACRAMENTO, 1365—3 rooms; yard, sun;
rent $7. • .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR Terrace, 2, bet. Union and Filbert—
3 nice sunny rooms; low rent.
TENTH, 319 A— Nice sunny front room fur-
nished: *1 per week; private family.
TURK, Large front sunny room for an
office: also housekeeping.
TURK. Nicely furnished room suitable for
gentleman; $5 per month; private and quiet.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private bearding, with '■
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location. . I
HYDE, HCs(Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath, gns, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
NICE sunny furnished rooms, suitable for two.
with board, $20 month, In respectable family. ,
618 Fillmore st. '
PINE, 910 — Sunny rooms; home cooking; baths
and running water; fine location; terms very
reasonable.
THE ORIEL— elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— family board-
Ing house; first-class all appointments; hot
water every room: home cooking; terms mod.
THE Blngham, 807 California— rooms,
with good board: reasonable; home cooking. *
VALENCIA, 1070— The Irving will.be opened
the Ist of August as a first-class family
boarding-house, with bright, sunny rooms;
furnished or unfurnished: with large grounds;
In warm belt of Mission; reasonable terms.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
FRENCH lady, boards children or Infant:
mother's care: nice home. 1107 Clay st.
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall square, Large light store; $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
$11 — STORE, fixtures. 3 sunny living rooms;
kitchen adjoining. 1008 Natoma St., near 11th.
.TURK. 422, near Larkln— Store; $18. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1154— Store; 4 rooms;
suitable for a barber shop. ■ > :
SIXTH, Store: 3 rooms; large yard; rear
entrance; rent $11.
STORE, fixtures, showcase; suitable for candy
and bakery: 4 living rooms in rear; rent rea-
sonable. 2S4S Folsom st.
OFFICES to LET. ~~~
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant office* for rent.
LOST.
July 21st, In hall way on Eddy St., embroid-
ered velvet cape and lady's wrapper; reward.
478 Jessie st.
SILVER charm, stone set, green and red: re-
turn A. 8., Hackmier Hotel, Ea^y st. $1 re-
ward. ?'...
LOST, Tuesday, pair of gold-mounted spec-
tacles. . Finder can leave at 532 Geary st. and
receive suitable reward. ,
LOST in channel 13-foot lapstreak yawl,
painted 'white with red bottom: $10 re-
ward. E. N. HUNTER. 715 Call building.
$5 REWARD— Lady's purse. Post st. or Fill-
more and Mission cars, containing $15 gold,
$R or $6 silver; old halfpenny. Return to
173S Sanchez st. ; . .
$15 REWARD and no questions asked for the
return of lady's open-faced gold watch; Ini-
tials "C. B. : small chain attached; lost
July 23; valued as a present. Return to 635
Pout st. . , '• -
LOST— A bluish skye terrier; ears not cut;
name Glp. Will pay a liberal reward lor Its
delivery at DR. ZEILE'S. 526 Pacific st.
FOUND.
FOUND— Mastiff dog. Apply 3050 Twenty-
. fourth st. ■ ' ■ .
— — DENTISTS. — — ~—
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. * GEORGE ■W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or tee\
without plate.removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 26c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. near
Eleventh st. .■ Crowns, bridge work and filling
a specialty; gas given. >
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without a . plate. DR. H. C.
■ YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works-Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,.
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
Boating Works, 353-67 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson st.; tel.- South 223; lowest rates. '
ADVANCE Carpet-Clean In. if Co.; 402 Sutter st.
tel. Main 334. OEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st. ;, cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74. ;
CONK LIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; teL-East 126...-.-:.. . . ..
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.'
Subscriptions and ads taken.
, . ATTORNEYS AT LAW. :
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without- success; collections. G. W.
HOWE.' atty-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
■ . W. W. • DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. ■ ! .
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
 free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
-:'\, ket: consultation ; free; -no fees In ■ advance. V;
ADVICE free *on ' all - legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.; J room 64. .. , >
:.-, ; v.-j --?■ BICYCLES. - :;:i;y.:.;
BIG sacrifice- -In second-hand • r; bicycles, first
< . come, first served. JOSEPH HOLLE. Twen-
tieth and Folsom ata. » ' '- - ".'' } .
CITY REAL ESTATE.
TWO well-paying houses on leased ground for
__»ale reasonable; fine location. 1335 Market.
FOR SALE— Twenty-first st., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage; open Sunday from 1 to 4 p. m.
J. FLAHERTY, builder. 1207 Market, nr. Sth.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage
complete; will call. SALSBURY, Builder.
521 X st. Sunset District.
PLANS, specifications, etc., submitted for any
kind of building. W. W. KfcDNALL, builder.
1326 Hayes.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD Income home in Novato, 12 acres,
water; cheap. WM. BAUER, Novato, Ma-
rl n Co.
HOMESTEAD CLAIM, 160 acres, choice: must
sell; $75. Sixth floor, Room 11 Mill's Bldg.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
BRING along what you have to exchange for
the following properties; all good and free
from lncumbrance; will assume mortgage:
410 acres in Fresno County
100 acres In Kern County
120 acres in San Diego County
SO acres In Oregon
160 acres In Kansas
40 acres 12 miles from L«s Angeles
32 city lots in Olympia City, Or
Call or address 455 Seventh st.. Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco property: will assume mort-
gage. ROGKRS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANiTon furniture or pianos In 3. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rat is. without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. abova
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
| ADVANCES on furniture* or pianos, without
! removal; money quick: confidential; no com-
mission; lowest interest. Room 6S, 1170 Mar-
ket st.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private part--. BONNELLI, 130 Powell Et.
ANY amount at B'' per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Monts-oniory rm. 3.
SECOND mortgages & undivided Interests In
•estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;
no commission: private. 116 McAllister St.
ISC TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
viving, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1602 ; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use. taught by Mrs. Klncald at her
School of Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, 150; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin st. ; co-educational boarding and day
school: complete English. French, German I
and Spanish education, art. $30.
UNIVERSITY coast— Newell Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley: wrltefor circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ;dayfteve. ;
e*t. 18C4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
DON'T waste time on forms; practical lessons
In bookkeeping and arithmetic. Address box
441. Call office.
PIANO, organ, violin, guitar, mandolin; 50c
per lesson; at pupil's home; reference. Box
448. Call.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Leipsic. 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKEEPINQ. rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: referencesi
private li>«ons: terms $11. 712 Van Ness aye.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only ->r. and Mrs. M. Davle»,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
po years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; dellc.qcv. privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRP. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.: pills. $1: very strong, $2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safo and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home In confine-
ment: every cap? l guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; tnken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital. N. V. ;
offices. Haekmeier Hotel, 123 Eddy St.; hours
9 to 11. 2 to 5 and 6 to 8: consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients assured first-class medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced lady attendnnts: strictest confi-
dence maintained all cases; consultation free.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used: restores In one day -without fail:
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation fr<»e; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1; cure, $5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $0; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free: confidential.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
$1 50; RICHARDS *• CO., 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Peguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and fittendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'R French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr,
2514 Fulton st.; McAllister car passes house.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: home In confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market st., diseases of women
and children.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— Handsome standard bred bay
mare, black points; 16 hands 1 inch high;
age 5 years: weight 1090 lbs.; sound and gen-
tle; sired by Election, by Electioneer, dam by
Wormwood, by Nutwood, <SOO, grand dam by
Jno. Nelson; well broken; trial given; price
$150; also gent's double seat road cart; good
as new; Frazier's special make; price $su.
Inquire 347 Fremont St., in rear.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DC . LE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2O head horses: must be sold. Ap-
ply Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57-61 Minna
st., between First and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— Horse and wngon In good shape;
suitable for peddling. 446 Sixth st.
FINE laundry, baker's and mtlk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison »t.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
NEW Hammond, $35; Callgraph, $15; Yoe* $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
ALL typewriters sold and rented: few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER&CO., 110 Montgomery.
TO LEASE.
THE old building of the Y. M. C. A.. 232
Sutter st.; long lease; very low terms" can
be rented a» a whole or in divisions; large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association, 1151 Twenty-
third aye., East Oakland, Cal.
Lots from $150 up.
Houses. 5 to 8 rooms, from 11000 to 14000.
Call and see our list.,
$800— LOT SO feet front, west side Grand St.;
$1250, lot Alameda aye. and Paru St.; $1200,
new 5-room cottage on Grand St.; $3000, new
7-room house, west tide Lafayette St.. near
San Antonio aye.; $1000, 10 acres, right at
Fruitvale; also chicken ranch; bargains in
all parts of Alameda. ALAMEDA LAND CO.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
WILL be sold; new modern 7-room house;
large lot: everything up to date: will rent
to pay 12 per cent on Investment; opposite
school In Elmhurst. Write or call on T. B.
DRAPER, owner. In house.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
ruhlio: property looked after 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; lar*« lawn;
tennis court; conservatory: ent cheap; cen-
tral: 559 24th st.. hr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact... 1832 . Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline st., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATK.
ALAMEDA— Fine home for sale or exchange
for San Francisco property, or would lease to
good tenant for 1 or 2 yearn; rent $50; house 9
rooms, attic, basement, - gas and electric I
lights throughout; large grounds. See owner I
at 1439 Morton st., Alameda,
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; i rooms and
bath: any terms.
$1500— Lot 25x150; nice house; 6 rooms and
bath: any terms.
$2200— Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story: 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2800— Lot 42x150; elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000 — Lot 42x150; fine NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; elegant corner lot, with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. .-'
Houses to let. 1432 Park St., Alameda.
FOR sale Immediately, - cheap, house and lot
: 35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Qrand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific aye.. Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda. . '
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED modern house,. 7 rooms and re-
ception hall: right party cheap; owner going
East. 137S Weber st., Alameda.
; — — -— — — — — »— — — — — — — - - .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, «-room - house, lot 60x
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station; also
6-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Andrew O. Sorensen and Alice D. Kern.... 35-37
Charles Margraff and Madelina S. Martin.. 49-46
Samuel Wilson and Theresa A. Her11n...... 33-24
Richard H. Battersby and Mary J. Spence. 33-28
John T. Butler and Emma Elliott 25-24
Paul Egry and Emily H. Boulon 27-23
Isadore Goldstein and Theresa Isaacs 25-21
I John R. Mclsaac and Edith E. Maunder.. 26-21
! Joseph Brown and Mary. A. Jones ;..... 40-28
Harry R. Oliver and Grace M. Trask 26-21
Leopoldo Ramirez and Toano Castro 26-18
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
JEFFRESS— In this city, July 24, 1898, to the
wife of E. T. Jeffress, a son.
NELSEN— JuIy 19, 1898, to the wife of J. P.
Nelsen, a son. •
QUILLINAN— In this city, July 25, 1898. to the
wife of Michael S. Quilllnan, a daughter.
YOUNG— JuIy 23, IS9B, to the wife of C. H. .
Young, a son.
m ~ mmm *— **"~" ~" l— — — — ■ — —^— — — — —
DIED.
Armlngton, Lorenzo Langley. Annie
Campbell. Norman E. Larkin, Thomas O.
. Cuneo, Jennie .r Levy, Rachel. '
Dettelbach Henrietta McCabe. James
Dott, Mrs. Annie McGlynn, Hugh
Follett, George A. McLean, Elizabeth
. Furner, Lulu G. Macgregor. David
Greene, William - Neary. Margaret
. Griffin. Patrick , O'Leary, Fergus
Hansen, . Capt. H. N. Paulsen. Henry
. Hay, Mary I. - Peterson. Arthur E. -
Heathcote, Basil Powers, Mrs. John ;
Hlpps, David C. Rode, Ella D.
■ Holland. Leo Ryrie. Wllllamina
Jones, George F. Seligman, Moses
Keenan. Bernard R. Sinclair, May L.
Kentzell. Mrs. J. E. Stroble, Henry C. T.
Kllngler, Marie L. Ulman, Adele
Kloss. Mary Young. Simon
Lancel. Elle B. .; ■';
ARMINGTON— In this city, July 26, IS9B, Lor-
enzo E., beloved husband of Jennie M. Arm-
ington, a native of Vermont. •
CAMPBELL— In Oakland, July 25, IS9S, Nor-
man E., beloved husband of Matilda Camp-
bell, and father of Minnie," Charlotte. Tlllie.
■ Norman E. and Katie Campbell, a native of
Glengarry, Canada, aged 61 years 3 months
and 14 days. ....
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 732 Linden street.
CUNEO— In this city/July 25, IS9B, Jennie, be-
loved daughter of the late Stephen and Mar-
garet Cuneo, and sister -of Frank Cuneo and
Mrs. Dollie Cerialle, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 17 years 9 months and 15 days.
(n^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 625 Bay street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DETTELBACH-In this city, July 26, IS9B,
Henrietta, beloved wife of Morris Dettel-
bach. a native of Germany, aged 73 years and
' 8 months. :
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
. at the parlors of H. C. Bunker A Co.. 2666
Mission street, near Twenty-third."
DOTT— In Sausallto, July 24, 1898, Mrs. Annie
Dott, mother of Mrs. -John Livingston and
George, William and Harry Dott, a native of
Scotland. . . • .'■_"■ -.;.*,,
ICT'Frlends are respectfully; Invited to at-
; tend the funeral services this day ■ (Wednes- :
day), at 11:30 o'clock, at the residence of Mrs.
W. W. Sanderson, 2015 Broadway. Interment
private. . . .
FOLLETT— In Mlssoula, Mont.. July 21. 1898.
George A., beloved son of Mrs. P. A. Follett.
and brother of Edwin E. ; Follett, a native of
Colorado, aged 19 years . 5 months and 21
days. - ■ . ■
Its' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
1 fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the private
1 parlors of the California Undertaking. Com-
pany, corner of Geary and • Stockton streets.
■ Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from . Third and . Townsend
streets. • '
FURNER— this city,' July 26, IS9B. Lulu G^.
dearly beloved . and . only daughter, of W. C.
and Lena - Furner, and sister of John P.
, Furner, a native of , San Francisco, aged
5 months. . . : • ■• ; .
GREENE— In Seattle, July 25. 1898. William
Greene, brother of John Greene of San Fran-.
1 cisco. -
i GRIFFIN— this city, July 26. 1898, Patrick,
beloved • brother of Timothy . and • the late
Mary Griffin, a native of . County Rbscom-
mon. Ireland, aged 69 : years. ' .. =.-.,
E7The funeral will take place this day
L (Wednesday), at 8:16 o'clock, from the par-
. , lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Bridget's Church, where
..- a ■ requiem : high mass will be celebrated for
the repose .of his soul, commencing at 9
• o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city, July 25. IS9B, Captain
- Henning beloved husband- of Anna A.
' Hansen, and father of Annie B. Hansen and
Mrs. ; Cecelia Heinz, a • native of . Denmark,"-
aged 69 years and 25. days. .
■ ETFrlends and acquaintances'' are respect-
: fully invited to attend ; the funeral this day'
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from. the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metal er, 636 Washington
street. Interment Laurel Hill ..Cemetery.
HAY— this city, July 24, 1898, ' Mary I. Hay,
beloved mother of Mrs. Ella Hutchison.
Mrs. Nannie Jones; and Mr.- A. T. Hay, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged 59 years and 1
month. -(Los Angeles papers please copy.) =.
Friends and acquaintances are . respect-
1 fully Invited to 'attend ' the - funeral • this day
■ (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from, her late resi-
1 dence. ? 414 . Hayes " street. , Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . .'
HE ATHCOTE— JuIy 28, > 1898, Basil Heathcote, ,
a native of Wiltshire, England, aged 40 years.
HIPPS— In this' - city, July 25, * 189$, David C,
beloved husband of Julia Hlpps, 1 and brother-
in-law of John Riley, a native of Lancaster
County, ■ Pennsylvania, aged 62 years.
tC7"Fflends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his. late
residence, 73 Chesley street, between Harri- ;
- son and - Bryant, thence to St. Joseph's
' Church, where a reqnlem high mass will be
celebrated - for the repose of his soul, com-
•' mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
', vary. Cemetery.
HOLLAND— In this city, July 26, IS9B, Leo,
beloved and youngest son of the late James
and Catherine Holland, and beloved brother
of Thomas and Charles Holland and Mrs.
Zada Thompson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years. ..-..- ■ . •
JONES— In this city, July 26. 1898. George F..
dearly beloved son of the late Thomas and
Mary Jones, brother of Mrs. G. Darius and
Katherlne, Llllie and the late Joseph Jones,
and nephew of Mrs. A. McCormick. a native
.of San Francisco, aged 29 years 8 months
and 2 days.
,|C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), .at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near .
Eighth.
KEENAN— this city, July 26. 1898, Bernard
R., beloved husband of Mary Keenan, and •
father of Ala, Joseph B. and Thomas R. Kee-
nan, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1210 Clay street,., thence to , St.
Mary's Church (Paulists'), where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
KENTZELL— Officers and members of Y. L. I.
No. 7.— Sisters: You are earnestly requested
to attend the mass which Is to be celebrated
for the repose of the soul of our late past
president, Mrs. J. E. Kentzell, at St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, to-morrow. (Thurs-
day), commencing at 7 o'clock.
MARY STEIN. Pres. Y. L. I. No. 7.
MRS. W. E. BOWES. Rec. Sec. Y. L. I.
No. 7.
KLINGLER— In Ocean View, July 26, 1898,
Marie Louisa, dearly beloved and only daugh-
tre of Fred and Louisa Klingler, and sister
of Freddie. Charlie and Joseph Klingler, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 months and
' 29 days.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday)," at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence, of her parents. Ocean View. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KLOSS— In this city. July ' 25. 1898, Mary,
• dearly beloved • wife of- John Kloss. mother
of Viola and Esther Kloss. and sister of
Anna, Bertha, Martha and Henry Betereit. a
native of Germany, aged 25 years 11 months
and 5 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
Invited to attend the funeral • this . day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
■ Eighth. J Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LANCEL— In Prescott, Ariz. .T., July 23. 1898,
Elle 8., beloved husband of Zanella Elliot
Lancel, and son of Melanle H. and the late
Anselme Lancel, a native of California, aged
24 years 5 months and 6 days.
LANGLEY— In this city, July 24, IS9S, Annie,
.wife of Joseph Langley, a native of Hawaii,
aged 20 years.'
(C?"Frienda are respectfully Invited 'to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray
& Co., 641 Sacramento street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LARKIN— In this city. July 24, 1898. Thomas
Oliver, eldest son of the late Thomas O. Lar-
kln, and brother of Alfred Otis Larkln. a na-
tive of Monterey. Cal., . aged 64 years 3
months and 11 days.
■ • (C?"Friendi< and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday),' at 2:30 o'clock, from Trinity
- Church, corner of .Bush and Gough streets.
Interment private, in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
' Please omit flower?. Remains at the private
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany, corner of Geary and Stockton streets.
LEVY— In Williams, Colusa County. July ■ 26.
IS9S, Rachel, beloved wife of Dave Levy, and
daughter of Mrs. L. Levin, a native of Ger-
. many, aged 37 years.
! McCABE— In this city. July 26. IS9S, at his resi-
dence. 101314 Folsom street, James, beloved
son of Mary ami the late Miohael McCabe,
and brother of Susie and Minnie McCabe. a
native of San . Francisco, aged 25 years 6
months and 9 days.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McGLYNN— In Beresford, San Mateo County,
Cal., July 25, IS9S, Hugh McGlynn (late of
Rossland, ■B. C), beloved husband of Rose
McGlynn, and brother of Cassle McGlynn, a
native of Ireland, aired 31 years.
• (TTFrlends are respectfully invited to' at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday),- at 10
o'clock, from the residence of Philip Cos-
T grove, Beresford, thence to St. Matthew's
Church, San Mateo. where a solemn requiem
" mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, on arrival of train at
. 12:45 o'clock.
McLEAN— In Alameda. July 23. IS9S, Elizabeth
Margaret, beloved daughter of John T. and
the late Mary E. McLean, and sister of
Sterling and Mary H. McLean, a native of
. San Francisco. .
MACGREGOR— In this city. July 24, IS3B, Da-
vid Macgregor, a native of .Sterling, Scot-
■ ' land, aged 5S years.
NEARY— In this city, July 26,: lSjtS, Margaret.
• relict of the late Dermott J. Neary, beloved
mother of Mrs. Stephen Reardon. and sister
of John, Thomas and James McMahon, Brid-
get Mead. Mary Ryan and Eliza Hurley, a
native of County Clare, ; Ireland, aged 65
years.
O'LEARY— In this 'city, July 26. 1898, Fergus
• O'Leary, a native of County Clare, Ireland,
■" aged 77 years. ■ ■  . ;
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor &' Co.. • 767 Mission street.
•Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. . ..
FAULSEN-ln this city, July 24. .1898, Henry,
beloved husband of Mary Paulsen, a native
of Denmark, aged 61 years and 6 months.
K?"Friends and acquaintances, comrades of
Garflcld Post No. 34, G. A. R., sisters of, Gar-
field Corps No. 21, W. R. C, also members of
, Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W., and
'members or the G. A. R. and auxiliary asso-
ciations, are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock,
from Alcazar building. Interment National
' Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of A. W.
Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
A. O. U. Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. U.
W. : Officers and brethren will assemble at
Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell street, this
day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother. Henry Paul-
sen. JAMES E. SAVAGE, M. W.
D. McSWEENEY, Recorder.- •
PETERSON— this city, July 2.. 1898, Arthur
■ -' E., dearly beloved son of Emilie and Emmy
Peterson, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 7 days.
POWERS— In this city. July 25, 1898. Mrs. John
Powers, wife of the late John Powers,
mother of E. T. Powers of San Francisco and
Mrs. P. M. Rooney of Wheatlaml. and Btster-
in-law of Mrs. Catherine Hrannan< of San
Francisco, a native of Kilkenny, Ireland,
aged 63 years.
RODE —In this.: city, July 25, IS9B. Ella
Darling, beloved -, daughter ." of C. B. and
! Mary Rode, and loving sister of George and
Alice Rode and Mrs. C. C. Montague, a na-
tive of San Francisco.'
K?"The funeral will taKe place this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock; from the resi-
dence of her parents, 547 Fourth street, thence
to St. Rose's Church. Brannan street; be-
tween Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
RYRIE— In this city. July 24, IS9S, Williamlna.
beloved wife of P. K. Ryrie. a native of
Wick. Scotland, aged 48 years. ' "
ICTFrlends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday). at 2 o'clock, from her- late
residence. 300 Eighth avenue, between Point
Lobos avenue and Clement street. Interment
.Masonic Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ■
SELIGMAN— In this city, July 23. 1898, Moses,
beloved- husband of Barbette Sellgman,- and
father of Max and Jessie .SeliGman, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 55 years and 6 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday).' at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 033 O'Farrell street, under the. aus-
pices of Modln Lodge. I. O. B. B. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.: '
SINCLAIR— this city, July 25, IS9S. at the
French Hospital, May Laura Sinclair, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years. ■
STROBLE— In Haywards, July 26, 1898. Henry
Christian Theodore, beloved husband of 'Sarah
Stroble. and father of Charles W.. Vincent
J. and Mary R." Stroble, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years, 3 months and 27 days. ; * -
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall In Haywards. Interment Lone Tree
. Cemetery. .
ULMAN— In this city. July 26. . IS9B. Adele Ul-
.". man, beloved . mother of Mrs. S. Horwltz,
' Mrs. Carrie Meyer. I Mrs. S. LeVy and Leon,
•V Earnest and Victor Ulman, a native of Alsace,
aged 74 years. .
1 (CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
YOUNG— In this - city. July • 25, 1898, Simon,
■ beloved '-■ husband of the '. late Flora Young, :
' and father of 11. L.Young, Mrs. L. Ehrberg,
Mrs. ' J. Coleman and Mrs.' H. Asher. ! . a na-
t ive of Poland/Russia, aged 57- years. .,.'.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at his
late resilience. 16 Turk - street.. Interment
Hills of 'Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train. • ' , ■. .••':■:■ :: ■
! '
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
yCSEKAL DIRECTOKS &, EiIBALMBM I
. Up Him BT.. 0p : Lincoln 3ai«L . |
 . ■ Telephone, South 30. ' • a
' H. B. m'avoy. Manager. . -. I
! McrtVOY <Sz C 0. ,: |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa I
! 1233 Market' St.. between Bth aud 9th. • - I
Telephone. South 247. •■■ |
■ • Estab. 1868 ■■.': . Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
* v ',' Funeral : Director* and Embnlmcrs,
.' '22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
. ' Lady assistants, * Spacious chapel for th« oa«
[ of our patron*. Rubber tires on our ambulaaea.
1314
MAGUIRE MAY
SOON HAVE TO
TURN HIS COAT
His Position in the Democratic
and Populist Parties Still
in Doubt.
The Statesman's Opinion of His Own Party
as Set Forth Over His Own
Signature.
Since the pinto Populist convention
nominated James G. Maguire for Gov
ernor a change seems to have come
over the spirit of the Democratic po
litical dream. The good Democrats
who have all along professed to see in
the "little giant" the man o^ the hour
are beginning to suspect that they have
been handed a gold brick by the king
of all political bunko sharps.
The Democrats who have not looked
unkindly on the proposition to fuse
■with the Populists flnd that the Con
gressman has so manipulated things
that the only way in which fusion can
te brought about is by the placing of
Maguire's name at the head of the
Democratic State ticket. Maguire, be
sides being a statesman and a politi
cian, is a lawyer, and among lawyers
such tricks are classed under the gen
eral head of "'sharp practice." Sharp
practice tricks are not in high favor
with honest men, and that is why
honest Democrats are scratching their
heads and thinking instead of wearing
overalls and letting their beards grow
in honor of the action taken by the
tenderloin portion of the late lamented
Populist convention.
Now that the men who form the bet
ter element of the Democratic party
have begun to speculate as to the de
gree of their servitude they are mani
festing a disposition to inquire more
closely into the character of the man
who called the men of the American
navy pirates, and who, not so very
long ago foreswore allegiance to the
party which he now asks to join with
the Populists in honoring him with the
nomination for Governor of the State of
California. Not only did Maguire
withdraw from the party, but he called
it bad names, just as he did the men
who, with Sampson and Schley and
Dewey, have been fighting for the
honor and glory of the nation. He said
that the Democratic party held wealth
as the standard of respectability; that
it was a bidder for the affection of
monopolists, and that it ignored the
masses. He said much more to the
same effect and then proceeded to rub
it in by accusing the party in the fol
lowing language:
"The entire solid area of our great
country, including the natural oppor
tunities of all our people— the natural
resources without which none of our
c can live— has been made the ex
clusive property of a few thousand
alien and domestic landlords, who by
■\ irtue of the absolute control which
they do thus, as owners, exercise over
the only means of living of our land
less millions, are robbing the latter
continuously of from one-half to four
fifths of the fruits of their labor, and
are daily driving them to lower and
lower depths of slavery and hapless
misery. This !s a system of servitude
just as complete as chattel slavery and
in many respects more atrocious; yet
the so-called Democratic party, while
claiming to be the friend of the la
borer, expressly defends this system
and bids for the support of those who
profit by it. As a self-respecting man
I feel justified and bound in honor to
■withdraw from a party which haa
fallen to such levels."
That is what the statesman once
thought of the party he now asks to
give him the highest office in the State.
As the party has not changed since the
Congressman penned those bitter
■words It is to be presumed that he has
experienced a change of heart consist
ent with his ever growing desire to
keep his hand in the public purse.
"THE GHOST"
SHOT MILLS
Solution of a Murder
Mystery.
IMPORTANT CLEWDISCOVERED
POLICE LOOKING FOR AN EX
CONVICT NAMED SULLIVAN.
Perpetrator of a Crime Committed
Three Years Ago — Suspect As
sisted McNulty to
Escape.
The police believe that If they can lo
cate "Ghost" Sullivan, a notorious
crook and ex-convict, they will have
cleared up the mystery surrounding the
tragic death of Richard Nevills, an un
fortunate carpenter who was shot and
killed by a masked robber about three
years ago.
Nevills on the night that he was
murdered visited a saloon kept by a
man named Hlldebrand at Greenwich
and Pierce streets, intending to have a
drink. A few minutes after he had
entered the saloon two masked robbers
appeared, and, covering Nevills and
Hlldebrand with their revolvers, or
dered them to throw up their hands.
Nevills lost no time in complying with
the request, evidently realizing that he
was in the hands of two desperate men.
Hildebrand, howc^ver, seeing a chance
to escape, crawled under the bar and
got into a rear room. The next instant
a shot rang out, and Nevills fell, mor
tally wounded. The desperate robbers
at once left the saloon, without having
attempted to rob the place.
A short time after they had disap
peared Hildebrand mustered up suf
ficient courage to emerge from his hid
ing place, and, going to a saloon about
a block distant, he notified the proprie
tor of the killing of Nevills. The police
were then notified, and they proceeded
to make an investigation. Several sua
pects were arrested, but as they suc
There are those who are not unwill
ing to believe that Maguire's former
demonstration of his ability to change
his political coat at a moment's notice
will stand him in good stead in the
emergency that now confronts him. He
has received the Populist nomination
for Governor and to accept it he will
have to become a Populist. In nomi
nating him the Populists attached a
string to their act by imposing as a
condition the proviso that the nomina
tion would not be valid unless Ma
guire accepted the Populist plat'orm
within fifteen days after his arrival
within the borders of the State. But
such n condition is no obstacle to a
statesman of Maguire's ability. He is
still in Washington, and even were he
to start for California immediately he
would not arrive here until after the
first day of August. The Democratic
convention will probably be held on
August 16, or before the fifteen-day
Populist time limit would expire.
Should he be so fortunate as to secure
the Democratic nomination for Gover
nor he could then accept the Populist
nomination, condition and all, with
thanks, and the Populists could inaug
urate a guessing contest on the ques
tion of his sincerity. If he does not
receive the Democratic nomination he
would then be In a position to reject
the Populist proposition with scorn and
to reiterate his adherence to the Dem
ocratic principles which he once upon
a time so gayly Spat upon. To the
man up a tree it would appear that the
wily statesman has his beloved Demo
cratic party on the hip and the piebald
Populists in chancery-
Maguire's expressed belief that the
men of the American navy are no bet
ter than pirates has apparently been
followed by a public display of affec
tion for the Spaniards. An evening
paper which has all along evinced a
fondness for the statesman publishes a
Washington telegram under the follow
ing scare head:
MAGUIRE WILL
NOT TALK MUCH
Says That the Condition of Coast
Politics Will Not Per
mit It.
He Had Great Difficulty in Avoiding
the Crowds That Followed
Him About.
Is Fond of Cervera and Desires to Visit
and Thank the Admiral for His
Kindness to Him.
It would appear from this that Ma
guire has a special liking for the Span
ish admiral and has received favors
at his hands. In the light of this
publication it is even possible of belief
that some secret understanding existed
between the statesman and the Span
ish admiral at the very time when the
former called the operations of our
navy acts of piracy. The matter
might well be made the subject of a
searching inquiry were it not for the
fact that the paper which published
the story is noted for inaccuracy, and
the additional fact that on another
page of the same paper there appeared
a telegraphic item concerning the ar
rival in Washington of Lieutenant
Hobson. It is barely possible that the
latter part of the scare head referred to
Hobson and not to Magulre.
ceeded in satisfying the police of their
innocence they were released. A short
time after the commission of the crime
two detectives who were detailed on the
case heard of a conversation which
clearly proves that Sullivan, alias "the
Ghost," was one of the masked robbers.
After leaving the scene of the murder
the robbers headed for the water front,
and realizing that they were safe from
arrest entered a saloon kept by a man
named Kerwin. Sullivan seemed dis
appointed at not "getting the stuff," as
he expressed It, and, turning to his
companion, accused him of being a
"dub."
"If you had held up that Dutch
man," he is said to have remarked, "I
would not have been forced to have shot
the other guy."
His companion replied that he did
not want to kill him, which seemed to
anger Sullivan.
"You wanted me to kill the other fel
low, though," he angrily retorted.
"If you had been on to your Job you
would have stored the boss from en
tering the rear room, and we could
have copped off the dough."
Trembling with • fear his companion
in crime declared that he was glad
that he had not shot Hildebrand.
"You didn't have to kill him," re
marked his murderous accomplice. "If
you had placed your gun under his nose
he would have quit. Instead of making
the play good you let him get away. I
had to stand for the other guy (mean
ing Nevills) and when he kicked I
pumped it into him. I hope he is dead,
as he had no right to interfere, as we
were not after his stuff."
After having several rounds of drinks
the men left the saloon, evidently un
mindful of the fact that their conver
sation had been overheard. A hanger
on who had listened to their conversa
tion informed the police, and several
detectives were sent to find Sullivan
and his accomplice. Despite their ef
forts the men escaped, presumably
having taken passage on a Bteamer
bound for the north.
Several days ago word was received
at police headquarters stating that Sul
livan was In Seattle. A dispatch ask
ing for his arrest was sent to the Chief
of Police of that city, but no answer
has been received as yet.
Sullivan is a desperate character and
the police are satisfied that he will not
be taken alive. Some years ago Sulli
van, who is a physical wreck, from the
excessive use of opium, was arrested
for burglary and committed to the
County Jail. He became acquainted
with John McNultv who was under
sentence of death for the murder of a
man named Collins, whom he killed In
cold blood. Evidently thinking that he
would be hanged, McNulty took Sulli
van Into his confidence and together
they planned a way to escape. They
were assisted by several other convicts,
who were In the Jail at the time. The
desperate men bored their way to the
outer wall of the jail, and during an
THE SAN FKANCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 27, 1898.
HIS FLOCK WILL MOURN HIM.
REV. M. M. GIBSON, D, D., Pastor of the First United
Presbyterian Church, Who Died Yesterdau While
on a Vacation in Oregon.
Rev.. M. M. Gibson, D.D.. pastor of the First United Presbyterian
Church of this city, died very suddenly yesterday morning at 4 o'clock at
the residence of his daughter, Mrs. Percy Young, at Albany, Or. The sad
Information came In a dispatch received yesterday by Assistant District
Attorney A. P. Black, who is president of the board of trustees of the
church.
No details of Dr. Gibson's illness were given in the telegram, but It has
been known to his friends here for a long time past that he has been suf
fering from throat trouble, and also had a slight affection of the heart. The
remains will be brought here for interment, and will arrive by the Oregon
express at 8:15 o'clock to-morrow morning.
On April 3 last Dr. Gibson and wife left here on their annual three
months' vacation to visit relatives in the East. Leaving here he went to
Pittsbur- to visit his wife's parents. The weather was exceedingly bad at
the time, and he wrote to friends here that he was suffering from a severe
cold, which had aggravated his throat trouble. From Pittsburg Dr. and
Mrs. Gibson went to Chicago to visit John Marshall Jr.. an insurance man
well known in San Francisco. Then they journeyed to Monroe, lowa, to see
Dr. Gibson's brother, the Rev. J. B. Gibson, and to Monmouth, 111., to his
brother-in-law. Pr. Hrown.
From there they c^ parted for Albany, Or., to spend the balance of their
vacation with their only surviving child, Mrs. Percy Young, who as Florence
Gibson was very well known in the foremost church and social circles of
this city.
Dr. Gibson's health did not return, as he had hoped for after arriving
in Oregon, and he wrote to the trustees of the church and was granted an
additional month's leave of absence. He kept up his correspondence with
many friends here, and none had any idea that his illness was anything
more than temporary and hoped for his speedy recovery. Its fatal termin
ation will be a sad blow to his flock, who had looked forward with pleasur
able antlcinations to his early return to the pulpit of their church.
Matthew McCormick Gibson was born in Central Pennsylvania about 63
years ago. Ho attended various ecclesiastical colleges at Allegheny City
and other places in Pennsylvania, and allied himself with the doctrines of
the United Presbyterians. Early In lSt><> a Dr. Cooper came to San Francisco
and established the First United Presbyterian Church of this city, holding
its meetings in Swan's Hall, on the south side of Market street, about
opposite O'Farrell. After remaining here about four months and seeing
the church well established Dr. Cooper resigned the pastorate and recom
mended to his followers a young man named Gibson, then at Pittsburg. Dr.
Gibson was called and accepted, arriving here on a Sunday morning In Oc
tober, 18C6, and held his charge up to the day of his death, nearly thirty
two years.
The church thrived under Dr. Gibson's management, and soon moved to
larger quarters at the City College, Stockton and Geary streets, where the
Spring Valley Water Works building now stands, in 1870 the church erected
an edifice of its own on the west side of Mason street, near Eddy, which
was sold in 1593, when they moved to the present commodious edifice at
the corner of Golden Gate avenue and Polk street.
Dr. Gibson was loved by all who knew him for his kindly disposition
and beneficent temperament. Over six feet in height, with a kindly face
and Mowing silvery beard, his appearance marked his calling, and his sunny
nature never turned a deaf ear to a deserving charity.
The loss of his son nearly twenty years ago was a terrible blow to him,
but he bore up under it with true fortitude. He leaves surviving him a
widow and one daughter, residing in Oregon.
Dr and Mrs. Gibson resided at the manse, 1518 Fulton street, built by
the church in 1894. It was Intended to make this the initiative some time
In the future in the forming of a new church organization.
opportune moment, when the guard
was absent, they removed the bricks
which prevented them from gaining
their freedom. McNulty was the first
to pass through the aperture, and after
satisfying himself that his escape had
not been discovered, he signaled his
companions to follow hjm. Sullivan,
after his escape, boarded an outgoing
steamer, intending never to return.
When the steamer was opposite Fort
Point he got homesick and started to
swim to shore. .
The following day he was located by
the police and returned to the County
Jail He was subsequently acquitted
of the charge of burglary that was
pending against him, but as he was
leaving the courtroom he was rearrest
ed for breaking jail. He was convicted
after a short trial and sent to the pen
itentiary. McNulty was recaptured a
few days after he had escaped and Is
now undergoing a life sentence in Fol
som. Governor Markham having seen
fit to save him from the gallows. Sul
livan was discharged from the peni
tentiary only a short time before he
committed the murder which the police
attribute to him. The name of his ac
complice is not known, but as the po
lice have a good description of him,
they hope to get him before long, as
well as the murderer of the unfortunate
carpenter. ____________ _____
HIS OWN PATIENT.
Dr. Zabala and His Ambulance Col
lide With a Street Car.
While taking a patient to the Harbor
Receiving Hospital last evening the am
bulance was run into by Valencia-street
car No. 1231. The ambulance was pretty
badly injured, the patient considerably
shaken up and the surgeon in charge
thrown to the ground and severely
"caffs'to Oritz was the injured man, and
as he was in a drunken stupor when re
moved from the Harbor Station the physi
cians were unable to determine the ex
tent of his injuries, though it is believod
he may have a possible fracture of the
skull As the ambulance was crossing
the Market-street cartracks at East
street the collifiion occurred. Dr. Zabala,
who was in charge of the patient, was
thrown violently to the ground and sus
tained several abrasions of the leg and
his ankle was badly wrenched. He treat
ed both cases. -■_,-- ... .
The driver escaped without injury, but
the pole, one wheel, the singletree and
the brake were damaged.
Excursion to Santa Cruz.
The excursion to Santa Cruz next Sun
day will be personally conducted by Wil
liam H. Menton, the excursion passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
and promises to be one of the most pleas
urable outings of the summer. The trip
will give the excursionists five hours at
the seaside and the price is but $2. Among
the attractions booked for the day are a
?rand concert on the beach and an old
ashioned mussel bake, which will begin
at 2 o'clock In the afternoon. Persons cc
siring to take advantage of the excursion
should take the narrow-gauge boat from
San Franoiso at 7:45 a. m. Oakland people
should take the 7:45 train at Fourteenth
and Franklin streets, and those from Ala
meda should take the 8:20 a. m. train
from Park street. The returning train
will reach San Francisco at 8:05 in the
evening.
"JIM" REA PROMPTLY
CALLED TO ACCOUNT
Major Frank McLaughlin Satiates
the Former Boss' Desire for
Satisfaction.
James W. Rea, bully and former
boss of San Jose, smarting over his
downfall, came up from San Jose yes
terday morning "full panoplied for
war.' Since his ejectment from the
Republh an party by the State Central
Committee last Saturday Rea has been
furious, and on the train yesterday his
loud-mouthed boastings of what he tn
tended to do to those who had acoom
phehfed Ms exit from the political arena
disgusted all the other passenger.
With the proverbial chip carefully
balanced on his shoulder, Rea made h's
way up town looking for trouble, and
found it before he had hardly begun
his quest.
Almoft the first man he met was Ma
jor Frank McLaughlin, the author cf
fill hi.s troubles, and on him Rea opened
his batteries. The return flre came so
promptly and vigorously that the bully
was Instantly cowed. Quickly assum
ing a conciliatory air Rea forced a grin
on his features and lamely at
tempted to pass his words off as a Joke.
Major McLaughlin, however, could not
see the humor of the affair, and gave
Rea to understand that such Jokes did
not go with him. The late boss be
lieved him, for he removed the chip
from his shoulder then and there and
sought no further for the scalps of his
executioners.
Burglars Scared Away.
When Mrs. Maria M. Wentworth re
turned from church to her residence, 2320
Foi;om street, last Sunday evening, she
found the house in confusion. Bureaus
and closets had been ransacked and sev
eral neat bundles of Jewelry and silver
ware showed that burglars had been on
the point of decamping with their plun
der. The police are investigating the mat
ter.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Wallace J. Wetherly has applied for a
divorce from his wife, Lizzie E. 'Wether
ly. As a cause of action the plaintiff al
leges desertion. Suits for divorce on the
ground of failure to provide have been
filed by Minta Welch against John Jo
seph Welch and Ludovlkca W. Ruburg
against J. P. Ruburg.
WON COLD
CASH BY A
COMPROMISE
Famous Foley Case Is
Concluded.
SEQUEL TO THE SHOOTING
THE NEVADA SENATOR'S ES
TATE BATED AT $100,000.
Eastern Heirs Consider That They
Gained Materially by Settling
the Complicated Case Out
of Court.
George W. Baker returned yesterday
from Reno, Nev., where he has been
engaged for a week or more in the con
test of the petition for the distribution
of the late Senator Foley's estate. By
a compromise which was made at the
eleventh hour Mrs. Oscar J. Smith, the
Senator's widow, paid the Eastern
heirs, whom Mr. Baker and Judge
Blgelow represented, $25,000 in cash.
Mr. Baker considers this even better
than the winning of his suit, for if he
had secured a decision giving them all
the interest in the estate they asked it
would never have realized this amount.
In speaking- of the case last evening,
Mr. Baker said: "This was a very com
plicated and peculiar case. Senator
Foley was shot and killed by a Mrs.
Hartley in 1894. She was tried, con
victed and sent to prison for ten years.
After serving two years, she was par
doned last year by Governor Sadler.
"The Foley estate was appraised at
over $100,000, but shrank in value with
everything else in Nevada. He left no
will, and under the State law the widow
secures afl of the community property
and half of all the rest. Mr. Foley's
mother, three sisters and brother in the
East employed us to look after their in
terests. The widow signed an agree
ment to divide the property equally,
taking half and giving the Eastern rel
atives half.
"Just at this time Mrs. Hartley was
pardoned and came upon the Bcene
with a son, whom she claimed was Fo
ley's offspring. She filed a suit for
half of the property for this boy. Just
before the case went to trial the boy
died. She had her father appointed
administrator of the child's estate, con
sisting of this claim against Foley's
estate. The suit was tried last sum
mer, and as his claim would prevent
the Eastern relatives from securing
anything if he won, we fought and de
feated that case. No appeal was ta
ken, and in this way Mrs. Hartley
dropped out of the case entirely, al
though she watched it constantly, at
tending every session.
"Mrs. Foley, who had remarried,
then repudiated the agreement to di
vide the property equally, claiming
that her attorney had misinformed her
and not given her the proper advice.
She secured the services of Messrs.
Campbell, Clark and Rand. The case
was tried in Washoe County before a
jury last fall and we secured a ver
dict for a half of the estate. Mrs.
Foley's attorney, who drew up the con
tract for an equal distribution of the
estate, was on the stand at that time
and in every way possible tried to
make it appear that the contract did
not mean what it said, but to no avail.
The case was appealed on some point
of instructions, reversed and sent
down for another triai.
"This began on July 18 and continued
all last week- We had a good case,
but it never reached the Jury for a ver
dict. Before the close the attorneys
for Mrs. Smith advised a compromise.
This was decided upon and Mrs. Smith
paid us $25,000 for the Eastern heirs,
which is more than we could have re
alized If the Jury had given us all we
apked, for I do not believe that the en
tire estate could be sold to-day for 550,
000. The settlement took place on Sat
urday last."
ENTERTAIN MANY
CALIFORNIA BOYS
Sixth and Seventh Regiments Guests
of California Street M. E. Church
Society.
Nearly 1000 members of the Sixth and
Seventh Regiments, California Volun
teers, were the guests last night of the
Epworth League of California-street
Methodist Episcopal Church.
An excellent musical and literary pro
gramme was rendered in the auditorium
of the church by soldier boys and by
members of the church under direction
of EL B. Paamore.
The Seventh Regiment band rendered
the "Star Spangled Banner," the audi
ence standing. The band then struck up
a lively march, during the rendition of
which four little girls: Edith Brant Car
rie McLane, Violet Laflln and Maggie
Kenny, went among the guests distribut
ing bouquets.
The address of welcome was delivered
by J. H. Northon, president of the Ep
worth League of the church. The quartet
from the Santa Paula Company, E, con
tributed several vocal numbers. Misa
Gardner sang sweetly, and M. F. Pears,
solo clarinetist of the band, astonished
his auditors with several whistling solos.
Mles Mabel Brown recited "Elder
Lamb's Donation," Mrs. Bertha Eckman
sang "Remember the Maine," and Mr.
Spencer, of Company D, sang a ballad.
At the conolusion of the programme re
freshments were served by the ladles of
the church in the assembly room.
Polk- Street Merchants Jubilant.
The fact that the Supervisors have rec
ognized the necessity of illuminating the
business streets of the city by an extra
supply of electric lights has pleased the
Polk street merchants, and they are con
gratulating one another on their fore
sight in being the originators of the
swinging lamps in the center of the
streets for the lighting of that thorough
fare.
By the called-for contract for lights for
the city for the next two —ears all the
prominent business streets will oe sup
plied with extra electric lights until mid
night.
Having succeeded so well in this matter
the Polk street merchants will gather to
gether in the near future and reorganize
on a more substantial basis. The first and
most important movement /ill be to get
the Sutter Street Railroad Company to
join with the Union street line and extend
its route along Polk street to the waters
of the bay, the company having already a
franchise for that part of Polk street
through the hogsback, which Is now cut
to the street grade.
As soon as this cut gets paved and ac
cepted the privilege of running teams on
Van Ness avenue, which has been de
clared a boulevard, will be withdrawn
and all traffic will be directed to Polk
street.
Since the Bush street boulevard "scare"
has passed by the people residing on this
street would gratefully contribute for the
purchase of a leather medal for the pres
ident of the Sutter Street Railroad Com
pany if he would instruct the superin
tendent to fill in the furrows left, in the
middle of the street by the removal of
the rails over which the ghost car used
to materialize once a day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• • • HT . . .
Three Departments !
On MONDAY, July 25th, and during balance of the week
we will offer the following six exceedingly cheap lines of
goods:
15 pieces Plaid Taffeta Silks, extra quality,
22 inches wide, latest colorings and
Swiss manufacture.
$1.00 Yard.
■ W^ortla SI.SS.
25 pieces Printed India Silks, 24 inches
wide, all white and light colored
grounds.
sOc Yard.
"Worth 750 and ©1.00 Yard.
15 pieces Black English Figured Brilliant-
ines, 3 different styles, goods 38
inches wide.
sOc Yard.
■Worth 750.
30 pieces 52-inch Black Diagonal Tailor
Suiting.
75c Yard.
, Worth SI.OO.
18 pieces 48-inch French Bourette, in
navys and browns only.
sOc Yard.
Former Price 51.25.
20 pieces Fancy Wool Cheviots, eight
different colorings.
:25c Yard.
R.©clu.o©cl trom. sOc.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
DEMOCRATS
DECLARE WAR
Will Send Two Delega
tions to Sacramento.
PLANS OF RIVAL FACTIONS
THE COURTS WILL BE ASKED TO
DECIDE.
Major Harney's Followers Meet and
Prepare Plans for State, District
and Municipal Conven
tions.
War has been declared in the Demo
cratic camp, and from this time until the
day of election hostilities of the blood
letting kind are to be the order of the
day.
It has all along been an open secret
that the so-called Harney Democrats,
who were relegated to the political bone
yard by the Gould-Alford-McNab com
bination in the State Committee, would
contest the right of their enemies to hold
the organization of the party, but it was
not until last night that war was for
mally declared. The campaign committee
of the Harney General Committee met at
the Baldwin Hotel last evening and
mapped out a plan of campaign for the
undoing of their hated rivals. It was de
cided to send a delegation to the State
Convention and there contest with the
so-called reformers the right to take part
in the deliberations of that body. In the
meantime the Democrats of the State will
be appealed to through the medium of an
address setting iorth the history of tne
San Francisco Democracy during the
past eight years, as well as a detailed ac
count of the high-handed methods by
which the State Committee, through the
machinations of a few disgruntled poli
ticians, has sought to constitute itself the
governing body of the party in this city.
Hostilities are not to be suspended
even in the event of a failure of the con
vention to recognize the Harney delega
tion. District conventions are to be held
for the nomination of Congressmen, mem
ber of the Board of Equalization and
Railroad Commissioner. A municipal
convention will also be held and a full
municipal ticket will be put in the field.
These, in brief, are the things decided
upon at the meeting last night, and steps
were taken to carry the plans of the com
mittee to a successful conclusion.
An enrollment of voters was made at
the time the present Harney general com
mittee was brought into existence. This
enrollment is to stand, and in addition
there will be a supplementary enrollment
during two days of next week to give all
Democrats who are not on the former
rolls an opportunity to become eligible to
cast a vote at the primaries that will be
held for the selection of delegates. The
time for the holding of the primaries has
not yet been fixed, but it has been agreed
that they will be held during the week
after next.
All of the members of the campaign
committee declare that the die has been
cast and that the courts will be asked to
decide upon the merit of the contention
that has disrupted the local Democracy.
CONVENTION DELEGATES.
Apportionment to Be Based
Upon the Bryan Vote at
the Last Election.
The members of the Gould-McNab-Al
rord Democratio County Committee met
last night and decided upon the plan of
apportionment of the delegates to the
State Convention at Sacramento. After
a lengthy discussion it was determined
that the apportionment be based upon
the Bryan Democratic vote in the differ
ent Assembly districts in that campaign.
This means * victory for the district
south of Market street, which now gets
equal representation in the convention.
Heretofore the district north of Market
street had four-fifths of the delegates,
thus being in control. Under the present
management they have but two-fifths of
the votes.
According to the apportionment made
last night the Twenty-eighth District,
with two county commltteemen, gets
eleven delegates to the State Convention;
the Twenty-ninth, with three, gets ten;
the Thirtieth, with two, gets ten; and the
Thirty-first, with one, gets twelve. This
covers all the districts on the south side.
The other plan which was suggested at
the meeting and rejected, was that of
equal representation. Under this system
the 153 delegates would be equally divided
among the eighteen districts.
The result of the meeting will be sub
mitted to the County Committee on Tues
day next for its acceptance or rejection.
BASIL HEATHCOTE DEAD.
The Well-Known Resident Passes
Away in Napa Asylum.
Information was received In this city
yesterday of the death of Basil Heath
cote In Napa Asylum, where he was com
mitted in November, 1896.
The deceased had a checkered career,
and was well known both for his social
and business relations. A few years agr
he arrived in San Francisco, and became
prominent as a member of the firm of
Heathcote & Dexter.
As a good athlete, hard rider and all
round club man. he mfnjrled with the
swell set, and soon his marriage to Miss
Kittle was announced. But his social
facility eventually ruined his attention
to business. His commercial and conju
gal partnerships were dissolved, and on
October 9. 1896. the unfortunate man was
found roaming the streets in a demented
Heathcote was an Englishman, and
was only 40 at the time of his death.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents, Pensions, Promotions and
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, July 26.-Pactfle Coast pa
tents were issued to-day as follows: Califor
nia— Henry C. Black. Oakland, device for draw
ins beer or similar liquids: Carey S. Fox.
Fresno assignor of one-half to Phoenix Raisin
Seeding and Packing Company, raisin seeder;
George H " Dunlay, Hollywood, device for de
taching Implements to. handles; Horace B.
Gale San Francisco, assignor to C. C. Worth
ington valve movements lor pumps; Thorwald
Holmes, Los Angeles, egg boiler; Robert W.
Jessup, San Francisco, assignor of one-half to
F H ' Wheelan, separator; Stephen B. Ken-
Held and C. Elvldge, San Francisco, loading ap
pliance; Edgar N. Lacid,- El Toro, portable
tent- Joseph Lenormand, San. Francisco, safety
attachment for demijohns; Patrick H. Reardon,
San Francisco, hose attaching device for rock
drills' Hugh R. Robertson, Alameda, lumber or
timber craft; Samuel L. Stevens, Point Arena,
boat propelling mechanism.
Washine-ton — John J. Anderson, Ellensburgr.
adjustable table; Lewis H. Bowman, Walla
Walla, sash fastener; Frank Johnson, Seat
tle, ship's "alley; Henry C. Keeler, Waterville,
current motor; Anthony Prichard, Tacoma,
metallic fate screen.
The following Californlans, to-day, received
promotion In the Postof flee Department: Wil
liam A. Rutherford. San Francisco, $1400 to
$1600: -Herbert Q. Hopkins, San Francisco, $1000
to $1200; Henry C. Wire, Los Angeles, $800 to
$300.
Army orders— Second Class Private Joseph
Casßidy, ordnance detachment, Benlcla arse
nal, Cal., will be discharged from the service
of the United States on receipt of this order
by the commanding ~'«r»er of his station. Post
Quartermaster Sergeants Stanislaus M. Neis
ser and Thomas Patton, ■ sergeant major and
quartermaster sergeant respectively, Fourth
Cavalry, now at the Presidio, San Francisco,
are temporarily assigned to duty at that post.
Pensions for California: Original— A.
With row, San Jose. $6: Edward Smith, San
Francisco, $8: Almyr W. Colby, Benlcia, $6;
Edward Dibble, Los Angeles, $12: Thomas
Tokes, "Veterans Home, Napa. $12: Michael Cos
tello; San Jose, $8. Increase Charles Ander
son. Veterans' Home, Nan" -$4 to $6; Asa D.
Starkweather, . San Diego, $17 to $24. Special
July 20. James G. Cooper. Hay wards, $6 to $12.
Original widow— Carolina Feetham, San Ber
nardino, $8. ■ .
Original— James G. Becker. John
Day. $6.
Stmr. Grace | Dollar will sail for St. Michael.
Guaranteed connections Yukon River points:
, low rates. Particulars 46 Mkt. or 632 MM., r. 8.