VOLUME LXXXFV .-NO. 8.
SANTIAGO'S FORTIFICATIONS
SPEEDILY REDUCED TO RUINS
INSURGENTS
TRIUMPH IN
EACH BATTLE
Spaniards Lose Hundreds
of Men at the Gates
of Manila,
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
BY J. L. STICKNEY.
MANILA, May 30 (via Hongkong).—
General Aguinaldo has already de
feated the Spaniards in several skir
mishes and one considerable engage
ment. He sent 600 troops across
Bacor Bay last Thursday, They took
a position between Old Cavite and
Bacor, near the powder magazine on
the beach, where the Spaniards had
a strong force of marines and infantry,
which attacked the rebels on Satur=
day morning and was repulsed. The
insurgents captured 224 Spaniards,
and 194 more Sunday night, including
fifteen officers.
The country where these skir
mishes were fought was covered
with thick tropical undergrowth,
with streams and swamps, where
no regular military order could
be maintained.
Before dawn yesterday General
Aguinaldo reinforced his troops
on the mainland with about iooo
men. Crossing the bay at Incan
ces, according to agreement, I
joined the rebel forces, expecting
to witness a charge over the nar
row neck of land connecting Ca
vite Peninsula with the mainland,
where the Spaniards were known
to have the bulk of their troops
and at least one field gun. Gen
eral Aguinaldo told me, however,
that he had changed his plan,
owing to the success of two pre
vious skirmishes, as the Spaniards
still held the peninsula in such
force that an assault would be un
certain in its results. He could
not reinforce his men on the oth
er side of the bay except under
fire of the Spaniards stationed at
the Bacor magazine and at the
harbor. If, therefore, the Span
iards brought heavy reinforce
ments from Manila, his men
would be caught between two
fires, where they might all be cap
tured. Consequently he refused
to give me any assistance to go
to the front, not even to show me
where to land in my own boat on
the other side. I could not induce
him to alter his decision, and,
having drawn the fire of the
Spanish troops at the end of the
peninsula by venturing out from
the cover of the trees, I could see
no hope of further progress in
that direction, except as a target
for several hundred Spanish
rifles, and returned to Cavite.
I. went partly across the bay in
my own boat again. Zip! Mauser
bullets gave a warning that the
Spaniards were on the alert
against the arrival of any more
boats from the rebel side. Sud
denly a sharp pattering fire broke
out on the extreme right of the
Spanish position, followed by the
continuous rattle of a machine
gun.
The Spanish troops from Manila were
evidently coming down the road well
back from the beach, being: only about
a, mile from the Spanish post maga-
Blne. On the beach I could see soldiers
\
The San Francisco Call
waving their hats wildly on hearing the
approach of support from Manila.
For twenty minutes the steady rattle
t>f the machine gun and the incessant
: patter of the magazine rifles showed
that a hot action was in progress,
stopping finally as abruptly as it had
begun. Then on shore, near the scene
: of this fight, a slender column of smoke
went up, evidently a signal to Aguinal
do in Cavite.
I had not been watching what was
; going on behind me and was, therefore,
. a good deal astonished to hear the roar
of a heavy gun and for an instant sup
1 posed our warships might have taken
' a hand in the fight, as I could tell by
the scream of the projectile passing over
: me that it was fired from a rifled gun
;of large caliber. I could not see where
it stnuck, but I made out on the wall
! of Cavite groups of rebels around four
muzzle-loading rifles pointing toward
the Spanish position.
This was the card Aguinaldo had been
keeping up his sleeve. In front of the
guns was a stovepipe, throwing out a
column of smoke, like the one on the
distant beach. Aguinaldo was letting
his partisans know that he was ready
ito take part in any action, for two
Continued on Third Page.
SHIPS SAIL FROM GOLDEN GATE FOR MANILA.
The United States coast defense steamer Monterey and the coal ship Brutus sailed for Manila yesterday. It was expected that they would get away early in the morning, but
the coils of the distiller were not put aboard as soon as expected, so it was 1:30 p. m. before the vessels departed. Passing along the front almost every steamer in the bay saluted them and
all the flags were dipped in good-by.
The fljfet stop will be at Honolulu, where the Monterey will recoal. She will then probably proceed in tow of the Brutus or she may go along under her own steam and run in
under the lee of one of the many Islands on the way to Manila and recoal from the cargo in the hold of the Brutus. It 1b expected that the Monterey and Brutus will make the passage
in about thirty days.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
MAP OF COAST AND COUNTRY FOR FIFTEEN MILES AROLND THE BAY OF SANTIAQO.
This Shows the Punta Cabrera and the Surgidero Afftmdores, Where the American
Troops Are Reported to Have Landed, With the Several Roads Leading: There
from to the City and the Roads From the Mountains Beyond, From Which the
Cuban Forces Under General Qarcia Are Said to Be Advancing:.
LUCK WENT
HAND IN HAND
WITH VALOR
Charmed Lives Borne by
Our Seamen in the Bat
tle of Manila.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
BY J. L. STICKNEY.
MANILA, May 5 (via Hongkong, May
10). — Here are additional particulars
to those I have already cabled to the
Herald of the destruction of the Span
ish fleet In Manila, Bay by Rear Admir
al Dewey:
When the squadron sailed from Mirs
Bay on April 27 no one was aware of
ficially of the declaration of war,
though private cable advices had given
this news. At inspection on Wednes
day evening this news was communi
cated to the men and every division of
the squadron sent up cheers that
aroused the echoes.
The bandmaster of the flagship, filled
with the spirit of the occasion, made
an especial programme for the even
ing, which included all the old war
songs, among them "The Boys in Blue,"
"When Johnny Comes Marching Home"
and others, that cheered men's hearts
Continued on Page Four.
TERRIBLE HAVOC
WROUGHT DURING
THE BOMBARDMENT
Spaniards Retreated Before the Deadly
Aim of American Gunners and Sus
tained Severe Losses.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL DISPATCH BOAT SOMERS
N. SMITH, OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 7 (via Kingston, Ja
maica, June 7). — Within three hours this morning the American
fleet silenced nearly all the fortifications at the entrance of the
harbor of Santiago de Cuba. The formidable Estrella and Cayo
batteries failed to reply during the last hour of the bombardment.
They were so shattered that it is doubtful whether they can be the
least service to the Spaniards in the future. There was a heavy
fog and steady rain during the engagement.
American gunners, however ;
rose superior to the mist, and
their keen eyes, supplemented by
high skill, directed shot and shell
with terrific effect. Again the
Spaniards proved to be miserable
marksmen. They managed to
hit the battleship Massachusetts
once. Her fighting top was
struck, but that was all the dam
age. The other ships did not suf
fer, so far as can be learned.
Not one of our sailors
is reported killed. One
man on the Suwanee
was injured. I do not
know whether his inju
ries are serious. It is
believed that he was the
only sailor wounded
during the bombard
ment.
The formation of the American
ships was in double column.
About 6 o'clock in the morning
the war vessels stood off from
beetling Morro Castle.
The weather was nasty, but no
rain nor fog could depress the
spirits of the jackies, who were
eager for the tray. The ships
moved slowly to within 3000
yards of the shore. One line,
composed of the Brooklyn,
Texas, Massachusetts and Mar
blehead, turned westerly. The
flagship of Commodore Schley
led.
In the second line w r ere the
New York, New Orleans and
Yankee. The New York was at
the head of the line. The second
line moved eastwardly. Far out on
the left were the Vixen and Su
wanee, whose crews watched the
riflemen on the shore. The sail
ors on the Dolphin and Porter
guarded the right flank. Admiral
Sampson's column directed its at
tention to the new earthworks
near Morro Castle. Commodore
Schley's vessels went opposite the
Estrella and Catalina batteries.
There was no firing until the
American ships were in a most
strategic position for fighting,
fhe bad weather had evidently
caused the Spaniards to believe
that there would be no bombard
ment while the heavy rain and
fog lasted. The movement of the
ships had not been noticed appar
ently until they were close to the
batteries.
But the battleship lowa waked
the sons of Castile and Aragon
from their reveries. A shot from
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
one of her great guns hit the bat
tery with serious effect. Both
columns of the ships then poured
a fusillade of metal into the fortifi
cations and earthworks on either
side of the harbor entrance. The
Spaniards rushed to their guns
and started to blaze away wildly.
What they lacked in skill they
made up in passion. But fiery
temperaments with poorly train
ed eyes and bad nerves behind
the guns were no match for the
superior gunners of Sampson's
and Schley's columns. The Amer
icans fired with great effect, but
the Spaniards' shots were reckless
and wide of the mark. There was
a splendid chance for the enemy
to display any proficiency in
marksmanship, for the United
States war vessels remained at
their chosen stands, and did not
resort to maneuvering.
In this grand battle, great
clouds from the guns increased
the heavy fog. It was a magnifi
cent spectacle, even though the
conditions were opposed to a
thoroughly accurate survey of
what was taking place. But
glimpses left on the memory ter
rors of a bombardment by great
modern warships. Admiral Samp
son had instructed that no firing
should be directed upon Morro
Castle, for in it were imprisoned
Lieutenant Hobson and the other
seven heroes of the Merrimac's
volunteer crew.
But several shells did
strike Morro Castle on
the promontory and left
gaping wounds. It is be
lieved that the shots did
not cause sufficient
damage to occasion a
fear that Lieutenant
Hobson and his com
panions suffered.
As the bombardment pro
ceeded the ships in Commodore
Schley's column moved nearer to
the shore in order to bring
speedier destruction to the shore
batteries. This action resulted in
the Texas, Massachusetts and
Brooklyn dealing such awful
broadsides that the earthworks
were torn up and the Spanish
gunners took to their heels for
less exposed places. But these
three ships were not the only ves
sels in Schley's column that were
doing their duty. The Vixen and
Suwanee drew in close to shore
and entered the fray with start
ling zeal. These small ships ham
mered away with their rapid-fire
guns and demolished the shoreo
battery. The main interest in
Schley's column was centered in
the Estrella fortification. This
fort offered great resistance, but
when the Texas and Marblehead
trained their guns upon it at
closer range, the woodwork of
the fortification was set on fire
and the defense was silenced.
American gunners
were doing their duty in
the same glorious man
ner in the eastward col
umn from which Ad
miral Sampson was
watching the engage
ment. Cayo battery was
silenced by the New
York and New Orleans.
This required an ener
getic fire for quite a
time, but the Spaniards
were not able to endure
the sustained attacks.
Their guns- were dis
mounted and their de-
fenses were wrecked.
At the close of the second hour
of the engagement the vessels of
the American fleet turned so that
they could use their port batteries
upon what was left of the enemy's
defenses. A part of the time the
firing was not accurate, because
of the location of several fortified
points on the shore which were
difficult to hit. But in spite of
the numerous disadvantages the
American tars sent many shells
into the right places.
There was great rejoicing
among the American gunners
when they saw that the Catalina
fort was silenced. The gun in it
spoke no more and the Spaniards
were not to be seen. With the
fire added to the rain of death
dealing shells, there was no with
standing the attack.
Our fleet threw shell
after shell into the ene
my's fortifications until
11 o'clock. Then there
was no reply. The
American ships had
completed their task
with great destruction.
Rear Admiral Sampson signal
ed for the ships to stop the bom
bardment. The vessels drew off
slowly. The jackies were some
what contented; but their desires
were for a longer attack and to
destroy everything in sight.
As the warships steamed away
some Spanish gunners returned
to the very few guns that had not
been dismounted and fired a few
shells which, as usual, went very
wide of their mark. Shortly after
the engagement came to an end,
I inquired whether we had lost
any men. My questions were an
swered, "Not a man." Later I
learned that one of the men on
the Suwanee was injured.
What the loss was among the
Spaniards is, of course, only a
matter of conjecture. If they had
remained at their guns tenacious
ly they would have suffered ter
ribly, but as many did not endure
the terrific fire from our ships, it
is believed that the loss was
not enormous. But the fortifica
tions at the entrance to Santiago
harbor are certainly in ruins.
Only two small shore batteries
were not dismantled. They were
damaged to a great extent, how
ever, and cannot be considered as
offering any considerable means
of defense.
HAS CLEARED THE
WAY FOR TROOPS.
Sampson's Work Makes Easy
the Landing of Invaders at
Santiago de Cuba.
WASHINGTON, June 7. — Starting
out with a strong belief that there had
been nothing In the nature of a serious
engagement between Sampson's forces
and the Spanish defenses at Santiago
the Navy Department officials, as the
day wore on and the full and detailed
reports of correspondents with the fleet
began to flow in, were compelled to
modify their view, and when the day
closed they were about ready to admit
that, although without official informa
tion on the subject, it was evident that
Sampson had made a strong attack
upon the Spanish force.
The one point upon which they main
tained thfir confidence was that no
troops had been landed. They we're pre
pared to learn that Sampson might be
clearing the way with his big guns for
the landing of the troops, or that pos
sibly some marines had been landed
temporarily, but that forces had been
put ashore they would not admit, for
the reason that no information had
reached the War Department of the ac
tual departure of the soldiers from the
Gulf ports for Cuba. It is not de
nied, however, that every effort la
making to put the troops into Cuba at
the earliest possible moment, and this
afternoon it is believed, although no
official advices to that effect were at
hand, that the troops have actually
been embarking at Tampa to-day and
may get away to-night. The reason
for this belief is found in the admission
by officials that the troops have been
under orders to embark for some time
past.
Ihe difficulty that presented itself
5 the absence of absolutely necessary
>plies, which, in most cases, were
red away in some of the thousands
freight cars which blocked the rail
d tracks many miles out from Tar
n orders that .went forward yes
lay were of a character to cause a
edy braking of the deadlock, and if
troops now have their supplies,
ich is believed to be the case, there
io reason why they should not sail
for Santiago.
>y the newspaper reports of the
aoh Sampson has made in the coast
enses there, there is every reason to
»<r.ieve that little difficulty will be
j found in the actual debarkation of the
troops< particularly if marines are al
' ready ashore to guard the landing.
A suspicion is entertained in some
! quarters that Sampson was hastened In
his movements at Santiago by the news
i of the intended departure of the troops
from Tampa, and made this attack in
order that the navy might have the
honor of effecting the occupation of
! Cuban soil. It is likely that the first
troops of the regular army to take up
a position ashore will be the Engineer
I Battalion, although they are so badly
I hampered by the heavy siege trains
[ they c«rry that they must be greatly
I Hayed in making a landing. These
ins, by the way, have given infinite
ouble, for the transports that were
istily chartered were so lightly con
ructed as to require a great deal of
rengthening before the great masses
! of steel could be safely placed on them.
The extent of Sampson's attack on
the Santiago defenses has brought out
one fact very clearly, namely, that he
has practically unlimited power as to
, the time and character of an attack,
and that he is unhampered by restric
tions from Washington. The exact na
ture of his orders has never been mat
public, but a naval official in a positio
I to know what they are said that Ad
miral Sampson had greater power con
ferred upon him than had ever bee
given to any commander.
It was for him to decide on the tim
| for an attack and the place and man
ncr of its execution. He may attac
before troops arrive, or, in his discre
tion, may act without the co-operatio
of troops. Or, if circumstances war
rant, he may refrain from any opera
; tions. In short, it is said that Admira
Sampson is complete master of the tac
tical and strategic operations by th
naval forces off Santiago. This is 1
line with the policy approved by th
liest naval authorities,
iptain Mahan, a member of th
r Board, brings out in his standar
k on "Sea Power" that it is for th
al commander-in-chief to organiz
direct his offensive or defensive op
ions. In referring to the brillian
ons afforded by Nelson, Rodnej
~«ragut and other great commander
he gives them credit for working ou
and executing the splendid campaign
. under their direction without orders o
, restraint from outside authority. Th
only reservation made in this genera
principle is that the center of the Go-\
ernment shapes general policies, and
the naval campaign is directed toward
the execution of this general purpose
of the Government.
In the present case the authorities
here have laid down the general ends
to be attained in Cuba and Porto Rico,
and the War Board has supplemented
this with every bit of information
which could assist the commander-in
chief. But beyond this Admiral Samp
; son's authority is practically without
limit. Under these circumstances the
naval authorities here have no means
j of knowing when a battle is to be ex
ecuted, or what the line of action is to
be.
TROOPS LAND AND
DEFEAT SPANIARDS
0
Insurgents Said to Have Formed
a Junction With the
. Americans.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
CAPE HAYTIEN, June 7.— A dis
patch dated at Santiago de Cuba at
midnight says during the bombard
ment of Santiago on Monday a force
of 500 troops (American) was landed at
Diaquiri, a short distance east of
Aguadores. The firing on the landing
at Aguadores, which began about noon,
was undoubtedly intended to cover
the movement by which the troops
[ were put on shore.
There was a sharp encounter with
the Spanish military forces that were
guarding the landing place, but the
only news of its result is that the Span
iards were driven back. What their
loss was is not known. The American
force is believed to have formed a
junction with the insurgents, who have
now been well supplied with arms and
ammunition and are ready to assist in
the land attack on Santiago.
The dispatch from Santiago said the
firing on the forts in front of Santiago
harbor began at a quarter before 8
o'clock. The firing did not cease until
half past 10 o'clock. It was resumed
at noon, and it was during. the second
attack that the landing at Diaquiri was
effected. V
During the bombardment 1500 projec
tiles were fired by the American yes
! sels and the damage to the Spanish
' forts is said to have been very great.
No dispatches have been received from
Santiago since Monday at midnight and
j it is believed the cable has been cut.
LOSSES AMONG
THE SPANIARDS
Some Casualties Admitted by
tbe Spanish Commander
at Santiago.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Haytl, June 7, 10
p. m. — According to the latest direct
advices from Santiago de Cuba, dated
Monday at midnight, the bombardment
■which began at 7:45 a. m. yesterday and
continued until 10:80 a. m. was resumed
again for a short time about midnight.
It was then believed that the Americans
had effected a Junction with the in
surgents near Daiquiri, some distance
east of Airuadores and near the railway
line to Santiago.
It is also understood here that the
Cuban troops maintained throughout
the greater part of yesterday an attack
by land upon Santiago, and the Span
ish reports say the garrison lost heavily
in killed and wounded.
The military commander of Santiago
de Cuba acknowledges the following
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTJXE 8, 189 S.
GRAPE GROWERS AND
WINE MAKERS PROTEST.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— [Representative Hilborn of California to
day presented to President McKinley a strong telegraphic protest
from the grape-growers and wine-makers of California against the
features of the recent reciprocity agreement with France. The pro
test stated that the agreement would be injurious to the grape inter
ests of California. The President directed that the matter be laid be
fore Mr. Casson, tlxe special commissioner, who arranged the agree
ment with France. Other members of the California delegation have
entered protests at the White House.
caaualties among the land forces:
Colonel Ordonez, Captain Sanchez,
Lieutenant Yrizus of the artillery, and
Perez and Garcia, both the last named
being Spanish officers whose rank is not
mentioned.
The Spaniards also admit the loss of
twenty-cmc infantry soldiers, severely !
wounded, and say one soldier was
killed.
But it is believed the losses of the i
Spaniards were much more heavy. In
the naval force the Spaniards say that
the officer who was second in command
of the partly dismantled Spanish cruis- ;
er, Reina Mercedes, and five sailors and :
an enEign were killed. The Spanish )
sailors wounded, it is asserted, number j
sixteen men. |
SAMPSON MAKES
A BRIEF REPORT.
"Silenced the Works Quickly
Without Injury of Any Kind,"
Says the Admiral.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Shortly af
ter 7 o'clock this evening information
confirmatory of the press dispatches
concerning the bombardment of the
fortifications of Santiago reached the
Navy Department. It came in the
form of a cablegram from Admiral
Sampson, whk-h was made public in the
following bulletin:
" Secretary of the Navy :
Bombarded forts at Santi
ago, 7:30 to 10 a. m. to
day, June 6. Silenced
works quickly without in
jury of any kind, though
within 2000 yards.
"SAMPSON."
While the officials of the Navy De
partment declined to say definitely
whether the bulletin contained all the
information given in Admiral Samp
son's cablegram, there is reason to be
lieve that it did not. The officials re
fused to discuss the subject or to
vouchsafe further information than
was posted on the bulletin board.
Only one additional point was elirit^d
by questioning. That was that the ca
blegram contained no information
about the landing of either land forces
or marines.
The information, received from Ad
miral Sampson wag evidently quite sat
isfactory to the naval authorities.
While they declined to discuss either
the reasons for or the probable conse
quences of the bombardment, they
were thoroughly satisfied with the re
sults accomplished. It is pretty well
understood that the bombardment was
for the purpose of paving the way
either for the landing of troops or
merely to cover the landing of ma
rines.
Dispatches received by the Associat
ed Press from Spanish sources to
night indicate that a landing was ef
fected, either during or immediately
after the bombardment. This is re
garded by naval authorities as entire
ly reasonable.
It is deemed likely that Sampson
landed a sufficient force of marines to
hold the ground he had gained and to
make preparation for the landing of
the regular forces upon their arrival, if
indeed, some of them are not already at
hand.
SPANISH VERSIONS
OF BOMBARDMENT
Cervera Makes Some Admis-
sions of Defeat, but Blanco
Claims the Usual Victory.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by .Tamps Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, June 7. — General Linares,
military commander at Santiago de
Cuba, has officially reported to General
Blanco that at 8 o'clock Monday morn
ing the American fleets began a com
bined attack upon the defenses fit the
entrance of Santiago de Cuba Hay. Ac
cording to his report, ten out of twen
ty-four ships were in sight during the
firing, which continued without inter
ruption during three hours. In that
time the American guns threw more
than 1500 missiles.
The Morro, Socana and Punta Gorda
batteries returned the fire. At 12 o'clock
the cannonading was begun again at
Aguadores landing and continued for
an hour. Both attacks. General Linares
says, were repelled. The firing of the
Americans damaged only the outside
of the barracks of Morro Castle, which
were built during a time of peace and
were unprotected. Cayo Smith was
struck, but the damage was not great.
General Linares also reports that the
cruiser Reina Mercedes was struck.
He says no guns at the forts were dis
mounted. He says no damage on the
American ships was visible. As it grew
dark nine of the American ships had
disappeared. He reports that the Span
ish army losses were one chief killed
and four officers and twenty-one sol
diers wounded. One navy chief and five
sailors were killed and one officer and
twelve sailors wounded. It is supposed
the American ships have had "impor
tant losses."
MADRID, June 7.— The following offi
cial dispatch has been received here
from Havana: "Colonel Aldea, com
manding a Spanish column, has had
some sharp fighting with a body of
rebels who are supporting the landing
of American forces near Santiago de
Cuba. Two American warships pro
tected the landing party. The result of
the operations is not known.
"It is supposed that the renewal of
the bombardment of Santiago, lasting
from 8 to 11 o'clock on Monday morn
ing, was intended to distract the atten
tion of the Snaniards and to enable the
landing to be effected without molesta
tion."
A later dispatch from General Aldea
says that one of his soldiers was hit
by the American shells, which, he as
serts, fell among the insurgents.
The following official dispatch has
been received from Admiral Cervera:
"Six American vessels have bom
barded the fortifications at Santiago
and along the adjacent coast. Six were
killed and seventeen wounded on board
the Reina Mercedes. Three officers
were killed and an officer and seventeen
men were wounded among the troops.
The Americans fired IDOO eheiis of dif
ferent calibers. The damage inflicted
upon the batteries of La Socapa and
Morro Castle was unimportant. The
barracks at Morro Castle suffered dam
age. The enemy had noticeable losses."
In the Chamber of Deputies, Captain
Aunon, Minister of Marine, read Ad
miral Cerveia s dispatch and a dispatch
from Blanco to the effect that General
Linares had repulsed an American at
tempt to effect a landing of troops at
Aguadores. The Senate, after hearing
Admiral Cervera's dispatch, unani
mously resolved to congratulate the
army and navy.
ORDONEZ'S DEATH
A LOSS TO SPAIN.
He Was a Noted Artillery Expert
With a European
Reputation.
LONDON, June B.— The London
morning papers are inclined to doubt
the account of the destruction and si
lencing of the forts at Santiago, but
they believe the bombardment was in
tended to draw the Spaniards' atten
tion from a landing somewhere, and
that the coming week or two will see
exciting events in Cuba.
The sinking of the Reina Mercedes is
regarded as probable, for it is known
that her boilers were defective and that
she had no armored deck. The wound
ing or death of Colonel Ordonez means
a serious loss to Spain, he being, or
having been her artillery expert, with
a European reputation and the designer
of the ordnance bearing his name.
The Cape Haytien advices of the Daily
Mail practically confirm the account
from the Associated Press boat Dandy.
All other accounts here except the
brief dispatches from Madrid emanate
from New York. A special from Ha
vana, evidently pro-Spanish, says that
nine American vessels retired, seriously
crippled, that the Reina Mercedes was
only slightly danaged and that the
American losses were heavy.
The Daily News says: "The American
Consul at Odessa has informed our cor
respondent there of a somewhat singu
lar proceeding on the part of the au
thorities at that port with regard to
some foreign steamers now chartered
as auxiliary transports for the convey
ance of troops and war materials from
Odessa to Port Arthur.
"It.appears that in the case of a Ger
man steamer named Scandia and a
French vessel, the American Consul
was applied to for certificates attesting
to owners of the steamers and the char
acter and nature as well as the destina
tion of their passengers and cargo. It
was explained by the local Russian au
thorities that this extraordinary pre
caution was taken in the event of the
vessels being compelled to put into a
Philippine port.
"As no certificate was demanded of
the Spanish Consul it would appear
that the Russians look upon the United
States as being in de facto possession
of the Philippine archipelago. The
American Consul readily gave the re
quired certificates."
NO RELIEF FOR
ADMIRAL CERYERA
Spain Without Power to Send
a Single Ship to His
Assistance.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The Herald's
correspondent at Washington tele
graphs: There is absolutely no hope for
naval re-enforcements for Admiral Cer
vera or for the blockaded city of San
tiago de Cuba. Spain is without power
to send a single ship to his assistance.
Reports of the appearance of a Spanish
squadron in the vicinity of the Wind
ward Islands or that Spanish vessels
were sighted off Madagascar, as pub
lished in Madrid, are absolutely erone
ous. Information of an authentic char
acter received by the Navy Depart
ment is to the effect that the Spanish
reserve squadron is still at Cadiz and
there is little likelihood of its ultimate
departure.
NAVAL AND LAND
FORCES DOOMED
Cervera's Fleet Will Be De-
stroyed, While Santiago
City Must Surrender.
LONDON, June 7.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Cape Haytien says:
"The American victory' at Santiago de
Cuba has cleared the way for the en
trance of Admiral Sampson and the
destruction of the Spanish fleet. As
Santiago's land defenses are reported
weak, it is likely that the city will yield
to a vigorous attack.
"It is reported that the commander
of the Reina Mercedes, second in com
mand of the Spanish fleet under Cer
vera, was killed during the engagement.
The combined American and insurgent
forces are entrenched near Daiquiri,
with guns mounted in preparation for
a further movement. From Spanish
sources comes a report that a party of
Americans landed at Aguadores, but
whether it is true or not is not known
here."
Small Boats Pass the Wreck.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 7.— While
the sinking of the Merrimac in the
channel in Santiago harbor will prevent
the egress of Spanish cruisers, I under
stand torpedo boats and torpedo boat
destroyers can pass the wreck safely
because of their light draught.
INTERNATIONAL CHESS.
Pillsbury and Showalter Beaten in
the Fifth Bound.
VIENNA, June 7.— The fifth round of
the international chessmasters' tourna
ment was begun in this city to-day at the
Vienna Chess Club. AH the games were
finished. Both Pillsbury and Showalter
were beaten, while the other two Ameri
cans, Steinltz and Baird, registered draws.
Showalter was beaten by Marco, Black
burne drew with Steinltz, Pillsbury lost to
Maroczy, Janowsky fpll prey to Halprin'a
tactics and Schiffers Deat Schwarz.
The games between Tarrrfsch and Lipke,
Alapin and Caro, Walbroadt and Balrd
and Sohlechter and TBchigrorin all ended
in draws, while Burns defeated Tren
chard.
CASTING ABOUT
FOR PRECEDENT
McKinley Would Seize
Hawaii.
A WARNING TO CONGRESS
THREATENS TO OVERRIDE ITS
ACTION.
Report That the Islands May Be
Taken as a "War Measure"
if the Annexation Treaty
Is Beaten.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: There is still a possi
bility that the Hawaiian annexation
resolution will come up in the House
during the present week, though some
of its advocates fear a deliberate ef
fort is being made to postpone, in ac
cordance with an alleged understand
ing with certain Senators that if it is
delayed in the House until the war bill '
has been sent to the President, Con
gress will adjourn before the Senate
can act on it. If this plan is carried
out it is probable President McKinley
will take the islands as a war measure,
without waiting for the Senate to act
at the next session.
The President has full power under
law and precedent. The law he relies
upon is that of 1856, relating to guano
islands, which may be discovered or
taken possession of by citizens of the
United States and are not within the
lawful jurisdiction of any other govern
ment. The chief precedent referred to
is the taking of Amelia Island at the
mouth of St. Mary's River, Florida, by
direction of President Monroe in 1817.
Amelia Island was at that tir«;e Span
ish territory, but was occupied- by a
band of pirates, which Spain failed to
suppress.
A precedent for taking foreign ter
ritory for war purposes was afforded
by General Jackson, when he pursued
the Seminole Indians into Florida, then
a Spanish possession, and took posses
sion of Spanish military posts.
NAVAL CADETS TO GET
A GLIMPSE OF WARFARE
Annapolis Men Assigned to Battle-
Ships in West Indian Waters
During Their vacation.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The Navy De
partment has decided to give the naval
cadets at Annapolis an opportunity to see
real warfare by taking assignment on the
warships in lieu of the customary summer
vacation. As a result about half of the
second-class men and quite a number of
third-class men have been assigned to
duty on the Indiana, New York, lowa and
other ships in West Indian waters.
The assignments are not general, apply
ing to Jin entire class, but are entirely
electlve by the cadets themselves. They
are showing much eagerness for the ser
vice, as disclosed by the large number of
applications thus far made. Thp depart
ment has approved the applications in all
cp.pps. unless some personal or family ob
jection was raised. The assignments are
made to tho larpr-r ships, as they afford
the best accommodation, the smaller gun
boats and auxiliary craft not having the
room for extra men. The cadets will be
made useful mainly as signal officers.
NAVAL PROMOTIONS A
SUBJECT FOR CRITICISM
Officers Displeased With Recommen
dations Made by the
President.
WASHINGTON June 7.— The death of
Captain Grkl'.ey has removed one of the
officers set down for advancement over
their seniors on account of the victory of
Manila. The promotions recommended by
the President are the subject of much talk
between naval officers. Those who diil
not participate in the battle are naturally
displeased at "being jumped" and ttiey
are pointing out the evils of the practice,
among them being the probability that
some of the very officers advanced are
likely to be in turn jumped and so prac
tically set back by some officers now on
duty with Sampson's fleet, aho may dis
tinguish themselves in battle. These offi
cers are urging that it would be only pru
dent and fair to go slowly in tne matter
of making promotions of -hi* character,
and to await until the Sfar is ended, wh"n
all the meritorious officers may be re
warded in strict accordance with their
merit.
AS AN AUXILIARY
HOSPITAL SERVICE
NEW YORK. June 7.— Secretary Al
ger has accepted the service of the
American National Red Cross as auxil
iary to the hospital service of the
army of the United States in the fol
lowing letter to Miss Clara Barton:
"Dear Madam: The tender of the
services of the American Red Cross
made to this department through the
Department of State under date of
May 25, for mec]ical and hospital work
— as auxiliary to the hospital service of
the army of the United States — is ac
cepted, all representatives and em
ployes of said organization to be sub
ject to orders, according to the rules
and discipline of war, as provided by
the sixty-third article of war."
Relations of China and Japan.
Copyrighted, 183S, by James Gordon Bennett.
CHEMULPO, Korea, June 7.— 1 am in a
position to contradict the rumors of
strained relations between Japan and
China. No further demands have been
made by Japan since the last installment
of the war indemnity was paid. No fric
tion has taken place between the repre
sentatives of the two countries.
Sugar Bounties Conference Opens.
BRUSSELS, June 7.— The international
conference on sugar bounties opened at
the Foreign Office here to-day under the
presidency of Premier P. Desmet de Nai
yer, adjourning until Friday next. The
sessions will be held in secret.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
War Prices
Are inevitable. During the last war
I some dollar medicines advanced as high
|as $1 60. To-day prudent people are
! preparing for the coming rise by laying
■in supplies of medicines and ' other
| necessities. First among medicines
comes Hood's Sarsaparilla, the great
blood purifier and health protector, then
| Hood's Pills, the best family cathartic
and liver pill. It is positive practical
economy to buy at least half a dozen
bottles of each TO-DAY.
Hood's Sa pl?f Ua
I Is America's Greatest Medicine.
SAMPSON'S
REPORT OF
THE FIGHT
hjis Ships Y^ove Silenced
fill portifications at
7 Santiago.
Twenty-Eight Thousand American
Troops to Sail for the Cuban
Port To-Day.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 7.
Admiral Sampson's cablegram an
i nouncing the silencing of the Santiago
batteries was hurriedly deciphered by
the code experts this afternoon, but not
all of it was made public. The parts
withheld relate to future operations.
When one of the naval cipher experts
appeared with a bulletin for the press
he announced in delivering his informa
tion :
"Sampson appears to have silenced
everything in Santiago except old man
Cervera, who insists that he did no ma
terial damage in the bombardment yes
terday."
The bulletin from Sampson, as read
at the department, stated that he had
silenced the fortifications of Santiago
completely. On its heels came a Ma
drid cable announcing cheerfully that
Admiral Cervera wired his Government
the damages to the batteries were "un
important."
Cervera acknowledged, how
ever, that "some damage" was
done to Morro Castle and
Socapa and to the Morro Bar
racks, and that six men on the
Reina Mercedes were killed and
seventeen wounded ; that three
officers of the land troops were
killed and one officer and seven
teen soldiers were wounded.
It appears, then, to have been a se
rious defeat for the Spaniards, although
the afternoon press reports were, as ex
pected, considerably exaggerated. There
is no doubt, however, that ths forts, if
not utterly destroyed, have been ren
dered useless, and it is not expected
there will be any further bombardment
until the main body of our troops are
landed at Santiago.
The main Santiago expedition, which
it is said will consist of 28.oootroops.will
sail early to-morrow morning. This in
formation was received to-day from
General Shafter in a telegram to the
Secretary of War. The determination to
embark the troops at once was the re
sult of President McKinley's personal
efforts. Yesterday Secretary Alger re
ceived a telegram from General Shafter
stating that the supplies and equipments
which ought to have been distribute!
days — and perhaps week? — ago were
still locked up in the freight cars which
line the railroad tracks at Tampa, and
that it was impossible, owing to lack
of invoices and bills of lading, to^know
what the cars contained.
When this information was conveyed
to the President he was extremely an
noyed and manifested a righteous im
patience, while the War Department
officials, who had been led to believe
that the troops at Tampa were in a
practical state of equipment and ready
to leave at a moment's notice, were
greatly surprised. The messages which
were sent to Tampa yesterday were brief
and to the point. They directed Gen
eral Shafter to break open the cars, if
necessary, so that the supplies might be
taken out and promptly distributed to
the men.
General Shatter's telegram
this afternoon stated thetroops
would probably reach Santiago
and be disembarked Sunday.
It will take one or two days to
g Who are nervous and weak there is help. There Is life. For those%
f who feel that strength has been foolishly wasted there is power m
§ nnd manliness. Are you weak? Hay you restless nights, bad m
* breath, foul stomach or a continual sense of being lacking in »
§ vitality? If so, ask about "Hudyan." That Is the remedio-treat- m
■ ment of the Hudsonian Institute. It restores vitality It makes ■
I men full of power. It cleanses the system, fills it with vigor and ■
I sends the warm life blood bounding through the veins in grand
I manly style. "Hudyan" has cured 20.000 men. No other system
R of treatment makes any such claim. No other system of treat-
I ment can. "Hudyan" does its work always. If you are a weak- ■
I lin X or a small man write and ask for free circulars telling you all ■
1 about Its power. It can be had on trial. And yuu can get the best
1 medical advice in the world free, too, by only asking for it. If ■
1 you have blood taint in the system ask for "30-day blood cure M
\ circulars. They are free, too. Why not have what you can get M
% for nothing? Write to or call at m
\ Hudson Medical Institute, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., S. F- #
% THAT IS THE HOME AND THE ONLY HOME OF M
ARCHITECT d. E. WOLFE, NEW WESTERN HOTFi
81 FLOOD BUILDING, pledges results en- »■«■-*▼ " tOM:K111 OU I tL,
tlrely satisfactory to every fair-minded owner j/"EARNY AND WASHINGTON STkj —RK
as to co»t, quality and otherwise In the erection i *» modeled and renovated. KING Wart-vIl
of BRICK or FRAME buildings of every char- CO. European plan. Rooms 60c t'n ti "^n . *
acter. SPECIALTIES IN FLATS, containing »to IS wwk. $8 to i» mon^h. Fr e « baths hoi
all modern comforts and niceties, to Insure and cold water every room- flre eratw in .«.
Quick renting and retain good tenants. room; elevator run« all night. ever *
unload the heavy artillery and
a day or two more to scale the
high hills around the town, but
by the middle of next week
Santiago will be in our posses
sion.
The remaining cable will be seized
and operated by our troops. It is be
lieved the prospect of early occupation
of Santiago accounts for the failure
of vessels to complete the cable cutting,
for, with the remaining cable in their
hands, our naval and military forces in
Cuba will be able to communicate with
Washington, while Blanco will be as
effectually cut off from Madrid as if
the cable were cut.
The troops destined for Porto Rico
are not yet ready to depart, and it is
impossible to say when they will be
fully equipped. ,. Every effort is being
put forward to hasten the work of se
curing supplies, but there is inevitable
delay and confusion, notwithstanding
all that the contractors can do. In
course of time, however, Porto Rico
will be taken and Santiago will be in
American possession, probably, 'before
San Juan is again bombarded.
The War Department has determined
that Governors of States shall not ap
point officers to regiments or compa
nies until the maximum numerical
strength of those commands had been
attained in the respective States. This
policy was urgently recommended by
Assistant Secretary Mciklejohn weeks
ago. If it had been followed there
would have been much less confusion
and none of the controversies which
marked the organization of the service
under the first call for troops. Politi
cal influence was constantly exerted in
favor of the acceptance of commands of
minimum strength, with the result that
while an army of 125,000 was raised it
was in such a way that the three bat
talion formation is impossible and the
list of commissioned line and staff offi
cers is out of all proportion to the en
listed force.
As a result of this it will take 42.000
men of the second call to brin^ the regi
ments and companies already in the vol
unteer service up to their requisite
strength, leaving a force of 33,000 which
will be organized strictly in accordance
with the rules which apply to the three
battalion formation.
The officials will profit by the ex
perience of the past two months and
will raise regiments and companies and
then call for the commissioning of offi
cers by the Government.
The troops at Fort -Iyer and Wash
ington barracks are jubilant over the an
nouncement that they will be sent to
the Philippines.
Orders have been issued directing
Light Battery D, Sixth Artillery, Cap
tain Alex B. Dyer, which is stationed
at the barracks at the arsenal, and Light
Battery G, Sixth Artillery, Captain Vic
tor H. Bridgman, staiioned at Fort
Myer, to proceed to San Francisco im
mediately and report to General Me»»
ritt. They will leave as soon as trans
portation has been arranged.
Both batteries are in excellent shape
and are expected to prove a valuable
addition to the force to be led by Gen
eral Merritt. The Philippine expedi
tions are being strengthened wherever
possible by the addition of trained and
experienced regulars. In this it is evi
dent that General Merritt's demand for
regulars rather than volunteers has been
complied with by the department.
In addition to the regular artillery
men ordered from this city, it is stated
at the War Department 900 regulars
have been sent from Fort McPherson
for the purpose of filling out the ranks
of the regular regiments already at
San Francisco.INSURGENTS
TRIUMPH IN
EACH BATTLE
Continued from First Pace.
miles along the water front on the
Spanish position. Men in brown skins
and a very limited amount of clothes
began to run toward the Spanish.
Glasses enabled me to see every move
of both parties better than if I had
actually landed. The rebels took ad
vantage of every point of cover, mak
ing short rushes in groups of ten and
twenty. Many of the Spaniards where
wholly out of sight inland, but their
Mauser rifle shots came skipping out
into the water in such numbers as
spoke better for the rapidity of their
fire than for its accuracy. Occasionally
a man would -•» down on the beach,
there to lie motionless for the rest of
the day or to crawl painfully to cover.
The weather unfortunately, was
comparatively cool, and the sky so
overcast that I was unable to get a
single photograph. The Spaniards
were not now doing any cheering. At
every one of their posts that I could
see they were hugging cover far more
tenaciously than were the insurgents.
Consequently their casualties were
fewer. A field piece at Baemor Church
was firing frequently trying to sweep
the beach to the westward.
At 10 minutes past 2 o'clock one of
the heavy guns of the Cavite battery
belched forth again, the shot this
time striking the water close to the
magazine. The effect on the garri
son was positively ludicrous. Twen
ty men grabbed a flagstaff about
thirty feet long, bearing a white flag,
and raised it to a standing position.
In their haste they lost control of the
pole and it fell.
A second time it had the same fate.
Then it was lifted the third time and
was carried toward a point in plain
sight of the Cavite guns. The Spanish
garrison, however, tried to escape to
ward Bacor, with all their arms and
quantities of stores that they took from
the magazine buildings, but they were
intercepted and forced to surrender.
Now the little brown men began to
swarm along the beach, forward to
Bacor Church, the only place where the
Spaniards seemed in force, except at
Old Cavite. A field piece fired a few
shots and rifle reports were frequent,
but the bullets did not come my way,
showing that the rebels were pressing
them harder from the shore side than
from the other. The insurgent flag
was raised on an arched stone building
near Old Cavlte, and another rebel
squad was seen pursuing about fifty
Spaniards along the beach. Far to the
left of the general fighting ground these
men surrendered and were marched to
ward Bacor.
Still further toward Manila a great
column of smoke arose inland, and
flames shooting to the height of 100 feet
showed that the Spaniards retreating
toward Manila had fired the town of
Las Pinas. Frequent charges were
made on their position around Bacor
Church, and I saw many more fall dead
or wounded. Rome of the latter dragged
themselves down to the water's edge
for the purpose of bathing their
wounds.
Then a savage charge was made to
ward the church. The field pieces spoke
once, twice and were silent. The rat
tle of the rifles became more rapid and
suddenly stopped without a scattering
shot to break the stillness.
No one remained on the beach ex
cept the dead and wounded Philip
pine islanders. Presently two of
wounded men staggered to their feet,
waved their hats and sank down ex
hausted, but victorious. Over the
roof of Bacor Church appeared the
rebel flag, a band of red above and
blue below, with half of a white dia
mond next the flagstaff.
AH that remained untaken wan
around Old Cavite battery. The in
surgents began firing slowly at the
old church where the Spaniards were
known to have their headquarters, and
a white flag was hoisted over the earth
works commanding the peninsula lead
ing from Cavite to the mainland.
As night and bad weather were com
ing, I reluctantly returned to the fleet
without learning the losses on both
sides or the extent of the rebel vic
tory.
In the morning, before the battle be
gan, I visited the Spanish officers who
had been captured in previous skir
mishes. I found fifteen, among whom
were the following: Commandant Ful
gencio Repazos. Lieutenants Ferragut
and Arber, all of the marine infantry:
Captain Eustaguio Soler and Lieuten
ants Pirapiere, Vagua, Jeojoc and Mos
quera, all of the Seventy-fourth Regi
ment.
The rebels treated their prisoners
with kindness and gave them excellent
quarters.
General Agulnaldo last Tuesday Is
sued three short proclamations.
The first explained that he had re
turned as dictator because the Span
lards had not carried out the promised
reforms In government.
The other two, addressed to the Phil
ippines, called on them to respect the
rights of property and observe the rules
of war, decreeing death to any one who
Hhould be guilty of murder, robbery,
nrson or assault upon women. He has
■vnrned all Spaniards and foreigners'
that persons coming Into his lines as
Spaniards will be hanged.
It Is reported In Manila that a native
regißMOt deserted to the rebels last
Saturday after killing its Spanish offi
cers; also that Colonel Pena, an artil
lery officer, sent out from Spain to
fortify Manila harbor, committed sui
cide on account of the Insufficient
means of defense provided by the Span
ish Government,
MANILA, June 1, via Hongkong,
.Juno 7.~-The influence of Agulnaldo 1b
again firmly established. Thousands
are enlisting in the rebel ranks
throughout the province. Aguinaldo
has commenced his march on Manila
from Cavite. He has arrived at the
rivtr near the Spanish outposts. Th^
Spaniards attacked the rebels in an
entrenched position at Seapole on Mon
day. May 30.
After ten hours' severe fighting
the Spaniards were forced to re
tire, with heavy losses, leaving
400 killed and wounded.
The rebels advanced and are occupy
ing both banks at Seapole. Their posi
tion is strong. The rebels are now well
armed, and they used field machine
guns with deadly effect.
The rebels, 5000 strong, engaged the
Fourth, Sixth and Eleventh Cazadores,
with several companies of the Sixty
eighth and Seventy-fourth regiments.
During the engagement the
Seventy-fourth deserted, killing
its officers and annihilating a
company of Spanish infanteria
marine, of which only twelve
survived.
On Tuesday a typhoon Increased the
! suffering of the Spanish troops, there
1 being no food supply to forward to
i them. With 3000 reinforcements the
| Spaniards are now attacking the rebel
position. There has been incessant fir-
Ing for the last two hours. The railway
from Manila to Dagupar has been cut
in eight places. Aguinnldo wrote to the !
director apologizing that it was neces
sary to stop the food supplies of Ma
nila, as he did not wish to bombard or
cause a disgraceful massacre.
At the railway station the rebels
murdered three priests, and some Span- i
iards were wounded. A lady and child i
one year old were trampled to death.
The province of Tarlac is in the
rebels' hands. Food is still fairly
cheap and plentiful, but with the rail- |
way cut and the rebels closing in sup
plies will soon stop. Admiral Dewey
allows foreign residents to embark on
steamers in the bay for safety.
In a sharp fight in the province of
Bulacan the Spaniards were outnum
bered and defeated. All the Spaniards
in the provinces are in imminent dan
ger. The Spanish losses were severe
in the last three days. It is reported
that the captain-general has ordered
the troops not to attack the rebels, but
to defend the outposts, and, if they are
untenable to retire to Manila.
MANILA, June 3, via Hongkong,
Jur.e 7. — The typhoon that came on last
Monday blew itself out before Wednes
day morning. No injury was done to
the ships. All day Wednesday there
was severe fighting on the road be
tween Cavite and Manila, the Spaniards
having sent 3000 men to relieve their
i troops in Cavite Province. A narrow
j dofile on the road was successfully held
by the insurgents with 500 men and
j four small field guns.
Early yesterday the rebels at
tacked and captured Imus, the
principal Interior town of the Ca
vlte province, taking 250 prison
ers and four or five Krupp field
guns and a large quantity of
ammunition.
About noon I crossed the bay in a na
tive canoe and went to the rebel camp
at Old Cavite, where I sought out
Brigadier General Thomas Mascado,
commanding the troops. He gave me
a guide to the front, where I found he
had wholly surrounded the solid stone
church in Old Cavite and was pre
pared to starve out the garrison. I
went to the bridge, where the rebel flag
was hoisted last Monday. I found he
had barricaded it with large stones
taken from the coping on the rebel side.
While I was taking a photograph of
this barricade and the rebels behind it
the Spaniards in the church opened fire
with Mauser rifles. As the distance
was only two hundred yards they
ought to have hit several, but they suc
ceeded in hitting only one man in the
Jaw. The firing had been caused ap
parently by the crowd around my ko
dak, for as soon as we had taken to
cover and returned the fire the Span
iards stopped.
I found the country most difficult to
traverse, except on a few roads that
penetrate it. There is a thick tropical
growth over most of the territory and
the water is covered by green slime an
inch thick. I saw many natives idling
about thatched houses in the different
villages I passed through, but all
looked underfed. The young men.
however, are enthusiastic and brave,
forming the bulk of the rebel fighting
material.
The British gunboat Swift sails for
Hongkong to-day (June 3) carrying
dispatches arid mail.
Aguinaldo's troops last night
captured San Franciscode Mala
bon, taking prisoners 500 Span
iards, the Governor of the prov
ince, a colonel of infantry and
a large numberof other officers.
The town of Bataan. on the op
posite shore in Manila Bay, was
also captured, with 100 pris
oners.
Following Is a summary of
Aguinaldo's work since his land-
Ing here two weeks ago: He has
assembled a force of 3000 men
with arms; he has fought many
skirmishes; two good batteries
have been captured; the whole
province of Cavite has been
taken; 1600 Spaniards are
prisoners; he has supplied his
men with 2000 Mauser rifles
from abroad, and 2000 maga
zine rifles and six field guns
taken from the Spaniards.
The steamer to the lake district was
fired on -esterday eight miles up the
river Paslg. The rebels hold the bank,
stopping food supplies. Rail and tele-
graphic communication with the north
ern provinces has been .t off, and
there are no adviceß.
The troops In Manila number 8000 na
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAt,L, WEDNESDAY, JUJNJS », 1898.
CERVERA TRICKED
BY A CABLEGRAM
Proof Positive Trjat trje Admiral and
All His Ships Are in Santi
ago hjarbor.
NEW YORK, June 7.— When the news of Naval
Constructor Hobson's daring exploit was received early
on Sunday morning the Herald sent a message to Ad
miral Cervera requesting him kindly to say whether the
Americans were safe and offering to convey through the
Herald any message the men might desire to send to
their friends at home. The following reply was received
to-day from the Spanish Admiral:
"SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 7.
"HERALD, New York: Prisoners no longer submit
ted to my authority, but to Lieutenant General Linares,
commander-in-chief, Santiago, Cuba. Prisoners treated
as Spanish officers same rank. All are in good health.
"CERVERA."
This is the first positive information received in this
country that Admiral Cervera is in Santiago. There
have been rumors of phantom fleets from various points
in the West Indies, and with each rumor was associated
the possibility that Cervera had escaped from the Cuban
port with part of his fleet. The message sent by the
Spanish admiral to the Herald effectually disposes of
these rumors and proves beyond doubt that Cervera, as
well as his fleet, is in the harbor of Santiago.
THREE MEN WHO WERE IN THE NAVAL BATTLE' AT MANILA
tives without the volunteers, of whom
there are 2000. Their health and spirits
are good, despite the reduced food sup
plies in the markets. This morning the
city is quiet. I consider the foreigners
here safe, except in the event of street
fighting. Some French nuns have em
barked on a steamer. The other for
eigners are still ashore.
DIFFICULTIES IN
MERKITTS PATH
Grave Problerr) Confronts the
Governor-General of the
Philippine Islands.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The press
reports of the fierce fighting that has
been going on in the Philippines, be
tween the insurgents and the Span
iards, were read with the greatest In
terest at the Navy Department, where
the officials realize the very grave na
ture of the problem that confronts Ad
miral Dewey. The naval officers say
the administrative difficulties with
which Admiral Dewey must contend are
indicative of what may be expected by
Major-General Merritt, when he
reaches the Philippines.
A complete understanding of the na
ture of the agreement that exists be
tween Admiral Dewey and Chief Agui
naldo seems to be lacking here, but
from the fact that some of the press
reports state the insurgent leader is re
ceiving the surrender of Spanish troops
and has proclaimed himself dictator pro
tempore, General Merritt's functions as
Military Governor will be very lim
ited. .
AGUINALDO WRITES
OF HIS VICTORIES
Leader of the Insurgents Says
l-je Has Two Thousand
Spanish Prisoners.
LONDON, June B.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
United States Consul Wlldman has re
ceived the following letter from Aguin
aldo, the Insurgent leader.
"Before opening an attack upon any
town I summon the Spanish officer In
command to surrender. In one case
one of the officers so summoned replied
by stating that the garrison was not
quite ready to fight, and he asked me if
I would defer the attack for three
hours. I complied.
"The first engagement we had with
the Spanish occurred on May 28, when
we captured nineteen, with their arms
and ammunition. Toward evening we
hemmed them in. One hundred and
ninety cazadores and seventy loyal na
tives participated. We lost four killed.
The Spaniards lost sixteen killed, in
cluding one officer. The result of this
engagement was that fighting became
general throughout the province of Ca
vite. After four days' fighting over
2000 Spaniards, were taken prisoners,
including many officers and General
Leopoldo Pana, Governor of Cavite,
who handed me his sword, revolver and
golden belt and a formal letter of sur
render."
An American naval captain writes as
follows:
"In my opinion the rebels have un
dergone a radical change since the ad
vent of Aguinalda The Spaniards
have. lost all during the time he has
been here, and if our people don't hurry
there won't be any Spaniards left at
the end of the fight. The American
ships have taken no part in the fight
ing. Neither boats nor men have been
landed, and reports to the contrary
are false. Dispatches from Manila say
that Aguinaldo Is doing splendid work.
On Monday of last week he routed the
Spaniards, taking 400 prisoners, among
them twenty-eight officers. On the
Wednesday following he took fifty
prisoners and four field pieces in a bat
tle at a point between Cavlte and Ma
nila, On Thursday, when this dis
patch left Manila, he had cornered 190
Spaniards In an old church at Cavite
and, not caring to bombard, he was
starving them.
"He treats his prisoners well. Four
towns are now in the possession of the
rebels. It is reported that the Gov
ernor-General wanted to surrender, but
his officers prevailed upon him to hold
out. The captain of the province of
Batanga has been taken by the insur
gents, and the Governor attempted to
commit suicide. The Governor of Mal
abar is also a prisoner. The insur
gents of the other provinces are ad
vancing on Manila."
A proclamation issued by Aguinaldo.
the Insurgent chief, points to a desire
to set up a native administration in the
Philippines under an American protec
torate. Aguinaldo, with an advisory
council, would hold the dictatorship un
til the conquest of the Islands, and then
would establish a republican assem
bly.
INCREASING THE
FORTIFICATIONS
Great Activity Among the Spaniards
at Havana, Who Expect an
Attack.
HAVANA, June 6 (delayed in trans
mission).—Work on the fortifications
about Havana is being pushed without
an hour's intermission. Even the civil
governor of Havana and all the em
ployes of the Government are at work
on the forts or batteries and all persons
out of work are finding similar employ
ment.
The cultivation zones are turning out
very successfully, and are proving a
great relief to the poor.
It is announced from the palace that a
Spanish column has defeated an insur
gent force near Palisade, in. the prov
ince of Pinar del Rio. The insurgents
are said to have left seventeen men
dead on the field. The Insurgents, it
appears, were almost naked. The Span
iards admit they lost fifteen men killed.
In a number of encounters which
have taken place recently between the
Spaniards and the insurgents the form
er claim to have killed thirty-seven of
the latter, to have destroyed several
camps and thirty-three huts and to
have captured a quantity of arms and
ammunition.
RENEWAL OF THE
RIOTS AT BELFAST
Nationalists Attack a Body of Orange
men and the Militia Is Again
Called Out.
BELFAST, June 7.— A1l was quiet here
to-day. The troops were withdrawn this
morning. During the rioting yesterday
103 policemen were injured and over 100
civilians were treated at the hospitals.
To-night there was a renewal of the
rioting that began yesterduy during the
demonstrations in honor of the revolution
of 1798 and anniversary of June <J, ISS6,
when seven civilians wore shot on Shank
Hill road by the constabulary.
The Nationalists attacked a body of
Orangemen who were leaving their work
and there was a veritable hurricane of
scrap iron and other missiles. The police
at first were overpowered, but having
been reinforced they cleared the streets
wtth a free use of their clubs.
The military has been ordered out, and
it is feared there will be a renewal of the
disturbances. ■ ■ - \
Local Electrician Dies in Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., June 7.— Maurice Wer
thelmer, an electrician, well known In San
Francisco, died here to-dajfc.
DEATH OF COMMANDER STURDY.
LIEUTENANT-COMMANDER E. W. STURDY.
KEY WEST, June 7.— The United States collier Pompey, formerly the
British steamer Harlech, arrived here to-day from Norfolk. Va., with her
commander, Lieutenant E. W. Sturdy, dead on board, and Lieutenant K. C.
Norton in charge of the ship. Commander Sturdy was not feeling well
when the Pompey sailed on Friday evening. He was taken sick off Cape
Henry, soon afterward became unconscious, and died yesterday. There was
no physician on board.
Lieutenant Commander Edwin W. Sturdy was a native of Massachusetts.
He entered the naval academy in 1863, and on graduation in 1867 he was as
signed for duty to the Minnesota. In 1868-70 he served on the Pensacola
on this coast and some years later on the Baltimore. He was promoted to
lieutenant commander in 1892. At the outbreak of hostilities he was at
tached to the receiving ship Wabash at Boston, from which he was as
signed to the command of the Pompey, a collier.
Lieutenant-Commander Sturdy was and then played a dirge, leading the
buried to-day with military honors, procession to the cemetery.
The services were held in the Methodist The coffin was borne by blue jackets,
church, in front of which 215 marines, and the pall-bearers were high naval
including a bugle and drum corps, were officers. The grave is close to the
drawn up. They presented arms when cemetery gate and near the graves of
the body was brought from the church, the victims of the Maine disaster.
SUNK BY
SAMPSON'S
WARSHIPS
Torpedo - Boat Destroyer
Terror Sent to the
Bottom.
Detected While Trying to I^un Into
the hjarbor of Santiago
at Night.
ON BOARD the Herald-Call dis
patch boat Somers N. Smith, of! Port
Antonio, via Kingston, Jamaica, June
7. — Under a terrific fire by the whole
American fleet, a Spanish toroedo boat
destroyer, supposed to be the Terror,
was shattered and sunk as she was trying
to sneak into Santiago harbor last
night. Her destruction was accom
plished in a few minutes, so terrible was
the fusillade from the American ships.
The torpedo boat destroyer was dis
covered by lookouts on the battle-ship
CHAOS IN
SAN DOMINGO
Wild Rumors Current at
Cape Haytien.
HEUREAUX'S FATE IN DOUBT
SAID TO HAVE BEEN CAPTURED
AND SHOT.
New Uprising Led by the Lieutenant-
Commander at Monte Cristi.
How Jiminez Made Jiis
Escape.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPE HAYTIEN, June 7.— The Do
minican warships Restauracion and In
dependencia arrived here at 6 o'clock
this evening, having on board, it is un
derstood, the prisoners taken in the re
cent revolutionary attempt headed by
Jiminez and Morales. Commodore Jan
sen landed to receive the report of the
Dominican Consul on the illegal ship
ment of the men from this point by the
two leaders to participate in the land
ing at Monte Cristi.
The warships left Monte Cristi at 11
o'clock this morning. A rumor is cur
rent here that after they left President
Heureaux was made a prisoner in a new
uprising and was shot. The report has
it that Joaquin Taveras, lieutenant
commander at Monte Cristi under Gov
ernor Gallto, led the new movement.
The story is not believed here, although
no explicit reply is forthcoming from
Monte Cristi to cabled Inquiries. It ap
Texas. Ju?t as the Herald-Call dispatch
boat was about to leave Rear-Admiral
Sampson's fleet to carry news of the
Santiago bombardment the Terror cama
within range of the Texas' searchlights.
Immediately there was a call to quar
ters. The Texas gave the signal to the
whole fleet, which at once flashed their
searchlights on the enemy and began
a terrific cannonading.
The Termr was sunk in a very short
time. I was unable to learn whether
any of her crew was saved.
pears that General Jiminez was trans
ferred from the Fanita, on which he
escaped from Monte Crlsti, to another
steamer before landing at Great Ina
gua, and It is reported he was released
on $1000 ball. The Fanita did not ven
ture within the jurisdiction of the
island authorities on her return voyage.
DANGERS FACED BY
HOBSON AND MEN
i Many Big Guns Passed by the Mer
rimac on the Way to
Destruction.
WITH THE FLEET OFF SANTI
AGO DE CUBA, June 3, via Kingston,
Jamaica, June 7.— To appreciate the
great danger of the Merrimac expedi
tion, the character of the defenses of
the harbor of Santiago de Cuba must
be known. The entrance to the broad
and deep harbor on which the city faces
jis by a narrow channel about a mile
: long and each side guarded by a hill
j standing almost perpendicularly to a
I height of 180 feet. At one point the
J neck of this approach is less than 300
j feet wide and only five and a half fath
| oms deep, so that to enter ships must
: go in one at a time.
On a hill on the eastern side of the
[ harbor is Morro Castle, with five 24
pounders, five 18-pounders and two
modern rapid fire guns. On the west-
I crn hilltop are two batteries with mod
' crn guns. At the base of J^orro Castle
are several guns loaded with shrapnel,
designed to sweep the face of the water,
and opposite is a similar battery. Going
around the first curve of the narrow en
trance, Cayo Smith, an island, is found
facing down the harbor with a battery
I of modern gxins.
In the narrow nock of the passage
are three rows of mines, each row fifty
feet apart, and the mines, sixteen in a
row, each six feet apart. The Reina
Mercedes lies in the shadow of Cayo
Smith, partly dismantled, but having
her four torpedo tubes loaded and fac
ing down the channel. About half way
up the channel, on the eastern bank. Is
i the Estrella battery, with several small
smooth-bore guns, and this waa the
menacing hole of death into which
Lieutenant Hobson and his men ven
tured with the Merrimac.
34
LUCK WENT
HAND IN HIND
WITH VALOR
Continued from First Page.
In tent and forecastle more than thirty
years ago. But the greatest joy was
aroused when, at the end of the con
cert, "The Star Spangled Banner" was
played and sung, arousing the enthu
siasm of all hands forward nnd aft.
Drills were incessant and these in
cluded everything pertaining to the
management of a battery in action and
to the day and night signal practice.
When the Island of Luzon was sight
ed, final battle preparations were made.
The ships were cleared for action. All
unnecessary material was thrown over
board, splinter nets were rigged and the
ships put into complete fighting trim
above and below.
Off Subig Bar the Boston and Con
cord were sent ahead to reconnoiter,
and later the Baltimore Joined them,
but the quest was in vain, for nothing
was found in this inlet except a few
small craft. When these ships rejoined
the other vessels Commodore Dewey
called a council of war, and as soon as
the commanding officers returned to
their ships it leaked out that the Com
modore had told his companions of his
intention to enter Manila Kay that
night, basing this proposed anchorage
on his certainty that the Spaniards,
with their fatal policy of delay, would
not expect him.
The speed of the squadron was soon
increased to eight knots, and, with all
lights doused, the ships draw quickly
under the land. The entrance was made
through the chief channel — Boca
Grande it is called— and it was not until
after the vessels had parsed the nar
rowest part of this channel that a shot
greeted them. A few signal rockets
had been seen previously, but neither
mine nor gun had been fired.
Shortly after 11 o'clock, however, the
sound of heavy guns and the shriek of
shot far overhead Bhowed that the nap
ping foe had been awakened and that
the first hostile shot of the war in tho
far east had been fired.
The Raleigh, which was third in line,
returned a shot from one of her 5-inch
guns, and almost at the same time the
Boston followed her. Then came an
other shot from the battery on Corregi
dor, but high over head, and the Con
cord in answer laid a 6-lnch shell so
squarely over the place whence this gun
had been fired that the fleet felt certain
Something must have been hit. At any
rate it stopped the fire. We learned
afterward that it had been most ef
fective.
The speed was now reduced to below
three knots, as the commodore desired
to reach Manila at the earliest dawn
and to give his men some rest before
the stout work laid out for them was
to be taken up.
When day broke at half-past 4 o'clock
the ships wore about six miles from
town. As they slipped along in the
shadows they discovered first a group
of merchant ships, and then, dimly
ranged under Cavite, the Spanish
squadron.
Our vessels steamed up the roads in
columns, the flagship leading, followed
by the Baltimore, Raleigh. Petrel, Con
cord and Boston, in the order named.
The American squadron first passed
to the north of Manila, and then shaped
a southerly course toward the bay of
Cavite, where the surprised and
startled vessels of the enemy were
massed. The senior Spanish officer was
Rear -Admiral Montijo Pasaron, and
his flagship was the Reina Crlstina,
Captain Cadarzo, who was killed in the
engagement.
The other vessels were the Castllla,
Isla de Cuba, Isla de Luzon, Don An
tonio de Ulloa, Don Juan de Austria,
General Lezo and Marques del Duoro.
The Velasco was also at anchor under
going repairs but her battery had been
removed and mounted on earthworks
on shore.
In addition to all this were the trans
ports Manila and Isla de Mindanao, one
of which was captured and the other
destroyed, and four torpedo boats, two
of which were sunk during the action.
Though inferior in strength to our
6hips the vessels were superior when
supported by the heavy shore batteries,
and the gunners, knowing at all times
the exact distance of our ships, had all
the elements of accurate gunnery on
their side.
Commodore Dewey k<-pt his ships
constantly moving and in all made the
circuit five times in front of the enemy.
As Been from the Olympla it did not
appear possible that our ships could
have escaped without serious damage
in material and great loss of life, for
the shells burst close around all the
ships of our squadron. Although we
knew that the flagship had escaped it
did not seem reasonable to hope that
the other vessels had enjoyed an equal
fortune.
In the beginning of the action I at
tempted to count the number of shells
which came across our bow or burst
near us, but this soon became tiresome
and, indeed, impossible woTk, for one
can rarely catch sight of a shell com
ing straight or nearly end on until It
has passed him.
And so the fight went on, every mo
ment adding to the certainty of our
victory, and every circuit past the
Spanish fleet developing more and more
'lie weakness of their fire and their
want, not of courage, but of skill and
'-.111.
After we drew off, In order to give
the men a chance for breakfast and a
little rest, enthusiastic congratulations
passed from ship to ship and every
body got ready for the final encounter.
Finally the signal was made to go in
a second time, the Baltimore in the
lead, and as she shot like an unleashed
gTeyhound for her quarry the cheers
tha* went up from the Olympia' s crew
were surpassed only by those given the
Petrel, the "little battle-ship," as they
call her now, when she dashed into the
inner harbor and fought to a finish the
vessels that were still afloat.
The affair began at 5 o'clock in the
morning and was finished at half-past
12, and as the bugler sang "cease fir
ing" and the boatswain's whistlers
trilled "pipe down" not a Spanish flag
was afloat, while the flag of surrender
had taken its place over the battered
walls of Cavlte's arsenal.
The day after the action the cable to
Hongkong was cut by the steamer Za
firo because the Spanish Governor had
forbidden the operators to send any of
our messages, and on Tuesday six bat
teries at the entrance of the bay were
seized by the Baltimore and Raleigh.
In the meantime our force had taken
possession of Cavite, had transferred to
Manila the Spanish wounded and had
buried the Spanish dead.
NOTHING COULD
HAVE WITHSTOOD
DEWEY'S ATTACK
Chief Gunner Evans Says the
Americans Fought LiKe
Veritable Demons.
The heart of the nation and the ad
miration of the world have been stirred
by the story of Manila. It has been
told often. The bravery of the Ameri
can commander, his defiance of the
guns of the enemy, his assurance that
against the pluck of his men nothing
could stand, has passed into history, so
rapidly has history been made since the
day Commodore Dewey — now, by virtue
of merit, Admiral Dewey— was told to
capture or destroy the Spanish fleet in
the Philippines. How courageously he
undertook the task, how he carried it
through, has become as a tale that is
told.
But yesterday the Belgic from the
far-away Asiatic station steamed in at
the Golden Gate. On board of her were
men who had been part of Dewey's
force, men who had been on the ships
which passed the guns of Cavite that
morning of the Ist of May, who had
stood by the thundering cannon when
they had said to the Spanish that noth
ing but death or defeat awaited them.
The arrival of these men renewed in
terest in the grand and unequaled feat
of Dewey. The incidents imperfectly
conveyed by cable they have at thfir
tongue's end. And yet they tell these
as if they had had no part In the glori
ous event which gave America a place
among nations such as ahe had never
before occupied.
One of these men is Joel C. Evans.
He was chief gunner on the Boston,
and though his time of sea service had
expired he managed to stay with his
ship. He knew that a battle was im
pending and he wished to be in it.
Evans is the most modest of mortals.
Upon his garments is no smell of fire,
and yet he was on duty all the time the
squadron passed before the forts of
Cavite, beyond to the point at which
the Spanish lay at anchor, and saw the
ships of Castile sent to the bottom or
given to the flames, which in some in
stances raged for days before the
charred hulk sank beneath the waters.
"Was anybody scared as the ships
approached Manila?" Mr. Evans was
asked as he meditatively smoked a
cigar.
"Well," he responded, "there was one
man who seemed to think of danger.
He was an old man whose term of serv
ice had nearly expired. As we got near
Manila, where we had every reason to
believe we would not be welcome, he
seemed to be scared. But, bless you, the
minute the real business began he had
not a thought of fear. He was too
busy. I do not deny that I felt a bit
shaky myself, but the feeling passed
away.
"Of course," continued Mr. Evans,
"the whole thing has been related.
Your man Stickney was by Dewey on
the bridge of the Olympia, and as cool
as a cucumber. He would take notes
in the thickest of the fight, or a snap
shot when there was a good oppor
tunity. His coolness was like that of
the men of the whole fleet. They were
all eager to defeat the enemy, and yet
some of the men in their anxiety to see
the fight had to be recalled to attention
to their duties. They wanted to look
out and see how things were progress
ing. There was not one among them
who manifested a disposition to shirk.
The work they had was terrific. They
toiled in an atmosphere which was well
nigh unendurable, and kept at their
posts until they fell from exhaustion.
"The whole affair was remarkable.
During the engagement the flagship
hoisted many signals, and for all the
smoke and excitement there was not
one of the signals but what was read
and obeyed. Our first engagement was
in the early morning, and when we
withdrew and the signals flashed from
ship to ship that not a man had been
killed there was a cheer that was an
inspiration. When the engagement was
renewed the men went into it with a
spirit simply invincible. Nothing could
have withstood them. They had the
confidence of veterans and the enthu
siasm of patriots.
"How many of the Spanish were
killed will never be known. That they
fought bravely, nobody who was there
will deny. I have a particular admira
tion for the captain and crew of the
San Juan de Ulloa. This ship simply
would not surrender. The carnage on
board of her, as on some of the other
ships, must have be<m dreadful, but her
colors were flying to the last and her
guns boomed as long as they were
above water. She went down with
every flag streaming, although shot to
pieces and her decks strewn with dead.
"There were many narrow escapes;
this was inevitable. One shell pene
trated the Baltimore, cut through sev
eral partitions, struck th£ inside of a
shield, which forms the segment of a
circle, scored it from side to side and
then failed to explode. It will be kept
as a relic of the battle.
"I do not pretend to say why the
Spanish did not hit us. for the shells
were flying all about. They cannot
shoot, that Is certain, for. Including the
forts and the ships, they had more guns
than we had.
"On the Boston were elghtepn Chinese
servants. They had bo»n accustomed
to no harder work than making beds or
waiting at the table, and yet during
the engagement they manned the
"whips' and worked until tholr hands
were raw, and after th*» excitement
was over went about their regular rou
tine as if nothing had happened. One
of them said to m*»: 'If I can't land In
America now. I'll write t o President
McKlnley about it." I told him. as I
looked at his bleeding hands, that I
thought he ought to be allowed to
land."
Many incidents did Fvans tell of the
fight— the stealthy approach to the
harbor, the passing of the silent forts^
each expected momentarily to belch
forth its leaden protest, the steady, on
ward sweep of the squadron, the futile
but courageous resistance of the Span
ish fleet. He paid a high tribute to
Captain Gridley of the Olympia. whose
body Is now on the sea. coming back to
the land of the captain's birth and of
his affection.
♦'Gridley," he said, "was sick and not.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1395.
SPAIN COMPLAINS
OF YANKEE TACTICS.
MADRID, June 7. — Duke Almodevar de Rio,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has mailed to all the Em
bassadors of Spain a note and memorandum declar
ing the United States has violated international law
by capturing Spanish vessels before a declaration of
war, by bombarding ports without notification and
using the Spanish flag at Guantanamo.
fit for duty, but he could not be kept
away from it. He fought his ship
brilliantly, but the strain, the excite
ment, and above all the tremendous
concussion of the guns was too much
for him in his weakened condition. He
died as truly a martyr to his country
as though struck by one of the shells
singing all around him."
He told of one youngster on the
Boston who had the knack of lettering,
and on every gun and magazine, wher
ever there was space, this youth had
chalked, "Remember the Maine."
"And," said Evans, "the boys re
membered the Maine."
Admiral Montijo, the gunner re
garded as a brave man. He related
that the admiral did not desire to go
back to Manila. He was offered the
hospitality of the flagship, but, draw
ing himself up proudly, said he could
not accept shelter on a ship flying the
American flag.
"Then," said Lambertson, chief of
staff, "you will have to go back to Ma
nila. We cannot haul down the Amer
ican flag for you."
And the admiral went.
Later the house of the admiral was
visited. On the porch was the break
fast table set, coffee cold in the pot,
boiled eggs waiting, and through the
house the scars left by four shells. In
one of the rooms somebody had been
killed or injured, for there was blood on
the walls.
Mr. Evans revealed a fact nnt gener
ally known In relation to the Governor
General who Issued the proclamation
which made him the laughing stock of
the world. The Governor simply fled,
lip put affairs into the hands of a com
mission and took to the woods. He was
sure the Americans could not fight —
that they came with undisciplined
crews and Incompetent commanders —
but all the same he had gone away
upon their approach. He was less a
fool than his proclamation would seem
to Indicate.
The sea term of Mr. Evans Is over.
He is now on his way East and hardly
knows what to expect, but to be or
dered aboard some Atlantic ship would
not startle him and he would like to be
under Schley, with whom he was in the
Arctic and in whom he has the great
est confidence. But wherever he may
go he will not forget Manila, where the
cannon grew hc«t and the shells whis
tled and the men staid by their guns
until they fell, fainting: where civili
zation shot its way into the Orient, and
the stars and stripes were unfurled and
their mastery for the first time ac
knowledged.
MEN WHO FOUGHT
WITH DEWEY TELL
OF HIS VICTORY
American Seamen Behaved as
on Dress Parade While De
stroying Spain's Fleet.
The Occidental and Oriental Com
pany s Belglc arrived from Hongkong
via Yokohama and Honolulu yesterday
with three Important personages
aboard. They are Dr. C. P. Kindle
berger, U. S. N., surgeon on the cruiser
Olympia; Colonel C. A. Loud, pay
master on the dispatch boat Hugh Mc-
Culloch, and J. C. Evans, gunner on
the cruiser Boston. These gentlemen
were eye-witnesses of the great naval
battle in Manila Bay. Their story of
the combat bears out In every detail
the graphic account cabled to The Call
by its special correspondent, Lieutenant
J. L. Stickney, who was on Admiral
Dewey's flagship during the fight.
Speaking of Lieutenant Stickney Dr.
Kindleberger said yesterday:
"One of the coolest men in the en
tire fleet was J. L. Stickney, the cor
respondent of The Call-Herald. He
' stood on the bridge with Commodore
Dewey throughout the entire action
1 and he was the only correspondent
j who witnessed the battle."
In describing the battle of Manila
Colonel Loud said:
"At one time I really thought -we
would be beaten. This was after the
I fire had been kept up for an hour. It
I looked like every gun on the Spanish
ships had turned loose on us all to
gether, and the shore line was a veri
table blaze of fire from the batteries.
j The din was simply indescribable. Tons
upon tons of shot fell over our ships.
Yes, there was steel enough to have
sunk our entire fleet.
"Our salvation was in the bad marks
manship of the Spaniards. They
handled their r^ces like boys. Nearly
all of their shot went wide of the mark.
Most were high, flying over the fleet
I and failine into the bay beyond. Some
I of the batteries, however, were better
j trained. Several guns maintained a
raking fire on the fleet. Nearly all of
our ships were struck by both large and
I small shut, but no damage of conse
quence was done.
"The report you had that a solid
shot entered the engine-room of the
Baltimore is erroneous. This shot
crossed the deck from the port side,
Ftruck in an open turret, was turned
back and passed out on the same side
again. No damage was done to the
vessel, and the two or three men hurt
at the time were merely scratched or
starred by flying splinters.
"The only man really hurt in the
fight was a seaman who accidentally
sustained a broken leg. This was par
tially catised by the Spanish fire, but
mostly by his own carelessness. Lie\i
tenant Kellogg was merely scratched.
He never left his post, and was all
right again in a few minutes. Of the
other six men reported injured, none
received more than flesh scratches.
"When the troops arrive from Stin
Francisco, .Commodore Dewey will de
mand the immediate surrender of the
city and the troops stationed there.
If a refusal is given, fire will at once
be opened from the warships and for
cible possession will be taken at once.
There Will be no difficulty in holding
Mj'.iiila and the Philippines. Complete
subjugation of the Spanish fortes in
the group will be accomplished without
trouble and with very little danger to
American life." t
Dr. Kindleberger gives a graphic ac
count of the fight. He was on the
Olympia through it all. In the first
assault, the flagship took the lead, the
other vessels following In her wake at
four ships' length. The Spanish fleet
was approached by laps, each turn
bringing the contestants nearer to
gether. By this plan the American
vessels frequently poured broadsides
into the enemy but were themselves
more exposed to the fire.
"At one time the smoke became bo
i .dense thai it was necessary U> draw
aside, allowing the cloud to lift," said
Dr. Kindleberger. "The vessels were
examint?d, and it was discovered that
they had sustained no damage. Break
fast was served to the men, and in a
few minutes they re-entered the fight
with the greatest enthusiasm. The
second fight was even more severe than
the first. It was in that the Baltimore
was struck.
"During the first fight the Spanish
admiral's ship steamed bravely out of
the line to meet the Olympia. The
entire American fleet concentrated fire
on her and she was so badly injured
that she turned around to put back.
At this juncture the Olympia let fly
an 8-inch shell which struck her stern
and pierced through almost her en
tire length, eaplodingfinally in the en
gine-room, wrecking her machinery.
This shell killed the captain and sixty
men and set the vessel on fire.
"The Spanish admiral immediately
transferred his flag to the cruiser Isla
de Cuba. Several smaller vessels of
the American fleet, led by the Boston,
centered their fire on this ship and lit
erally tore her to pieces. The admiral
was slightly wounded and escaped in a
small boat Into Bakor Bay and finally
to Manila.
'In the heat of the fight two tor
pedo-boats moved out to attack the
cnn y were allow ed to come within
800 yards, when a fusillade from the
Olympia sent one to the bottom with
all on board, and riddled the other. The
second boat was later found turned up
on the beach covered with blood.
"In the second fight the Baltimore
was sent to silence the fort at Cavite.
She plunged into a cloud of smoke,
and opened all her batteries on the
fortifications. In a very few minutes
a shell struck in the ammunition and
the fort blew up with a deafening
roar. The work/of the Baltimore was
glorious. After the principal ships
had been destroyed the Concord Ra
leigh and Petrel, being of light draught,
were sent close in to handle the re
maining vessels of the fleet. They made
quick work of them.
"Several tugs and a large number of
launches and small boats were cap
tured. The vessels destroyed were three
cruisers, eight gunbo-ats and two tor
pedo vessels. The series of fortifica
tions at Cavite. neighboring arsenal
\ind the fort on Couegider Island .it the
head of the bay were captured. In
taking possession of the land forts sev
eral hundred wounded Spaniards fell
into the hands of the Americans and
nearly two hundred were accounted for
on the spot. Holes In which numbers
had been hastily buried were found.
The dead were returned to relatives, as
far as this could be done, and the
wounded were cared for in the best
manner by the American surgeons.
"The Spanish loss footed up 400 killed
and 600 wounded and a property loss
of anywhere from $8,000,000 to" $10 -
000,000.
"The day of the fight was clear and
hot. Not a breath of air was stirring.
After the first battle the Americans
were greatly fagged by the heat and
the rest and breakfast allowed them
by the commodore was of inestimable
benefit. While the men were having
breakfast a conference of all the offi
cers was held on board the Olympia,
when the plans of tiie second battle
were made known by the commodore.
"Several shots struck the Olympia,
and she was pierced a number of
times. One shell struck the side of
the ehlp agaima the hospital ward.
The chaplain and nurses were watch
ing the fight through a port a few
inches away and were stunned by the
concussion.
"Gunner Evans of the Boston was
one of the men who sent the Spanish
ships down to Davy Jones' locker. He
directed the fire of one of the big guns
on the cruiser. As such officer he was
at all times greatly exposed, but did not
receive a shot. Not a man on the Bos
ton received a scratch.
"Mr. Evans states that throughout the
battle the fighting force of the Boston,
and, in fact, all of the ships, were as
cool as if on a May-day pleasure
cruise.
"In all the Olympia was hit thirteen
times. The Boston was struck by a
shot which set one of the officer's rooms
on fire. The Boston had a ricochet shell
fall on her deck but it was spent and
did no damage. The Petrel and Con
cord were not hit."
The following details of the battle
were given by one of the officers who
was in the engagement:
"Including four small gunboats there
were about fourteen Spanish vessels al
together drawn up in line backed and
flanked by the batteries of Cavite,
which are heavily mounted, the ord
nance including several 10-inch guns.
The Spaniards gave us a warm recep
tion, and we soon found out that the
Don Antonio d'Ulloa and the Reina
Cristina (the Hagship) carried much
heavier guns than we thought. They,
however, did but little execution, while
the broadsides poured in by our vessels
as they, headed by the Olympia,
steamed across the mouth of the har
bor, soon made n.n impression. We first
fired the port battery, and then came
round and fired the starboard battery,
repeating this operation four or five
times.
"The second time we came round the
Spanish admiral came out in the Reina
f.'risiina and gallantly assailed us. We
received him warmly, and I don't know
how in the world he e3caped with his
life. While the old admiral was stand
ing on the bridge a shot from one of
our vessels blew the bridge clean over,
but the admiral somehow escaped, for
we saw him afterward calmly pacing
the dock. Finding he could do no good
he turned to cet baclf into the harbor,
but before he could take shelter an
eiKht-inch shell from the Boston struck
his vessel on the stern and set her on
fire. Later on she sank with some 200
men. The admiral was among those
who escaped. The Cnstile was the next
to tnke fire and the Don Antonio d'Ulloa
followed.
"When the attack was resumed at 11
o'clock we Erected our attention to the
batteries, the Spnnish fleet having been
practically annihilated. The Baltimore
took the lead. She had orders to attack
the shore batt ri^s and she went and
did the cheekiest thing of the wholo
day. The batteries were mounted with
10-inch guns, a shot from one of which
would, if it had struck her, have blown
the Baltimore into atoms. The vessel,
however, to the admiration of the whole
fleet, went in full speed until she got
close undc- the batteries. Then sho
swims roun.l and let them have it with
a vengeance. T t was wonderful to see
her gallantly sail in the teeth of the
guns and siK .. cc them.
"Not only the fleet but all the de
fenses of any importance had by this
time been destroyed. I shall not soon
forget the sight which the harbor then
presented. The smoking hulks of the
Spanish vessels whith had not yet sunk
were seen to be strewn with corpses
and wounded men, and bodies floated
about In the water. I should think the
Spanish lost about 1000 men killed and
vounded while on our side not a man
.vas lost and only one seriously
mounded.
"The hauling down of the Spanish
,lag at about 12:15 was received with
;reat cheering by our fleet. In the
evening the Hugh McCulloch anchored,
right under the guns of the battery af
Cavlte.
• "Ye?, it was rather a risky business;
but, you see, the commodore had inti
mated to the Spaniards that if they
tired a single shot he would lay the
whole city in ashes, a threat which had
the desired effect. The inhabitants
seemed to have got it into their heads
that when we got in we should kill
everybody, an( j i j n consequence, when a
boat's crew from the Petrel went
ashore to see if they would surrender
they were met by a large procession,
headed by a large cross and composed
of priests, sisters of mercy, etc., who
begged of them to leave the wounded
in the hospital alone. Of course, they
were soon reassured on that point. As
a matter of fact, we treated them in
the best possible manner, and offered
them every aid in my power. We got
every little tugboat we could find in the
bay and sent some 200 wounded to
Manila.
"This had a great effect upon the in
habitants. One of them seemed to be
so much impressed by it that he said:
When you go out take the narrow
channel, as the broad one is full of
mines, while that is free. I would not
tell you this ordinarily, but you have
behaved so well that I thought I would
warn you.' We subsequently found
that this solicitude for our safety was
not sincere, the narrow channel being
discovered, before any harm was done,
to be full of mines.
"Throughout the battle the Spaniards
showed that they were not deficient in
bravery. The only reason so little
harm was done to us was that they
fired wide. Had they been better
trained a much different tale would
have been told."
In speaking about the capture of Ma
nila the Hongkong Press says:
"Replies to Admiral Dewey's dis
patches having been received, the Hugh
McCulloch left the harbor shortly after
2 o'clock yesterday afternoon for Ma
nila, she being seen off by Consul-Gen
eral Wildman, Commodore Holland
and Harbor Master Rumsey. Had the
replies not been received within twen
ty-four hours of her arrival the dis
patch-boat would have had to await
them in other waters. The admiral
having destroyed the Spanish fleet ask
ed for further instructions as to his fu
ture actions, particularly as regards
Manila. The admiral did not wish to
take Over this great city on his own
responsibility, seeing that the rebels
have stopped the supplies. Cavlte is
in a similar position, provisions being
so scarce there that even those at the
hospital had been plundered, and in con
sequence when in possession of the city
the Americans themselves landed food
for the Spanish wounded. When the
admirol offered to pay for the coal
which he shipped at Cavite he was
thanked for doing so, but was informed
that provisions would be more accept
able than money, but of course he could
hardly see his way to acting upon this
suggestion. The instructions which
came to hand yesterday give him a
free hand to take what course he thinks
fit. He is thus placed in a very deli
cate position."
NEW PLAN OF
ORGANIZATION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Adjutant-
General Corbln announced to-night
that he would not make public the ap
portionment of the volunteer troops
among the States under the second call
of the President. The enlistment of the
75,000 men called for will proceed, as
heretofore announced, precisely as' en
listments are made for the regular
army. The Governors of States are
notified by the department how many
men are to be enlisted in their States
under the second call and how the en
listments will be made, but this infor
mation will not be given to the public
by the War Department.
It is expected that the enlistment of
troops wil proceed more smoothly than
it would if the quota of each State was
made public at this time. A majority
of the men enlisted will be sent at once
to the permanent camps to fill regi
ments that are incomplete, the men be
ing assigned, of course, to regiments
which belong to their localities.
Under the second call each State is
called upon to furnish a specified num
ber of men, not a specified number of
companies, battalion or degimental or
ganizations. After a State has filled
its quota the men unassigned to regi
ments already in the service will be
organized into new regiments, the Gov
ernors commissioning the officers who
are to command them.
OGDEN, June 7.— The Fifty-first regi
ment of lowa volunteers have been in
Ogden all day. The regiment is under
command of Colenel John C. Loper and
is 985 strong. Twelve companies are
without the full quota, but are loeing
rapidly recruited.
LOS ANGELES, June 7.— At the sug
gestion of Mr. Callaghan Byrne of San
Francisco, a plan is being formed to
hay« an excursion to San Francisco
from Southern California on the day
the Seventh Regiment, which consists
of Southern California men, leaves for
the Philippines. Reduced rates on the
railroad will be asked for, and it is ex
pected fully 10C0 friends of the soldiers
would go.
NEW YORK, June 7. — The equip
ment of the Astor Mountain Battery
was made ready for transportation
west, en route to the Philippines, to
day. The War Department's order to
Lieutenant March to hold his command
in readiness was received to-day, and
the summons to get ready was issued
forthwith.
Lieutenant March said that unless
the unforeseen occurs the start will be
made to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock.
On the way he will stop at St. Louis,
where it is said mules for the battery
for conveying purposes have been pur
chaspd.
MOBILE, June 7.— The headquarters
of the Fourth army corps has been
cha.nged from this city to Tnmr>a.
General Coppinger is already there,
and to-day the officers of the corps
were ordered thither. Brigadier Gen
eral Lloyd Wheatu-n is left in command
here.
NOMINATED FOR CONGBESS.
HUTCHINBON, Kan., June 7.--Con
gressman Jerry Simpson, who was re
cently rL-nomiiiated fur Congress by the
Populists, received the indorsement .here
to-day of the Democratic Congressional
Convention for the Seventh Kansas Dis
trict. The convention also indorsed the
administration of Governor Leedy, Popu
list, ami all the talk wus for fusion in
tin- coming State election.
SMITH CENTER, K;ins., June B.— The
Populist Congressional convention for the
Sixth Kansas District, helrl here to-day,
renominated N. B. McCormlck.
MONTGOMERY , Ala.. June 7.-The
Republican State convention assembled
hero at noon to-day. About 200 delegates
largely negroes, were present. State
Chairman Vaughn called the convention
to order, naming H. V. Cashin as tempor
ary chairman and Ben de Lemos as secre
tary.
There are contests from fifteen counties
before the body. After appointing a com
mn tee on credentials the convention ad
journed until 4 p. m.
PXTTSBURO, June 7.-The Twenty-sec
ond Congressional District Republican
Convention met here to-day and renomi
nated John Dalzell. In the Twenty-third
district William A. Graham was> nominat
ed to succeed WHliam A. Stone, recently
for Governor of Pennsylvania,
STEAMSHIP
CENTENNIAL
CONDEMNED
Unfit for the Transportation
of Troops to the Phil
> ippines.
Senator, Queen, Puebla, Indiana
and Morgan City Chartered.
Six Northern Pacific Ves
sels Are Promised.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Assistant
Secretary of War Meiklejohn is rapidly
shaping the question of ships for trans
portation of troops to the Philippines.
It was definitely decided to-night that
the steamship Centennial will not be
one of the fleet, as she has been found
unseaworthy. Acting on the reports of
the vessel's condition, Mr. Meiklejohn
directed that she be thoroughly exam
ined, and to-night he received a tele
gram from General Merritt stating that
Lieutenant Lopez and Naval Con
structor Snow had examined the ves
sel and reported that she is not now in
a seaworthy condition and should not
be permitted to sail.
Acting upon this information, Mr.
Meiklejohn immediately telegraphed
Peter Larsen of Seattle, owner of the
vessel, that his charter for the Govern
ment had been canceled. It is prob
able that the War Department will im
press into Government service the
steamships Senator, City of Puebla and
Queen of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company. Assistant Secretary Meik'
lejohn to-day telegraphed General Mer
ritt to have these vessels inspected with
a view to their use as troop ships, and
if found suitable, to impress them into
service.
In addition to these vessels, the War
Department has in view several ships
of the Northern Pacific Steamship
Company. This is a British corpora
tion, and the vessels are the Arizona,
Victoria, Tacoma, Columbia and Olym
pia.
Mr. Meiklejohn this evening received
a telegram from the company, stating
that these vessels would be chartered
to the Government on condition of re
ceiving American registry at practical
ly the prices the War Department had
PI NEW YORK, June 7.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn is
persistent in his efforts toward getting
troops off for Manila. He told me to
REPUBLICAN
PLURALITIES
Result of the Elections
in Oregon.
FUSIONISTS BADLY BEATEN
AN AVALANCHE THBOUGHOUI
THE STATE.
Governor, Congressmen and Legisla
tors Win Easily on the Ticket
of the Grand Old
Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., June 7.— Practically
complete returns from twenty-five out of
thirty-two counties of the State give the
following returns:
For Governor— Geer (K.). 35,648; King
(F.), 28,078; Gear's plurality, 7570.
For Congressman, First District —
Tongue (R.). 18.874; Veatch (F.), 16,985;
Tongue's plurality, ISB9.
Second District— Moody, Republican, 15,
337; Donaldson, Fusionlst, 10,724; Moody's
plurality, 4613. Geers' plurality for Gov
ernor will be increased by the complete
returns. „ ,
The Legislature will stand as follows:
Senate— Republicans, 24; opposition, 6.
House— Republicans, 44; opposition, 16.
Joint ballot— Republicans, 68; opposition,
22.
Only about half the vote in the city of
Portland was counted up to 9 o'clock to
night. W. S. Mason, Republican nominee
for Mayor, has a plurality of 1800, and
when the complete county is in his major
ity will probably be 2500.
Joseph Simon, Republican nominee for
State Senator In Multnomah County, has
a plurality of 7000, as far as the count is
finished, and his election is certain.
DETROIT DERBY WON
CLEVERLY BY ISABEY
Nabob Gains the Verdict Over Miss
Gussie in a Drive for Second
Place.
DETROIT, June 7.— Six thousand people
witnessed the Becond running of the De
troit Derby at the opening of the High
land Park meeting to-day. Stanton and
Tucker's Strathmore colt Isabey won the
derby and the $1300 first money in clever
style from Nabob arjd Mis.- Gussie. Alice
Farley and Laverock were the other
starters. They ran in close order all the
way. Miss Qussle showing the way by a
length for the first half-mile, the "others
well bunched. Laverock than led the
bunch until they straightened for the fin
ish.
At the quarter pole Isabey, who had
been close up and well in hand, came
away with a rush and went past the fin
ish a good length and a half to the good.
Nabob and Miss Gussie fought It out for
the place and the former drew away near
the end and got the verdict. Alice Farley
and Laverock were three lengths back.
Isabey was always the favorite in the
betting and Nabob was a strong second
choice.
Six furlongs— Jenney won, Takanassee sec
ond. Belle of Corsica third. Time. 1:14.
Half mile— Roy Mitchell won, Contravene sec
ond, MouEeltoft* third. Time, :49.
Selling, seven furlongs— Reprieve won, On
alaska second, Manzanilla third.. Time, I:2S.
Detroit Derby, mil* and a quarter— lsabey, 122
(Knapp). 4 to 5, won; Nabob, 122 (H. Lewis),
18 to 5, second: Miss Gussle, 109 (Ross). 40 to 1.
third. Time, 2:08^. Alice Farley and Laverock
also ran.
Mile and an eighth— Brighton won, Our
day that vessels of the Northern Paciflo
line were now likely to be secured, as
the propositions made by the Govern
ment were likely to be accepted, pro
vided the boats were given American
registry, about which there would
probably be little trouble. These
steamers are the Columbia, Arizona,
Olympia, Tacoma, Argyll and Victoria,
The terms of the Government proposi
tion are 20 cents a ton between 2000 and
3000 tons and 15 cents a ton per day for
vessels of more than 3000 tons. Mr.
Micklejohn was pleased at the pros
pects of getting this fleet.
In adition to this the Asistant Sec
retary has, he told me, succeeded in
chartering for the expedition to the
Philippines these ships: From the
Empire Transportation Company, the
Indiana and Morgan City, and from the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company the
Senator, Queen and City of Puebla.
These boats will accommodate at least
10,000 troops, in addition to the 2600
which have already gone *n the first ex
pedition and those to be sent in the
Colon, China, Ohio.Zealandia and Cone
maugh, now provisioned and almost
ready to start.
In The Call of June 4 the condition of
affairs existing on the Centennial was
told at some length and fully illus
trated. The vessel was formerly used
for transporting coolie laborers between
Yokohama and Honolulu, and she was
accordingly fitted to carry the largest
number of men in the least possible
space.
Bunks were fitted into all kinds of
holes and corners where a man could
possibly be squeezed, without the
slightest attention being paid to ven
tilation or comfort. As was shown in
The Call tiers of bunks are arranged in
such a manner that twelve men might
be crowded into a space which would
be none too commodious for six.
Through the efforts of The Call this
important matter touching upon the
comfort of the men who are already
honored as heroes was brought to the
attention of the authorities and has al
ready borne fruit.
Johnny <=ecr>n<l. Old Paucnis third. Time, In 3
Seven furlongs-Bon Jour won. Pearl second,
Carlotta C third. Time, 1:27.
WEDS AN ANGELENO.
FARIBAULT. Minn., June 7.— One of the
most charming weddings Faribault people
ever witnessed occurred at high noon to
day in the cathedral, it being the marriage
of a granddaughter of Bishop W'hipple,
Miss Jane Whipple Scandrett, to Russell
Ross Burt of Los Angeles, son of Presi
dent Burt of the Union Pacific Railroad.
The ceremony was performed by the
bride's grandfather. A large number of
friends of the groom came on a special
train from Los Angeles. An elaborate
dinner was served at the Bishop's resi
dence. The church was handsomely dec
orated with flowers. Many prominent
citizens witnessed the ceremony.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
- a . . 1 I ! With the com-
fj3\\ I , 1 ing of night wo-
* JI\JW i U men are care to
jL ft fi bar the door 3 of
tt§knjQ % % their homes against
wgBJp^jJjLSJ W the intrusion of
J3ff3^Q^ ' robbers and assas-
T "f-< s^ ns - There are
ißr more dangerous
HHKSBf ¥-/ enemies than
■liffljgg either the burglar
JUjaß I or murderer
l*tj!&3£»\ ' against which few wo-
ls?&j2|j£aj*<J^. men take proper precati-
e£&ra«jf|s tions. A woman may
"WM £"""-' own the most magnifi-
mgJM&l cent jewels and the cost-
liest plate, but after all
is said and done, her health is her most
precious possession.
It is this that she fails to guard against
the dangers of weakness and disease of the
distinctly womanly organism. Nearly every
complaint from which women suffer has its
inception in troubles of this nature, and is
continually aggravated by them.
An unfailing remedy for all weakness and
disease of the organs distinctly feminine,
and the multitude of ills that follow in this
train is found in. Dr. Pierces ■ Favorite Pre-
scription. It acts directly on these organs
and makes them strong and healthy. It
prepares for happy, healthy wifehood and
capable, almost painless motherhood.
Over 00,000 women have testified to " its
wonderful merits. No honest druggist will
offer something else as "just as good."
• " While I was living at Eagle Rock, Botetourt
Co., Va.," writes Mrs. G. A. Connor, of AUegh-
any Spring. Montgomery CorT"Va., "a lady
friend came to me and said: 'My daughter, aged
15 years, has repeated hemorrhages at the nose,
»nd she has never the necessary indispositions
of womanhood.' I advised her to get Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription. The lady purchased one
bottle and' it cured her daughter. She was well
and happy when I left there."
" Dr. Pierce' 9 Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser is a physician that is always in the
house, ready to give advice and assistance
any moment, day or night. _ It contains 1,008
pages, 300 illustrations and several chap-
ters devoted to the reproductive physiology
,of women. Over a , million women own
and value it. A new edition is just out and
for a limited time copies will be given away
absolutely free: If you want a copy in
ft heavy manilla cover, send 21 one-cent
stamps, to cover cost of mailing only, to the
World's Dispensary Medical Association,
Buffalo, N. Y. If you , prefer a fine cloth
binding, send 10 cents extra, 31 cents in aIL
m
GEOMLERDESKiHONOLULU
GREETS THE
CHARLESTON
Ovation to Captain Glass
and trje Cruiser's
Seamen.
Remarkable Advaocerrjent of
the Recruits During the
Short Voyage.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
ON BOARD tTCTTED STATES
STEAMSHIP CHARLESTON, HAR
BOR OF HONOLULU, May 29.—Cap
tain Glass said he would make the run
from San Francisco In packet time, and
he has kept his word. Early last
Sunday morning the Charleston slipped
out through the Golden Gate, throw-
Ing back from her fore foot the yellow
foam of the rollers on the bow. She
took the seas as a man, long wander-
Ing, greets old friends to whom he re
turns — in joyous fashion, rollicking, roll-
Ing, tossing back their greeting in very
excess of gladness.
From the hills of the city crowds of
people waved farewell to the good
ship off to the war, carrying to the gal
lant Dewey the first greeting from a
grateful fatherland, and the boys In
blue gathered at the Presidio for the
long trip over seas gave the last voice
of the men we would hear no more un
til, perhaps, we heard the ring of an
American cheer echoing in the hills set
around about the harbor of Manila. On
the bridge of the cruiser, whence a
jacky wig-wagged vigorously to the
headquarters of the land forces, we
could hear, above the whistling of the
Email craft in the bay, above the
hoarse screams of the Charleston's
elren, the shrill cheering of the sol
dier boys as they came tumbling over
each other out of the tents, like a col
ony of ants disturbed, down to the
beach.
We dipped colors to a dusky collier,
creeping black beetle like into port,
w ifr-waertred farewpll to the Oregon sol
diers at Fort PoinJ, and faced the open
sea. Then a fog shut down and the
cruiser barely crept over the water.
The siren had its occupation here, un
til the light ship loomed up ahead, gave
hoarse greeting, and vanished.
Th-^ fog lifted a little, and the siren
on the Xorth Farallon sent a mourn
ful greeting across .the sea to the gray
cruiser, rushiriar through the water now
fuU steam ahead. The captain, on the
bridge, felicitated himself that the ves
ad at last begun to show her met
tle. It was a race Into the west against
time from that moment, with fair
•weather and smooth seas, save on the
Becoiid day out, when the Pacific sent
a few rollers and a dash of rain out of
the southeast Just by way of showing
that Its powers were intact.
The Charleston had some trouble with
her engines at the beginning, it will
be remembered, and was feeling her
way. She made 24S miles never
theless in the urst twenty-four
hours. She increased this to 273
on the second <lay and thence
forward her speed was progressive. On
"Wednesday the run was 257 miles. On
Thursday, under forced draught, it was
310 and on Friday the figure had
climbed to 3SO. Pile- war, in latitude 25
degrees 15 minutes north and longitude
347 degrees 27 minutes west at noon on
that day, and 570 miles from Diamond
Head <"aptain Glass and his corps
of engineers eased her up on Saturday
morning. The engines had bf-en tried
and not found wanting. The battle
with time had been won. She ran
smoothly through one more day and
night, making 320 miles to noon on Sat
urday and at daylight on Sunday the
lookout in the forward truck caught the
loom of the land on the port bow.
The high mountains of the island of
Moiokai came out more strongly as we
swung around to make the harbor of
Honolulu, and presently we had Molo
kal on th» port bow and Oahu to star
board, and out of the dppp blue of tho
Era the white reef started up to meet
the ship.
On this trip Captain Glass and Ex
ecutive Officer Blocklinger had shaken
down and licked Into shape as green a
crew as ever went to sea in time of
■war. They were so irreen. most of the
Charleston's crew, they did not know
a marline spiko from a coil of rope. One
of them asked me. the second day out —
me. who by courtesy only knew a little
more than himself — to direct htm to
the captain's quarters, and there was a
decided commotion forward, and
among some landsmen who shall be
nameless also, when the news was
epread abroad that the ship's cook had
"phot Charley Noble" on the previous
night. Shooting Charley Noble, it
should be understood, is the technical
tTm for cleaning the accumulation of
soot from the galley smokestack, and
In the monotony of a long voyage rises
almost to the dignity of state function.
I do not believe there Is a better com
mander in the navy than Captain Glass
— and I know there is no man who
could have taken a green crew and in
seven days drilled them into men fit to
battle for the honor of Old Glory. It 1b
true he had the aid of a most conscien
tious and efficient corps of line officers,
thoughtful and considerate, every one
of them.
The ship is manned In large measure
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fofTslmichael, dawson andTll
yukon river points!
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY'S
NEW STEEL STEAMSHIP "ST. PAUL" "^e^Tseawall
SATURDAY, JUNE 11, AT 2 O'CLOCK P. M.
Passengers by the St. Paul for up-river points will be transferred to our
river boats now waiting at Bt. Michael. For rates and particulars apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO.,
<310 SANSO/VIB STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAJU
Iby native Americans. Most of them. In
! fact, are California boys. Their hearts
beat high when the colors break out in
the morning. For that flag they would
die without leadership at all. With in
| telligent direction they will do and
j dare; and when the dying comes will
I carry down the foe to common death.
; Certainly there was never a crew oS
i tamed the mental mastery of ship and
| guns more quickly. Save a few old
| hands, they knew nothing at the start,
j not even their places at the guns, and
more than half of them were seasick.
There was, nevertheless, in the face of
i each recruit that alert look character
izing the American individuality, and
It meant something. At the end of a
week of hard drilling, varied by lighter
tasks and byplay to keep Jack from
becoming a dull boy, each man knows
his place and springs to it quickly at
i bugle call.
One of the ship's cooks, "William
Lewis, smuggling liquor aboard at
Mare Island, made love too strongly
to his ido-1, and awoke to find himself
In the brig in double irons. He lost one
rating, being reduced to the rank of
landsman and a month's pay, a light
sentence, but it was delivered on the
quarterdeck in the presence of the
whole ship's company and formed a
most impressive ceremony — a warning
to the weak who would dally with
Jack Tar's most potent enemy.
The Charleston bejran taking coal to
day and will have her bunkers full by
Tuesday night. Then she will wait for
the Peking, to convoy the troopship
across the Pacific.
The reception given the Charleston
at Honolulu was of a kind to gladden
American hearts. No flag was visible
other than the stars and stripes. The
water front was lined with men. wom
en and children, for the whole town ap
parently turned out and a committee of
one hundred, with the Hawaiian band,
came down the bay on the steamer
Hall and escorted the cruiser to her
mooring ground, the band playing
American airs. The ship and her com
pany were given the freedom of the
city a little later. It was a foretaste
of the reception to be tendered the
I American troops when they pass
'■ through on their way to Manila. The
island people have raised a larpre fund
and will feed the boys in blue and hope
to be allowed to see them parade on
shore. SOL N. SHERIDAN.
TALK OF HOISTING
THE AMERICAN FLAG
Hawaiian Annexationists Scheme to
Force Their Way Into the
Union of States.
HONOLULU, May 31.— Sunday last
was a memorable day for Hawaii, and
one never to be forgotten by the par
ticipants In the interesting events. As
the church bells were ringing their calls
for morning service the five shrill blasts
of the whistles of the electric light
works aroused all from their prepar
ations and emptied the early-going
churches of their congregations. This
was the signal for the approach of the
United States steamship Charleston.
The people at once turned out en
masse and rushed pell-mell through
the streets, one blaze of American and
Hawaiian flags, to the water front, and
there they gathered along the wharves
and on every available slip and on
every spot of advantage by the thou
sands; all wearing the tricolor In one
device or the other.
The executive and reception commit
tees of the grand committee of welcome,
after a very brief delay, boarded the
gayly bedecked W. G. Hall, an Inter
Island Company's steamer, and with
the United States Consul-General and
the Government band on board pro- !
celled out to sea, and abreast of Waik- i
iki met the Charleston and escorted her
into port. What need to speak of the
thunderous welcome of cheers and those
in reply; or of the Intense enthusiasm j
that prevailed! The heart of welcome I
was there as true as It will be when
the victorious troops return home
through the Golden Gate laurel
crowned.
The first object that attracted the at
tention of those on board the Charles
ton was an Immense American flag '
which puzzled them greatly. They j
thought of annexation In some myster- i
lous way; of revolution or telegraphic
communication.
Honolulu is now hourly expecting the
City of Peking and her consorts and
is prepared to welcome them In any
manner the commander of the expedi
tion deems advisable.
The political sentiment is dead, for
for this epoch in our lives we are will
in? to risk the retributive conse
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
quences of violated international law
and to follow the lead of our Govern-
merit In openly offering our services to
the United States. Minister Cooper a
few days ago presented the oral state
ment of this being practically the Gov
ernment's intention to the Senate Just
as it had adjourned. It must be ad
mitted that conservative men object,
but then common sense is not always
with the majority.
The regular session of the Legisla
ture expired at noon to-day, but there
is so much important work unfinished
that President Dole has been compelled
to call an extra session at the instance
and request of the House, which
passed a resolution for that purpose,
with which the Senate declined to con
cur, still further adding to the politi
cal complications which exist. It is the
evident desire of the annexationists to
create such a situation that annexa
tion will be deemed to be an impera
tive necessity. In fact, some of them
actually threaten to hoist the Ameri
can flag to force results. These are,
however, Irresponsible hotheads, car
ried away by the hysteria of the mo
ment.
To-morrow an interesting event will
occur on the Charleston. Prince David
Kawananakoa and Jonah Kalaniana
ole, on behalf of Queen Dowager Kapi
olani, will present to the officers of the
ship an American flag manufactured
here by Hawaiian ladies of distinction
in appreciation of the kindness of its
former officers to King Kalakaua in
life and death. With the flag goes the
prayer for victory over her foes.
A link between the ancient and mod
ern history of Hawaii was severed last
week by the death of Kealiiopunui (the
chiefess with the big stomach). This
woman was born in 1791 on the day of
the great naval battle of Ke-pu-waha
ula (the battle of the red-mouthed
gun). In this sea fight fought at the
Pali-Hulaana, near Wairuanu. Hama
kua, Hawaii, a cannon was used by
Kamehameha I, who was victorious
over the combined forces of Kahekili
and his brother Kaco, King of Kauai.
She had twenty-seven children, most
of whom died young, but they left be
hind them twenty-three great-grand
children of their ancestors.
The cable bill passed second reading
in the House this morning and now as
amended has an equal chance of pass
ing.
NOMINATIONS OF
OFFICERS FOR VOLUNTEERS
Among the Selections Submitted by
the President to the Senate Are
Many Regular Army Officers.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to
the Senate:
Third Regiment Volunteer Engineers—
! To be colonel. Captain David Gaillard,
I Corps of Engineers. U. S. A.
Second Regiment T'nited States Volun
' {eers— To be lieutenant-colonel. Captain
! Edward Burr, Corps of Engineers, I*. S.
| A.; to be major. Captain William C. Lang-
I fltt, Corps of Engineers, U. S. A.; to be
captain. Second Lieutenant Robert P.
Johnson, Corps Engineers, U. S. A.; to be
second lieutenant, Frank H. Martin of
! lowa,
To be inspector-general of volunteers,
with rank of major. First Lieutenant R. A.
i Brown, Fourth Cavalry.
To be chief commissary, with rank of
I major. First Lieutenant W. Wright, Six
i teenth Infantry.
To be commissaries, with rank of cap
l tains. Second Lieutenant John W. Baker,
! Third United States Infantry; C. D. Cou
; dert of New York, George W. Bellis of
! Now York.
To bo assistant adjutant-general, with
; rank of major, William C. Daniels of Col
orado.
To be commissaries nf subsistence, with
rank of captain. Edward W. Hurlbut of
i Colorado, Charles E. Golden of Wyoming,
James C. Grant of Minnesota.
For appointment to the Signal Corps—
To be captain. Charles D. Connor of Mis
souri; to be first lieutenants. Willie
Wood ford of Ohio. Edward P. Miller of
j Ohio, William S. Wright of Indiana; to be
I second lieutenants, Gustav Hirsch of
Ohio, Carl Darnell of Connecticut.
First Regiment. United States Volun
teer Infantry— To. be captains, William B.
Parsons of New York. Ira Shaler of Now
York. Eugene Sheller of Pennsylvania.
Edward B. Ives of New York, Allen D.
I Raymond of Pennsylvania, Merritt 11.
I Smith of New York, Arthur Haviland of
New York. Charles P. Kaliler of Mary
land, Charles P. Breeze of Virginia, Wil
liam G. Ramsay of New Jersey: to be
first lieutenants. David L. Hough of New
York, Edmund M. Sawtelle of District of
Columbia. George W. Brnnwell of New
York. Joseph A. Stelnmetz of Pennsyl
vania, 11. C. Wilson of District of Colum
bia. M. A. Viele of New York: to be sec
i ond lieutenant. Heber R. Bishop Jr.,
Lawrence Glllespie and George Perrine of
: New York. Walter Abbott and Henry P.
j Walker of Massachusetts.
ROTTANZI MAY HAVE
RANK OF MAJOR
MANILA, NOT SANTA CRUZ, TO
CLAIM THE DOCTOR.
Presented With a Brave Weap
That Will Work to the Glory of
Both in Either Field.
Surgeon Rottanzi, Company F, Califor
nia Volunteers, and the men of his com
mr.nd have not gone to Santa Cruz for
guard duty at the powder mills, in com
pliance with their orders of tho 3d inst.,
owing to the non-arrival cf the equlp
•nents.
In fact, in the case of Surgeon Rottanzi
the authorities that he in things military
have not fully decided as to whether or
not he can best subserve his country's
needs as the cynosure of feminine eyes at
Santa Cruz or an a practical demonstra
tor of his well known theories of sanita
tion In the American camp in the Philip
pines. Surgeon Rottanzl's Intimate knowl
edge of Latin tongues and Latin character
is also held in high regard by hlssuperiors,
and the prospects seem favorable to the
success of the large coterie of his friends,
who are seeking his elevation to the rank
of major and his assignment to a regi
ment bound for the front, where Dr. Rot
tanzi's unusual abilities will have a more
prolific field of opportunity.
Regarding his own elevation Dr. Rot
tanzi seems apathetic. He cays he has
neither requests nor suggestions to make,
but will rest content to do the first duty
of a soluier— obey his orders. His many
stanch friends, however, are not content
and are earnestly working for a station
and an assignment more compatible with
the ability of their candidate.
But whether Surgeon Rottanzi fares
afar with major or casts his lines at the
seashore as captain, he will find solace
for all pangs in the swing and the glint of
his saber, that blade of good Damascus
presented to him yesterday by his col
leagues of the Board of Supervisors.
With its sheath wrought in gold and sil
ver it's as brave a blade as e'er mixed
the limbs of new-fledged shoulder
Btraps and will do as well in the nice
conquest of the bathing beach as of the
harsher field of grim battle. The surgeon
and his saber will prove Invincible in
whichever list they enter.
THE IBISH FAIR.
Preparations for the Festival in
August.
The ladles of the Irish fair are arrang
tag to assign locations for booths In the '
fair to the societies and various organiza
tions and to appoint sub-committees to
work In the booths. The fair will open '
this coming August at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion and will continue for three weeks,
the net proceeds to be used for the erec- i
tlon of a building where the Irish socle- '
ties may nieet. There will be a meeting i
next Friday night at the Occidental Ho
tel to arrange matters.
A number of beautiful bo^hs are being
planned already and some very novel
things will be seen In the exhibition line.
The Oakland officers are taking a deep
Interest In the fair and a committee has :
been appointed to serve on the honorary ,
advisor* board. J.
SOLDIERS AT
THE WOODPILE
Grievances of Washing
ton Volunteers.
LOSE HOPE OF GOING TO WAR
UNLUCKY BATTALION KEPT AT
DRUDGERY.
Young Society Men Splitting Wood
at Vancouver Barracks for
Wives of Fourth Cavalry
Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, June 7.— The members of
the Third Battalion, First Regiment
"Washington Volunteers, are thorough
ly convinced that they did not enlist
for a summer picnic. They originally
supposed they would be given a chance
to fight the Spaniards in the Philip
pines.
Their troubles began early and have
materially increased until during the
last few days they have been required
to split wood at Vancouver Barracks
and carry it into the houses of the
wives of officers of the Fourth Cavalry,
which left the garrison Friday. This
deprived several dozen volunteers of
an opportunity to drill and has caused
them to give up all hoDe of going to
the front and doing something glorious
for their country.
Among the wood-splitters are mem
bers of Company C, Tacoma's crack
company, which contains many young
society men, including Howard Vander
bilt a cousin of Cornelius and Willie
K. Vanderbilt of New York.
This company was formerly com
manded by Lieutenant Colonel Fife,
now at San Francisco.
The troubles of the Washington regi
ment began just after it assembled
here, when the War Department ac
cused it In press dispatches of being
slow to get mustered in. The unjust
ness of this accusation was clearly
shown, the delay complained of being
due to the War Department's failure to
send medioal examiners here. Later
came reports from Washington that the
regiment didn't want to go to Manila
and would therefore be detailed for
garrison duty. Though the accusation
was again fnjpe garrison duty seems to
be in store for the regiment.
The Third Battalion has fared worse
than the rest of the regiment, because
it seems unlikely to get even to San
Francisco. It was also hustled off to
Vancouver by train without an oppor
tunity for parading through the town,
which the other battalions had. This
was especially regretted by Tacoma
citizens, who had prepared to give a
large farewell demonstration to the
battalion which included their home
company.
It is understood that Colonel Wholley
has requested that he be ordered to San
Francisco and that Lieutenant Colonel
Fife be sent to Vancouver to command
the Third Battalion.
Big Mill Burned at Eureka,
EUREKA. June 7.— Fire last night de
stroyed a mill on the water front owned by
James Simpson and occupied by Gibbard
& Mowry as a molding mill and by Percy
& Gibbard as a shingle mill. It is not
known how the fire orglnaw-d. The gas
works just across the alley narrowly es
caped destruction, catching fire and being
only saved by the active. work of the de
partment. The building was valued at
J20.000 and is a total loss. Gibbard &
Mowry's loss on the molding mill is esti
mated" at $10,000, and Percy & Gibbard's
on the shingle mill is $12,000. There was
no insurance.
• ■ ■ — •
Suicide by Asphyxiation.
LOS ANGELES. June 7.— M. F. Smith,
an employe of the United States Hotel
until recently, was found dead in a room
of the Piedmont House this morning. He
had attached a small rubber hose to the
gas Jet, put the other end in his mouth
and laid down to die. He left a note ad
dressed to reporters explaining all about
himself.
Conflagration at Clovis.
FRESNO, June 7.— The box factory,
planing mill, warehouse and engine plant
of the Fresno Flume Irrigation Company
■were destroyed by fire at Clovls. Loss,
$45,000; insurance, $15,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fffl+H+B+E+n+H+B+H+H+H+B+B+H+H+E+H+H+E+K+H+EH
i
Ik \A *"■■*-* (5r t*! v^^^^s-
"When you give back to your kidneys the
strength which has been lost to them, when they are
strong enough to do their work as nature intended,
then you will have no more pains, your blood will
circulate freely and your old vigor will return. Na-
ture has supplied a natural remedy for cases like
yours. It is electricity. I have, by years of careful
■study and experiment, perfected this Electric Belt,
so that it pours its vitalizing life into your weak-
ened body for hours at a time, and it will soon renew
the life and activity in all parts of your body."
-Dr. Sanden will send his book, * 'Three Classes
of Men," with full information regarding his now
famous Electric Belt, free. It has 10,000 cures.
Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. * IMPORTANT NnTIPF *
702 Market Street, Corner Geary. San rranolio*. IHIHI If I liUllUt
■ ■ Office hour*— B a, m.'to 1 p. : m. ; Sunday*,*: 10 :r: r - • Dr." Banden's ; offlCM "
to 1. ~ Branches at Los Angrele*, Cal., 204^-uUi „_. n'nw' at 702 Market
: Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washington «t.: ; • . re " OW j" '_ T^ltt
f Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth st. ; Dallaa, Tex.. Street,; corner Geary.
i 186 Main ■«•.*. v ■ .: * ■ ...'.*. . — ,, — ■ ■-.■ ■ * :
DEFICIENCY
BILL PISSED
House Approves the Sen
ate Measure.
IT CARRIES MANY MILLIONS
ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS
FOR WAR EXPENSES.
Voting Severally Upon the Senate
Amendments to the Sundry-
Civil Bill Is Com
menced.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 7.
After disposing of the war deficiency
bill, as passed with amendments by the
Senate, the House to-day considered
civil bill. The report, bo far as it em
civll bill. The report so far as it em
bodied agreements, was adopted and
the House then began voting severally
upon the Senate amendments upon
which no agreement had been reached
in conference. Of these there are forty
five. The House considered to-day
eight of these, acting favorably upon
three and rejecting the remainder. Con
sideration will continue to-morrow. The
House adjourned pending discussion of
a measure to enable volunteer soldiers
to vote at Congressional elections dur
ing the war. It involved constitutional
questions and by unanimous consent it
will be taken up to-morrow, following
the sundry civil conference report.
The urgent deficiency bill, made
necessary by the war with Spain, car
ries appropriations for the war and
navy establishments aggregating $17,
745,000. These appropriations are in ad
dition to the amounts to be carried
later by the general deficiency bill.
Session of the Senate.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Almost im
mediately after the Senate convened to-
I day consideration was resumed of the
| bill for the protection of the people of
the Indian xerritory. After the read
ing and discussion of the measure,
! which occupied nearly three hours, it
! was passed. It provides for the allot
ment in severalty of certain lands to
the Indians of the Territory, the pay- ;
j ment of interest claims to the Chicka
| saw Indians and the ratification of the .
! agreement effected with the Indians by
the Dawes commission. The discussion
of the census bill precipitated a civil
i service debate, which had not been con
i eluded when the Senate adjourned.
THE CRUISER BUFFALO
ARRIVES FROM BRAZIL
To Be Overhauled at Once at Newport
News and Mounted With
Rapid-Fire Guns.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The cruiser
Buffalo, lately the Nictheroy of the Bra
zilian navy, arrived In Hampton Roads
to-day directly from Brazil. The vessel,
It is learned, is not yet actually on the
United States naval lists. She has been
acquired subject to conditions that will
be doubtless strictly fulfilled by the Bra
zilian Government, but which have not
been met. They are that the ship must
be turned over in good condition as to hull
and machinery. The ordnance will be sup
plied by the United States Government in
the shape of ten-inch rapid-fire guns, now
ready to put in the Fhip.
The machinery of the Buffalo is known
to be in bad shape, but just to what ex
tent is not known here. The ship will be
inspected by a naval board when she is
ready for delivery to the Government.
Meanwhile the work of putting her in
condition will go on at once at Newport
News. The Buffalo was not obliged, lik* 2
the Oregon, to make a detour in reaching
a home port in order to avoid a possible
enemy, because, being manned by a Bra
zilian crew, and not yet the property of
the United States, she wan not subject to
attack. m
Monument to Gladstone.
LONDON, June 7.— ln the House of
Commons to-day a message from Queen
Victoria was read announcing hf>r Majes
ty's intention to direct the erection of a
monument to the late William E. Glad
stone in Westminster Abbey, in accord
ance with the wishes expressed in the ad
dress of the House of Commons to the
Queen.
: • , ADVEBTISEMEMTTS.
H+B+P+B+B+B+B+B+B+E+H+B+B+B+H+B+H+B-l-B+B+a+H+Hl
| FORCED 1
s ir-.V/;lvw-I5 i^ £
I LIQUIDATION \
[SALE! i
■ As a result of the TREMENDOUS +
■ CUTS IN PRICES made by PEREMP- +
■ TORY ORDER OF THE TRUSTEES for j
5 the purpose of turning our immense +
? stock into ready cash TO AT ONCE +
5 PAY OFF THE ENTIRE BALANCE OF +
? OUR INDEBTEDNESS, we offer the +
5 following and thousands of other +
1 MATCHLESS BARGAINS TO-DAY! I
i ============ i
* C ■ I ■ A A I^iCCRTAIN DEPARTMENT.
■"' .H^- *4 \~r A. M. A»- our Medium Grade Irish Point Curtains ■
5, ' I are closed out. We have taken the finer ■+
•" nrn ITtTKrUT qualtles and cut to the prices LESS than ■■
B lirr'All I i? Yvi I I the common ones cost. All our. Curtains "f
j. 1/JLi rl.tl 1 iiiLl 1 • ; re 34 yards long and well made on sub- T
i ___*■■ i stantial net. S ■
¥ aa t ,„,„„, CTniorn _,„„ CREAM IRISH POINT CUR- CQ OK +
1 $1.00 c^PJ. t t^'t?^ nw T is^ TAINS that were $3 25 pair. tP ■& •5 ■
ra tl'lwVfVr SORE LINEN DHf.SB r»rtnp<»rl to Pair .
■ • SKIRTS, natural ground with reduced to fair. +
+ blue, green and brown stripes, CREAM irisH POINT CUR- CO OK I
B • wide hem on bottom, former g h $4 M OOiZO J.
+ price *1 75. closing out price |1. duced t0 .....„' Pair. g,
& : ■"■:*' .;-'/ :^-*":- ■ ; T
+ $3.50 t AnTTPt:' t«t ArrTTiT?nr'An^D "WHITE IRISH POIXT CUR- 53.00 T
5 sorted patterns; former price I* 75 pair, reduced to.. Pair. +
+ 16. closing out price $3 50. • WHITE IRISH POINT CUR- C:A f\f% ■
2 TAINS that were $6 25 pair, €J>Tr»l/Vf .+
m «:fi Kn LADIES' TAN OR GRAY reduced to Pair. g
5 OOtOU COVERT CLOTH SUITS, fly TAPESTRY PO^RES. $ Q Cg +
+ front Jackets, lined with fancy TAPESTRY PORTIERES, CO QK m
M silk, skirts double lined and new. rich and durable, that 0-6«0t) E9
5 velvet bound; former price were %i 60. reduced to Pair. -J.
+ $11 50, closing out price *6 50. extra grade t 7^ strt ft . _ n H
"? "V;;! : PORTIERES that were $6 50, «J>T-»OU +
na «tO FZCk LADIES* SILK AND LACE reduced to Pair. ■
■ <I>X*OvP COLLARETTES, handsomely TTT _ TT -_._.„ _-_ _. ■-__- +
+ braided, yoke lined with fancy HIGH GRADE DOWN COM- S
ED milk, black and colors; former FORTERS. silk covered, toe ■
£ ■ price J^osing out price $2 50. j that were $7.50 +
+ ffQ flfl MISSES' FLY FRO JACK- CHOICE LAMBS- +
T QdtUU TOTS in mixed cheviot effects. BLANKETS, extra wide <?f> O(^ ■
■ sizes 12. 14 and 16; former and flne> that were $9 50 fJ»O.^O -}.
+ price $5. closing out price *3. 1 vaXTt reduced to Pair. gj
! UK />jV LADIES' TAN COVERT TAPESTRY FURNITURE COVERING, +
m Ot>.V/U CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts. 49 inches wide, elegant range of qualities m
m . ha lf B uk lined, former price and colorings, at 35c, DOc, 65c yard; worth "P
+ $7 &0, closing out price $5. I double. T
+ • ===== ' +
+ +
5 {/{/ Murphy Building, J [/[/ Murphy Building:, w 4.
? Marlet ait Jones Streets. Marlet aal Jones Streets. +
B+B+a-fß+B+H+B+a+B+B+a+B+B+B+B+a+B+B+B+B+B+B+a
$rj For 4 Rooms
I 9 Furniture,
CONSISTING
PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-
ROOM AND KITCHEN.
Extension Tables $4-°°
Carpets ...... .:.... • • 4OC
Combination Bookcases $6.00
Goods sold on easy payments. Catalogues
mailed free. Free Deliver- across the bay.
T. BRILLIANT,
Telephone Main 1850. 338 and 3*o Post Street. .
PRESS CLUB,
1:23 Ellis Street.
RED CROSS BENEFIT,
EXHIBITION AND SALE OF SKETCHES
BY LOCAL. ARTISTS AND ART
STUDENTS.
SATURDAY, JUNE 11.
From 2 to 5 and 8 to 11 p. m. ~;
r\ . vDu'crt English Bii:i».. . .'?■■!
EKHYROYAL fills
_<K~V Original and Only Genuine. A,
j-./fttTV •Arc. »lw»ja relUMa. laoics uk /K\-
&M tf^ikll Wrugglst lur'Chichtitrrt Xnyliih I>i*-&/\\
fci^iC^iaJNno/id Brand in UeJ aoJ Void mttal!lG\\?t/
T^T— Tw?«N»i«, scaled with blue ribbon. Toko VSr
■{8} 2^ Sjl\Jne. other. Refute dangtrmu ftbititu- V
I I , — £w ficn* an d imitation!. At Druggists, or lead to.
I *^ mJI ' n " lim P* for p*rtisul»rt. tuftimoolals aul
\«♦ tS "Relief for Kadlec" in letter, 07 retnra
_V/ Ar Moll. 10,000 TmtlmomliU. Mmne Pantr.
> —^rOhlohe»t*r Chemical Oo.,Mn<t»o«Bawmr«»
BtU by all Lwtl iVuortsu. ■ »*;'11. A DA., l'Af
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and' specific tonio
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
•exes, and a \ great remedy for diseases of tb»
kidneys and bladder. A great , Restoratlvt,
lnvigorator and Nervine. tells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, AL.FS & BRL'NK, Agents.
123 Market . Street 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
j I^rft3\ : We Rent all Makes few partly
las^Ai. used for Sale cheap. Send for
SSrSjrl Samples and Prices.
IK L. &M. ALEXANDER
|€3£§23S& Agents SMITH PREMIER ,
\ ■~^^~ HO MONTGOMERY ST.. S F..C*L j
! DRMCNULIT.
I 'jMnsy.-rcr.r, known and rkliablk or.tj
', .«.' Sprain. [.< t cure* Private, Nft vous.Hli.otlxiKl Sktu
Dispm^ps of Men oii.'y Mmilr Power reatoreil. Over
I ■ 20.vpar«'rip«"rlenco. ' Send for Boole, free.' JN>Uent!«
I curort lit Home. . Terms reusouAblo. I Hoikk, 9 to S
<]ally:G ; uiB.:»pVrra. Sur.duys, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and SMrredlyconrldeutlu l . j Call or address
' p. roscoe w*s;n.'rT. m. i».;
j «3 'i Kesrar Slrwt Sao I'riuiclH*. *'ni. I
T>"DTTCUI7CS for n aubers. bak-
DriU OilJuO "8. bootblacks, bath-
I ■^" .7f/!-?7 **^-7~; houseß. " billiard-tables, ;
; brewers, bookbinders, v ep.ndy-makerß. canners,
| dyers, : flourmllls.' foundries.-, laundries, paper-
hangers, •- printers, ■ painters, shoe ' factories,
I stablemen, tar-roofers, • tanners, tailors, etc.: \ ;
v BUCHANAN BROS.,
, Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOKNEY-AT LAW, T !
Tenth Floor. Room ■ 1016. Claus . Spreckels ; Bldjr.
■-■' : : Telephone Brows 931. . ;
Residence. 821 , California street. below
1 Powell. Ban Francisco. .
STATEMENT
OF THE |
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY Al CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF New York, in the State of New York,
on the Slst day of December, A. D. 1897,
and for the year ending on that day, as mads
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-,
tions 610 and Gil of the Political Code, con-
densed' as per blank furnished by the commis-
sioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In ■' '■ .
cash ;..$ 250.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by. company $ 688,442 78
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company... 1,649,952 50
Cash In company's office.. 38.80100
Cash In banks- 88.013 7S
Interest accrued on all stocks and
loans 2.016 67 '
Rents accrued 1.640 80
Premiums in due course of collection 400,221 38
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash in ■
company's possession) 21,495 48
Total assets $2,790,590 57
LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated, proofs
not filed $ 15.470 07-
Losses in process of adjustment or in
suspense 105,282 45
Losses resisted, $301,475 of which is : >
for the insured ..." 338.64357
Cross premiums on risks running one
year or loss, $2,859,8:4 16; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1,429,937 01
Gross premiums on risks running
more than one year. $296,917 34; re-
insurance pro rata 162,960 91
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, .
etc 25.697 01
.
Total liabilities $2,077.99113 '
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $2,944,245 29
Received for interest and dividends . ,
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from - :•
all other sources ■ 86.240 IS
Received for rents .... 68.212 18
Received for profit on assets sold.. 11.862 50
Total income $3,080,560 15
EXPENDITURES. • '
Net amount paid for losses $1,453.50113
Dividends to stockholders 45.000 00 ,
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 763,924 04
Paid for salaries, fees and other : >■: •
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131,127 11.
Paid for State, National and ■■ local ".•..',;.'
taxes 50.231
All other payments and expenditures 480,165 97
' Total expenditures 23,949 Bs.
GEO. F. SE WARD, President
ROBT. J. HILLAR, Secretary. ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 3d
day of February. 1898.
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S. C. PARDEE, Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING. , ;|
San Francisco, California.
c 0000000000000000 6
JW PALACE W 2
%grand HOT EkP%
q SAN FRANCISCO. q
O WOO Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaotwi. °,
Or ■■'. : ***■»■ UjfDBR OXS MAifAQi"*-' 1 O
O NOTE THE PBICE3: V O
O European Plan. VI. per day and upward ft
American Plan.»S. OO per day »al up war! v
© - : . • . «.orresr»'n«lfn<-t <olicit«l. ■ O
O JOHN 0. KIRKPaTKICK, Kaaagir. . Q
OOP OQ O O OOP CIOOOOQ
elixir vvrlU lwl
The par* essential extract from the native drug. con-
tains all the vnluable medicinal properties of Opium 1
without !ts noxious elements. ■ No sickness cf frromßrh |
HO vomiting mo costive , no heatUche. AUDniCKlstaJ
WBeldy Call $1.50 per Year
56
WEDNESDAY JUNE 8, 1898
JOHN D. SPRLCKELS, Proprietor.
Address Alt Com municationsjo K j, Manage^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 18C8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Sttvtnien Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE .^^^. 908 Broadway
KEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Kl&fts Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
PRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 287 Hayes street, open until
9.30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission .street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AML'SEMtNTS.
Baldwin -Ysaye, this afternoon.
Columbia—" The New Domlion "
Alcazar— "The Master of Ceremonies. 1 *
Morosco'e— "The Cotton Ktnr
Tlvoli— "An Anierlc.iu Hero. 1 '
Crpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olvmpla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Kecreation Park— Baseball to-morrow afternoon.
initro Baths— bwlmminsr,
i.l Campo— Music, dancing, boatlnc fishlnr. every Sunday,
Press Clnb— Sale of sketches for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society. Saturday. June 11. from 2 to 6 and 8 to 11 P. M.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. J. Barth— This day, June 8, Furniture, at 1037 Post
Btreet. at 11 o'clcck.
MfIYOR PHELAN'S DEMURRER.
\A A.YOR PHELAN has filed a demurrer. There
/ \ is about the document no trace of the legal
verbiage which ordinarily enwraps and par
tially disguises such ideas as a demurrer may
contain. In fact, it is direct, and so brief that no pos
sibility of misunderstanding it exists. Here it is:
San Francisco, June 6, 1898.
Editor Morning Call, City— Dear Sir: The lan
guage attributed to me in your paper of June 5 is
without foundation and is untrue. Neither the words
quoted nor any such sentiments were ever spoken
by me. Yours truly, JAMES D. PHELAN.
This disclaimer had been provnked by the printing
of information which had reached this paper, and
which seemed to be authentic and interesting. It was
that the Mayor recently said: "I have done politics
south of Market street long enough, and now I am
going to do a little work on the other side, where
the atmosphere is purer."
Of course Mr. Phelan knows whether or not he
said this. If he did he would naturally regret it, and
if he did not he would want the impression corrected.
But the demurrer so promptly filed will naturally be
viewed in relation to circumstances to which no de
murrer has yet been entered.
It is a striking coincidence with the supposed ut
terance of the Mayor, that the committee of ioo
pledged to get the factions into one corral and there
brand them as brothers, and thq real Democratic ar
ticle, should have been so constituted as to be in ac
cord with the scheme of giving the south of Market
the royal snub. If the Mayor were to get this com
mittee amended so as to demonstrate that he loves
the south of Market with the same old love, the
change in its make-up would be considerable.
For instance, of that noble band seventy-two come
from the north side, leaving to the south side only
twenty-eight. If human experience teaches anything
it is that a majority of more than three to one has
its way so completely that the minority might as well
take a walk or a drink, whichever its perturbed spirits
conceived to be more soothing. Even if the Mayor
never said it, he might as well have said it. Denial
will be no sop to the wounded pride of the slighted
portion of the city. The factions may sfrout for unity,
but if the dove of peace values its feathers it will keep
away from there when the Mayor's trusted seventy
two and his tolerated twenty-eight get together for
business.
But the Mayor declares frankly that he never said
it. His letter is given publicity. An equal publicity,
will be granted to any reason he may have for acting
as though he had said that which a cruel report
credited him with having said.
IN MEMORIAM.
IT is not much the living can give the dead. The
fondest love, the deepest esteem, the mdst devoted
loyalty can bestow no more than tears, words of
honor and flowers, which are at once the tenderest
gifts of love and the fairest emblems of honor". Of
these poor gifts the giving should be full, generous
and spontaneous. They are of no avail to the dead,
but for the living to whom the dead was dear they
have a value far beyond anything which can be meas
ured by any scale known to the cold calculations of
reason.
An occasion will soon be upon this city calling forth
from its people the best manifestations they can give
of«their sorrow and honor of the heroic dead. The
steamer Coptic is bearing home from the Orient all
that is mortal of Captain Charles V. Gridley, the first
American officer of high rank who has fallen in the
war with Spain. He met his death heroically.
Though a sick man at the time, he stood at his post
of duty on the conning tower of the Olympia and
fought his ship through the long drawn out battle in
Manila Bay, which resulted in the glorious victory
that has filled the nation with exultation and pride.
When the arrival of the Coptic brings the body of
the hero to our city it should be received with every
demonstration of civic and military honor. Arrange
ments to that end should be made at once. The Gov
ernor, the Mayor, the heads of the great commercial
and industrial organizations of the people, should
take part in this memorial display. All who in any
way represent the people of San Francisco and Cali
fornia should make it a part of their duty to show to
the hero's body all the funeral honors which are due
to the illustrious dead. •
Let us prepare, then, for an "in memoriam" day.
Let us make it solemn, beautiful, reveYent and pa
triotic. Let us show to the world the honor and the
glory with which the American people regard those
who give their lives that the nation may live.
"Hobson's choice" has not yet been specified by
that gentleman, but whatever it may be the country
will favor letting him have it.
While Ccrvera is on the wrong side, there are un
mistakable evidences that he is a chjvajrous gentle
man.
THE VICTORY IN OREGON.
BY the Republican victory in Oregon another
landslide has buried deeper the corpse of free
silver, another triumph has been achieved for
the gold standard and sound money, and another evi
dence has been given that the popular sentiment
which bore McKinley to the Presidency in 1896 has
not any way diminished either in extent or intensity.
The victory is a notable one and was gained in a
straight fight for protection and sound mc^ey. The
people of Oregon had around them proofs of the
prosperity which comes from a protective tariff, and
they could easily recall what different conditions pre
vailed in the years when the Wilson-Gorman tariff
was on our statute books. They had convincing cvi-
dence that the maintenance of the gold standard did
not prevent a return of good prices, good wages and
abundant work for all, and with this evidence before
them they were not to be misled by the vain clamors
of calamity howlers demanding the overthrow of the
existing monetary standard and a venturesome exper
iment with free silver, greenbacks or fiat money of
any kind.
The extent of the victory is as notable as the cause
in which it was won. Rarely has any political success
more justly deserved to be called a sweeping triumph.
The Republicans carried almost everything in sight.
They elected the Governor, the two Congressmen and
a majority of the Legislature, thus assuring the return
of a Republican gold standard man to the United
States Senate. The last feature of the victory is of
special value, for it will materially aid in giving the
Republicans control of the Senate, thus putting an
end to the deadlock in that body and facilitating the
enactment of legislation necessary to the welfare of
the nation.
It is significant that the increased Republican vote
of Monday was found largely in the counties which
in 1896 had given majorities for Bryan. This shows
that the free silver craze is waning even in its former
strongholds. The voters who were deluded into sup
porting Bryanism during the hard times of the panic
years have recovered their reason with the return of
prosperity and are no longer to be counted among
the supporters of the wild fallacies of the Chicago
platform or of the erratic agitator who was the bene
ficiary of the craze.
The result of the contest gives promise of a com
plete Republican victory throughout the country this
fall. For years past our politics has been disturbed
by incessant changes of majorities from one side to
the other. A Republican victory in one campaign has
been followed by Democratic success in the next.
This has been going on for sixteen years, and as a
consequence the affairs of the nation have been more
or less disordered and its business interrupted by
changes in tariff or other acts affecting trade and in
dustry. We now seem to have reached the end of
these fluctuations,. The people have evidently made
up their minds to maintain the gold standard and pro
tection, and from this time forth political contests
will be waged on other issues.
TO BE BARRED FROM THE CREMATORY
THAT the New York Journal has been excluded
from many libraries is a fact which has been es
tablished about as long as the Hearst ownership
of that daily uncleanliness. There has been no par
ticular necessity for barring the Examiner, because
it has not progressed so far as the door of the li
brary. Yet the Examiner has its troubles. There is
a rumor that employes of the garbage crematory will
insist on having it shut from that institution, where
it is part of their onerous duty to feed it to the fur
nace. There can be no surprise at this. Even the
handlers of garbage must draw the line somewhere.
They are accustomed to dead animals, the offal of the
street, waste material from the stable, but there is a
limit to their endurance. If they carry out their reso
lution the Examiner's circulation will diminish so
that there will hardly be enough to swear to. It goes
by way of the crematory fires now, and when thick,
yellow smoke is observed pouring from the tall chim
ney it is known that, this circulation has had a boom.
THE PITH OF THE THING.
I^HE morning organ of the combination which
is endeavoring to get control of the Democratic
part of this city by unheard of methods persists
in the idea that our criticisms of the action of the
Democratic State Committee are born of a desire
to throw the organization into the hands of Boss
Rainey. This assumption is entirely gratuitous and
not based upon the facts of the situation. No justi
fication is found for it in the arguments we have put
forward opposing the course which is now being pur
sued by the so-called "leaders" of the Democratic
State Committee.
Why should a newspaper supposed to be devoted
to the cause of Republicanism desire that the Demo
cratic party be solidified under the leadership of a
politician like Sam Rainey? Mr. Rainey is the most
capable political boss in the Democratic party.
Bosses McNab, Alford and Gould are children com
pared with him. He is superior to Boss Buckley be
cause he is cooler and more scrupulous; he has been
the guide and tutor of nearly every district and pre
cinct potentate in the city from Lanigan down, and
many of the men who are now leading the Demo
cratic "reform" organization learned all they know
about manipulation from him.
The idea that we desire the Democratic party con
solidated under the leadership of Sam Rainey is
simply unthinkable. It is directly to the interest of
the Republican party that the Democracy should re
main in its present disheveled, broken and disorgan
ized condition. Rent with internecine feuds and split
into "county committees" and committees on organi
zation, it will be easier to beat it than if it should be
united under a capable leader.
The point we have made against the action of the
Democratic State Committee is one that intimately
concerns the entire people. If country politicians can
come to San Francisco and capture the patronage of
the city through the State organization of the Demo
cratic party, they can do the same thing through the
State organization of the Republican and Populist
parties.
Politicians in one respect resemble lawyers. They
follow precedents and travel in beaten tracks, and for
this reason it will never do to set a precedent of this
kind. We have protested against the autocratic acts
of the present bosses of the Democratic party, Mc-
Nab, Alford and Gould, because what they are doing
is unDemocratic, unAmerican and outrageous. In
any other place than boss-ridden San Francisco they
would be tarred, feathered and run out of town for
their audacious attempt to subvert the will of an en
tire political party in this manner. But if the rank
and file Democrats can stand it we can. Under such
leadership it will not be difficult in the coming cam
paign to effectually dispose of them. ■
Complaint is made at Madrid that Americans have
furnished arms to an almost savage race. Doubtless
the charge is well founded. However, it may be said
in mitigation that this was to enable them to fight a
race which often seems to be wholly savage.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
THE NAVY PERSONNEL BILL.
CONGRESS has taken a tnuch longer time in
dealing with the navy personnel bill than was
expected. The importance of the subject is
great and much consideration is due to it, but at the
same time it has been long under discussion, is well
understood by all interested in the matter, and there
is no reason apparent why the bill, which has been
carefully drawn and received the approval of high
authorities, should not have been promptly adopted
by both houses.
The object of the measure is to remedy defects
which have long been noted as evils in our naval
system. It provides that the line officers and the en
gineers of the navy be amalgamated; that when
the number of officers to be promoted is so far
in excess of the vacancies as to cause stagnation in
the service the requisite number of vacancies shall be
caused by weeding out the men who are least fit to
meet the heavy requirements of modern naval duty;
that the enlisted men aboard ship shall be given the
same reward of pension and retirement enjoyed by
enlisted men in the army; that uppermost machin
ists shall be made warrant officers, to rank with gun
ners and carpenters, and that there shall be a rear
rangement of salaries by which the payment of offi
cers in the navy is made equal to that of other officers
of the Government employed in equal duties.
Each of these provisions effects a much-needed re
form. The amalgamation of the engineers with the
line officers is essential to the best handling of mod
ern battle-ships. Under the present system we have
in our navy two sets of officers, one to manage the
machinery of the ship and the other to do the fight
ing. Under the proposed system, as is pointed out
by Walter McFarland, one of the officers who drew
up the bill, the American naval officer will be a fight
ing engineer, a man capable of managing his ship as
well as of fighting her, just as Decatur, Perry and
other sea captains of the days of old knew how to
sail their vessels as well as to lead their men into
action.
In the navy of the future, says Mr. McFarland,
every officer in command of a ship is to be "an en
gineer who is competent to care for and manipulate
any of the engines on board ship, and who has been
trained to command the men who actually handle
these various engines. He is to be a specialist who
has been given careful training for the particular
work he has to do, which is different from that com
ing on any other engineer; he is to be, in short, a
fighting engineer."
The provision for the rearrangement of salaries
proposes an act of justice which has been already too
long delayed. In his report on the bill Mr. Roosevelt,
who was then Assistant Secretary of the Navy, di
rected attention to the fact that at present "the line
of the navy is the most poorly paid branch of the
Government in proportion to the duties performed
and the responsibilities involved." The bill proposes
to equalize matters in this regard by giving the line
officers of the navy the pay now granted to officers of
corresponding grades in the army.
The remaining features of the measure are not
less commendable than those referred to. The bill is
not the work of any one man. Like every other
measure affecting a large number of men, it is a
compromise. Mr. McFarland attributes the solution
of the controversy between the line and the engineers
to Captain Robley D. Evans, while Mr. Roosevelt
states in his report: "The board, with the exception of
one member, reports unanimously in favor of every
section of the bill but one." Thus recommended
the bill should have prompt adoption at the hands
of Congress. At this crisis every step which tends
to improve the navy and to do justice to its officers
and men should be taken without delay.
THE WORK OF THE RED CROSS.
T"HE CALL does not suggest the beginning nor
promote the maintenance of any public move
ment or exertion of mercy requiring an appeal
to the gentler sentiments as an advertising scheme.
Therefore it was not for such purpose that we called
attention, first of all the press of this city, to the ne
cessity of organizing to carry on the needed work of
the Red Cross. The suggestion was at once taken up
and funds needed were not slack in coming. The
result has been the extension, to soldiers from dis
tant States and our own, of most acceptable hos
pitality and comfort on their arrival, and the planting
in the hearts of thousands of these men of most grate
ful memories of California and her patriotic men and
women. Thousands of letters written home by these
American soldiers have carried back to the sad firesides
they left to serve their country the story of the wel
come which hailed them here, of the flowers and food
and the kind words of greeting. No nobler work for
men was ever done, and none of higher credit and
usefulness to the State than this.
The Red Cross Society has been given headquarter
rooms in The Call building, and its activities are com
manded and directed from the spot where its organi
zation was first recommended.
The motive of the suggestion was nothing more
than the proper forelook of a newspaper to the need
for relief of the sadness and sorrow, the suffering and
misery which are the plaintive incidents of war, and
not to turn to advertising uses the quality of mercy
which inheres in all hearts and needs only to be
shown the way to effectiveness and use.
The Call has sought to treat the war, its news, its
purpose and its necessary incidents in a spirit of'
fairness to its readers, believing that they deserve
its respect and should not be made the victims of in
decent brag and bluster or be deceived by untruthful
pretense.
We have not claimed authorship of strategy and
plans of campaign by land or sea, nor assumed credit
for the victories won and sacrifices made by brave
American soldiers and seamen.
We have been content with the proper function of a
newspaper in gathering and publishing the day's news
and carrying to their anxious and appreciative coun
trymen the story of brave deeds well done.
Among those to whom history will ascribe the
credit of disinterested motives and work as needed
and as necessary as clearness in command and cour
age in battle are the workers of the Red Cross.
Every one who aids them, whether by the full purse
of the millionaire or the widow's mite or the school
child's nickel, has done God's service in quenching
that battle agony which follows an action at arms
or the wasting miseries of the camp hospital. All
such contributors are partakers in the glories and
gains of war and earners of the blessings of peace,
which are the final object of all civilized warfare.
If the blackmailing scheme accredited to Editor
Rush of San Rafael be confirmed the man is a dis
grace to journalism, and would be a disgrace to any
jail. Yet there is no such occasion for protecting a
jail as for protecting journalism.
France is going to useless trouble in drawing up
articles of agreement for this country and Spain. She
has the European instinct for getting a finger in every
pie, regardless of the ownership of the pastry, so that
there be a plum in it.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
N. S. Niswander Is at the Palace.
Thomas A. Raymond, U. S. A., Is at the
Pala L-e.
Rev. Dr. "Wakefleld And daughter are at
the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Herbert of Honolulu are at
the California.
Mr. and Mrs. Oothout of New Tork are
guests at the Palace.
W. M. Odell of Bakersfleld Is at the
Russ House for a short visit.
George A. Laud arrived from China yes
terday and is stopping at the Palace.
Mrs. Charles Denby, the wife of the
United States Minister to China, is at the
Palace.
A. Rodero was one of the passengers on
the Belgic that came in yesterday. He will
reside at the Palace while in this city.
M. Can-ait and R. Hunacco of Santiago,
Chile, are stopping at the Palace, pre
paratory to their return home from an
extended European tour.
David S. Bachmann has taken up his
residence at the Lick. He will remain in
town a short time, looking out for his ex
tensive mining interests on the cpast.
A story Is going
the rounds con
cerning Alfred
Hickman, one of
the Frawley Com
pany. He and Ed
ward M. Bell were
at a loss for oc-
RINGING A
JOKE
ON HIMSELF.
cupatton on Sunday afternoon, and a trip
'to the Richmond camp was suggested. A
McAllister-street car was boarded and as
it was just the time of day when seats
are at a premium both Bell and Hick
man were forced to stand. At first things
moved smoothly enough, but the riding
soon told on the physical condition of
Hickman and support was needed. Hick
rnan reached for the most convenient
brace in the car and grabbed it. It was the
bell rope that registers the fares, but in
blissful unconsciousness he gave no heed
to the ringing that followed his muscular
rest. Every time he changed his position
the bell would ring. While one bell was
registering fares the other Bell recognized
that trouble was brewing for his friend as
soon as the conductor should awase from
his lethargy. Slowly the numbers In the
registering dial went round and round, for
Hickman kept a-rlnglng. Just before the
terminus of the road was reached the con
ductor made a comparison between the
register and the money in cash. His
breath came and went in quick pants. He
was just 80 cents "shy" and, scratch his
head as he would, no cause for the short
age was apparent. Suddenly he heard the
fare bell ring and he made an investiga
tion. The evidence which he discovered
was conclusive and he at once charged
Hickman with the crime. A demand for
the money was made and this nearly pre
cipitated a row. Five minutes' cajoling on
the part of Bell and the issuance of many
rich oaths and threats from the tongue of
the Incensed conductor were effective In
persuading Hickman to come to a settle
ment. He settled for the full shortage,
but he avows revenge on Bell for allowing
him to ring up a Joke on himself to the
size of seventeen car fares, and he also is
patiently awaiting an opportunity to re
turn the compliments the conductor in his
wrath heaped upon him.
SONG OF KING COAL.
I am the king of strife and calm—
Now a whistle and now a moan —
I have seized the scepter and torn the palm
Prom the Wind on his bauble throne.
My pipe In his face I boldly puff
Till his rage ray soul Inspires,
And I draw him down and his cries I drown
In the glee of a billion fires!
Oh. I am king of the land and lea.
King of the field and foam,
King of the mountain, vale and lea.
King of the hearth and home!
Heir of the lordly limbs and leaves—
Now a whistle and now a moan —
And my sires, up-garnered In mammoth
sheaves.
Oh the floors of the world were strown.
Yet, up through the starless roofs I come.
And the sentry breezes quail;
And the furnace glow Is the flag I throw
In the teeth of the howling gale!
Oh, I am king of the land and sea.
King of the field and foam.
King of the mountain, vale and lea.
King of the hearth and home!
Tears for the straining sail and sheet-
Now a whistle and now a moan —
A» the waves ride over the fated fleet
At the whim of the wild Wind blown.
But cheers for the million-muscled oars
That 1 make from drops of rain:
For as Coal I am kin*, and the song I sing
Is a dirge to the fleet of Spain!
Oh. I am kins of the land and sea.
King of the field and foam,
King of the mountain, vale and lea.
King of the hearth and home!
—Edward F. Burns in Boston Globe.
PANNING THEIR POSSESSIONS
In recent year 3 Spain has tried all over
Europe to borrow money, and its efforts
have come to practically nothing. As
Queen Isabella pawned the crown jewels
to buy Columbus an outfit to discover a
new world, so the present Queen Regent
has offered about everything the Govern
ment owns as pledge for money to retain
the small possessions that still remain
to Spain out of Columbus' discovery.
Numerous proposals to borrow on rail
way securities and the Almaden mines
have failed and various other securities
offered have been rejected. In 1891 a $50,
000,000 national loan was issued. This was
followed by a series of hand-to-mouth
treasury bill issues, which are now caus
ing runs on the banks at Madrid, Bar
celona and in other Spanish cities. In
1593 the Bank of Spain disposed of $12,500,
000 of treasury bills. From 1594 to 1596
various propositions for loans fell
through, and in 1897 the Rothschilds re
fused a loan of $20,000,000, and they are
said to have refused twice that amount
within the past two months. In 1896 au
thority was given for an $50.000,000 inter
nal loan, and in 1897 the Philippine Islands
were mortgaged for $40,000,000.
SCHOOL IN THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.
During the short winter days it would
often be noon before all the children put
in an appearance; it would either be dark
or brilliant moonlight. Smoke might be
seen lazily rising from four or five cabins
out of four or live hundred. I would light
one lamp and wait. By 10 o'clock a few
children would straggle sleepily in. just
as the day began to dawn. By 11 o clock
shortly after sunrise, the majority of the
children were at school, some coming
without their breakfasts. By half-past
12 all who were coming that day would
have appeared. It waa> hard to get up
before daylight on those cold, dark morn
ings. I often used to wish that I was one
of the little girls, so that I, too, might
sleep until daylight. No one in camp pre
tended to get up early, unless there was
some special work on hand, which must
be done.. As I was going home to my
lunch at noon friends would sometimes
call out to me: "Good morning! Come in
and have some breakfast. We have fine
moose steak and hot cakes." On Satur
days and Sundays I lived and slept as did
other people. Even when one did not sit
up later at night than 10 or half-past it
required an effort to rise before daylight.
There is something in the air and In the
manner of life which makes one sleepy.
As the days lengthened the children came
earlier to school.— The Century.
THE COMMERCE OF AUSTRALIA.
According to the statement of the Gov
ernment statist, which we published re
cently, the commerce of the seven Aus
tralasian colonies for 1897 reached the
enormous total of £137.510,000, the imports
amounting to £65,600,000, and the exports
to £72,210,0i30. These tlgures represent ilje
trade intercourse between some four mil
lions of people, and between those people
and the outside worid. If the Austral
asian colonies were federated, and the
custom house statistics embraced only
oversea commerce with other portions of
the British empire and with foreign coun
tries, the amounts we have stated would
be largely reduced. And to arrive at a
true conception of the extent of Austral
asian commerce this reduction ought to be
made. For the metallic productions of
Broken Hill, Queensland and Rlverina
wool. Western Australian and Queensland
gold, not to speak of other articles, should
not be entered three times, when they
pass through other colonies, but only
once. The duplication of entries i 3 rela
tively greatest of all in the case of South
Australia, the next largest transhipping
colonies being Victoria and New South
Wales. The returns of New Zealand and
Tasmania, which are insular, and in
less degree those of Queensland and West
ern Australia, which are comparatively
Isolated colonies, are more reliable as
guides to the true or what is called in
France and Germany the "special" com
merce of the country. Yet, supposing the
returns to be reduced by the amount of
the intercolonial and transhipment move
ments, the commerce of Australasia
would still be a splendid one, entitled to
the admiration of the world. A purely
oversea trade of between £80,000,000 and
£90,000,000 per annum is a concrete fact
of unquestionable magnitude and import
ance. — Melbourne Argus.
HARMLESS SHRAPNEL.
She— John, were you very greatly flus
tered when you proposed to me?
He— Yes. To tell you the truth, I was
so rattled that night I didn't know what
I was doing.
And yet he has not succeeded In getting
her to listen to an explanation.— Rich
mond Times.
"No, I do not love you," 6he answered.
"Why should I?"
JHe bent low until his breath Bwept her
cheek, without stopping, however, to do
the dusting.
"Because," he whispered, intensely.
It was the awful suddenness of the
thing that moved her, for although her
mind was acutely analytical, she had
never thought of that.— Detroit Journal.
Inevitable Result— "l read the other
day," said Mr. Northslde to his wife,
"of a young cannibal who ate his father
and mother, and I can readily understand
what he became."
"What did he become?"
"An orphan."— Pittsburg Chronicle.
The Voice of Experience— Edith— Oh,
Ethel, what shall I do? Jack says he
supposes it's all over between us and that
he'll send my presents back.
Ethel (experienced)— Tell him to bring
thgjn— Brooklyn Life.
Whew!— First Immaculate Housekeeper
—Have you got your spring housecleaning
done yet?
Second Immaculate Housekeeper— l
never- do any spring housecleaning. I
keep my house clean all the year 'round.
— Somerville Journal.
Attorney (sternly) — The witness will
please state if the prisoner was in the
habit of whistling when alone.
Witness — I don't know. I was never
with the prisoner when he was alone.—
Tit-Bits.
AMERICAN NAVAL HEROES.
But what American boy or girl does not
remember the Alert, which, after an eight
minutes' fight with the Essex, took her
without losing a man; the Constitution,
which, after a half-hour's fight, forced
the Guerrlere to surrender, and the Unit
ed States, which took the Macedonian,
and the Constitution, which destroyed the
Java? The English papers are now claim
ing Dewey as a successor to Drake, bai
we do not forget his more immediate kin
folk, Rodgers, Hull, Decatur, Bainbridge;
Perry on Lake Erie; Downie and Stewart!
Nor do we forget that our victories in 1812
are attributed to the better building of
our boats, the superior skill of our gun
ners, the stricter discipline of our crews.
What did we gain from this war? A bet
ter position as a nation, a stronger reli
ance on a responsive, practical unity, and
the proof that "Old Glory" never suffered
at sea.— Philadelphia Public Ledger.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
IN JULY, 1845'— J. F., Oakland, Cal. The
Fourth of July, 1845, fell on a Friday.
OUT OF THE STATES— W. C. S., City.
There is nothing in the Constitution of
the United States which says that the
President of the United States shall not
go outside of the limits of the United
States during his term of office. There
is nothing in the United States statutes
at large on that subject.
MARKET STREET— A. 8., City. The
line of Market street in San Francisco
is from northeast by southwest, generally
speaking. All that portion of the city
between the line of the Potrero and Mar
ket street has by common usage been
called "south of Market street," as that
is easier expressed than to adhere to the
strict lines as shown by the compass.
SINGLE TAX— Multi-taxpayer, City.
The proposition of the single-tax payers
is to tax the ground in a sum sufficient
to pay the running expenses of the Gov
ernment, and if there is need for public
improvement the tax is to be raised in
order to meet the extra expense, with the
understanding: that the taxation shail not
be oppressive. That is the explanation
given by prominent single-tax advocates.
A COIN— A Subscriber, City. It is im
possible to answer so indefinite a ques
tion as "What is the value of a coin in
perfect condition of Charles 11, date j
1776?" Subscriber and all correspondents ;
who want information about coins should i
give quality of the metal of which the I
coin is made, a full record of the inscrip- |
tiun thereon, size of the coin as compared I
with American coins, dates and a rubbed
impression of the coin, both sides.
MINERAL WOOL— J. D., Vallejo, Cal.
Mineral cotton is a fiber formed by al
lowing a jet of steam to escape through a
stream of liquid slag, by which the slag
is blown into fine white threads. It is
a poor conductor of heat, and is, there
fore, suggested as a covering for steam
boilers and pipes. A variety, with short
fiber, is called mineral wool, and is used
as a non-conductor of heat, a deafener
of floors in buildings, and so forth.
THE INSANE-A. O. S., City. If an in- i
dividual in the State of California has J
been committed to an asylum for the in- !
sane and it appears that the malady is not I
of a dagerous type, the relatives or '
friends can apply to the authorities of the I
asylum for permission to take charge of j
such individual and give proper treat
ment and care. The authorities will then '
decide if it would be for the best to allow ;
the patient to be discharged conditionally :
FROM FERRY TO DEPOT— D. J. M.,
Sebastopol, Cal. A stranger at the Tibu
ron ferry wishing to walk to the San
Jose depot of the Southern Pacific "with
out inquiring his way at every other
crossing," should walk up Market street
until he reaches the Claus Spreckels
building at Third, turn down Third and
walk to the end of It. There he will find
the depot on the right hand side of the
street.
OFFICER'S PAY-X. X. X., City. The
pay of volunteers in the volunteer sen-ice
of the United States is the same as that
of officers of the regular army for like
service. The amount that is paid to each
officer, commissioned or non-commis
sioned and that paid to enusted men
can be found in the back part of the
army register to be found in the Fr** '■
Public Library. This department has not j
the space to devote to the publication of !
the pay roll of the many grades.
FIRE DEPARTMENT DRIVERS-E
C. F.. City. A driver of the Fire Depart
ment is not liable to arrest and prosecu
tion for faat driving if on the way in re
sponse to an alarm of fire. It is his duty
to get his apparatus to the place of
alarm as Quickly as possible. The fire
ordinance of this city and county de-
Sinv 68 ™ 1 al steam en & lr »es and other
movable apparatus of the Fire Depart-
X- F H e Marshal and Fire Patrol shall
have the paramount right-of-way
through all streets, lanes, alleVs. places
and courts when running or going to a
NAVAL MILITIA-B. M. L., City. There
is no; such organization in the State of
California as the Naval Reserves, but
there is the Naval Militia .which is a part
™H^^ Tatio £4 Quard - When i the Naval
Militia is called out in the service of the
State the pay of the s enlisted men is $2
per i day When v the militia goes into the
service of the United States as volunters
the pay is. the same as that of men in the
United States • , Navy, acordlng :to ■ rank
The ordinary enlisted seaman's pay is $94
per month. - : : .. . .-■./. '■;.*"*
RED CROSS ASSOCIATION— Miss p
S., East Oakland, Cal. The care of the
■wounded in battle dates back as far as
history itself. In. th© time of Adri
an there were tents set apart for the
care of the wounded. In the ninth
century special corps for the care of the
wounded in battle were organized by Em
peror Leo VI. The Red Cross Associa
tion the original of the Red Cross Soci
eties of the present day, had its origin in
a proposal made in February, 18b3, b> one
Dunant at a meeting of the Societe
Genovise. to which he described the hor
rors of the Italian battlefields and asked
if it would not*be possible in time of
peace to form societies for the relief or
the wounded, when war should break out
again. This led to a general congress at
Geneva in August. 18G4, at which sixteen
European powers were represented, and
a treaty was arranged, which was signed
by all. The terms of the treaty are that
ambulances and military hospitals be ac
knowledged as neutral, with all persons
employed in them, as aiso that all inhab
itants"of the country who may bring help
to the wounded be respected and protect
ed by belligerents, and that wounded or
sick 'soldiers be taken care of, whatever
nation they belong to. May 21. 1881, Miss
Clara Barton organized the Red Cross
Society in Washington, and on March 16
following the United States gave its ad
hesion to the international work of hu
manity. The uniform and distinctive flag
bear a red cross on a white ground and
a brassard or arm badge is provided for
all individuals neutralized for field and
hospital service. Turkey diplays the cres
cent instead of the cross. The American
Red Cross Society provides for the miti
gation of suffering by wax, pestilence,
famine and other calamities. The organ
ization of a Red Cross Society in this
State was brought about through the
San Francisco Call, and what it is doing
is recorded daily.
TYPEWRITER— S. A. M., City. The
earliest record that has been discovered
of a typewriter is a patent issued in 1714
to Henry Mill, an engineer in London. In
1784 a French patent was issued for a
writer that produced raised or embossed
letters for the use of the blind. In lS4.i a
resident of Worcester. Mass., obtained a
patent, and two years later a second one.
but neither of his machines was of prac
tical value. In 1556 a patent was issued
to A. E. Beach of New York for a ma
chine that embraced the basket-like dis
position of type bars now in use on stan
dard machines. T. W. Charles Latham
Sholes of Milwaukee. AVis., in 186S ob
tained a patent for a practical machine
upon which a number of improvements
have been made.
GAS BALLOON— Reader, City. In the
memory of the oldest living resident of
the city of Sacramento, and according 1 to
the files of the local journals, the first
gas balloon ascension in that city was
by James H. Whitesides and F. F. Mar
tin, at Agricultural Park, on April <.6.
1874. The gas was furnished by the Citi
zens' Gas Company, a corporation then
in existence. Ii tapped its main and car
ried a pipe over Twentieth street to fur
nish the gas to fill the silken sphere. An
attempt was made a few days prior to
that date, but the balloon did not at that
time rise. The gas balloon ascension by
which a boy was carried up in the air
and remained there a long time was not
from Sacramento, but from San Francis
co. It was in the latter part of the
fifties that a balloon ascension was an
nounced, and after the balloon had been
inllated with gas, a newsboy named
Yablonsky, who was playing around, got
caupat in the netting when suddenly the
balloon broke from its moorings, and ris
ing rapidly carried the boy with it. He
clung to the netting for many hours, and
was carried in a northeasterly direction.
Finding that the balloon would not down,
he made a slit in it to allow
the gas to escape, and he reached the
ground near Sacramento in safety.
IRELAND'S FLAG-D. C, City. A.
| Mac George in his work on "Flags, Some
i Account of Their History and Uses," says:
"What has come to be called the 'flag of
Ireland' is a red saltlre (or St. Andrew's
cross) on a white field. But Ireland,
strictly speaking, never had, until lately,
a national flag. The Kings of Ireland
previous to 1172 were not hereditary, but
elective, and each King brought with him
and continued to use nis own standard.
After the invasion of 1172 the standard of
Ireland bore three golden crowns on a
blue field, and the three crowns appeared
jon ancient Irish coins. Henry VIII re
linquished this device for the harp, from
an apprehension, it is said, that the three
crowns might be taken for the triple
crown of the Pope, but the harp did not
appear in the royal standard till it was
placed there by James I." According to
tradition one of the early Kings of Ire
land was named David, and this King
took for arms the harp of Ireland's sweet
psalmist. It is thought that the harp
has its rise from the triangle designed in
the reign of John to distinguish the Irish
coins from the English. The reason why
a triangle was chosen may have been in
allusion to St. Patrick's explanation of
: the Trinity, or possibly to signify that he
j was King of three countries. Henry VIII
I was the first to assume the harp positive
i as the Irish device. The' green flag is said
to be emblematic of the green isle, the
harp being the device of the isle. If any
reader of this department can furnish an
account of the origin of the green flag
this department will be pleased to pub
i lish the same.
Finest eyeglasses, 15c, at 65 Fourth st. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Eureau (Allen's), 810 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ten per cent discount to soldiers In un
iform. Send your absent friends a basket
of California Glace Fruits. 50c It). Town
send's, 627 Palace Hotel building. •
Caleb Wright, who died aged 87 year*
and who was a member of Parliament
during the decade 1885-95. began work at
the age of 9 years. For twenty-one years
he worked in the same mill, beginning as
a piller and going through, the stages of
promotion until he was at lfi a spinner.
When about 30 years of age he started a
spinning mill of his own in Manchester,
and made a fortune in that business. Ho
was the son of a poor clerk at Tyldesley,
who was the father of thirteen children.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children -while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the g-ums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething op
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow'a Soothing Syrup. Isc a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship. Including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $55; longer stay,
$2 BO per da.y. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F., or E. 3. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points East. Call on T. X-
Stateler, General Agent, S3S Market St., 8. F.
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY USINO
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will give immediate relief or money refunded.
Sold In handsome tin boxes at No Percentage
Pharmacy.
Mrs. Polly Cloud Graves, who was born
on February 16. 1797, is the oldest white
woman in Lexington, Ky., near which city
she was born. When in her 81st year sha
fell and broke one of her hips, and becausa
of her age it was feared she would never
recover. But, to the astonishment of her
physician, the bone knit quickly and has
not caused her serious trouble at any
time. Her father. Major John Graves of
Virginia (no relative of her husband),
served on General Lafayette's staff dur
ing the revolutionary war.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNY*ADI WATER
HunyatiiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
. FOX—.
CONSTIPATION, ".;
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS
; ■ - ..,■ ... ■ . ,■■-. .
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." BritithMediealJournai
CAUTION: See that the label bear* Vie Hgnth
fure or the firm. . .
Andreas Saxlehnor.LEASE OF THE
SAILORS' HOME
Awarded to the Present
Management.
FOR A THREE YEARS' TERM
KLONDIKE SHIPS A DISGRACE
TQ THE GOVERNMENT.
Supervisors' Committee to Confer
With the Chamber of Com
merce on Inspection of
Vessels.
The Supervisors met yesterday, the
3elay of a day being dua to the fact
:hat the intervention of Decoration
lay, a holiday, made it necessary to
ivait one more day for the advertise
ments which must be printed for five
lays excepting holidays.
The only subject brought up that
iroused more than a passing interest
ivas that of the lease of the Sailors'
tfome, -which is now in the hands of the
Ladies' Seamen's Friend Society. The
presence of the matter before the board
ivas on a motion to transfer the home
:o the care of the Women's Seamen's
Benevolent and Protective Society, the
adies of which had accused the man
agement of sectarianism.
It was the sense of a majority of the
board that whatever sectarianism had
been detected in the present manage
ment of the home had disappeared and
that the management now is perfectly
satisfactory. A substitute to the mo
tion to remove the present manage
ment providing for the lease of the
iiome to the present management for
hree years was passed to print. This
3ractieally ends the controversy.
Supervisor Clinton submitted a reso
ution authorizing the Mayor to ap
point a committee of three to confer
,vith the officers of the Chamber of
'nmmerce, and with them to memorial
ze Congress on the subject of the great
oss of life and ships which the Klon
like excitement had brought about.
["he resolution stated that thirteen
hips and 124 passengers sailing from
his port and that of Seattle had been
ost. and the object of the committee
vas to prevent further disasters by
laving a thorough inspection of all
>utgoing sailing vessels. The Govern
nent inspects only steam vessels now,
md leaves sailing vessels out of the
[uestlon altogether.
The resolution was adopted, and Su
>ervisors Clinton, Lackmann and Mor
on were appointed on the committee.
')n motion of Clinton the Mayor was
idded to the number.
The clerk of the board was directed
0 advertise for bids for the keeping in
repair all streets now paved with
bituminous rock or those that may be
so paved after July 1.
Permission to hold monthly boxing
entertainments was granted to the
Merchants' Athletic Club. A similar
iermit was granted the California Ath
etic and Swimming Club.
By resolution submitted by Devany,
:he Putro Railroad Company was re
luired to report the amount due the
•ity for the 2 per cent of the gross
;a.rnings. as required by the franchise.
The Potrero sower plans for District
N"o. 1, as modified by the Surveyor,
,vere approved and adopted.
After the meeting was over the Su
pervisors adjourned to the committee
•oom and there in a neat speech Super
visor Delany presented to Supervisor
Rottanzi a handsome presentation
■i— a gold-mounted staff officer's
?aber, on the scabbard of which was
nscribed, "Presented to Dr. T. A. Rot
tanzi. Surgeon, California Volunteers,
by his colleagues on the Board of Su
pervisors, June 7. 1898." Dr. Rottanzi
replied in suitable words, and then
:here were three cheers for his success
md prosperity and speedy promotion.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
of the Board.
Following is a complete record of the
street improvements that passed the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
■lon:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Piercf. Oak to Page— Curbing and paving, to
City Street Improvement Company.
Waller. Pierce to S at— Same to San Fran
cisco Paving Company.
Southeasterly line of Market, Sanchez to Noe
— Sidewalks, to Gray Bros.
Third avenue. Clement to California— Grad-
Jnp, macadamizing, etc.. to P. McCaffagen.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Kugenia and Andover avenues — Grading, pipe
Si- ■'■■■ -r, sidewalk*, macadamizing, etc.
Filbert ami Hyde— Paving.
Hyde, Union to Filbert — Curbing, paving, etc.
Harwood alley, Filbert to southerly termina
tion of Harwood alley — Curbs, sidewalks and
paving.
North avenue. Holly Park to Cortland ave
nue—Grading, sidewalks and paving.
Seventh street, northwesterly line of Irwln to
northwesterly line of Hubbell — Same.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Dorland, Guerrero to Dolores — Curbs and side
walks.
Thirteenth avenue, H to I — Grading, curbing,
sewering and paving.
Lower Terrace, Serpentine place to Pluto
street — Curbing, sidewalklng, grading and pav
ing.
RECOMMENDED BT SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Pagre, Baker to Lyon— Curbing and paving.
Easterly line of Isls, 80 feet northerly from
Thirteenth, thence southerly along easterly line
of Isls for a distance of 80 feet— Sidewalks.
Northeasterly corner %t Thirteenth and Isls.
easterly along northerly line of Thirteenth for
a distance of 150 feet— Sidewalks.
Dearborn place, Seventeenth to southerly
termination of Dearborn place — Curbs and pav
ing.
Fourteenth, Church to Sanchez— Curbs and
paving.
From a point on a southwesterly line of
First, 75 feet from Tehama, thence southeast
erly along southwesterly line of First for a
distance of SO feet— Sidewalks.
One hundred and fifty feet on the northwest
erly line of Clementina, southwesterly along
northwesterly line of Clementina for & distance
of 150 feet— Same.
Northeasterly line of New Montgomery street
distant 80 feet southeasterly from Mission,
thence to southeasterly along northeasterly
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I do not believe there
VJHc2hk. is a case of dyspep-
£&i^<sttM sia, indigestion or
ig5T^ n ****«!z|r any stomach trouble
Sjw jfrj ihfit cannot be re-
«S» T*rrHr Heved at once and
?V 99f*VB6m permanently cured
\T tW ■j my dyspepsia
y^W^^^. At all druggists,
qflgfor*"gSag!W 25c. a vial. Guide
W'J^aSatSWß® to Health and medi-
''i I P' cal advice free. 1505
' , Arch Btreet, Phila, :
line of New Montgomery for a distance of 80
feet— Same. •
Bryant, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth— Curbs
and paving.
RESOLUTION OP FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Clay street. Walnut to Bitumen.
Harrison, First to Fremont— Basalt.
Clay, Baker to Bitumen.
Oak, Baker to Stanyan— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Taylor and Green— Bitumen.
waller and Central avenue—
Guerrero. Fifteenth to Sixteenth—
Belvedere. Frederick to Waller— Same. /
RECOMMENDED FOR CONDITION AL AC
CEPTANCE.
Ivy avenue, Laguna to — Bitumen.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING
GRADES.
Boswerth. Marslly, Ceuler and Milton
streets in the De Boom and Spring Valley
Homestead tracts.
Eighth. Sixteenth to Alameda— Raised to the
official line.
Alameda, Rhode Island and Do Haro—
to the official line. •;■,•/.•.
BIDS ORDERED REJECTED.
Sixteenth, Castro to a point 255 feet west
erly from same — For sewering.
McAllister, Lyon to Central avenue— For
paving.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Uranus— For grad
ing.
PROPOSALS ORDERED READVERTIBED.
Sixteenth, Castro to a point 255 feet from
same — construction of sewer.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Uranus— grading.
PROPOSALS RECOMMENDED READVER
TISED.
Easterly line of Wlllard at intersection of
Golden Gate avenue— For construction of storm
water Inlets.
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Perry. Third 560 feet easterly from same —
To property owners, for paving.
McAllister. Lyon to Central avenue — To prop
erty owners, lor paving.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Florida, Twenty-sixth to Army— To Warren
& Malley. 30 days on their contract to grade
and pave.
Julian avenue. Fourteenth to Fifteenth— To
P. Broderick, 60 days on sidewalks.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Market, easterly line of Second to easterly
line of Fifth— To City Street Improvement Com
pany, JO days on paving.
Stanyan. Oak to Frederick—
Fourteenth, Guerrero to Dolores— Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Fifteenth avenue south. Railroad avenue to
N street south— M. C. Boyan, for extension of
&0 days' time on contract to grade, etc.
Crescent avenue, Andover avenue to a point
200 feet west of South avenue.
Eighth avenue, J to X— Property-owners for
grading, macadamizing, etc.
Eleventh avenue, L to M— Same.
Eleventh avenue, north line of X to south
line of — Same.
Bryant, Twenty-sixth to Army— John Kelso,
for rejection of bids for grading.
De Long avenue and Frederick street— George-
D. Graham, for paving.
Gates and Ellsworth. Cortland to Eugenia
avenues— Manuel J. Plres, for grading, sewer-
Ing, etc.
Ashbury, from a point 150 feet north from
Eighteenth, to connect with sewer In same-
Pipe sewer.
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Eighteenth—
erty-owners, for grading, etc.
Kent, Mason westerly to conform to present
Improvements— Flinn & Treacy, for the estab
lishment of grades.
District bounded by Cortland. Crescent, San
Bruno and Andover avenues— Property-owners,
for the establishment of a system of sewers.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Thirteenth avenue, H to I— Property-owners
against grading, macadamizing, etc.
Brannan, Ninth to Tenth— Property-owners
against paving.
Dorland, Dolores to Guerrero—Property-own
ers against construction of sidewalks.
Greenwich, Mason to Taylor—
Union and Property-owners against
paving. ,
Berkshire, from westerly termination to a
point 300 feet from Diamond— Property-owners
against macadamizing, grading etc
Dolores, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth
Property-owners against sidewalks.
Jersey, Dolores to Church— Same.
Chattanooga, Twenty-fourth to Jersey—
Sixth avenue south, H to L streets south—
Property-owners against grading.
Howard. Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth—Prop
erty-owners against paving.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET
LIGHTS COMMITTEE.
Fell and Devisadero— B. E. Henrlksen, for the
erection of electric lights.
Fell and Broderick— Same.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
San Bruno avenue and Fifteenth street— ln
favor of construction of sewers and abating
nuisance. - i
Fifteenth, San Bruno avenue to Kansas —
Same.
Kansas, Alameda to Fifteenth— Same.
»Army, Noe to Castro — In favor of proceed
ing with the work of grading.
Washington, Locust to Spruee — In favor of
awarding bids to lowest bidder for paving.
Army, Castro to — In favor of grading,
sewering, etc.
Fulton. Larkin to Franklin— ln favor of post
poning street work for six months.
Army. Castro to Noe — In favor of grading,
sewering, etc. '-W
Lombard, Polk to Larkin— ln favor of pav
ing.
Fifteenth avenue south, P to O street— ln
favor of granting a hearing to property owners
before paving.
McAllister, Lyon to Central avenue— ln favor
of granting property owners permission to pave
by private contract.
Arkansas. Mariposa to Eighteenth— ln favor
of postponing paving for six months.
Bosworth, Mission to Rotteck — In favor of
postponing grading, macadamizing, etc., until I
the official establishment of grades.
Eighth street. Sixteenth to Alameda— ln favor
of establishing grades.
Alameda, Rhode Island to De Haro —
Easterly line of Franklin, Fulton to Mc-
Allister—ln favor of postponing the construc
tion of sidewalks for six months.
Eugenia avenue. Moultrle to Anderson — In
favor of postponing grading, sewering, etc.,
for six months.
San Jose avenue. Twenty-eighth to Guerrero
— In favor of postponing paving for six months.
Perry. Third to 550 feet easterly from same —
In favor of paving by private contract.
Sixteenth, Castro to a point 225 feet westerly
from same— ln favor of rejecting bids and re
advertising for proposals for construction of
sewer. ■' ■_
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or filed.
HOFF WILL NOT
HANG NEXT FRIDAY
NOTICE OF APPEAL HAS BEEN
FILED IN HIS CASE.
It Will Act as a Stay of Proceedings,
It Is Said, for a Month
at Least.
Albert Frederick George Verenesenec
kockockhoff, better known as Albert Hoff ,
who murdered Mrs. Mary Clute In cold
hlood some time ago, will not hang for his
crime within the walla of San Quentln
next Friday. For a time it was thought
that the murderer would go to his doom
for the heinous crime he committed with
out delay, but his attorneys yesterday
took advantage of the law and he has
been granted a temporary respite. Short
ly after Judge Cook convened court yes
terday morning Attorney Schooler, chief
counsel for the condemned man, appeared
and filed a notice of appeal from the Judg
ment of conviction.
The appeal to the Supreme Court will
act as a stay of execution and prevent the
hanging which was to have taken place
Friday. The grounds on which the appeal
will be made are not as yet known, but in
any event it is the opinion of Assistant
District Attorney Hosmer that all that
ca"n be gained by the move is delay. Ow
ing to trie fact that the time for the tak
ing of an appeal on account of errors
committed during the trial has expired,
nothing will go to the Supreme Court but
the Information, the plea, minutes of the
court, charge of the court and the Judg
mrnt. This will rendor the labor or the
higher tribunal less difficult In reaching
a decision, and it is thought that Hoff
will be taken to the gallows next month.
Where Is His BoatP
"William Clarke, a boatman, living at
1522 Montgomery street, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Low's court yesterday for
the arrest of Eugene Langford, Henry
Hart and "John Doe" on a charge of
grand larceny. He alleges that Sunday
morning he sailed to Harbor View and
tied his boat to the wharf while he went
to get some clam chowder. When he re
turned to the wharf his boat was disap
pearing In the distance, and he was In
formed that Langford, Hart and another
man had stolen It. Since then he has been
unable to find any trace of tho boat,
which he values at $150.
Surrendered Himself.
A. J. Greene, the attorney charged by
John Laplque with forging his name to
an order on the Public Administrator au
thorizing him to compromise his claim on
the estate of Jean Louis Ader, surren
dered himself at police headquarters yes
terday and was booked at the City Prison.
He was released on hia own recognizance
J>y Judge Mogan, j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
WAS AT THE
BOMBARDMENT
San Juan Engagement
fc*y a Participant.
A YOUNGSTER'S DESCRIPTION
ONE SHELL WHICH CAME NEAR
THE FLAGSHIP.
Frank A. Kinne, a San Franciscan,
Gives a Graphic Account of the
Second Important Naval
Battle.
Frank A. Kinne, a San Francisco
youngster, graduate of the High School
here, and the son of Colonel C. Mason
Kinne, is acting second lieutenant of ma
rines aboard Admiral Sampson's flagship
New York. His description of the bom
bardment of San Juan, Porto Rico, writ
ten to his father, ia a vivid account of
the engagement of the Spanish batteries.
The Call is permitted to make these ex
tracts from the letter:
U. S. S. New York. Key West, Fla., May 19,
We arrived here last evening from San Juan
de Porto Rico, having been gone since May 4.
When we came over from Cuba hurriedly on
May 1 and began coaling ship, taking on
stores and ammunition for a long crui=e, most
of us thought that when we left we would
have some fighting to do and It proved true,
WAS ON THE FLAGSHIP
Acting LIEUTENANT PRANK 6- KINNE of the Marines, flag
ship New York, U. S. N.
although we did not meet the Spanish fleet,
we leit here at daylight on the morning of
May 4 and proceeded to the Cuban coast and
picked up the battleships lowa and Indiana,
monitors Terror and Amphitrite, cruisers
Montgomery and Detroit, tug Wampatuck.
collier Niagara and torpedo boat Porter. With
this rather formidable fleet we steamed east
ward, and our conjectures proved true that
we were to proceed to Porto Kico and tackle
the Spanish fleet if we could find them there.
We steamed slowly, as the speed of a squad
ron is the speed of the slowest ship, and the
monitorß are not very fast. However, we ar
rived about thirty miles north of San Juan
at midnight, May 8, and the admiral issued
final instructions, although several plans of
battle had been agreed upon before. Either to
find the Spanish fleet outside the harbor, or to
find them inside or not finding them at all. to
attack the fortifications. This last Mas what
we did as the enemy had withdrawn from that
locality the day previous, we Steamed very
slowly toward the harbor, feeling our way
and keeping a very sharp lookout for the
enemy.
At 3 a. m. all hands were called and at 3:30
a. m. a light breakfast was partaken of. At
daylight we arrived in the offing of the harbor,
but not a sign of the fleet. Signals were run
up from the flagship and we formed "line of
column" on the Iowa: next came the Indiana,
then the New York, Terror and Amphitrite. in
order named. The Montgomery. Detroit and
Wampatuck were sent out as flank scouts and
to mark the ten fathom line with stake boats
for turning point. The little Porter was sent
in to reconnolter and the Niagara with the
Wampatuck were to recede out of range offlre.
The attacking line steamed in a triangle, thus
formed by the stake boats, and each In turn
as It came in range poured forth a steady
stream of shells that created chaos in the
forts and town proper.
At 6:15 a. m. the signal gun for battle was
fired from the lowa, to be Instantly followed
by her great guns and 4-inch battery. The
Indiana opened fire with her 13-inch guns, fol
lowed by her 8-Inch and 10-inch. Then the
New York and the monitors. The cruisers ot>
either flank had come to a standstill and were
pouring broadside after broadside into the forts
and town. When our shells struck the forti
fications It seemed an if a volcano had Just
broke forth, with the rocks, dirt, dust, smoke,
etc. going up into mid air. The guns on the
Morro and water batteries were silenced In
stantly and the Morro completely demolished
One of the 13-Inch shells from the Indiana
cut a steeple of a church In two as it one
were cutting butter with a knife. This was
only our first round at them. They returned
our fire, of course, but did not get our range,
and most of the shots whizzed over us but
dropped rather close for all that, and 'were
not at all inviting. We could watch them in
the air Just before they struck and they looked
like little bees buzzing alonß, but I am very
much inclined to believe that their "sting"
would be of a far different nature than that of
the busy bee.
The second round was even more fierce than
the first, as the enemy had seemed to have
gotten our range better and their shells came
too confoundedly close for comfort at all but
still none of our ships were hit until we were
nearly out of range, when two of their shots
told on us.
We were drawing away from them, having
silenced and demolished all but three gnny
when a' shell struck a stanchion on our port
quarter. It exploded, the pieces flying in hll
conceivable directions, through smokestacks,
ventilators and decks and wrecking one of our
cutters, which we were compelled to throw
overboard. It killed one of the gun's crew In
stantly, striking him in the back of the head,
and wou,ndlng three others. We carried the
poor fellows below and made them us com
fortable as circumstances allowed. The lema.
was also struck once, wounding two men, and
these were all the casualties that occurred in
our fleet of seven vessels and nearly 2000 men
engaged. On the enemy's side the slaughter
must have been terrific, us all our shots told
and thirteen-inch shells exploding in their
midst are not anything to play with.
In watching the flight of one of their shells,
which was tumbling and raising quite a whir,
it reminded me of a duck being shot on the
wing and tumbling to the water below, so
realistic was the sight. For my part, I don't
like those kind of "ducks" around us.
Another amusing Incident of the day, If such
things In such times could be called amusing,
was the daring of that little spitfire of a tor
pedo boat Porter. While reennnoitering close In
shore she drew the fire of some riflemen upon
her. "What did she do but turn her stern to
the enemy and commenced firing her little one
pounder Into their mfdst; of course amid the
roar of the great guns her fire could not be
heard, but the continual and steady puffs of
smoke from her looked very saucy. It was
comical, indeed.
Having withdrawn to a safe distance, we
counted noses, as it were, and compared notes,
and found that we were all all right save the
few sad casualties mentioned above. At 5 p. m.
we stopped and half-masted our colors, for we
on the New York had that saddest of sad rites
to perform to one of our comrades who was
with us but a few hours before, and now cold
in death and to be buried at sea. The word
was passed, "All hands bury the dead," and
if anything makes me feel creepy and goose
fleshy it is that. We all laid aft and the chap.
laln performed the ritual service. The marine
guard presented arms and he that was was de
llvpred to the depths of the sea, "Taps"'
flights out) was sounded and then three stirring
volleys given to the brave fellow who died for
his country at his post of duty. We then pro
ceeded on for this place for coal and stores
and further orders.
Take It all through, the men were cool and
collected and showed the American spirit. Such
was our second fight. FRANK A- KINNE.
PROGRESSIVE MOVEMENTS.
Merchants' Association Fighting for
Cleaner Streets and Better
Lights.
The first meeting of the new board of
directors of the Merchants' Association
was held yesterday, and the following di
rectors were present: A. S. Baldwin,
Wallace Bradford, Joseph Brltton, Charles
Bundschu, Joseph D. Grant, Marshall
Hale, Hugo D. Kell, D. V. Kelly. George
Llebes, John E. Qulnn, Hugo Rothschild,
W. R. Sherwood and Rolla V. Watt. The
only absent directors were F. W. Dohr
mtinn, now In Europe, and Vanderlynn
Stow, now In the East. The following
officers were elected for the ensuing
year: President. F. W.Dohrmann; first vice
president. A. S. Baldwin; treasurer. V.
Stow, and second vice president, Hugo
D. Keil. Acting President Baldwin an
nounced the appointment of the following
standing committees: Public affairs—Di
rectors Kelly, Hale, Grant, Quinn and
Sherwood; publicity and promotion—Di
rectors Bundsphu, Watt, Bradford, Keil
1 and Llebes: trade and finance — Directors
i Britton, Rothschild, Stow, Bradford and
i Sherwood.
The following parties were elected as
| regular members of the association: M.
I C. Baker & Son, Paul P. liernhardt ->fc Co.,
Christian Froellch, Pacific Coast Syrup
Company and John Yennekohl. The
Board of Supervisors having adopted the
plans of the association for lighting the
streets of the city, it was decided to of
fer a reward of $20 for beat design of an
electric light pole to be erected along
Market street and Van Ness avenue.
The committee upon sprinkling the
streets with salt water reported progress.
Assayer Thomas Price has been employed
to make a report to the board upon the
effect of salt water upon bituminous
pavements. As soon as this report is re
ceived further action will be taken.
Regarding the abolition of poolrooms
within the city limits, the following com
munication was received from Chief of
Police Lees:
"In reference to your letters relative to
poolrooms where pools are sold on horse
races in this city, I Inclose reports from
Captains Wittman and SpiUane of May
20 and Juno 4, 1898. Their reports of June
4 show that no poolrooms selling pools
on horse racing exist in this city, but are
now situated at Oceanside, San Mateo
County, and Sausalito, Marln County,
where they have licenses and are Belling
pools on Eastern races."
As the efforts of the board had been
exerted toward this end, the report of the
Chief of Police was considered aa a very
favorable showing of its work. The Mer
chants' Association of New York reported
that the efforts made to prevent any re
duction in the free delivery system of the
malls had met with success. Answers
were received showing that our delegation
In Congress had favorably acted upon the
telegraphic request forwarded by the
Merchants' Association of San Francisco.
DR. OPHUELS APPOINTED.
Chair of Bacteriology at Cooper's Is
Filled.
Professor Ophuels has been appointed
to the chair of pathology and bacteriol
ogy at the Cooper Medical College. Dr.
Ophuels is a graduate of Gottingen Uni
versity, and for a time was an assistant
in that college. He comes to Cooper Col
lege with high recommendations from
Johns Hopkins University.
Dr. Abfams will confine his attentions
to clinical diagnosis, being relieved by Dr.
Ophuels.
Duelists Arraigned.
John Joseph Sehl and Charles Hammer
smith were arraigned before Judge Mo
gan yesterday morning on the charge ct
assault with a deadly weapon. Their at
torneys said they were not ready to pro
ceed, and by consent a continuance was
granted till Friday.
No complaints have as yet been sworn
to by either party, and It Is the general
belief that each will refuse to prosecute
the other and the cases will fall through
The police have been unable to find any
witnesses who will say that they saw the
shots exchanged between the parties In
the lodging house, 242 Post street.
The Capron Case.
United States District Judge Morrow
yesterday dismissed the suit brought
against Kearney and others of the Cap
ron heirs by Attorney General Fitzgerald.
The action was brought to prevent the
distribution of the Capron estate.
THEY ARE NO
MORE FRIENDS
John F. English at War
With Mrs. McCord.
HAD TROUBLE OVER WINDOWS.
A HIGH BOARD FENCE NOW DI
VIDES THEIR PROPERTY.
Both Parties Believing That They
Are Right, Befuse to Yield
an Inch in the
Matter.
A thirty-foot hieh fence now divides
the friendly feeling that once existed
between John F. English, a commis
sion merchant, and the widow of John
i McCord of the well known hay and
grain firm of Scott & McCord. The
present unpleasantness is due to a dis
: pute over property rights. The result
I of the row Is that several carpenters
, have been given employment, and the
i property owned by the disputants has
' been made unsightly by the high board
1 fence being erected under the direc
| tion of English.
Some three years ago English pur
chased a piece of property on Fell
street, between Central and Masonic
avenues, and erected a three-story
dwelling on it. At that time the prop
erty on the north side was not built
upon, and English took advantage of
that fact to get all the sunshine possi
ble in the house. The north side of the
house was studded with windows look
ing out upon the vacant lot, and every
thing was satisfactory until a few
weeks ago, when Mrs. McCord bought
the adjoining property. Acting under
the advice of her friends she decided
to erect three flats on the land. She
intends occupying the lower flat and
renting the two upper flats to increase
her Income and lighten her burden in
looking after her family.
It was undoubtedly due to an over
sight on the part of the architect that
all of the windows on the side of the
flat next to the house owned by Eng
lish are on a level and directly opposite
the windows of the English dwelling and
a three-foot passageway running along
the north side of the English property
is all that divides the houses. It would
not require an acrobat to pass from one
house to the other by means of the win
dows.
English was displeased when Mrs.
McCord began to build. Her house cut
off the morning sun from his house and
darkened the rooms. He could not
make any objection to the improving of
the property, however, but he did ob
ject when he found that nearly all the
windows on the south side of Mrs. Mc
■ Cord's building were placed directly
I opposite the window's on the north side
i of his house.
English and J. V. Hull, a carpenter
and builder, had a consultation with
the representatives of Mrs. McCord.
While they objected to the location of
the windows they said that they would
not' make complaint if stained glass,
stationary windows were put In the
McCord building. The McCord people
agreed to the stained glass windows,
but would not consent to stationary
windows. They represented that the
only way of ventilating the rooms on
that side of the house would be by
movable windows.
Then English directed Builder Hull
to erect a 30-foot fence to cut off the
view into his premises..
The light has been cut off on the
south side of the McCord building, and
while the fence remains there much
difficulty will be found in securing
tenants.
There is a possibility that the Mc-
Cord people will finally consent to the
stationary stained glass windows, and
then the high fence will come down.
ARRIVAL OF THE BELGIC.
The Crew and Steerage Passengers
Were Put in Quarantine.
The steamer Belgic arrived on time
from the Orient yesterday. A case of sus
pected smallpox was discovered in the
Chinese steerage during the voyage, and
the Mongol was put ashore at Honolulu.
Dr. R«senau, federal quarantine officer,
ordered all the steerage passengers
ashore at the quarantine station and al
lowed the steamer to dock. After the
crew had been mixing with the people
from the shore for about half an hour
and the cabin boys had been on the dock
with some of the cabin passengers' bag
gnge, word came to send them all to the
island. In consequence every Chinese and
Japanese aboard was bundled into a tug
and sent into quarantine, where they will
be kept a fortnight. When the Belgtc left
Hongkong, for the week ending May 10
there had been 24G cases of bubonic plague
reported in that city and 220 deaths. Con
trary to all precedent the plague was rag
ing among the white residents.
The Belgic brought over twelve Euro
peans, thirty-five Japanese, two Mexicans
and 220 Chinese in the steerage, and the
following cabin passengers:
Mrs. R. Gore, H. E. Tomkins, J. C.
i Evans, U. S. N., Mrs. S. S. Robiaon, Mrs.
F. Wildea, B. 11. Graves, Mrs. C. Denby,
J. L. Flood and valet, Miss Fritz and
maid, Colonel W. D. Wolverton, U. S. A.,
A. de Peufeilhoux, Mrs. McNear. Miss
Verbeck, Mrs. W. A. Young, Miss J. Hew
itt, S. W. Mitchell, F. B. L. Bowley, R. H.
Swayne, Mrs. E. E. Shattuck, Mrs.
Charles McCreary, Dr. B. Tomatsuri, I.
O'Callaghan, Colonel A. G. Dickinson, W.
i R. Sewell, Miss Watson, A. Obst, Dr. G.
! Ellacomb, R. Phelps Jr., Professor A.
Koebele, G. D. Freeth, S. W. Cowles, Mrs.
! Isenberg, Miss Frear, E. H. Grossler, W.
t Prange, Dr. C. P. Kindleberger. U. S. N.,
| Colonel G. A. Loud, Miss McMlnn, Miss
! Wildes, Mrs. E. 8. Joseph, Miss Coltman,
! Miss C. M. Flood, W. S., Fritz, Miss Wol
' verton, S. B. McNear, J. H. Hewson, 3.
E. Young, Paul Balas, Captain A. Hamil
ton. R. A., E. J. Bates, Mrs. Swayne, Miss
M. C. Clark, A. Roders, Count H. Mutso,
Mrs. O'Callaghan, Mrs. Dickinson, Mrs.
Sewell, Paul Lindenburg, B. Kemp Welch,
E. B. Wettenhall, Judge G. H. de la
Vergne, Rev. T. A. Cruzonne, Master
Freeth, O. Harley, Mrs. H. S. Carter and
infant, Mrs. A. Herbert, Mrs. Grossler, H.
A. Isenberg, Mrs. W. Frear, Mrs. Dr. Wa
ters, Miss J. F. Bates, W. A. Young.
The steamer Samoa did not get ar.v
for St. Michael with the barge Mona^n
and stern wheel- steamer Clara in tow yes
terday. The steamer had more passen
gers aboard than the law allowed, so
twenty of them were put aboard the
Clara as "a crew." This was objected to
by the inspectors of hulls and boilers, and
until some alterations have been made in
the plans the vessel will be detained in
port. The Clara is being carried on the
barge Monarch, so that the latter will be
a rather unwieldy tow.
The schooner Carrier Dove lost her
yawl last Sunday, and her captain is anx
ious to know where the boat drifted to.
It is painted red, and the general impres
sion Is that some of the bay thieves stole
it, and that it will never be seen in the
wake of the Carrier Dove again.
Another Klondike steamer arrived from
the East yesterday. The Professor Morse
got in from New Orleans and will be got
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
castoria
ready for the St. Michael trade aa quickly
as possible. She has been purchased by
the Alaska Venture Company, at the head
of which is Millionaire Smith, "the Borax
King."
The Clarkson Case.
The case for the prosecution in th« trial
of William Clarkson for embezzling gold
bullion from the Mint w»» closed yester
day and several witnesses were examined
for the defense. It is expected that all
the evidence will be in to-day and the
case submitted to the Jury.t
THE CHARTS WERE
VERY INCORRECT.
CAUSE OF THE WBECK OF THE
CORONA ASCERTAINED.
Seven Fathoms of Water in the Place
Where She Struck on the Beef
and Sank.
Captain O. F. Bolles and J. K. Bulgrer,
local Inspectors of steam vessels, have
completed their reports as to the loss of
the steamship Corona and the accident
on the Pomona.
In the first-mentioned case the board
found as follows: The Corona, Captain
George H. Pierce master, left Seattle Jan
uary 2, with freight and passengers for
Sitka and way ports. At 7:12 a. m. on
January 23 she struck on a reef near the
southeast end of Lewis Island, Arthur
Passage, British Columbia. She filled
with water In a short time and sank.
At the time of the accident the weather
was dark and cloudy. Acting Pilot H. C.
Kaufman steered the vessel in the same
way as is customary in that locality. At
the place where the ship struck there is
marked on the chart seven fathoms of
water and no indications of rocks. Cap
tain Pierce had made but one voyage pre
viously as master in these waters. The
board found that the actual damage to
the Corona, which was afterward raised,
was 130,000. The report concludes as fol
lows:
"After careful consideration of the case
we are of the opinion that Captain Pierce
was not to blame In connection with the
accident."
In the matter of an accident on board
the Pomona, being the blowing out of a
blind tube, near San Diego, causing the
death of Coal Passer Robert McNelu, the
board said;
"In our opinion the'explosion would not
have occurred had the eight tubes in the
starboard boiler not been removed and
the holes in the tube sheets closed with
blind tubes about twelve inches long, and
which had not been expended inside suf
ficiently to bear the frictlonal pressure on
the blind tube that blew out."
LIQUOR MEN ARE
UP IN ARMS
OBJECT TO SECTIONS OP THE
EVANS BILL.
A Strong Protest Sent to Washington
Against Crippling the Small
Dealers.
The announcement yesterday that the
measure popularly known as the Evans
bill had passed the House In "Washing
ton raised Into a breeze among local li
quor men. The bill provides that all
packages of one gallon and upward must
be stamped by the Revenue Department,
whereas up to now packages of less than
five gallons have been exempt.
The following protest, signed by forty
four prominent liquor firms, wu last
night sent to Washington:
We, the undersigned merchants of San Fran
cisco, object strongly to sections 4, 5 6, 7 and 8
of the Evans bill reducing the bonded period
and requiring Internal revenue inspection to
be made and stamps issued on packages less
than five gallons and not less than one gallon.
Our objections to these sections are that they
will not increase the internal revenue receipts
one dollar and that they afford no additional
protection against fraud. It will greatly de
crease the income of the department by adding
to the expenses as a larger force of Inspectors
must be employed to make the Inspection and
collect stamps.
To us the bill Is objectionable as It hampers
us In our business, delays us In the delivery
of "our goods sold. Increases our expenses, en
larges the details of our revenue work, sub
jects us to further espionage by revenue offi
cers without reason and without any corre
sponding benefit to the department.
We ask you to place this matter before Sena
tor White and the Pacific Coast delegation and
ask for us that they unite in determined op
position to the said sections. The rest of the
bill Is unobjectionable.
The advocates of the bill. Ignoring the
extra trouble entailed on dealers and rev
enue officials, claim that the sections will
minimize adulteration and "moonshin
lng."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AIDED BY MBS. PINKHAM.
© — - — -
Mrs. W. E. Paxton, Youngtown,
North Dakota, writes about her strug-
gle to regain health after the birth of
her little girl:
" Dear Mrs. Petkham:— is with
pleasure that I add my testimony to
your list, hoping that it may induce
others to avail themselves of your val-
uable medicine.
"After the birth ■of my little girl,
three years ago, my health was very
poor. I . had leucorrhoea badly, and a
terrible bearing-down; pain which
gradually grew worse, until I could do
no work. Also had headache nearly
all the time, and dizzy feelings. Men-
struations were very profuse, appear-
ing every two weeks. ; f r
" I took medicine from a good doctor,
but it seemed to do no good. I was
becoming alarmed over my condition,
when I read your advertisement in a
paper. I sent jat once for a bottle of
Lydia . E. v Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
ponnd, and after taking two-thirds of
the bottle I felt so much better that I
send for two more. After using three
bottles I felt as strong and well as any
one. ■: } :■ . ." v£
" I think it is the best medicine for
female weakness ever advertised, and
recommend it to every lady I meet suf-
fering from this trouble." f
Maternity is a wonderful experience
and many women approach it wholly
unprepared. Childbirth s under right
conditions need" not terrify women.
, The advice of Mrs. Pinkham is freely
offered to ; all expectant mothers, and
her advice is beyond question the most
valuable to be obtained. . : If Mrs. Pax-
ton had written to Mrs. Pinkham be-
fore confinement she would have been
saved much suffering. Mrs. Pinkham's
address is Lynn, Mass. ■
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEB^LGAME.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets, ,
THURSDAY ;".. ........... .JUNE »
PICKED NINE
From the Thirteenth Regiment of Minnesota
". : -Volunteers
SAN FRANCISCO BASEBALL CLUB.
Game called at 2:30 p. m.
Admission •J-;:;:'rCT;v:r;7t~r.."V7:..^7T7.........• J -;:;:'rCT;v:r;7t~r.."V7:..^7T7.. ....... 25c
: Entire receipts donated to RED CROSS
SOCIETY of San Francisco. ;■•■
SUTRO BATHS.
i ' , ;.; OF»EIN NIGHTS.
Open | Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c - -r- : " - CHILDREN So
Haihiag. with admission, 23c; children, 29a. .
, ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
HRGMA "\
REMEDIES
Cure for the sick
THE LATEST WONDERFTJIi
"l MEDICAL ■-"•
DISCOVERIES
VIEGINIA^PEOTORAL
The Most "Wonderful' Remedy Discovered
for the positive cure of Consumption, Chro-
nic Coughs and Lung Trouble. ' '
Also hieiy recommended for the cut* or
General Debility, Stomach Trouble, Consti-
pation, Kidney Trouble, Palpitation of the
I Heart, La Grippe, and is also an excellent
blood purifier. .
The Virginia Pectoral contains no drag*
or nanseative substances.- But Is made ex-
olusivley from roots and herbs imported di-
rect from Mexico, and its wonderful healing
and restorative qualities are unexcelled.
( Price per pint Bottl*
■1 $1.25.
. (. . Delivered Free.
r VIBGINIAjaTEEUS : SALVE
A positive restorative for all female dl-
ceases, and disorders. • ' ■ /
; This marvelous remedy is made almost
exclusively from roots and herbs Imported
from Mexico, and contains no drugs or m-
I jurious substances. .
■ It is a positive cure for womb trouble ana
i no medical instruments are used. •
! Many females have been cured after nay
i Ing been given up by Doctors, who subject"
ed them to use of medical Instruments. /
( Price per Bottla r
■I 81.00
,'.■. ■>>}(. Delivered Fre« )
VIEGINIA_PILE SALVE ' N
! A positive cure for internal, Bleeding and
■ Protruding Piles. /4*-,-V;V/
! Contains no drugs or poisonous matter.
j Made principally from roots, herbs and
seeds.
! TheVißGrKiA Pile Sai/vk will "cure pi-
i les of not more than 2 years standing In 9
daily applications, and will cure piles of
! lone standing, in from two to three weeks,
by daily applications of Salve.
A Cure guarantee! in all cases where In- -
it ructions are strictly followed or money
refunded. - V 1^ -n **i ; '
.-_.- ./ f Price t>er Bottl. /
X Delivered Free. A
( Delivered Free, $
VIRGINIA RHEUMATISM I
LINiriENT
A marvelous restorative for inflamma"
tory and sciatic rheumatism.
Wonderful cures of long standing inflam*
matory and sciatic rheumatism have
been effected by the use of the Virginia
Rheumatism Lijtiiiekt, taking in conjunc-
tion therewith the (Virginia Pectoral.
This remedy is made partially from ex-
tract of Mexican barks and roots, and con-
tains no injurious matter. ;
Where used according to directions a posi-
tive cure guaranteed.
| After you have tried all other remedies
without obtaining relief give the Virginia.
Rheumatism Liniment a trial, and be cur-
ed. BBI^ABBWfiBVKfIHiHHiH
( Price per Bot*le
X Delivered Free ~
( Delivered Free
Made by the VIRGINIA PECTORAL CO.
San Francisco, CAL.
" Mrs. ■V. G. Josephs, Manager (and Disco-
verer of Remedies) can be consulted dally
except Sundays, without charge at
i room 211% examiner building. '
San Francisco, Cal. .'
Hours 10 A. M. to 12 M. and 1.30 to 5 P. M.
(Consultation Free)
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Second Week of the Popular Eastern Actor,
GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a magnificent production of th« Great
Scenic Melodrama.
THE COTTON KING.
Under the Supervision of the Well-Known
Eastern Actor,
H. PERCY MELDON.
Second Week of the Sterling Juvenile Actor,
MJ\X. \/OIN miTZEL.
Produced With a Strong Stock Cast.
Tlir Great Mill Scene!
Hr Thrilling: Elevator Scene!!
MIL Cotton Mills in Full Operation!!!
BALDWIN THEATER.
Special Return Engagement.
ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY.
THIS (WEDNESDAY) AFTERNOON at 1:11. .
THE GREAT TRIO.
YSAYE, GERARDY and LACHAUME
In a Brilliant Programme.
POPULAR PRICES.
Last Opportunity to Hear These Artist*.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
CLAY CLEMENT
As Baron Hohenstauffen
—IN THE
NEW DOMINION.
June THE NEW FRAWLEY COMPANT. :'
MATINEE TO-DAY, WED., JUNE 8.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Chil-
j dren, 10c, any part. ■'.:;- ~,
KATIE ROONEY, "A Chip of the Old '
Block"; WILLS and LORETTO, "The Tramp -
and the Soubrette"; ALBURTUS and BART-
RUM, Champion Club Swingers; EZRA KEN-
DALL, Humorist; LAMONT FAMILY, Eu-
! rope's Acrobats; MUSICAL JOHNSONS, Xylo-
phone Wonders; PROFESSOR LEONID AS,
i Dog and Cat Circus; AL LEACH and the I
ROSEBUDS: HARRY ALLISTER, Now Im-
personations. •-.-■■ ',
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs-Ernestine Krellng.Proprletor and Manager.
EVERY EVENING.
AN
AMERICAN HERO!
"JUST : WHAT YOU OUGHT TO SEE." ;
I OUR PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLB.
UP TO THE SPIRIT OF THE TIMES. ,
Great Cast— Superb Scenery.
■■ - Correct Costumes— Appropriate Accessories.
THRILLING NAVAL BATTLE.
NEXT— ALI BABA. -
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
j Popular Prices ..: — :......;...... ...25 and Mo
No Telephone. : : .v.. v . - -..* j;.-'
AT /~1 Arj An SEATS BY '
ALCAZAR. MA ,,?>i£L=.
15c, 23c, 35c, 50c.
LAST NIGHTS— LAST NIGHTS.
LEWIS MORRISON,
THE MASTER O^CEREMONIES I
■ MATINEE SATURDAY. '
NEXT (LEWIS MORRISON.
WEEK I"A CELEBRATED CASE." :
SEATS NOW ON SALE. ; .
THE SENSATION OP THE CITY IS v
HENRI MAURICE GANNON,
THE " GREATEST GUN ' ON EARTH, : ,
f\T THE CHUTES 1
EVERY. - AFTERNOON AND EVENING. : :
A Great Vaudeville Performance in the
* FREE THEATER. '- -
SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM ALWAYS FREE.
lCc, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, So,
r»T VMPTA I Cof n»; of Mt»on «n<
KJL, I IUfIA | . ■ .. . Eddy Suoti _
THE BIOGRAPH. '
The Greatest Projectoacope In the World.
.Life scenes of thrilling Interest from the ■eat
of war. * A great ' olio ; of strong : •paoialties. -
jldmlsslonlreo. Matinee Sunday.. 7^>.
78
THE MONTEREY OFF FOR. MANILA
Sailir>g of tf)e Mon
itor ar>d the Col
lier Brutus.
Early Next Week; the Fleet
of Troopships Will Sail.
Paymaster in Camp.
Next Monday is the date now fixed
upon by the local war lords for the
embarkation of the second expedition
to the Philippines, and Tuesday as
the day of departure. These dates
may be shortened by twenty-four or
possibly forty-eight hours before the
end of the week, but the prevailing
opinion around the various general
headquarters is that the troops and
transports will not be ready for the
long voyage before that time.
As for the strength of the expedi
tion, nothing has developed to change
the plans already announced in The
Call. The steamers China, Zealandia
and Colon will comprise the fleet,
while one battalion each from the
Eighteenth and Twenty-third United
States Infantry, the First Colorado,
Tenth Pennsylvania, two batteries
of light artillery from Utah and a
detachment of the Signal Corps will
be the occupants of the transports.
Second Lieutenant Hooper of the
First Colorado was sent aboard the
A LUCKY SOLDIER.
CORPORAL C P. AMES,
Company D, First Nebraska Volunteers.
* The Secretary of War has direct- *
* ed that Corporal C. P. Ames, *
•* First Nebraska Volunteer Infantry, *
* should report to the commandant *
■X- of the Corps of Cadets, West Point *
•* Military Academy. The young sol- -X
* dler recently passed the prellmi- -x-
Ht nary examination for admission to *
* the Academy. *
* *
Zealandia yesterday with a detail of
six men each from his own regiment
and the Tenth Pennsylvania to guard
the stores already placed on board.
Detachments will be sent to the other
ships as soon as they begin to receive
their stores.
Brigadier General Frank Greene, who
is to command the next brigade to sail
for Manila, will probably appoint Lieu
tenant Bates as his adjutant. Both of
these officers come from the Seventy
first New York. General Greene is
dally consulting with General Merritt
in regard to the details of this expe
dition.
The three trains conveying the Fifty
first lowa Volunteers to San Francisco
passed Offden yesterday and are ex
pected to reach Oakland some time to
night. The troops will not cross the
bay until to-morrow.
The trains having on board 843 re
cruits from Fort MePherson, Georgia,
for the Eighteenth and Twenty-third
Infantry regiments will arrive here on
Friday.
AT CAMP MERRITT.
Portion of the Volunteers Given
Two Months' Pay — Seventh's
New Quartermaster.
Two mule teama drove out to Camp
J^errltt yesterday with sufficient coin to
pay the officers and men of the Colorado,
Pennsylvania and Utah troops up to
June 30, In acordance with Instructions
from Washington to give all troops two
months' pay prior to embarking for Ma
nila. Paymasters Whipple and Kllbourne
accompanied the treasure, which was
guarded by a detachment of cavalry. The
great pile of gold and silver was a source
of considerable Interest to the Pennsyl
vanlans, the majority of whom had never
before seen so much "hard money" at
one time. The others, of course, coming
frem the West, were entirely familiar
with the "good red gold."
All the regiments have transmitted
their muster rolls to the pay Inspector,
and more coin will be disbursed during
the week.
Captain A. W. Klmball, promoted from
first lieutenant and quartermaster of the I
Seventh California, to captain and as- I
sistant quartermaster, has been relieved
from duty with that regiment and or
dered to report to General Merriam, com
manding the Department of California,
for duty. D. C. Williams, who for the
past four years has been connected with
the quartermaster's depot in this city,
under Major Long, has been appointed to
succeed Captain Kimball on Colonel
Berry's start. .Lieutenant Williams is a
native of Kentucky and a graduate of
the Military Academy of Ohio. His
brother, Colonel Charles W. Williams,
was formerly in charge of the supply de
pot here, but is now stationed at Jeffer
sonville.
Colonel Berry of the Seventh California
will detail three qtiicers to go to the
southern part of the State for recruits
as soon as orders come from Washington
to fill the regiment to the maximum of
106 to the company. It is Colonel Berry's
intention to rill each company with re
cruits from its home station, and he says
there will be no difficulty whatever In se
curing all the men he needs in two days'
time. The recruiting officers expect to
start on their mission the latter part of
the week.
The Twentieth Kansas Regiment and
one battalion from Idaho were Inspected
in heavy marching order by Colonel
Hughes of General Merritt's staff yester
day morning. In the afternoon the Sec
ond Idaho Battalion and the Wyoming
troops were inspected. The men marched
to the southern slope of the Presidio
reservation, where they pitched their
shelter tents and broke carifp under the
Inspector's supervision. The Seventh
California. First Montana and the two
Dakota regiments will be Inspected dur
ing the week.
A detachment of the Signal Corps has
gone into camp on the field with the
Fourteenth Infantry.
A brigade court-martial sat in the head
quarters of the Third Brigade yesterday
and tried several prisoners for minor of
fenses.
Majors Btrother, Sturgls and Hale re
ported to Major-General Otis yesterday
for duty. They are attached to his staff.
Captain William A. Tucker, commis
sary of subsistence of volunteers, has '
been ordered to report to General Otis
at Camp Merritt for duty as chief com
missary on the staff of General Ander
son, who sailed with the First Brigade
for Manila. Captain Tucker will sail with
the next brigade. -
Brigadier-General Green has established
his headquarters adjoining Major-General
Otis' headquarters. General. M. P. Miller
is located on the same lot with the en
gineer company.
CHRISTIAN COMMISSION.
Special Meeting To-Day of
Evangelical Clergymen
for Army Work.
Deep interest is manifested on the part
of the city clergy in regard to the United
Sfnfs Army Christian Commission of the
Young Men's Christian Association, which
has been organized in nearly all the
States and larger cities of the Union.
The work is to be conducted similar to
that done during the civil war, and as the
work of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation is exclusively a work for men by
men it hns been unanimously decided in
all the Eastern States that this is the
proper agency through which this line of
work should he undertaken; consequently
the War Department has given It its most
unqualified Indorsement. When the first
volunteers were called W. B. Millar, one
of the International Young Men's Chris
tum Association secretaries, was detailed
for this special work, and proceeded at
once to Washington. D. (\. where he
r»-:i <iiiy received all necessary approval of
the work. General John MeCook of New
York la chairman of the national move
ment and D. L, Moody, General O O
Howard, Major Whittle and other promi
nent evangelists have charge of the evan
gelistic department.
The city clergymen, in consultation
Monday, decided this was the legitimate
course to pursue, and have called a meet-
Ing of the special committee to take place
at the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion building to-day at 2 o'clock^ when it
In fxpr-cted Mr. McCoy will outline the
course of procedure, and the United
States Army Christian Commission of the
Young Men's Christian Association will
probably be organized for the State of
California next Monday. It is confidently
hoped that D. L. Moody will be In San
Francisco in a few weeks to take up spe
cial evangelistic work at Camp Merritt
under direction of the San Francisco
Young Men's Christian Association.
THE ARTILLERY CAMP.
Five Batteries in the Field.
Fourth U. S. Cavalry
Awaiting Orders
The artillery ramp on the Presidio plain
engages the attention of spectators and
elicits comments of commendation from
officers of the army. Yesterday Captain
Birkhimer's Battery L, Third Artillery,
came over from Lime Point on the steam
er McDowell and joined Major Hess' camp
of artillerymen. The camp at present
contains three batteries of the Third
United States Artillery and two batteries
of California Volunteer Heavy Artillery.
Captain Hobbs' battery of the Third Ar
tillery, now at Alcatraz, may join the
camp to-day.
Recruiting for the artillery Is progress
ing In a manner highly gratifying to Ma
jor Hess. The maximum strength of a
battery of heavy artillery is two hundred
men. Should the present activity In re
cruiting be maintained for two weeks the
full force of twelve hundred for the six
batteries of the camp will be secured.
.Lime Point, which Major General Nel-
Bon A. Miles is pleased to term the Gib
raltar of the Pacific, is now garrisoned
by Battery B of California Volunteer Ar
tillery. The station is one of the most
Important on the Pacific Coast. When
but few troops were stationed here mili
tary men expressed the hope that The
Call would not direct attention to the fact
that but a small garrison was on duty at
i.ime Point. It was said that the Span
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JinSTE 8, 1398.
lards might land a small force on the
Marin coast, seize the battery of high
power guns and practically demolish the
forts on this side of the channel. The
Lime Point battery is one of the highest
in the world. A trained force occupying
the works could destroy the batteries on
this side of the Golden Gate.
The news published in The Call a few
days ago that the Fourth United States
Cavalry had been assigned to the First
Brigade of the expeditionary forces des
tined for the Philippines gave rise to a
wild story that the regiment had received
orders to embark for Manila. The troop
ers have received no orders other than
those published in The Call, and they do
not expect to be included among the
forces to sail next week, although orders
to go at once would be welcome news.
The following order was issued yester
day:
PRESIDIO OF SAN FRANCISCO,
June 7, 1898.
Each troop commander will submit without
delay the name of sergeant fitted by lengrth of
service and soldierly qualities to be a member
of the Gnnrd of the Standard. By order of
LIEUTENANT-COLONEL MORRIS.
GEORGE H. CAMERON, First Lieutenant
Adjutant.
Seven troops of the regiment are now
at the Presidio, and another troop will be
along In a day or two. The seven organi
zations now here have been recruited to
the maximum of 100 for each troop.
Among the recruits from the East were
many fine youngsters, who came with let
ters commending them to the officers of
the Fourth. The standard Is high in this
organization of regular cavalry. College
graduates, robust young fellows of means
and others who prefer the life of a troop
er in time of action to a leisurely exist
ence in a comfortable Eastern home may
be found in the regiment.
VOLUNTEER SIGNAL CORPS
Expert Telegraphers Wanted,
to Whom L-iberal Pay
Will ]Be Given.
There is a demand for expert telegraph
operators in the United States Volunteer
Signal Corps, the recruiting office for
which is on the fourth floor of the Phelan
building. The term of enlistment Is for
the war. Any operator desiring to enlist
must present a certificate from a man
ager of the Western Union, the Postal or
some other well-recognized telegraph or
ganization, that he is a competent tele
grapher, of high moral character, correct
habits and of such standing that the man-
agcr or superintendent signing the certi
ficate would be willing to employ him as
an operator in his own oflice. There
seems to be a lack here of such men de
sirous of enlisting in the Signal Corps,
and hence recruits will be sent for from
the Eust.
The quota of electricians and other men
is now full, and all applicants for enlist
ment for this branch of the service are
being declined.
Under the law the Signal Corps Is au
thorized to consist of one colonel, one
lieutenant-colonel, one major as disburs
ing orncer, and such other officers and
men as may be required, not exceeding
one major for each army corps, and two
tains, two first lieutenants, two see
on", lieutenants. live tlrst-claes ser
vants, ten sergeants, eleven corporals
and thirty first-class privates to each or
ganized division of troops, provided that
two-thirds of all officers below the rank
of major and a like proj^rtion of the en
listed men shall be skilled electricians or
telegraph operators. Something over 100
men according to this arrangement, are
to be enlisted in the Signal Corps, now
being organized for the Philippines. The
"'"of Signal Corps men is higher than
that °n other branches of the military ser
vice, except in the Engineer Corps, where
it is the same, it being as follows: First
class sergeants. $:,4 per month; sergeants.
$4080- corporals, $24; privates, $20 41).
GOING TO THE FRONT.
Application From the Christian
Endeavor Society Approved
by General Merritt.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Arthur P. Alexan
der a well-known Christian Endeavorer
of Oakland, who recently returned from
a nine months' voyage on the missionary
«hlr> Morning Star, has been selected to
go to the Philippine Islands to superin
tend the Callforn-ia State I nlon s work
among the soldiers and sailors of that
V *A "letter signed by Miss Mindora L.
Berry, making application to the com
manding general for Mr. Alexander to ac
eompanv the troops, was favorably con
sidered," as the following indorsement at
tests:
Headquarters United States Expedition
ary Forces and Department of the. Pa
cific
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., June 7, 1898.
Permission to accompany the expedition
to the Philippine Islands is granted Ar
thur P Alexander of Oakland, Cal., on
the understanding that the Christian En
deavor Society of California will hold
themselves financially responsible for him,
and that all the expenses of passage will
be paid by them. The major-general com
manding Camp Merritt will assign Mr.
Alexander for transportation to one of the
ships now preparing. By command
MAJOR-GENERAL MERRITT.
Assistant Adjutant-General.
Supplied With Arms.
Guns and ammunition were supplied to
the two battalions of Washington Volun
teers at Fontana Barracks yesterday. The
guns are Springfield rifles of the latest
pattern. The non-commissioned officers
have been furnished with revolvers, and
each company has two shotguns, which
are to bo used for the killing of game.
This nearly completes the equipment of
the Washlrigtonians, who are now anxious
to try their guns on the Spaniards as tar
gets.
Yesterday a party of ladles presented
to the Washington Volunteers a flag of
the regulation size, and it was at once un
furled to the breeze from the flagstaff of
the Fontana Barracks.
Washington Volunteers.
Private Howard D. Madison of Company
E, First Washington Volunteer Infantry,
found guilty by a general court-martial
at Fontana Barracks of willfully disobey
ing the orders of his superior officer, and
sentenced to be dishonorably discharged
and to be confined at hard labor for one
month, with the forfeiture of all his pay,
will, by command of General Merriam, be
imprisoned at the Presidio.
Private John \V. Stephens of Company
A, First Washington Volunteer Infantry,
convicted by a general court-martial of
being absent without leave and using pro
fane and abusive language to a non-com
missioned officer in the execution of his
duty, has been sentenced to be confined at
hard labor in charge of the guard for one
month, and to forfeit $12 of his pay. By
command of General Merriam the sen
tence will be executed at the place where
his company may be serving.
LOVE'S LABOR.
A Father Crosses the Continent
to Say Good- By to His
Son.
There was a scene of parental and filial
affection at the Occidental Hotel last
night when the overland influx arrived.
W. H. Saam of Irwin, Pa., one of the ar
rivals, jumped down from the bus and
dashed into the lobby, where he was
greeted by a young soldier of the Penn
sylvania Regiment. The young man was
no other than his son Kennett, and the
purpose of his father's visit was a com
plete surprise to him.
The elder Saam says his trip to Califor
nia is a complete surprise to himself. He
was returning home to his lunrh ,mo day
last week when a friend informed him
that the ship on which his .sou uuuid muj
would leave this city in six days. He did
not hesitate a moment, but, ordering his
baggage to be packed at once, he started
for California a few hours later. Mis only
object was to grasp his son's hand once
more before he leaves for th<? Philippines
and to wish him godspeed and a bon voy
age.
Father and son walked up and down the
corridor of the hotel with arms locked
and it was a late hour when they sepa
rated for the night with a host of plans
formed for the morrow.
Reception to the Swedes.
The Swedish soldiers from the camps of
volunteers were given a reception in the
Swedish Congregational Church last even-
Ing. It was not only a reception, but also
a banquet in a small way, ami all that
was not consumed by the visitors was
packed up and will be takon to the
camps this morning. Re\ . C;. rl Anderson
of the Swedish church of Oakland and
Rev. Albin Anderson, pastor of the local
church, were the speakers of the evening.
In the Swedish language they exhorted
their hearers to be true to their traditions
of their race and to the flag in whose ser
vice they were enlisted, and they called
up the familiar names In Swedish and
Scandinavian history and cited them as
examples to be remembered and fol
lowed.
There was singing by tho Sunday-school
children and by the oholr. and then every
one was invited Into the basement of the
church, where tho ladies had spread a
supper Mt to attr.-.ct any number of hun
gry volunteers and to provide for them
all. There were Dearly a hundred soldiers
and as many more visitors at the church
and the affair was voted a grand success'
Food Inspectors at Camp.
Two of the surgeons of the First North
Dakota Volunteers called at the Health
Office yesterday and asked that some of
the inspectors be sent out to the camp to
inspect the meat that was being fur
nished the soldiers. Chief Inspector
A YELLOW WAIL.
One Poor Special Commis
sioner of the Examiner Be
moans The Call's
Enterprise.
Through the medium of a carrier pigeon this wall has reached the
joss house across the street— also the public. It Is a message from a
special commissioner of yellow Journalism chiding his superiors for
their rank stupidity and Informing them that, as usual, in a matter
that would naturally present itself to any mind of ordinary intelligence,
they wore found wanting.
Undeterred by the Jarring he had received at the hands of ex-
Presldent Cleveland but a short time before, Chief Faker Hearst, upon
learning of the great victory at Manila through the Herald-Call dis
patches, set about to use the hero of the battle as an advertisement for
his illegitimate schemes. Dewey was on the other side of the globe,
and if he did object to being made a mark for lurid journals the ob
ject would be accomplished before his protest could reach this country.
So a tawdry admiral's ensign was secured and given in charge of a
"special commissioner" to present to Dewey. The commissioner and his
prize package sailed on the Charleston, which left for the Philippines
on May 22. On June 6 a carrier pigeon was shot near Salinas, and it
was found to bear the following message from the "commissioner":
ON BOARD U. S. CHARLESTON. Noon, Sunday, May 22.— Examiner,
San Francisco: We are now well on our way steaming at about twelve
knots. The weather Is beautiful and there Is a steady swell on. Many of
the Jackles are more or less affected, but If It gets no worse to-morrow
will see them all with good sea legs on. The Farallones are just to the
northeast. Here is a message from Captain Glass to bulletin and publish if
you see fit:
ON BOARD U. S. CHARLESTON. AT SEA. Noon, May 22. -Editor
Examiner: Please ask Navy Pay Office to report us Lat. 37-23 N. Long.
723-07 W. Weather fine. Light breeze from S. W. Sea moderate. Made
a fine start.
(Signed) GLASS.
Private—No papers were sent to me this morning and The Call loaded the
ship with a large supply to be taken to the fleet and to Honolulu. For
C 's sake get me a supply of all papers off on the Peking. Will fly the
last birds at 3 p. m. Glass will fly some later to the Navy Yard, but I
don't think they will get there. DOUGLAS WHITE.
There was not enough legitimate enterprise among the entire lot of
Hearstllngs to send a bundle of papers out to the first ship that would
reach the fleet at Manila.
But the thought suggests itself that possibly the omission was Inten
tional. Naturally, the commissioner could not be expected to capture
the admiral the moment the Charleston dropped anchor off Cavite, and
the hero of Manila Bay might obtain a copy of the saffron sheet con
taining an intimation of what was in store for him, in which event he
would probably exchange the commissioner with the Spaniards for a
yellow dog and order the offering of a feather-brained editor thrown
overboard. If this surmise be correct, there Is no chance for Admiral
Dewey ,to escape the infliction.
But the world knows now that no Examiners went out on the
Charleston, and there Is the commissioner's admission that there were
plenty of Calls on board.
Dockery and Inspector Davis were de
tailed for the duty, and they found that
the meat furnished yesterday morning
was considerably flyblown, but otherwise
in fair condition. The cooks had cut
away a great deal of the meat where the
flies had injured it, and the inspectors
advised them to save all such waste and
return it to the butcher, requiring in ex
change the same weight of good meat.
There will be nothing further done In the
matter, as it is believed the recent hot
weather had a great deal to do with the
spoiling of what was spoiled, but there
will be other inspections made, and if fur
ther samples of the same kind are found
the Health Department will act.
On the request of General Merritt the
camp will also be inspected as to its sani
tary condition, and any recommendation
made by the inspectors will be carried
Sixth California Infantry.
The Sixth California Infantry Volun
teers may not be sent to Manila, but It
seems to be accepted that the regiment
Is to have active and important service.
It is understood now that Colonel John
son, with headquarters and Companies
B and G, will garrison Benicia barracks.
Companies C, D, E and H will probably
be sent to Fort Point to re-enforce the
artillery in charge of the high-power
guns defending this harbor. Majors
Grant and Whitman may command the
Infantry at Fort Point.
Colonel Johnson has detailed Lieuten
ants Walthall and Mexter as recruiting
officer to enlist men to fill existing com
panies to the maximum of 106 men each.
Recruiting stations will be established in
the San Joaquin Valley.
War Incidents.
Nellie Holbrook Blinn, who is foremost
among the leaders in every patriotic
cause, entertained the Tenth Pennsylva
nia Regiment last Monday evening. The
entertainment took- place in the large din
ing tent of C Company. The Knicker
bocker Qartet in the kindest manner vol
unteered their services.
The headquarters of the TV. C. T. U. at
132 McAllister street have been placed at
the disposal of the boys in blue as a rest
ing-place, where letters may be written.
Laurel Lodge No. 4, Knights of Pythias,
on last Monday tendered an entertainment
and reception to soldier knights who are
now in the volunteer service on the occa
sion of the twenty-ninth anniversary of
the institution of the lodge. There was a
good attendance, among the number being
Captain H. B. Orwig of, (Ilrard. Kans. ;
Lieutenant Lee Ford of Omaha, Neb.; M.
A. BamuelS. P. O. ; 11. Srhafrer. G. K. of
R. and S. ; Ernest T'lmau and B. Isenberg.
James E. Wolfe, P. C. acted as master of
ceremonies. There was a pood programme
which was followed by a collation and
toasts to the volunteers.
. Wlien Henry A. Daman, a member of
Company F, Sixth Regiment of the Na
tional Guard <>f California, presented him
?> if with his comrades for enlistment in
the volunteer service he was rejected, as
he was not of legal age, being only 20
years old. His parents live in the Bast
and to avoid delay in getting their con
sent he had Frank Shay appointed as hi«
legal guardian, and this guardian gave
his written consent to the boy's enlist
ment. This may be a happy suggestion to
others similarly situated.
El Dorado Council, at its meeting last
week, donated $10 to the Red Cross So
ciety and decided to pay the dues and as
sessments of any member of tho council
who already has or may enlist in the vol
unteer army of the United States.
FOR THE INVALIDED.
WARD IN THE FIELD HOSPITAL.
The field hospital at Camp Merritt Is now thoroughly established,
and yesterday forty-three soldier patients were being cared for. Major
W. O. Owen, U. S. A., Is the surgeon in charge, with Major E. R. Mor
ris and First Lieutenant Henry Page as his assistants. Major Morris
has charge of the non-infectious cases, while Lieutenant Page is in con
trol of the infectious cases. Major Owen is the executive head.
Of the forty-three patients now in the hospital, thirty-one are
suffering from measles, and all but one are doing nicely. Half a dozen
of the cases under Major Morris' care were turned over to him by the
French Hospital yesterday, all of whom were convalescing from serious
ear complaint.
At one time measles threatened to become epidemic, but this dan
ger has been overcome, and the cases in the hospital are kept com
pletely isolated, nobody but the surgeons and attendants being al
lowed to approach within thirty yards of the ward.
One hundred or more enlisted men will be transferred from the Pre
sidio to the hospital, and those who are not needed to attend the in
valids will be thoroughly drilled for the more serious work in store for
them in the Philippines.
The hospital is completely equipped with instruments, and medi
cines, and everything is as neat and tidy as can be. The surgeons report
the troops at Camp Merritt in an exceedingly healthy state, consider
ing the changeable climate, which is most trying on the men from the
interior States.
MAY BE
A DOUBLE
MURDER
A Woman and Her
Brother Stabbed.
GUIDI'S INSENSATE FURY
MADDENED WITH LIQUOR, HE
RUNS AMUCK.
Possibly Fatal Termination of a Long
Domestic Quarrel — The Assail
ant Arrested and Lodged
in the Tanks.
Family trouble of long standing culmi
nated last night in Santtno Guidi stabbing
his wife and her brother, Londo Pelle
grini, and wounding them so severely that
the recovery of both Is doubtful. Guidl
was arrested and taken to the Central
Police Stntion and placed in the "tanks."
No charge will be preferred against him
until the result of the Injuries ca"n be
definitely ascertained. Pellegrini was
taken immediately to the Receiving Hos
pital, but Mrs. Guidi insisted upon being
removed to the home of her sister, where
she was attended by the family physician,
after which she was Transferred to the
hospital.
Mrs. Erida Guldi and her husband were
separated about three months ago on
account of his alleged cruelty, and since
then she has been living with MrS. Qui
cili, a married sister, whose home is at 636
Broadway. Londo Pellegrini visited his
sister at this place last evening and about
11:30 o'clock asked Erida and Lillie, a
younger sister, to get him some tamales.
They went to a coffee-house on Stockton
street, and after making their purchases
started for home, but when they reached
Broadway they saw Guidi and, fearing
him on account of threats he had made
before, turned back and went around the
block to avoid him. When they again
reached Broadway Lillie saw Guidi near
some steps in front of a stable at 630 and
warned her sister that they had better go
into a store and wait, but Erida thought
it better to make a run for the house
As they passed the steps Guidi made a
dash for his erstwhile wife, and Lillie saw
lhat he had a knife. Guidl, who was con
siderably the worse for liquor, succeeded
in catching the object of his fury and
plunged the knife into her body five
times. He then grabbed Lillie, but she
succeeded in tearing herself loose from
his grasp and ran to her home and in
formed her brother of the stabbing
Pellegrini immediately hastened to
avenge his sister and encountered the
now thoroughly maddened Guidi at the
foot of the steps of his married sister's
house The two men grappled and strug
g ed for some little time, out Guidi fin
ally got the better of his brother-in-law
and succeeded in stabbing him three
times. Officer Connor and O. H. Berge
the special policeman on Broadway were
attracted to the scene by the desperate
fight and captured Guidi before he had a
chance to escape.
The knife with which Guidi did the
stabbing is a dagger which has been made
by grinding down a common table knife
and has a blade about four inches long as
sharp as a razor. Mrs. Guidl has five
woundß, and the nature of them renders
her recovery very doubtful. One of the
stabs is In the left breast near the heart,
and there are two more in the left side
below the breast. The other wounds are
in the right side.
At the Receiving Hospital, where Pelle
grini's injuries were dressed, Dr. Fltzgib
bon found . that the weapon had pene
trated the lung, liver and abdominal cav
ity and his recovery is very doubtful.
Guldi, when arrested, was brought to the
hospital, where Pellegrini identified him
as his assailant. On his bed In the hos
pital, while racked with pain and almost
fainting, Pellegrini told his story, as fol
lows:
"Guidi has been out of work for some
time, and out of pity for mj sister I took
the two of them into my housso. After a
short time I found that as long as the
man could live off me and get drunk oc
casionally he did not care much about
finding work. This was bad enough, hut
when he took to coming home drunk and
beating his wife It was more than I
could stand, so I threw him out. Last
night Erlda and my other sister, Lillie,
went out on an errand.
"They were gone but a short time, when
Lillie name running back, screaming 'For
nake, come quick; Santlno is killing
Erida.' 1 rushed down tho strret, and
found the man bending nvor my si?t<r
who was covered with blood. I did* not no
tice the knif" at first, but as I approached
he made a vicious lunge at me with it.
SeHng ho was armed I ran to Captain
QuiciU's saloon on the corner. I stumbled
and fell on the threshold, and before I
could gft up Guidi had plunged the knife
into me."
Pellegrini made an ante-mortem state
ment to the police definitely accusing
Guidi of the stabbing.
League of Improvement Clubs.
The regular meeting of the Mission
League of Improvement Clubs was held
at Mannerbund Hall last night, with T
B. Slevin in the chair. The question of
extending Potrero avenue came up fur
discussion, at which Secretary J. B. Vlz
zanl offered a resolution of thanks to The
Call for its interest in the welfare of
the people of the district in publishing in
full the opinion of City and County At
torney Creswell on the legal status of ♦*»«
property-owners in the premises. c
resolution was unanimously adopted with
several warm eulogies from a number of
those present. The present condition of
Potrero avenue was commented on. and
it was decided to have the matter brought
to the notice of the Super;
The extension of the streets running
through Precita Volley fr<>m Twenty
sixth street to Precita avenue was recom
mended to be graded, sewered and put in
proper condition. The league promised to
support the Cortland avenue residents
in their struggle to have Kolsom street
cut through from Prectta avenue to
Cortland and the Folsom-street electrlo
cars continued to the latter place.
For Mission Dolores Bazaar.
This evening, for the benefit of their
bazar, the young ladies of Mission Do
lores Parish will give a grand minstrel
performance, followed by a dance at
Union Square Hall. The minstrels will
consist of twenty-five young ladies, as
sisted by Dr. J. P. McCarthy and Morgan
Sweeney. On the ends are MUsa
Montgomery, Miss F. Nolan, .V.
Wilson, Dr. J. P. McCarthy and
Morgan Sweeney. Mips May No
lan will act as interlocutor . Fol
lowing is the programme: Overture or
chestra; opening chorus; bones and tarn
bos 'The Ends"; song, Miss Florence
Nolan; contralto 1010, Miss Holland;
duet, Misses Wilson; soprano solo, Miss
Shortall; song Morgan Sweeney; con
tralto solo, Miss Mulcare; sorig Miss
Montgomery; soprano solo. Miss Ken
nedy; character song, Dr. J. P. McCar-
V y: S. losln £ cn orus; selections, orchestra*
sketch "Tropical Topics"; specialties
Clare Fex; sketch, "Courting Under Dif
ficulties."
Richmond on Its Morals.
At a meeting of the Point Loboa Im
provement Club last night, with President
George R. Fletcher in the chair, the
members of the club, speaking for the
j residents, passed a resolution requesting
, the Police Commissioners not to grant
any more liquor licenses to any resident
iin the Richmond District. Since the BOl
! dlers gathered there evils that generally
follow the mobilizing of an army have
made their appearance.
A Troublesome Son.
Henry Mayer, tailor, 40 Montgomery
street, swore out a warrant in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday for the arrest of his
son George, 18 years of age, on a charge
of vagrancy, The boy drinks and keeps
bad company and is a terror to the resi
dents on Oak street, where his father
»yes. He has threatened to burn down
the house and kill the servant girl He
School yearS ln the Wnlttier Reform
People's Party Convention.
The County Committee of the People's
party met last night to make preliminary
arrangements for the election of dele
gates to the State convention. The dele
gates to the convention, which will be
heid at Sacramento on July 12, will be
selected from among the members of the
County Committee. The election of dele
gates wl". t« hcJJ or July 5.MUDLARKS GET
ALL THE COIN
Racing in the Rain at
Harlem.
MONCREITH BEATS BANQUO.
DAISY F FIRST IN A SIX-FUR
LONG SPRINT.
The Barrister Captures the Diamond
Stakes at Oakley From
Preliminary and
Orderlette.
Special P'spateh to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 7.— Weather rainy;
track slow at llarlom.
Five furl i ;. . Btreamer won, Cheval
<TOr ' nourl third. Time, 1:06^.
turlonfs. Warren Point won, How-
Borden third. Time, 1:19%,
On« mlta and an eighth, Monerelth won,
Banqilo 11 second* Jo.c Clark third. Time
Six furlongs, Daisy F won, Albert Vale
:. t'arrie F third. Time, 1:17%.
Pour and a half furlongs. Rush won,
Eil Tiptun second, Barrabas third. Time.
68%.
Six furlongs. Tom Collins won, Ramiro
II second. May W third. Time. 1:17^.
ST. LOUIS, June 7.— Weather pleas
ant; track fast.
Seven furlongs. Samovar won. Her Fa
vor second, Polaris third. Time, l:3oV*j.
Mile and threo-sixieenths. Lady of the
"West won, Tony Honing second, Confes
sion thiitl. Time, 2 ■
Furlongs, filing. Fireside won, Hen
rlca >■ >nd. Bt. Augustine third. Time,
For three-yenr-olds, one mile, Libation
won. Ed Parreii second, Our Chance third.
Time, 1:43^.
For maidens and fillies, seven furlongs.
Madeline wen, Bell* Ward second, Loving
third. Time, 1:2 ■
mile, Belling, Bapquil won, Domsle
r Foot third. Time, 1:43.
CINCINNATI, June 7.— Weather fine;
tract fast. Results:
Five furlongs, selling, Piccola won, Ner
vura second, Norma Taylor third. Time,
1:01 c
Six furlongs, selling. Motilla won, Violet
Parson second, Ray II third. Time, 1:15%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling, Mill
stream won. Eddie Burke second, Skylark
third. Tin 1:49^.
The Diamond stakes, five and a half fur
longs, The Barrister won. Preliminary
second, Orderlette third. Time, 1:09%.
Mile and an eighth, handicap. Three
Bars won. Banished second. Won't Dance
third. Time, 1:55.
Six furlongs, selling. Komurasakl won,
Kris Kringle second, Azucena third. Time,
1:15.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Five furlongs.
Whip Lash won. Theory second, Lepida
third. Time, 1:02.
Mile and a sixteenth. Nuto won, Whis
tling Con second. Previous third. Time.
1:49% i ■
Patchogue stakes, six furlongs, selling.
Cleophus won, Irish Reel second, Zanone
third. Time. 1:13^.
Gazelle stakes, mile and a furlong, Gei
sha won. Kite Foot second, Miss Miriam
third. Time, 1:50};.
Five furlongs, selling. Alpen won. Loi
terer second. King's Pride third. Time,
1:02 V;.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling. Thomas
Cat won. General Maceo second, Knight of
the Garter third. Time, 1:49%.
TEN-INNING GAME
WON BY BROOKLYN
In a Battle of Pitchers, Chicago's
Orphans Shut Out the
Gotham Giants.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club*— W. L. Pet. Clubs— \V. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..29 11 .725 Chicago 20 21 .488
I 27 13 .643 Philadelphia 17 20 .459
: Brooklyn ...16 21 .432
: more ...21 IS .."• k 3 Loul«vill« ...14 2» .326
New York. WashinKton 13 27 .325
ug ...22 20 .624 Pt. Louis ...13 27 .325
PHILADELPHIA. June 7.— St. Louis
ted the Phillies through better play
tlthough the Quakers outbatted the
Browns. Attendance, 5000. Score:
R. H. E.
Ft Louts 6 C 0
Philadelphia 19 2
Batteries— Taylor and Clement*; Flatt. Dun
kie and ilci'arlanj. Umpires— Emslle and
Curry.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Brooklyn won a
ten-Inning game from Cleveland to-day.
Attendance, ILOO. Score:
K. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 12 2
Cleveland 5 11 1
Batteries— Kennedy and Ryan; McAJHster and
O'Connor. Umpires— Swartwood' and "Wood.
WASHINGTON. June 7. — The Pitts
burgs won by strong batting. Attendance,
I U-:
R. H. E.
"Washington 2 6 2
Plttsburs 8 8 1
Batteries— Kwalm and McGulre; Tannehlll and
Bchrlver. pi res— Lynch and Connolly.
BALTIMORE, June 7.— A base on balls,
a .hit man, two singles and five errors
fave the Orioles to-day's game in the first
nning. Louisville got four of their hits
oft McJames -in the first Inning, after
which he was very effective. Attendance,
814. Score:
R. H. E.
Baltimore 14 14 4
Louisville 3 7 S
Batteries — McJames and Robinson; Dowllng
and Wilson. Umpires — Snyder and Andrews.
NEW YORK, June The first game of
the Chicago series at the polo grounds
to-day was a pitchers'. battle. Seymour's
wildness in the eighth inning cost two of
the three runs scored by the Orphans.
Attendance, 1800. Score:
R. " H. E. i
Chicago 3 4 ll
New York 0 6 91
■Batteries— and Donohue; Seymour and
rtra.lv. Umpires — McDonald and O'Day. ,
BOSTON, June Hamilton and Nich
ols won to-day's game for the home team
by timely batting, while the latter pitched
very effectively. Attendance, 2500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 9 14 3
Cincinnati ;...:.*. 2 -V: 3
Ratterieß— Nichols and Bergen; • Dwyer and
Vauglin. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
Baseball at the North.
'TACOMA, Wash, June 7.— Score:
Clvi R- H. E.
Tacoma 5 10 1
c 3 3 2
ALL POSITIONS ARE
FILLED OR PROMISED
WASHINGTON, June 7.— A1l the po
rtions in the Volunteer Army under the
'Presid°nt'B first rail have either been
filled or the plaros have been prom-
Is, d, and the remaining nominations to
them will soon be sent, to the Senate.
The department has not yet consid
ered the selection of the officers for the
organizations to be formed under the
Second rail fur 75,000 men.
Fully 50,000 of the 75,000 men will be
d to recruit thf existing organiza
tions to their full legal maximum
strength, which will leave only 25,000 to
be divided into organizations, the form
ing of which as such will not take place
for some time.
Civil War Disabilities Removed.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The bill for
the removal of all political disabilities
arising from the Civil War is now a
law. President McKinley has formally
approved it. Representative Jenkins
of WisconHin is its author. The law
declares "that the disabilities imposed
by section 3, fourteenth amendment to
the conntltutlon, heretofore Incurred,
ax* hereby removed."
BUSY TIMES AT
MARE ISLAND
Rushing Repairs to the
Philadelphia.
WORKING DAY AND NIGHT
ALERT OUT OF COMMISSION AND
DISMANTLED.
Corwin Takes Coal and Provisions
and Is Ready for Sea — Arrival
of the Grant and the
Whitgift.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 7. — The United
States steamship Alert has gone out of
commission. She has been dismantled
and hauled out in ordinary alongside
her sister ship, the Ranger.
Passed Assistant Engineer Armin
Hartrauth of ti\e Mohican was de
tached prior to that vessel sailing for
Houolulu and assigned to the Brutus
as chief engineer. Passed Assistant
Surgeon Moore of the Alert has been
ordered to the Brutus.
The Philadelphia is still in the dry
' dock and work upon her is progressing
• rapidly. She is receiving a coat of war
paint and a force of workmen is kept
busy night and day on her, but as
there is considerable yet to be done it
will be fully sixty days before she will
be ready to put to sea.
The Corwin has been fitting out at
the yard since Friday and has received
coal, water, stores and ammunition.
She is ready to sail, but her destina
tion is unknown.
The British steamer Whitgift of Lon
don, purchased by the Government to
carry a cargo of coal to Manila and
tuw the Monadnock to the Philippines
from Honolulu, arrived to-day and
made fast to the dock astern the moni
tor. Work on her machinery was be
gun at once and she will be docked and
painted the regulation war color.
The cutter Grant has arrived and is
taking on powder and stores for sea.
It is very likely she will be detailed to
act in conjunction with the Wheeling
in conveying treasure ships down the
coast as far as Puget Sound.
WAR REVENUE BILL
CONFEREES AT WORK
It Is Probable That a Substitute
Silver Provision Will Be
Reported.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— After sit
ting until past midnight last night the
conferees of the two houses on the war
revenue bill resumed their sitting
promptly at 10 o'clock to-day.
When the Conference Committee ad
! journed at noon Senator Allison cx
; pressed the opinion that it would be
able to report to the Senate and House
by to-morrow. He said that excellent
progress was being made, but that It
was impossible for the present to give
details of the proceedings. The House
members are manifesting a disposition
to accept the minor amendments with
out cavil, and the indications now are
j that at least 90 per cent of the Senate
! amendments will be retained without
, serious dispute. The more important
I amendments are naturally the ones
j upon which there is most controversy,
and so far the seigniorage provision has
proved to be the most difficult problem
with which the committee has had to
deal. The Republican members of the
conference are naturally opposed to
! any provision for coining the silver in
the treasury, but th^y realize that there
i will be great difficulty to get the Sen
; ate to accept a report that does not
make some provision of this character.
The probabilities now are that a substi
tute silver provision will be reported.
, _»
MRS. SARTORIS WILL
WED AN EX-CONFEDERATE
Daughter of General Grant to Cast
Her Fortunes With General
Douglass.
BAR HARBOR, Me.. June 7.— One of
the most notable weddings this year will
be tho marriage of Mrs. Nellie Grant-
Sartoris to General Henry K. Douglass
of Maryland. Mrs. U. S. Grant will come
to Sorrento this week and with her will
come Mrs. Sartoris.
The marriage of the daughter of Gen
eral Grant to General Douglass is another
of the many tokens of the reunion of the
North and South. General Douglass is
one of the old-time soldiers, and was a
prominent figure In Bar Harbor life in the
eighties. Ho is a very striking personage,
of decidedly military bearing, and is a
millionaire. General Douglass fought
against the T'nion in the civil war. He has
Just been appointed assistant adjutant
general In the army of the nation he once
sought to disrupt, and is now in the South
and expects to go to Cuba. He is the last
surviving member of Stonewall Jackson's
staff, and is one of the noted military men
of the last war.
Before Nellie Grant married Algernon
Sartoris, General Douglass was her ad
mirer, and the gallant Confederate soldier
has been very attentive since last sum
mer, when he was at Sorrento for a few
weeks, and visited the Grants. He will
come here later in the season, and it Is
said late In tho fall the daughter of Gen
eral Grant will preside over the Douglass
ADVERTISEMENTS.
30/
/O
Government
Loan.
Subscription Books
Are Now Open
, , AT THE , ,
First National Bank
KW. Cor. Bush and Sansome Sts.
DeQorr)inatior)s of Bonds,
$25, $50, $100. $500 $1000
JUNE 4, 1898.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, JUNE 8, 1898.
estate on the banks of the Potomac, at
Hagerstown.
DRIFTING AIMLESSLY
ON THE WAR CURRENT
Senor Moret Admits That Spain's
Affairs Are Now in Complete
Disorder.
LONDON, June 7.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Morning Post has
had an Interview with Senor Moret,
formerly Secretary of the Colonies, in
the course of which he said:
"The Government does not know
where it is going. Moreover, there is
not a person in Spain who can tell the
outcome of the present situation, which
is far more grave that is generally con
fessed. The Government has no fixed
plan. It allows matters to follow their
own course, heedless erf the ultimate
consequences.
"A campaign in favor of peace has
begun in the press and Is progressing
among the populace. I am convinced
that if a plebiscite were held peace
would be unanimously voted, even by
the soldiers. Parliament is divided as
well as the Ministers, who know not
whether to turn to the right or left.
The affairs of Spain are in complete
disorder."
TO PROTECT MINES
AND FORTIFICATIONS.
Senator Hawley's Bill Providing
Punishment for Destroying or
Photographing.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— Senator
Hawley has introduced a bill for the
punishment of persons who may will
fully injure or destroy any submarine
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
IORTH MTISH4MERICAN CO7
LIMITED.
THE BANNER LINE!
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO DAWSON CITY AND FORT SELKIRK DIRECT.
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14th,
THE POPULAR OCEAN STEAMER
"CLEVELAND,"
(CAPACITY 1500 TONS'; ACCOMMODATION FOR 350 PASSENGERS.)
Which has been lately renovated and elaborately fitted for passenger accommoda-
tions equal to any passenger steamer on the coast, of guaranteed speed of four-
teen knots per hour, connecting at St. Michael with the Floating Palace of the
Yukon,
S. S. MARY ELLEN GALVIN,
E. S. MORINE. MASTER.
(LENGTH 200. FEET, BEAM 40 FEET. DRAFT 18 INCHES— ACCOMMO-
DATE 435 PASSENGERS.)
This steamer is fitted with 12G0-horsepower engines, 10,000-candle-power search-
light electric lights throughout, hot and cold water service all through the boat,
ladies' and gents' baths, steam steering gear, piano, social hall, comfortable smok-
ing-room besides mosquito-proof windows and doors. Speed twenty knots per hour.
The construction of this steamer has been supervised by experienced Yukon
V |peciai attention has been paid to the selection of only first-class Yukon pilots,
so that those procuring passage are assured of earliest possible arrival at Dawson
Rates as low as any competing first-class line, with liberal allowance of bag-
CtLETC
Mr Pat Galvin, president of the company, has established warehouses and
trading posts on the Yukon River for the accommodation of passengers via the
Banner Line.
Stewardess will accompany steamer.
Cabin and table unsurpassed.
Failing date of other steamers to be named later.
For tickets and freight and full information call on or address,
305 Market Street,
TELEPHONE CLAY :20:2.
Or J. G. McCALL, General Passenger and Freight Agent,
46 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ONE BLOCK FROM FERRY. ■■ JOSEPH BELL. Vice-Presldeht.
. PAT- GALVIN, -President. ■ J. C. BESLEY. Traffic Manager.
TWO SPLENDID TRAINS DAILY
TO THE EAST
via Great Rock Island Route.
J. ■-. v, . ■ - ■ . ■ ■ ■ . .
ROCKY^ FOUNTAIN
LIMITED
Leaves DENVER, . . 9:30 a.m.
" COLO. SPRINGS, 9:35 a. m. !
Arrives LINCOLN . 11:45 p.m.
" OMAHA, . . 1 :30 a. m.
" DES MOINES, . 5:25 a.m.
« DAVENPORT, . 9:48 a. m. j
" CHICAGO, . 2:15 p. m.
Next Day.
Through Sleepers and Chair Cars
Colorado to Chicago. Wide Vesti-
bule throughout. The finest train
in the We^t.
These are New Trains in addition to our former service.
For particulars and folders Riving time of these trains write
F.W.THOMPSON, CLINTON JONES,
T. P. A., 214 S. Spring St., Lob Angeles, Cal. GENERAL AGENT. 624 MARKET STREET
E. E. MacLEOD, JNO. SEBASTIAN,
A. G. P. A,. TOPF.KA. G. P. A., CHICAGO.
/ V-v'^oej,' v t^slll ' *
I was riding on the Brooklyn elevated, said a lady, when I notrced
two nice looking men sitting opposite me who were reading the ad*
vertising cards over my head. I heard one of them read :
" Open your mouth and shnt your eyes
And 1 11 give you something to make you wise."
Whereupon the other said: "That is an advertisement of ■ Rlpans
Tabules— They're a good thing ! I know that from ray own experience.
I used to have occasional headaches that spoiled a day for me. About
two years ago I learned about the Tabules and they stave off the head-
> ache every time. VI ; carry them in my vest pocket regularly now." '
"I must look into that," said the other man, "for I too have
headaches now and then." . " .
"Well," said his friend, "Ripans Tabules will break them up.
Here ! take one now," added he, producing a vial from his vest pocket.
"And," says the lady, "the man swallowed theTabule then and
•there.";.".;.-...; / \\ ,X, X .', _ /
A new ctrle p*o<iet cox&iinlng tjiw TAapr.e.i in » p» pr oartpo (without Kj*4rt) *• now (or mJs ftf?f?*j^f
fly^a T tfllignu^ 6tr*e£ilv!Fiot)t-OT ■ ito»l£»ftrtoalhiJ( ijjSwß) irtu b« »a« Bur (It* »w«u.
mine or torpedo or harbor defense hys
tem owned by the United States. The
offense is made a misdemeanor punish
able by fine or imprisonment. Hawley
also introduced a bill for the punish
ishment of persons for photographing
fortifications. This offense is made a
felony punishable by imprisonment for
ten years or by a fine of $25,000, or both.
TO PRESENT AMERICA
WITH A BATTLE-SHIP
HONOLULU, May 31.— The American
ship J. B. Walker, bound from Kobe to
New York, arrived off port on the 26th.
The captain came in to learn the latest
war news. After sizing up the situ
ation, he concluded that it was perfect
ly safe to continue his voyage around
the Horn. The American ship Kenil
worth, Cantain Baker, will leave Hilo,
Hawaii, to-morrow, bound for New
York with a valuable cargo of sugar.
Frank McStocker has advanced an
idea which has met with much favor
in this city. It is no less than a
scheme to assist in presenting the
United States with a battle-ship. The
plan suggested is for every American
and every sympathizer in the country
to give one day's salary to the fund.
When the details of the proposition are
settled upon there will be a ready re
sponse with funds.
Memorial day was fittingly observed
yesterday. Stores and Government of
fices closed at noon. The remainder
of the day was made a holiday. The
parade was made up of six companies
of volunteers, two companies of regu
lars, a detachment of blue jackets from
the Bennington, a detachment of the
Army and Navy Union and the mem
bers of George W. de Long Post. G. A.
R. t the only post outside of the United
States. Rev. J. A. Cruzan of Cali
fornia was the orator of the day.
COLORADO FLYER
Leaves DENVER, . . 2:45 p.m.
COLO. SPRINGS, 2:45 p. m.
Arrives TOPEKA, . . 7:30 a. m.
" KANSAS CITY, 9:15 a. m.
Ar. ST. LOUIS, (Wab. Ry.)6:15 p. m.
Arrives ST. JOSEPH, . 10:40 a. m.
Ar. LINCOLN, /Ex. Sun.) 6:42 a. m.
Ar. OMAHA, (Ex. Sun.) 8:50 a.m.
Through Sleepers Colorado Springs
to St. Louis via Wabash Ry.
Subscribers camping at localities along the 1 ne of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH -RESTORING; SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shufdeboard. Livery and Burros for
the children. '
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address -.v.« ■ .-"
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC^ ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA..
A field for health and pleasure without a
| counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat, shooting. ,.-. The great stage ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, da: --Ing. . pyrotechnics, water
carnival: etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
.. . management.
ISLAND VILLA \
Open July 1. SPLENDID .'AKKANGEMENT
• - • ■ • .-' for campers. v-
Full Information, rates 'and illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO..
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
■ -- Los Angeles. Cal.
SABATOGA SPRIK
Lake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most !
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy !
1 of access; telephone connections and daily mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSE. ■
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure. ' fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Parals-) stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. P.; $S; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad. .
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON, Manager.
01/IPPO HOT SPRINGS, SonomV Co
\K A 11 11 \nn <H hours from S. F. and
UllilvUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate: good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburoa
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 2:30 p. m. Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
SEIGJ-ER SPRINGS,
CAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining-room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. JflO.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINQ. Manager.
On Howcll Mountain: elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40: temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed: chalybeate
and other springs; tennlß," croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week: two trains dally;
four hours from city ' Telephone. -
E. ANGWIN, Anjrwin. . Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick, Siskiyou County, CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmcto; pic-
turesque . scenery; ; mountain walks; * pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those : who ■ need to obtain ■ comfort, - rest , and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena l »arlum. St. Helena, Cal. .;
CALAVERAS BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by < Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. , Fare S. •■ F. ' to \ Calaveras
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 30 Montgomery street.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
' Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured; In marvelously short time: kid-
ney liver, s catarrh,', rheumatism • and stomach
troubles immediately relieved; .rates $10 to $ts
per ■ week. ■ Long-distance telephone. • Address
J. A. HAYS. Proprietor. Lake County. ■
DUNCAN SPRINGS. :
Two . miles .from Hopland; unequaied soda
Mid magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
■lehpd-. cottages; terms $10 to«i2 per week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets." O. HOWELL.
Proprietor. ; Hopland, Cal.  . . •";"; ':■ :' . .■-„•■ I
Vi? TOC ALOMA. \ : "£■
BERTRfIND HOTEL.
- First - class ;■• accommodations: ; : reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful 'drives to Bear ■.Valley, ',
etc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
: Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for driving to all points of Interest on or near
. the ■ lske. > Boats ■ free » to " guests. For circular '
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO., Bijou
Postofflce, Cal. .  V . • -• :;
DEER PARK INN
(Lake . Tahoe), , elevation 6507 - f ceet, opens Juns
114 Fin* '■ accommodations. > ■ Cottages . with % pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates. -, lIS 60 l for ROUND •- TRIP. «■ J. ;8.
LIBBT. room 1. Flood bulldlnj. Baa Francisco. __
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
's along SAN FRANCISCO and
ofth LI e NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over ?00, well
stocked with trout. ' • ■
• If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one Ci our many
! Mineral Spring Resortu.
If you want to enjoy the 'oire life, of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have yon. - '■'•/"
Camping grounds are free.
; At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
1 charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building. San-
Borne and California sts. - x-:;--- ■
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin. Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, plong Sonoma Creek
and Russian" River. - Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building, Sansome
and California sts. ?i? ' ; ;^;-, '■
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager.
qTlroy hot springs.
■
Under new management.
A 3£
MECCA ?2t5
For the annual seeder after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsand streets.
. PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortoni and Poodle Dog
HOTEL -
METROPOLE,
■s?* OAKLAND
>Vi^^fcga\ 13th and . Jefferson Sts.
't^^rtinLUvfciKa«3 Only 35 minutes
rP^w'iniSlt'if from San Frari-
■iSßSJir^S A desirable resort for
•SsSs.A-c*?*' Families, Travelers
'.- and Tourists.
■ '■■'. ■ ..-■-. \
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summar.
Boats free to quests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart . of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because it is
clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure water. ■ Address MRS.- H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public. 5
/•. -L+m ft ■ ■.•■No staging to get there,
Zj^lil/l iiinpj fog, . mosquitoes ...ft
rlv LI Id ' winds ' when you • are
there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates no, $12. $14 a week.
iX •--■•". Round trip tickets $7. W.
Vrt^iflsTr* L Mitchell, Manager:
4 1l II 1 1 1 1* NF-v - • Owen ' Agent. Call
•*/ 1/1 111^1 Building. -.
CARLSBAD!
•- '■- MOST BEAUTIFUL BPOI IK LAKE COUNTT.
The Mineral Springs are well known tor mar-
velous cures : when everything ■ else failed, : es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
.superior accommodations; $8 ■ to $10 per we-:k;
roads . excellent: good trout fishing and deer
hunting on property. For particulars '/Tit* W.
R. . McGOVERN. : Carlsbad. Lake County.
UfiftAT) I Flflf And 00 * 1 treat-
UUuIJ LLvA ment '■ go hand . In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
Lakeport, Cal.
A. H. Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen ■ miles from Cazadero, on " stage line.
Good trout . fishing, r plenty fruit,' cream . and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or.
more; grand ledwood , scenery. Address J. :
LUTTRINGER, - Seaview, . Sonoma County, ■or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st., S. F., for par-
ticulars. ■■..:■ .: \- *- ■■ .. .••.-.- -... : :>' - ■:
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS HOTEL,
Sonoma 'Valley, two hours from 3. F., via rib-
uron ferry. ' Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel ; completely remodeled and refur-
nished. >'. Water, gas, electric bells. Hates $10 to
$12 per week. $2 cer day. Address AGUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Aqua Callente, Sonoma Co..
- Cal. •-■■;-:-,■■■;' ... :..---:■:-.,: ;,-^.., .-;■-, -.■.-■:■.:- y- .-...'
HOTEL BENVENUE,
• : . Lnkeport, Col. "•' ' ■ '
■■'- Situated- on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds: special facilities for families
and i children: * home 5 cooking; - boating; bathing, .
fishing; . rates . reasonable. Address FRANK ,
SCALES and A. M.. SCALES.
LE TRIANON HOTEL. ' ,
: -Reopened. New ; : management. Beautifully
situated , on Upper Blue Lake, Lake C 0..; Cal.
Leave S. F. 7 a. m.. arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Fishing, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chlcl:en dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday, Ter: *. $7 to M per week.- -
JE S. PHTT.T.IPS. Bertha P. 0.. I*k» Co.. C*L^
El Paso de Rcbles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never ..Proprietoe
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED ,
MANAGEMENT.
fe|r
I - MillS IWrnrtflßfrTriTtT'i T P. SB 3 re»»«ffljS7Efl
■-^^ i ' JTT"" "Hf^ *jfr^^*~fc *~^ "'"' !l" J . r '— s
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA. '.
For information call or write W. M. COW-
ARD, 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
EHLII SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE. .» ■ . ,
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco office; 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal. '
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS- :;*
Grandest scenery. - The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, 'tennis court, etc. - - -
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming --jake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 50 per
day. - - ' R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
2 hours from S. F. , 40 minutes . from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and . dining-room in . Santa Cruz
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly .furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop.. South Ben
Lomond.
BEN LOmOND,
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal. .1 • ■ ' "
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated In the heart of ihe redwoods, 4
miles from Glenwood. county of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain 'cenery; ' -vation 1900
feet. Springs especially . adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate -unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up.' Hunting. 'fishing,
lawn tennis, ' bowling alley,' billiards, piano,
etc. Cottage* for families.. Stage fare, 500.
over a mountain 5 boulevard, I where the nicest
ecenery Is to be seen of this and other counties.
Address L. PERHACS. Glenwood.
HOWARD- ?5?A NN H GS p;.a.
,lIVTT, IIVTT %IVg^. LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed. *
Rates. $8 $10 and $12. ' Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $.10. Southern Pacific office, lit
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff. 19*
miles; fare, $6 46: dally stage to springs, 9
miles; fare. $1: elevation 1000 feet; 20 - furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people: telephone, telegraph and postoffica
In hotel: rates, $10 and up: rend for book of
information and testimonials. ED. B. WAXr-
BRIDGE. Proprietor. ■
HOTEL DE RED\A/OOD
In the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rate*.
For Particulars Apply to
M. S. COX, Laurel Post office.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through . shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh ' vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot. $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER, Cloverdale. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
' new « dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery:- boating and bathing /ree:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip. $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD.. Prop.. Bertha. P. P.. Lake County. CaL
. , mONTE VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream.- Springs o£
pure soft spring water. Illustrated - circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN, Monte Vista, Dutch
Flat, Placer County, Cal.
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.) •
Redington Place- for rest and comfort, from
June U. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
- On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Dally mall. Telephone connections. New a.o»
commodallons. Open June 1. Address GOUS»»
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer; Co.. Cal. >.
JOHANNISBERG. •
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating. . hunting and ■; swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. ; Send for circular to ■
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa, Cat
SUMMER HOME FARM.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake -for boating ■ and swimming; lons
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 60. Send for circular to J. li. HAESTER3.
Glenwood. Ca1. .."
SODA BAY RESORT.
■ - Most delightful spot in ! Lake County; - hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, : swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
A,. BURLINGAME, Proprietors, . Sod* -; Bay.
Kelsey vllle. > Lake County. Cal. - '■■; .
WRITE W. H. MILLER, Uklah, 'or llv«ry »o-
. commodatlons to springs In La&« and ; Me** >
doctao counties to save " money.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUM MART.
Silver lower.
Wheat weaker. Freights nominal.
Barley continues to decline.
Oats. Corn and Rye about the same.
Fancy Hay weak; medium grades firm.
Bran advanced. Middlings unchanged.
No change In Flour.
Boanp strong but quiet. Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Eggs firmer. Butter and Cheese weak.
I weaker.
Fresh Fruit running small and Inferior.
Dried Fruit quiet.
Provisions iirm and In good demand.
Hides and Leather strong.
Wool In rnther better demand.
Nothing doing in Hops.
Hops higher and scarce. Beef firm.
Mutton and Veal unchanged.
Exchange as before.
Oils unchanged.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures ai station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the
amount o:' rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Ifinhars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high " means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
1 y :air weather: "low" refers to low pres
eure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
al>ng the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather mey be expected
In Fummer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 7, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
in California:
Eureka, 56; Red Bluff, X; Sacramento. 86;
Fresno. 98; .San Luis Obispo. 74; Los Angeles,
78; San Diego, 70; Yuma, 104.
Son Francisco temperature — Maximum, 56;
minimum, £0; mean, ."3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary
during the past twenty-four hours over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. It is
relatively low throughout Eastern California,
Arizona and Nevada.
The temperature has fallen slowly over Cali
fornia and Oregon. It has risen over Idaho,
■Wyoming and Montana, The temperatures in
the great valleys of California are from 5 to
11 degrees above the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Carson City, 36 miles per hour from
the south; Point Reyes, 36. northwest.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 8, 1898.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday, except
fog in the morning along the coast; fresh west
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday,
with fog In the morning; fresh westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals, taken
at up. m. : Clear: wind, west 12 miles per
hour; temperature 75; maximum, 79.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June The stock market
showed the same conflicting tendencies as for
several days paHt. but the reactionary element
sained -the upper hand during the afternoon and
effected sharp declines all through the list, dis
lodging quite a large amount of stock, wiping
out the margins on which it was held. There
was a significant period of dullness succeeding
this lively Belling and then began a 'iulet and
steady absorption of stocks, offerings being
taken at the ruling prices, with an entire ab
sence of any effort to mark up quotations.
It was sufficiently evident that the purpose
of the reaction was. to secure stocks at the
lower level. There was quite a lively commis
sion house demand at the opening, which lifted
prices of many stocks a small fraction. There
was a special show of aggressive strength in
Brooklyn Transit, the Heading stocks, Erie
First preferred and some of the lower South
.westerns. Metropolitan Street Railway and
Consolidated Gas were also centers of strength.
The bears met this by vigorous attack on Union
Pacific preferred, People's Gas, Louisville and
Nashville and Kansas and Texas preferred, all
of which were driven down between IV. and 2
points. This combination proved vulnerable to
attack and weakened the market at Its salient
points. . The recoveries In the final hour were
over a point In a number of Important cases
and net changes were mostly small and losses
predominated. The war news was without ln-
Jluence on the market. London was quite a
heavy seller here and was a factor In weak
ening prices and in giving a firm tone to ster
ling exchange. The demoralization of wheat
prices may have aided ' the reaction The
world's heavy receipts of wheat gave rise to a
question as to whether America's next crop can
be marketed to the best advantage. Although
money continues abundant and cheap It Is In
evitable that the approaching Government bond
Issue should absorb money and harden rates
temporarily at least. There was realizing In
bonds to-day in speculative Issues and the tone
■was heavy. Total sains, $2,190,000.
■ United States old 4's registered and the new
4's were Va per cent lower and the s's Vi per
cent lower in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 457,400
shares, including: Atchlson, 3SO0; do preferred
15.500; C and 0.. 8800; Burlington, 9700; C. c'
C. and St. 'L., 4700; Louisville and Nashville
17,700; Manhattan, 11.500; Metropolitan Street
Railway. 4900; Reading preferred, 53C0; Missouri
.Pacific, 4400; M. K. and T. preferred, f,200-
Northern Pacific, 13,300; do preferred, 21 500"
Rock Island, 11,600; St. Paul, 840O; Southern
preferred, 4600; Texas and Pacific, 2300; Union
Pacific preferred, 42,500; American Spirits, 3600
do preferred, 3400; American Tobacco, 7200; Chi
cago Great Western, 8500; People's Gas, 20,300;
General Electric, 6600; American Sugar, 23,600*
Western Union, 2500; St. L. and S. W. pr»^
ferred. 2400. . *
CLOSING PTOCrS.
Atchlson 13% St P A Om 70%
Do prefd 33% Do prefd 149
Baltimore & Ohio 194 St P M 4 M 143%
Canada Pacific .. 85% So Pacific .18
Canada Southern. 52% So Railway 9%
Central Pacific ..14 Do prefd ........ 32%
Ches & Ohio 23% Texas & Pacific.. 12%
Chi & Alton 158 Union Pacific ... 24%
Chi & Q. ....... 104% Do prefd 61%
(hi * E 111 63% UP D & 0 7%
C C C & fit L.... 3*i4|Wabash 7%
Do preM 79 Do prefd 20%
Del & Hudson.... 110% Wheel & L E 1%
Del L & W 155 Do prefd 11
Den & R 0 124 I Express Companies—
Do prefd ........ 60% Adams. Ex 100
'Erie (new) .13% American', Ex .... 125
, Do Ist prefd.... 37% United States .... 40
Fort Wayne ...... 168 Wells- Fargo : 116
"Ot Nor prefd 175 ' Miscellaneous— '
Hocking Valley... 54 A Cot Oil ........ 214
Illinois Central 105 i Do prefd 75
Lake Erie & W... 15% Amn Spirits ...... 12%
Do prefd ...'..... 73% -Do nrefd ........ 35
Lake Shore 1874 Am Tobacco ..... 1094
Louis & Nash 66% Do prerd .....V.. 118
Manhattan L .... 1044 People's Gas ...:.' 102%
Met St Ry ........ 161 Cons Gas ....V... 193
Mich Cent 1034 Com Cable Co .... 165
Minn & St L.... 29% Col FA 1r0n....'. 23
Do Ist prefd.... 90% Do prefd ...;;... 90
Mo Pacific ....... 36 Gen Electric ..'....': 38
Mobile & 0hi0.... 2S . Illinois Steel ..... 57%
Mo K& T ...12 Laclede Gas 49%
Do prefd 35% Lead 35%
1 Chi Ind & L 9% Do prefd 107%
Do prefd 30 Nat Lin Oil ..... 19%
N J Central 95 Or Imp Co 30%
N V Central 116% Pacific Mail 29%
N V Chi & St L. 13% Pullman Palace... 188
Do Ist prefd.... 05 Silver Certificates 68%
Do 2d orefd.... 34 Stand R & T ' 5-\
Nor West 15% Sugar 143%
No Amer Co 61% Do prefd 115%
No Pacific 30% T C & Iron 25%
Do prefd 69% 0 S Leather ..... 7%
Ontario & W 15% Do prefd 65%
Or R & Nay 52 V S Rubber ..... 19%
Or Short Line ... 30 Do prefd 7»%
Pittsburg ...169 West Union 91%
Reading 20 Chi & N W 128%
Do Ist prefd .... 41% Do prefd ........ 1724
Rock Island. ..... 106% :St L & 8 W 5%
St L & S F.; 8 ! Do prefd 11%
Do Ist prefd.... 64 iR G W 26%
Do 2<\ prefd.... 80% Do prefd 65
St Paul 100% Chi G W 14%
Do prefd ........HS% Haw Com Co 23
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122% N Carolina 6s .... 127
Do coup 122% Do 4s 103
V S 4>< 107% No Pac.lsts 116
Do coup 110 Do 3s ........... "62%
Do 2 ( ls 93 Do 4s !>«%
US us reg 110% N V C & S L 4s. 104%
Do ,".s coup 110% Nor & W-6s 120
District 3.65s .... 114 Northwstrn cons. 143%
Ala class A.. 110 Do deb 5s 115
I Do B 100 O Nay lsta 115
Do C 90 O Nay 4g ..:...... 95%
Do Currency ... 90 10 S Line 6s tr.... 126%
Atchison 4s 93 OS Line 5s tr.... 105
Do adj 4s 66% O Imp lsts tr.... 108
Can So 2ds.. 108% Do 5s tr 60
Chi Term 4s 86 Pacific 6s of 95.. 100%
C & Ohio 5s 114% Reading 4s .. - . 85%
C H & D 4%s 104% ]R G W lsts 88
D& R G late 106 St L&I M C ss. 94%
D & R G 4s 94% St L & S F Q 6s. 119%
East Term lsts.. 107>4 St P Con 145
Erie Gen 45.. 74% St P C & P lsts... 118
FW & D lsts tr. . 72% Do os 116
Gen Elec 5b 102% So Ry 5s 95%
G H & S A 65.... 103% Stand R & T 65... 69%
Do 2ds 103% Term new set 3s. 90
H&T Css 100 TAP L G lsts... 104%
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2d5...... 36%
lowa C 15t5..;.... 100% V P D & G lsts.. 61%
La new cons 45.. 100 VV'ab Ist us 109%
L& N Uni 45.... 90% Do 2ds 84%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108
M X & T 2ds 63 Va Centuries 69%
Do 4* 85% Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lr>ts. 118% U P prefd 67%
N J C 5s 114%* U. p 4s 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 10 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 10 Ophtr 20
Con Cal & Va.... 40 Plymouth 12
Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.... 10 Do prefd ....... 200
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 60
Homestake 40 00 Standard 50
Iron Silver 5S Yellow • Jacket ... 15
Mexican is •
BOSTON.
BOSTON. June 7— Atchison. 134: Bell Tele
phone, 272' s : Chicago. Burlington and Qulncy,
104%; Mexican Central, sfc; Oregon Short
Line, 20.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 7.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Consols and
similar stocks were pood here to-day on cheap
money. Speculative (tocka wen- easier in view
of the settlement to br,-ln to-morrow. Foreign
stocKs were weak, notably Chileans on the re
ported lf»sue of £400.nrx> in Government treasury
bills.
Americans were bought here, but not from
influential quarters. Milwaukee and St. Paul
and high priced stocks were top heavy. Prices
closed dull. The settlement to-morrow will be
favored by cheap money.
Silver waf flat on a cessation of the Spanish
orders. The Increased importE and the de
creased exports for May are mainly due to the
receipt of more foodstuffs from the United
States and the lessened purchases of goods by
that country.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. Bft; Grand Trunk, <*\. Bar
sliver, quiet. 27d per ounce. Money, V2@% per
cent.
Spanish fours closed at 36H, a net loss of
PARIS, June 7.— Spanish lours closed at 35%,
unchanged from yesterday.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 7.— FLOUR— Receipts. 22.
921; exports. 47.075. Weak and lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 593.650; exports, 559.375.
Spot easy; No. 2 red, f. o. b., $1 10 afloat, ex
port grade. Options opened weak and declined
under foreign sealing and heavy cables, rallied
on covering, but finally yielded to further bear
operations and closed Hiti^c lower; No. 2 red
January. 78c; July, 90H<&93&c, closed 92«4c.
HOPS— Sttady.
WOOL— Klei-Cy.
METALS— in the metal market
were conducted on narrow lines to-day, al
though the general undertone was steady. At
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON'— Warrants quiet, with $6 75 bid and
$6 S5 asked.
LAK£ COPPER— Unchanged, with 11.90 c bid
and 12.10 c asked.
TlN— Quiet but steady, with 14.90 c bid and
14.95 c asked.
SPELTER— Very firm, with 4.35 c bid and 4.45 c
asked.
LEAD— Very quiet, with 3.75 c bid and ISOc
asked.. The. firm fixing the settling price for
miners and smelters In the West quotes lead
at 2.60 c.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, unchanged to
5 points- net higher. Sales. 7500 bags, includ
ing: July. 15 SO. Spot coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7
Invoice, 6V-c- No. 7 Jobbing, 7c; mild, dull;
Cordova, BH@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c. i?;*y
BUTTER— Receipts, 18.452 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 13V4®16c; Elglns, 16c; fac
tory 1 ■""*.*> 121.. ••. - •
EGGS— Receipts, 13,483 packages. Firm ; West
ern, HV2&J-C; Southern, 10%Silc. '■•'.•■:--:
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. June 7.— California dried fruits
steady; Apples strong, but not other fruits.
Other fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@7c;
prime, wire tray, 9@9V4c; wood dried, prime,
§He: choice, 9^c: fancy, 10c.
t PRUNES— 4®BV£c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 9@loc: Moorparks, 10©12o.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s<3«c; peeled, 12@160.
CHICAGO GRAJN MARKET.
CHICAGO June 7.— The Liverpool market,
which has been steadily declining for several
days, was especially demoralized to-day, and
reported a drop e^-al to 814 c per bushel In
July and 4Hc In September, with the Conti
nental markets also lower. The crop outlook
contained all that could be dealred, with the
grain In large areas ready for the reaper. The
Kansas report for June shows the condition
103— the highest ever reported at this season of
the year. The report set at rest the rumors
about chinch bugs and rust. As a result longs
quickly began to liquidate. There was urgent
short selling, sales on stop loss orders and on
exhausted margins. Under the pressure the
market went off rapidly. The rally, which fol
lowed, was due to the fact that many shorts
were disposed to take advantage of the break
to secure profits. This class of buying was
sufficient in volume to cause a temporary re
action. The Atlantic exports were astonish
ingly heavy, amounting in wheat and flour to
about 1.700,000 bushels. The figures gave the
discouraged biiUs heart enough to take on some
Wheat and caused many shorts to get out and
be In position to contemplate the situation
philosophically for a while. The total stocks In
the world's visible, as compiled by the Chicago
Daily Trade Bulletin and Liverpool Corn Trade
News, is 109.0u0.000 bushels, against 107,000,000
a> year ago. While the crowd were battling
over the small domestic receipts on the one
hand and the bearish figures connected with
the world's stockß on the other, a heavy thun
der storm broke on the Board of Trade build
ing that settled the fight. The shorts rushed to
get their Wheat in out of the wet and the
market became quite strong. July closed 2c
and September %c lower.
Selling orders predominated In Oate at the
opening. Later, however, buyers took hold and
the market steadily advam ed until a gain of
He over yesterday's close was made. A slight
reaction took place at the close. July closed
He lower.
After a weak opening Corn became strong
on unfavorable crop news from Kansas. There
was no export, however. This, together with
the decline In Wheat, caused a decline In prices
near the close. July closed He lower.
Heavy grain markets and lower prices for
live hogs weakened Provisions. One or two
heavy Helling orders were on the market, but
on the decline there were plenty of buyers.
July pork closed 15c lower, lard 5c and ribs
2Hc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 4—
June |106 $106 $105 $105
July 86 •■■'B7% 85% 86%
September ......... 76 76% 74% 75%
December '. 74% 75% 73% 74V4
Corn, No. 8—
June 304 31% 30% 114
July ........ 31% ; 32% 31% 31%
September 32% 33 32 ' 32%
Oats, No. 3— -■■ ... - \ .:.'.. .
July 23 23% 224 23
September ......... 204 20% 19% . 20%
Mess Pork, per bbl— - ■ • !
July ...:........ ....10 10 -10 274' 10 10 -10 20
September 10 20 10 45 10 20 10 374
Lard, per 100 lbs— :
July ......:.'..:..... 590 .-■■<■ 95 , 685 590
September 600 6 024* 696 600
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '
July .:....: 5 574 5 62% 5 574 ~ 5 62%
September ......... 6 67% 5 72% 565t■• 570
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull and neglected; No. 2 spring
Wheat. $I©l 03; No. 3 spring: Wheat, 95cig.1l 06;
No. 2 red, $1 06; No. 2 Corn, 31% c; No. 2 Oats,
24i&24%c; No. 2 white, 28c; No. 3 white, 27c; No.
2 Rye, 47c; No. 2 Barley, 33<g>40c; No. 1 Flax
seed, $1 19; Prime Timothy Seed. J2 80; Mess
Pork, per barrel, 110 15@10 20; Lard, per 100
pounds. IS 87»*.iS5p5 90; Short Rib Sides, loose
$6 50-g>6 86; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 5@5%c;
Short 'Clear Sides, boxed, $6@6 20; Sugar, un
changed. '
Articles— Receipts. Shipmente.
Flour, barrels 10,400 6.400
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
Wheat, bushels 34.700 291,800
Corn, bushels 60.500 677.100
Oats, busnels 398,300 324.700
Rye. bushels 6.300 36.500
Barley, bushels 19.700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13<8'15%c; dairies,
13'015%c Eggs, steady; fresh, 9@9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis '46,860 23.250
Duiuth 21,975 23,724
Milwaukee
Chicago 34.700 29,880
Toledo 15.682 1.600
Bt. Louis 20.000 56.000
Kansas City 2.006
Detroit *... 16,500 27,000
Totals /.. .157,723 161,454
Tidewater-
Boston 730
New York 93.550 960.375
Philadelphia 1.265 3.143
Baltimore 3»,201 8,000
New Orleans
Galveston
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 60 75 E0 30
Closing 61 00 49 75
Flour —
Op-ning 27 90 22 V>
Closing 27 90 22 45
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 86% 67 6 4
Closing .-' 8 6 6 7% 6 4%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 7.— CATTLE— The supply of j
cattle to-day was small and prices about j
steady. Choice steers, $4 90tfjp5 35; medium, $4 55 i
@4 65; stockers and feeders, $4<g > 5; cows and i
heifers, $3 40UT4 80; canners, $2 50@8 35.
HOGS— Were about 5c lower. Fair to choice.
$4 05@4 35; packers, $3 Ss@4 05; butchers, $3 95@
4 20; mixed. $3 90@4 10; light, $3 76@4 05; pigs.
$2 70<g3 85.
SHEEP— Were In good demand at advanced J
prices for better class of sheep and lambs, i
Native sheep, $3(jf4 80; clipped lambs, $4ig'4 75;
spring lamba, $4 75<g6 60.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; Hogs, 28,500; Sheep,
10,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June 7.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4500.
Market, steady. Native beef steers, $4@4 85;
Western steers, $3 90#4 40; Texas steers. $3 50
Q4 30; cows and heifers. $3 :'.o®4 55; stockers j
and feeders, Wa?> 20; bulls, stags, etc.. $3'tf4. :
HOGS— Receipts. &900. Market 10<g loc lower.
Heavy. $3 hj^4; mixed, $3 Xs{fß 90 ltght, $3 80
frS 87%; bulk of sales, $3 Ss<g3 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 700. Market, strong. Fair
to choice natives. $3 So(g4 50; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 70®4 40; lambs, $4 2535 90.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, June 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7000. Steady to strong. Native steers, $4(jf4 90;
native cows ...id heifers, $2 25@4 70; stockers
and feeders, $3 50®4 50: bull?, J3 SOlffS 10.
HOOS— Receipts, 17,000. Market, s?i>loc lower.
Bulk of sales, *3 60®4; heavies. $3 90@4 05;
packers. $3 70@4; mixed, $3 60@3 95; lights, $3 50
<@3 SO; yorkers, $3 75@3 80; pigs, J3'<T3 60.
SHEEP — Receipts. 1000. Market, firm.
Lambs. $3 50©*; muttons. $3 30@4 60.
DENVER.
DENVER, June CATTLE— Receipts. ' 1700.
Market -steady and strong;- beef steers, $3 So@
4 60; cows, $3 50@4 00; feeders, freight paid to
river, $4@4 60; stockers, freight paid to river,
$ 4 ii 4 70; bulls, stags, etc., $2 50<?3.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. . Market 10@15c lower;
light packers, $3 9G<§4; mixed, *3 90@3 95; heavy,
*3 8003 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market unchanged.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. June 7.— There Is little material
difference In the wool market this week. The
volume of sales foots up moderate, and the tone
Is firm. Quotations:
Territory wools— Montana fine medium and
fine. 15g16c; scoured, 45c; staple, 4Sc; Utah,
Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, Hnl.V;
staple. 48c.
Australian scoured basis combing superfine.
70<§'72c; good. 65^6»c; average, 62@65c; Queens
land combing, 63c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs covering
the principal ports of accumulation indicate
the following changes In available supplies last
Saturday as compared with the preceding
Saturday:
Wheat, United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1,747,000; afloat
for and In Europe, increase, 4,400.
World's supply, net Increase, 2,6.*>3,000.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase, l,00«,0«0.
Oats, United State* and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, Increase, 697.000.
The combined stocks of Wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle show a de
crease of 213,000 bushels for the week.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June ".—Consols, 111H; Silver, 27d;
French Rentes, 103f 20c.
LIVERPOOL, June 7.— Cargoes off coast,
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart; English country mar
kets, dull: Liverpool Wheat, spot, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 i»-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; July, 8s 6d;
September, 6s 7»4d; December, 6s 4Hd.
CORN— July steady, 3s Id; September, steady,
3s 2 T *d.
FI-OUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 12s 9d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 7.—WHEAT—Nom
inal; Walla Walla, 76c; valley and blue stem,
78@&Oc per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 7.— WHEAT— Nominally un
changed; club, 80c; blue stem, 83c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. June 7— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day at the
following prices: Cherries— Royal Anne. 90c@
$1 10, average 98c; Llewellyn, 90c; BTack Tar
tarian, 60t&90c, average 69c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 1192,513,190; gold reserve,
$109,279,014.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 7.— COTTON— Quiet; mid
dling, 6Hc. *
NEW ORLEANS, June 7.— COTTON— Quiet;
middling, 6 l-16c.
PORTLAND'S BUS INESS.
PORTLAND, Or., June 7.— Exchanges, »530,
498; balances. $114,486.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — }4 85
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17H
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 58^i
Mexican Dollars 46 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are still stagnant and
nominal at 27s 6d, usual options. The charter
ed wheat fleet In port has a registered ton
nage of 5842 against 9200 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 6336 tons against 90,000;
on the way to this port, 234.500 tons, against
276,400.
WHEAT — Another decline occurred In fu
tures. The foreign markets were ail lower, and
Chicago was irregulur. A decline In milling
grades was noted. Shipping remains purely
nominal.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ; milling. $1 55®
1 60 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, $1 36%; 14,000, »1 36H; 4000, $1 3o'/4; 88,000.
$1 36..
Second session — December— 16,000 ctls, 11 36W
14,000. $1 36H; IS.fOO, $1 KH; 4000, Jl 36%.
Regular morning session— December— lo,ooo
ctlß. $1 35%: 32,00«. $1 35'/,.
Afternoon session— 2ooo ctls, Jl 36; 16,000
$1 3GV. 8000, «! 36»4.
BARLEY— Feed rules weak and dull, with a
decline In the Inside quotation. There is very
little Inquiry for It at the moment.
Feed, $1 lC^l 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 lg%.
Regular morning session— December— 12,000
ctls, $1 17; 2000, $1 18%.
Afternoon session — December— 2<JDO ctlH, $1 17.
OATtJ— There le nothing going on to disturb
values. Stocks, though not large, are sufficient
for all needs.
Fancy feed, $1 40 per ctl; good to choice,
Jl 32%@<1 37',i; common, $l 30<S'l 32%; Surprise
$1 40<&>l 45; gray, $1 32%@1 35; milling, $1 35®
1 40 per ctl.
CORN— An advance in small yellow, which Is
very scarce. Is the only change. The other de
scriptions are dull.
Small round yellow, |1 25@1 30; large yellow
$1 I'THfffl 10: white, »1 of,@l 07% per ctl.
RYE— Weak and quiet at $1 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 86 per ctl.
FLwi_K AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour la easy and quiet at unchanged quota
tions.
FLOUR— Family extras, »5 50®5 60; bakers'
extras, $5 25*85 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 76 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Commeal, $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4<g>4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
(5f6 20; in sacks, $5 60@6- Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Buyers of Hay are holding oft, as they gen
erally do when the new crop comes forward,
hoping thereby to supply themselves at lower
prices. But the conditions are different this
year. The crop Is light and the general disposi
tion among growers Is to hold until the fall.
The fancy grades are weak, but the medium
grades are firm, as there Is a keen demand for
them and they are very scarce.
Bran has advanced. Middlings are un
changed.
BRAN— SIS 50<S'16 30 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 0O(&22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, »26®27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S3l<S"3l 50; Job
blng, $32«32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $21®
23; Wheat and Oat $20^22 SO; Oat. $17@19;
Barley, ; compressed Wh°at, $21(523; com
pressed Oat, $16<fn.S; Alfalfa, $12®13 50; Clover,
nominal; Timothy, $156:17
NEW HAY— Wheat wire-bound, $18^21; Oat.
; Barley, ; island Barley, $12*514; Al
falfa, $12f(iH.
STRAW— GS@9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue very firm, and holders are
asking considerably over the quotations. There
Is no change in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos $2 90<fi>3- Small Whites, $2r3
2 10; Large Whites $1 95^2 05; Pinks, $2 60®
2 70; Reds. $2 75i52 90; Blackeye. $3 25^3 40:
Butters, $1 75@1 90; Ltmas. $2 »O<S3; Pea, $1 85
@2; Red Kidneys. |2 65<g2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25«i2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, 13 15@2 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed. 2%<§2%.c per lb; Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp. 2%<g3c; Timothy, 5(&5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, Jl 75 ©J; Green, $1 900
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS A-ND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, lOtfloc per lb;
Green Peppers, 10@15c; Tomatoes, $2@2 50 per
box.
Potatoes and Onions continue In liberal sup
ply at unchanged prices.
Asparagus is higher. Other descriptions of
Vegetables remain about the same.
POTATOES— River Reds, nominal; River
Burbanks. 4fK(ir,oc per sack; Oregon Burbanka,
40iff60c; Petaluma Burbanks. CO(g6oc per sack;
new Potatoes, %®l%c per lb in sacks and oOc
<frsl in boxes.
ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at $4@4 50; new,
40© 50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 247 boxes As
paragus, 60 boxes Rhubarb. 274 sacks Peas
and 70 sacks Beans.
Asparagus, $2 s<Vfr2 75 for extra large; $1 60^
2 2". per box for No. 1, ."OcfffJl 25 for small ; Rhu
barb, 50c(S$l per box; Green Peas, 75c(g$l 25
per sack; Garden Peas, 2c per lb; String
ll<-ans. 4'ijSc; Wax Beans, 7-JiSe: Horse Beans.
40950 c per sack; Summer Squash, 85cgtl per
box; Dried Peppers. MWc per lb; Dried Okra,
12Uc; Cabbage. 50@6f)c per Ctl; farrots, So©6oc
per sack; Marjsville I'ucumbere. 6f>c®sl per
box: Vacaville Tomatoes, $2 25 per box; Garlic,
5c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETAIU.KS-
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lb; sliced, desiccated, 18® 18c; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c:
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern was put on late
yesterday afternoon. In local stock Hens and
young fowls wen? lower.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, l<V{ri2c for Gob
blers and 10® 12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75c
Oil; Goslings. iVifl 25; Du<ks, $3<S3 50 for old
and $3t>'4 SO for young; Hens, $3 TiOfgS; Roos
ters, young, J7&9; Roosters, old. $3 an@4; Fry
ers, $.>'a6; Broilers, $3 50^4 SO for large, %Z<sZ
for small; Pigeons, $1 *s©l 50 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese Is dull and weak, as the Eastern pro
duct Is competing with it. Eggs are a- shade
higher again and In steady demand. Butter
is easy at former prices.
J BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 18H@19c; sec
onds, 17H@18c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 16%@17Hc; common
grades, lf.@l6c per lb. .
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, IB®
16Hc; ladle-packed, I&£fl6c per lb; Elgin, 17
@18c. *
CHEESE- Choice mild new, 9c: old, . 7%@
BVsc; Cream Cheddar, 10®llc; Young America,
10®llc; Eastern, 12®13c.
EGGS— Ran<^» Eggs, 15017 c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14@15c; Eastern, 14"@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c. ;-••...
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Plums now show the effects of the recent hot
spell and are cooked on one side. Cherries con
tlnuo small and poor. Peaches are slow and
weak. Apricots keep up, though they are un-
derslzed. . • .
Berries range about the same. Currants are
slow. . '- ■■
Oranges. Lemons and Limes are in good sup
ply and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 193 chests of Strawberries and
4619 boxes of Cherries and -fsS boxes Apricots.
Strawberries. $2'<j4 per chert for large and
$3'@ > 7 for small berries in bauket. and for
loose.
White Cherries, IK'S 3Oc per box; black. 25®
50c; Royal Annes, 35@60c; loose Cherries,
2c for white and 2©3 1 ,4 c per 1b or black, and
2Vt@3%c for Royal Anne. 1
Currants. $2@3 50 per chest.
Blackberries, 90c per crate and per
drawer.
Plums, 50975 c per crate and 35@75c per box;
Cherry Plums, 20<g30c per drawer and BSO6OC
per box.- •.
Apricots, 50@S5c per box and 60@S5c per
crate for Royals.
Peaches, 40@60c per box.
Gooseberries, l«ff2o per 1b for common and
4fisc for English.
Newcastle Raspberries. $1 25@1 50 per crate;
Nearby Raspberries, $4(S10 per chest.
Apples. 00c<5$l 50 per box; new Apples, 40<§>
60c per box and 40&50 c per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 75@3 25;
Seedlings, 7ric'ql2s; Lemons, sOcsrsl for com
mon and $1 2: r n2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $3fr4; California Limes, in small boxes,
40@50c; Bananas. $1 25@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FKI/ITS. NUTS, RAISINS, KTC.
There is a fair Jobbing trade at unchanged
quotations.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%<cj!
Be for 40-50' s, 4'i'a4Sc , for '50-60' s, 3%@4c for
GO-70s, 3%<g'3%c for 70-80' 2%©3 c for 80-90' s, 2%
@2%c for 90-lCO's; Peaches, 3®sc; fancy, 5H@
Cc; peeled, 1(M?12V; Apricots, 506V&C for Royals
and 7(gßc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7&<?8c; sun-dried. 4V£@sc; Black
Figs in sacks, 2©2^c; Plums, 4%@4->ic for
pitted and l%ig'li*c t«> ' unpltted; bleached
Plums, B^CUc; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2V4f 4%c for quarters and 3@s&c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IHfc'Sc for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, "3Hc for four-crown, 4'{c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and vsl@v sl@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2V&C
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per Ib;
Walnuts, 3'dlc for hardshell and 4fg6c for soft
shell; Almonds, J®4c for. - hardshell, 6<g7c for
softshell, B%@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
5%c for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans,. 6V4<frßc; Filberts, 9M'B'loc: Brazil • Nuts.
B<6«e per rb; Cocoanuts. •$4 50#5 per 100. -
HONEY— Comb, i 9<gloc for bright . and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, SV-<3>
6c; light amber extracted. 4%@s'£c per lt>.
BEESWAX— 26c per It). .
;:; ; v;.-vC ■ ■ ■ — • . ;.
PROVISIONS.
Business is brisk at unchanged prices, J and
the feeling is firm. . 1-.- V
CURED . MEATS — Bacon, . 9o per . IT) • for
heavy. 9%c tor light ■ medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12^4c for sugar cured;
Eastern . sugar-cured Hams, : 10%@llc; ■ Cali
fornia Hams, 9V4@loc; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mesa Beef. > $11; Family Beef,: $12; Salt
Pork. $9; , extra prime Pork, : $10; extra clear,
$17® 17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12»/ 2 c per
lt>.- . ■;•.•; ■■- ■ ;-.--;■ ■ ■: .■ / ... ■/■
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per tb
for compound and B>,£c for pure; pails, 9%c;
California tierces, o^c per n> for compound
and "Vie for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-lb
tins, B%e; 6-rt> tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. fi%@7Hc; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-tb pails, 60 in a case. 9%e;
8-tb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-tb pails, 12 in a
cone, B*£c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-!t>
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
Jt>s net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 lt>s net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 tbs, 7%c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
Hides continue strong and active. There Is
rather more doing in Wool and quotations for
the spring clip will probably be established in
a few days. There is no coll for Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs j and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10®10Hc; medium, 9(&9^c; light. 9c;
Cowhides, 9©9Uc; Stags, 60; salted Kip, 9V4c;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides. 16% c; culls and brands,
134i13V4c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@16c; dry Calf,
U@toc; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@37%c each;
Kids. ; s@loc; - Deerskins, good , summer, ■ 25fT30c
per tb; medium. 20c;- winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, :. 20@30c ■ each; •" short •■". wool, ;. 40@70c
each; medium. ; 70®90c;;- long wool, 90c@$l 30
each ;: Horsehldes, salt, ■; $2@2 50 for large and
$1 50@2 for small; Colts. 25<0\">Oc; Horsehldes,
dry, $1 Do<<?2 for. large and $I@l 50 for small;
Colts, 25<i?50c. - .:■ .;• '. *:.>?. • .
TALLOW— No. ,:I: rendered.- 3ifi3V4c per Ib;
No. 2. 2®2Hc; refined, 4%@4%c; Grease. 2c.vpvi
WOOL— Fall clip, San . Joaquln. defective, 7(8)
»c; Southern Mountain, - 9@11c; .. free : Northern,
17«gil8c. ..■. ::;;: . ; .. ..-.;■ -
.- HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@12%c ": per It>. »
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is a good demand for Hogs, and as.
they are in light supply the feeling is firm and
a further advance is noted. Still higher prices
are expected to prevail shortly. Beef is also
firm. The other descriptions show no change.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
6%c; third quality, 4@sc per It).
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small. 6@7c per tt>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Bc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
n>.
LAMB— Spring, B@BHc per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 4Vi@4%e for large, 4H<f
4%c for medium and Z^iHc for small; stock
Hogs, 3%<J3Hc; dressed Hogs, 6@7c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July, B>4@
5%c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $4 85.
COAI.T-- Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $fi; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
! $7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
1 sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 10% c; Sisal, lO^c, basis.
CANNED FKUITS— White Cherries, $1 50®
1 60; Peaches, $1 lCgl 20; Pears, ; Apri
cots, $l(ffl 10.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 76@80c; To
matoes, 80c.
C'oFKEE- We quote:
Costa Rica— l6Si 17c for prime washed; 14®
15c for good washed; 16@16^c for good to prime
washed peaberry, 14(§15c for good peaberry;
12Vi@12M!C for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; 10H@12c for
fair; 6!9'9e for common to ordinary. Salvador
— 13@15^c for good to prime washed; ll(<jl2Vic
for fair washed; 14@15e for good to prime
washed peaberry; SH#loVic for superior un
washed; B%<@9c for good green unwashed; 12®
12u,c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
| Nicaragua— SVSlOc for good to superior un-
I washed; Il@l2c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexico— l7@lSV4e
for prime fancy washed; 14@lSc for good to
strictly good washed; ll@lßHc for fair washed;
! 8V«!&'10Hc for medium; 4H@Bc for Inferior to
I ordinary; 15\4@i7^c for good to prime washed
peaberry; ll^&l2Hc for good unwashed pea
berry; 9®loHc for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 4Hc; imitation Eastern, s>4c; boneless,
sMic; strips, s\<g7^c ; blocks, 5%@7c; tablets,
7Hc; middles, 6H®B%c per lt>; desiccated, 87*4°
I per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8 00;
i pickled cod, half barrels, each. $4 50.
j OILr-Ca!lfornia Castor Oil, cases, No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed OH. in barrels, boiled, 58c; raw, 56c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
; barrels. Gsc; No. 1. 55e; cases, 5c more; China
Nut, 49<f?r.6c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil,
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude. 60c; natural white,
SOc; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25®
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2<J?2 25 per gal-
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk, HHc
i per gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral Oil,
17c; Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil, 21c- Elaine
Oil, 22c; Eocene Oil. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk. 12c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
! line, in cases, 17V£c; 03 degree Naphtha, in bulk,
! ll^c; 63 degree Naphtha, In cases. 16V4C; 86 de
j gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline,
I in <-ases, 25c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per It)
TT-RPENTINE-In cases. 4Sc: in iron bar
rels, 44c: In wood»n barrels. 46c per gallon
! H'COL— Boiled, barrels, 50c; boiled. In cases,
i sf>c; raw, barrels, 48c; raw, cases, u3c per gal
! ion.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light. f,s. lfi oz, 7V4c; 14 oz, 6^4c; 12
oz, r»"4c; 10 oz. 4Vic. Parafllne Wax Candles-
Is, 2s. 4s. 6s and 12s. white, ~\c; colored B%c
QrK'KSII.VKR— For export, $40, and local
use, $43 per flask.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, 30^350 per !t>;
harneFs, medium, 2Sc; harness, light 26^?27c
i rniißh. medium, 28c: rough, light, 26<527c; rough
] Leather. 22fr23c; Kips, $405f50 per dozen; Calf
I 9nc(Ssl per tt>: rough splits. 7®Bc; belt-knife
: splits, 10(tl2c; Collar Leather, black. 10&12 C per
; foot; Collar Leather, russet, 10<3>12c; Skirting
: Leather. 30<g3f>r per lb.
! SUGAR— The W.eftern Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
I and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6'i.o; Dry
Granulated. !>%e: Confectioners' A, s'^c: Mag
nolia A. f»Hc: Extra C, ."He; Golden C. o^c:
Candy Granulatod. 6c; California A. S^c per
n>; half-barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes \t>c more.
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— lO^l2c each for No. 1 and 6@Bc for
No. 2; Redwood, $5 per cord; Oait, rough, $6 50;
peeled. $9; Pine, $5 75.
I.T'MHER-Retnil prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $17®1S 50: extra sizes, higher.
Redwood— JlS<&2o for No. 1 and SIS'SIS for No 2-
Lath. 4 feet. $2 4M?2 50; Pickets, $17; Shingles
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic'
|21 <& 26.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, June 7.
Flour, qr sks ... 3,905 [Straw, tons .'.„. 16
Wheat, ctls 1,440 Sugar, hf bbls... 1,500
Cheese, ctls 20 Wool, bales .....' 223
Butter, ctls ..... 325 Pelts, bdls >...:..'■ 120
Tallow, ctls 277 1 Hides, no 236
Beans, sks 10 1 Eggs, doz ...'. 15,030
Potatoes, pks ... 1.917 Quicksilver, flsk. 150
Onions, sks 418 Leather, rolls ... 71
Bran, sks 85, Wine, gals ...... 25,000
Middlings, sks ... 358 1 Raisins, bxs ....; 1,6.-,4
Hay, tons .... 140>Ltme. bbls ..;..-. ■- 81 •
Oregon' :0;;-^.
Wheat, ctls 790 1 Potatoes, eks ... 762
Shorts, sks 505 1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,200 i ..............
UTAH.
Hay, tons 50 J ...... -
;.t^;; - — : ■ ♦■ —
THE STOCK MARKET.
A slight improvement in Caledonia carried
the stock up to 30 cents yesterday, but it sub
sequently fell back. ; Otherwise there was no
change In mining stocks. ; . '
In local securities ■ Oceanic Steamship ad
vanced to $62 and Hutchlnson Plantation to
$50, and Hawaiian • Commercial declined' to
$22 124.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Mexi
can Mining Company will be held to-day.
The delinquency in office' of the assessment of
2 cents per share on the capital stock of the
Reward Gold Mining * Company, of Amador
County has been postponed to July 6, and the
day of sale to July 29. ■ ..
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Grass
Valley has declared its eighteenth monthly
dividend of 5 cents per | share, payable Imme
diately.
Mining dividends declared in May were as
follows: ■ v ,
Mines. Amount.
California 3 $36,973
Colorado 12 203.500
Idnho 2 136,200
Montana 3 1,986.640
South Dakota 4 121,500
Utah 7 119,500
Brltieh Columbia 2 52.316
South America 1 15,000
Total 34 $2,671,631
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah has
declared a monthly dividend of 25 cents per
share, amounting to $37,500, payable June 10.
The Mercur Mining Company of Utah has
declared a monthly dividend of 18 cents per
share, amounting to y536.000.
In the Chollar mine they have placed two
sots of timbers in the main incline above the
1200 station since last report. On the 100-foot
level the upraise above the north drift from
the east crosscut has been stopped, and they
are now engaged in repairing the main drift.
On the tunnel level the upraise from the west
crosscut, 60 feet north of the south line, has
been advanced 7 feft, and is up 2S feet, show
ing bunches of pay ore as they advance, and
from which they have saved 10' tons and 1000
pounds of ore, the car samples of which
showed an average of $8 12 in gold and 16.71
ounces of silver per ton. On the Brunswick
lode the 800-foot level station of shaft No. 1
has been completed, and a Joint south drift
front the east end of the station has been
started, and is now out 10 feet.
In the Potosi mine they have placed two sets
of timbers In the main Incline since last re
port. The Joint Potosl-Bulllon west crosscut
on the tunnel level has been advanced 25 feet
during the week, and Is now out 106 feet. The
face Is in quartz giving low assays. Since the '
Ist instant it has been run solely by the Potosi
Company. On the Brunswick lode, in incline
shaft No. 1, the 800-foot level station and
chutes have been completed and a Joint drift
started south from the east end of the sta
tion. It is out 10 feet in porphyry. 600-foot
l eve l_The main south drift has been extended
27 feet, and is now out 419 feet south of the
PotoFl north line. The face is In low grade
quartz.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 7—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Aßk.
Is quar coup.. llo 112 Oakland Gas.. 48 49
Is quar reg. ..107%108% Pac Gas Imp.. 86V4 —
Is quar new. ..122V4123V* Pac L Co — 51
Miscellaneous— 8 F G & E... 86% 87^
Cal-st Cab 58.114%— San Fran .... 3>4 —
Cal El «s 125 — Stock Gas .... 12 —
2 C Wat 55... 101 — Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — 98V6 Flrem's Fund. 185 —
E L & P 65..127V4— Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65.113 — Anglo-Cal .... 56 65
3eary-st R ss. — »8 Bank of Ca1..242%245
HC & S 6H5..100 105 Cal SD & T.. — 109
L, A L Co 6s. — 100 First Nat .... 202^210
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Lon p & A...127H —
Market-st 65.. — 126 Mer Exchange 10 15
Do Ist M 55. .113 114 N'ev Nat 8... .152^160
Vat Vln 6s Ist — 97^ Savings Banks—
\ T CNG Ry7».103 — Ger S & L..1400 1600
N Ry Cal 6R..107H — Hum S & L.10&0 1160
NRy Cal 55..1(>n%101% Mutual Say. — 42^
NPCRR6s. — — SF Say U.. — 500
KPC R R ss. — — 3& L 50.... — 100
Dak Gas 55.... 100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d is 55..105%110 Union T Co. 975 —
Om Ry 6s 124 125% Street Railroad—
P & O 6s lOBV4 — California ....108H —
P&CI Ry 65.108V4 — Geary 40 —
Powell-st fis...HS 120 Market-st .... 53% 53%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio — 8%
Sac ElecßySs.MO — Powder—
BF& N P 0b.107%108 California ....125 160
BierraACal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
SPof Ar 65.. 104% — Slant Con Co. 45 46
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Vlgorit 3 3U
SPC 1b eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
8 PBr 6s 112%114 Al Pao Assn.. 94 94*
S V Wat 65... 1161)411714 Gen Ld Wks..llO —
S V Wat 45...100%mi4j| Hana P C 0.... 12 —
Stock Cias 65.. — 103 H C & S Co.. 22% 22%
Water Stocks— Hutch S p Co. 49% 50
CTontra Costa.. 56% 58 M*r Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 6
Spring Valley. 99 99% Oceanic S Co. 60% 62%
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1%. —
Sent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0.... — 102%
Vlutual El Co. — 11% Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
115 Spring Valley Water 99 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 00
$2000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 107 50
$1000 S P of A Bonds 105 00
50 Market-street Railway 53 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 87%
240 do do 22 75
200 do do 22 50
60 do do 22 37%
50 do do 22 25
215 do do 22 62%
3SO Hutehlnson S P Co 50 00
50 Vlgorit Powder 3 12%
$4000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 101 r,O
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 75
66 do do 61 00
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 101 00
Afternoon Session
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 101 50
5 Spring Valley Water 99 25
50 Alaska Packers' Association 94 00
$2000 S P of A Bonds 105 00
70 Oceanic Steamship Co 62 00
265 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar....... 22 12%
200 do do 22 25
CO do do b 6 22 37%
50 do do b 10 22 37%
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 101 00
150 Hutchinson S P Co 60 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Hutchinson S P Co. s 10 49 60
$5000 Spring Valley Water 6s 11j 12%
20 Oakland Gas L & H Co 48 00
Street—
60 Hawaiian C & 3 Co W 00
Afternoon Session
33 Market-street Ry Co 53 37%
80 do do 53J5
135 Hawaiian CAS Co 22 62%
10 do do s 10 22 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 25 400 Mexican 18
100 26100 Ophir 31
600 Chollar 10 500 Poto«l 15
200 Con Cal & Va.. 45 100 Sierra Nevada.. 66
100 Hale & Norcross 89;>OO Utah 07
Afternoon Session.
600 Chollar 10 *00 Ophlr 81
400 Con Cal & Va.. 46 200 Potosl 14
200 Mexican 17 200 Sierra Nevada.. 68
100 16
Following were the salea in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 09 500 Overman 08
200 Best & Belcher. 26 1 100 Sierra Nevada. 66
200 Caledonia 25 600 67
600 26 300 63
300 28 400 65
1500 Con Cal & Va. 46 TOO Union Con 09
400 Gould & Curry.- 171500 0?-
GOO Mexican 18 100 Tellow Jacket... 22
400 Ophlr 311
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 08 1 600 Overman 08
200 Caledonia 25|700Potosi 15
300 26 . 1000 Savage 07
100 Chollar 10 1 400 Sierra Nevada.. 67
200 Con Cal & Va.. 46i300 68
800 Mexican 17 300 Vnion Con 07
200 Ophlr , S2lsOOUtah 06
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 06 08
Alta 08 10 Kentuck 05 06
Andes 08 09 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 08 OS Mexican 16 17
Best & Belcher 23 24 Occidental 65 —
Bullion 04 05 Ophir 31 32
Caledonia 25 27 Overman 06 08
Chollar 09 11 Potosl 14 15
Challenge Con. 22 23 Savage 07 08
Con Cal & Va. 46 47 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Confidence — 43 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 65 67
Crown Point ... 11 12 Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — f>l Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... r- 20;Standanl 166 165
Exchequer 01 03 i Union Con 07 08
Gould & Curry. V 5 IS 'Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. S3 So, Yellow Jacket. 22 23
Julia — 02 1
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
No.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Hale & Norcross. 11?
Yellow Jacket 63
Mexican.. 6J
Segr- Belcher 21
Overman 80
Cha11enge........ • 26
N. Gould & Curry 20
Ki'iituck ...:.. 15
Union .;..^: 5«
Sivagre . y5
Chollor «6
8e1cher....;...'... —
..Apr 0 ..June 3o 10
..May 8 ..June lT 30
..May 15!. . June 8 15
..May I*|.. June 13 06
..Miy ]«;.. June 13 04
..May 28 ! ..Jnne2t 10
..June » June 2ol 10
..June 5 ..June 3o 05
..June 11 ..July l 15
..July 5 ..July 27 10
..July 7 ..Aug i 16
July 7 10
THE LITTLE ENCYCLOPEDIA.
The eye of a dragon-fly contains 28,00(
polished lenses.
Flies are not the only thing found ir
amber. In a big mass of clear amber
dredged up out of the Baltic Sea re
cently, there was distinctly visible in
Its interior a small squirrel — fur, teeth
and claws intact.
It is said that the phonograph is now
used in the Spanish telephone service.
Messages are spoken into it, and the
instrument repeats them to the tele
phone. They are also received on a
phonograph at the distant station.
The microphone is being utilized for
the education of deaf-mutes, and such
persons can actually hear sounds pro
ceeding from the micrnphonograph, and
soon learn to utter them. It appears to
be an efficacious method, even with per
sons who have passed middle life.
M. Leon Lemal has brought out a new
method of coloring glass by covering it
with a silver salt and heating it to 500
degrees centigrade. On cooling it the
glass is found to be tinged. When seen
by light passing through it the glass is
yellow, and it is blue when seen by re
flected light. Salts of gold, iron and
copper and other metals also stain glass
in this way. It is possible to produce
pretty decorations by the process.
One of the greatest wonders of Java,
"the fire island," a large lake of boil
ing mud, is situated almost in the
plains of Grobogana, some distance to
the northeast of Solo. It is nearly two
miles in circumference, and in the cen
ter immense columns of soft, hot mud
may be seen continually, rising and fall-
Ing, like great black timbers thrust
forth an^ then suddenly withdrawn by
a giant's hand. Besides the phenom
enon of the columns, there are two gi
gantic bubbles near the Western edge,
which fill up like huge balloons and ex
plode on an average three times per
minute.
THTs CALL CALENDAR,
June, IS9B.
Moon's Phase*.
■ i
11
©Full Moo a.
w June 4
16
"a"
1C
/ft Last Quarter,
*& June 10.
fZS. New Moon.
V? June 13.
28
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The hli?h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
JUNE-1-i'JS.
>.] . Wednesday, June 8.7
Bnn riMs .........: .... ..;• .... «:47
Sun MM.... .* T:3O
Moon rises. ...... ............ .■ . ......... .11 :02 p. m.
IH'Wi ■
H W
L Wi !
10 3:
111 6:
L
121 0:
18 1:
•iff n.toi — v.ii o:»ii * i* o:*u
6.« 9:ia|— 01 4:83 -60 -»:53
5.1 10:08. 0.6 - £:18 '5.2 11:18
4.8 11:08 l.li • 6:01 6.3|.
t.\ H--W " IL W !H W!
».0|; 6:2« 8.9 l?: 00 , 1.61 .6:45
1.61-7:49 — 8.9| 12:4J 2j| 7:27 1
O.J
J.B
2.4
5.4
. f-.6
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as -o time. Th«
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a. minns dun (—)( — ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minu sign (— ) precedes the hetghth,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth gtven by the charts, l'he plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located in the Merchants' exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to rationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete rets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, laj
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the mornlnp papers the fo. lowing day.
? P, WELCH. Ensign. U. 3. N.. In charge.
STKAAUUKIt TO AHKIVB.
STI4MKR.
Titania
Crescent City..
City of Para.. . .
Homer
Aresta
ChUkat
VVaahtenaw
Valencia
Humboldt.
Oreron
Nortn Pore....
San Mateo
Santa Hoi i. ..
Pulton
Onlo
Welllnrtoa....
Orizaba 
Walla Walla.!..
Column* ,
Km pire. ..._....
Coos Bay
Curacao
Pomona
State oi Oai
iN»naimo
Crescent Ciw
Panama
Newport
Coos Bar
Eel River
Tncotna.
Alaska
iD.vea
I Portland
! Mumooiat...... ■
Comox
I «an Dlero.. ..'; „
Portland ....
Seattle
UeDarture Bay
HumDolai
Victoria *Pu«r«t Sound..
Portland
Coos Bay- ■
Newport ...„
Mexico
San Dlero.
Portlana
Jno 8
.Tne 8
.Tne 8
Jne 8
Jne 9
I Jne »
Ijne i»
Jne 9
Jne 10
Jne 10
Jne 10
STKAMEHS TO SAIL.
.TIONi
MorfranCy. St. Michael...
Bute of Cal Portland
San Bias. . . Panama
Pomona... . San Oleco
Scotia Humboldt....
Homer Newport
Arcata Coos Bay
Prof Moree Alaska.
City Puebla Vie *. Prt Bna
Chiikat — Humboldt
St. Paul.... Alaska
Oreron Portiana
Leelanaw . Alaska
Santa Rosa San Die»o
Pulton Oregron Ports
Humooldt.. Alaska.
NortnForll Humboldt ...
Orizaba.... Humboldt....
Columbia.. Portland
C level and. . Alaska
Coos But.. Newport
Walla Wlls j Vie Sc Prt Snd
Moana 'Sydney
i 8. 4to
i 8.10 am
> 8. 1* M
) 9. 11 All
I 9. 10 AM |
1 10. I am I
(10.10 am
>J0
1 10. 10 AM
! 10. V AM
I U. 2 PM
•11. 10 am
11. 2PM
13. 11. AM
! 12, 10 am
•12 ......
! 13. 9 AM
) 13. 10 AM
) U. 10 AM
iU
li. 9 AM
» 16. 10 AM
? 16. 2PM
Pier —
Pier 13
PM 39
Pier H
Pier 3
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier "5
Pier 18
9 W 4
Pier 13
Pier i
Pier U
Pier"
Pier 9
Pier 11
I
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier T
TIME BALL.
Branch HydrogTaphic Office, TJ. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Junm
7, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at nooon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwioa
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. . . *
. • Tuesday, ; Juno T.
• Stmr Cleone, Hlgglne, 15 hours from Albion.
via Point Arena 11 hours. -• :
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, .16 • hours from Fort
Bragg-. ■ .-.
Stmr George Lnomli, Brldgett, 86 hours from
Ventura. Up river dlrot. ■ •' ■
- Stmr . Bonlta, Nicolson, 20 hours . from : San
Simeon. ■ . . • ■■ • • -
Stmr. Signal, Bendegard, 3 days from Gray»
Harbor. .
Stmr Professor Morse. Lowberg. 92 days from
New Orleans, via Sandy Point 40 days,- via
Coronel 30 days. ' . .
Br Btmr BelKio, Rlnder, 2S days from Hong
hong, via Yokohama 17 days 5 hours 42 mln, via
Honolulu 6 days 7 hours 42 mln. ■--'■
Bark Fresno, Underwood, 7 days from Port
Ludlow.
Schr Bender Bros, "Wetzel, 12 hours from
Fisks Mill.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 6 days from South
I Bend. < • -.
Schr Rloßey, Johnson, 8% days from Coquille
River. ■ • • . • . ■
Schr, Edward Parks, - Johnson. 23 hours from
TJsal. I . . ,-
Schr Parkersburg, Nielsen, 4 days from Co
quille River. ....
Schr Ralph J Long, Gruggel, 10 days from
Sluslaw River.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 5 days from
Grays Harbor. ■ ■
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen, 24 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Schr Neptune.Estvold, 50 hours from Usal.
"V CLEARED. m
Tuesday, June 17. X.T
Stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R Duns- '
muir Sons & Co.- -- • -..- ■: M'-s*..
; Stmr State of California, -- Green, Astorlaj
Goodall, Perkins & Co. " .'
Stmr Charles Nelson. Anderson, Seattle; 133
T .Kruse.-. . .
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 7.
■ U S stmr Brutus, . Cotman, Honolulu and Ma
nila. ......
O S stmr Monterey, Leutze, Honolulu and
Manila. ,
Stmr Orizaba, ' Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw, - Llttlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Bark Hunter, Bejson, St Michael.
Bktn S N Castle, Hubbard, Honolulu.
Schr La Chilena, Madsen. Fort Ross.
Schr "Wing and Wing, Slmmle, Apia. ,
Stmr Coquille River. Johnson, Fort Brags'.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 7—lo p. m.— Weather .
foggy; wind SW; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Archer loads mdsse for Honolulu; Frano*
Cherle, redwood for England, 60s. . -:;v> ..-•■-•-.■■
SPOKEN.
May 24— Lat 13 N, long 26 W, Br ship Gar*.
- dale, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
June Lat 50 N. lone 23 W, Br ship Celtl»«
i burn, hence Jan SO for Hull.
June I— Lat 50 S, long 23 W, Br bark Earl
| Cadogan, from Tacoma. for Queenstown.
June I—Lat1 — Lat 50 N, long 23 W, Br bark Invep.
| may, hence Dec 2S. for Queenstown.
• ■ DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 7— Stmr Alliance
I hence June 1; stmr Laurada,' hence June 2; stm
Noyo, from Orca.
Sidled June 7— Stmr Portland, for St Mich
ael.
COOS BAT— June 7— Stmr Arcata, foe
San Francisco
GRAYS HARBOR— June Schr De
fender, for Hilo.
COQUILLE RlVEß— Arrived June 2Schr Ll*,
zte Prien, hence May 24. .
NEHALEM RlVEß— Sailed June 4— Schr Vo
lant, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 7— Stmr Scotia, for
San ■ Francisco.
■ SEATTLE— June 7— Stmr Brixam, for
NEWPORT— June Schr Endeavor^
from Port Gamble; stmr Alcatraz. . -
: ASTORIA— June 7— Br ship Socrotra,
for Queenstown; stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco. '
Arrived June • — Stmr Columbia, henc* i
> June 7. ■• >A
A— Sailed June 6— Schr Sadie, for San ~
i Francisco. • - ■•-.•••'■ ■ ,i
TILLAMOOK— June 6— Stmr Ruth,
, hence June 2.
Sailed June 7— Schr Laura Pike, for Saa
i Francisco. . ■
USAL— Sailed June Stmr Jewel, for San
i Pedro. •
ASTORlA— Arrived June s— Stmr Fulton, hn«
May 31. - ' ; :; ■
COOKS INLET— Arrived prior to April 12—
Ship Centennial, hence March 26; stmr Jennie.
! hence April 2. - ■
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 6— Stmr Sequoia
hence June 5. • ■ _ _ --,
Sailed June 6— Stmr Sunol. for San Francisco,
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 7— Schr Halcyon. fo#
Eureka. . - "-\ ,
Arrived June Stmr Laguna, hence June L
TATOSHPassed June 6— Ship Spartan, form
Seattle, for San Francisco; stmr. Min^ola, hnce
June 4. for Comox. -~Z'll „ ', ,
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 7— Stmr Humboldt,
' for San Francisco. • • • " • .
FOREIGN- PORTS.
HONOLULU— SaiIed May 26— Stmr Marlposa,
'< for Sydney; schr Esther Buhne, for San Fran
i cisco; schr Emma and Louise, for San Diego;
May 27-Schr King Cyrus, for San Francisco:
bktn Planter, for Laysan Island ; -ship J B
Walker, for New York. May 28— Haw bark
: Mauna Ala. for San Francisco. May 30— Scht
' Lizzie Vance, for San- Francisco. May 31—
j Bktn Irmgard, for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived May 25— Bark Ceylon, from
Sailed May 22— Haw bark Roderick Dtvu, for
! San Francisco; ship Kenil worth, for . New
MAHl'KONA— Sailed May Brig John D
i Spreckels." for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived May 13— Fr bark Gen
Noumayer. hence March 5. ■ " : ■
DUNGENESS— Passed June s— Ship Bothwell,
from Hull, for San Francisco. '■ ,'■■■■
QUEENSTOWN— June 6— ltal ; ship
I Francesco Ciampa* for. Limerick. .
YOKOHAMA— June 3— stmr Olym
| pla. for Tacoma. *sjtjj#i
HONOLULU— Arrived May 2C— Ship J B
: Walker, from Kobe, en route ■ for New York;
i stmr Mariposa, hence • May 19. May 2— Bchr
Jessie Minor, from Eureka. May 29— U S stmr
Charleston, nee May 22. May 29— Schr Lizzie
Vance, from Newcastle, N S W. May 30— Ger \
ship Marie Hackfeld, from Bremen. May 31— ■ , :
Br stmr Belglc, from Hongkong.
SWANSEA— SaiIed June 7— ship Milton
burn, for San Francisco. ' -.■.■>.
• QUEENSTOWN— June 7— bark
Inverlyon, hence Jan 9; Br ship* Port Caledo
nia, from Oregon. -.-gstesl^lfSiSSfi
' ATLANTIC STEAMERS. ' \
ANTWERP— Arrived June Stmr ' South- .'
j wark, from New York. • • -■ ■■ >
HAMBURG— June 6— Stmr : Pennsylva-
I nia, for New York. . i
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 6-Stmr Fried
ro d , er Grosse, for New York. J^^k
fo N Y TAR ~ June . 6— Stmr Werr * 9
MARSEILLES— Sailed June 4— Stmr '. Alesla,
from New -York.- ■ — • .-
,■ • PHILADELPHIA— Arrived • June 6 — Stm*
Rhynland, from Liverpool. ...
• BREMERHAVENT-Arrived " Juno ' ' *-Btmr
Trave, from New York. : . "' -^ ■RECORDS OF
CONSTABLES
Grand Jurors Start on a
New Trail.
RIVAL JUSTICES OF THE PEACE
3NE INVADES THE DOMAIN OF
THE OTHER.
Testimony to Show That an Excess of
Mileage Was Charged on
at Least Two
Occasions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 7.
The Grand Jury has been at work all
day on the affairs of Justices and con
stables. Some of the evidence given before
it evidently needs explanation. Expert
Denehee was at work for a long while on
the records of Justice Clift's court, and it
has been expected all along that some
thin* sensational would result. Since At
torney Kinard commenced his opposition
to the payment of certain fees before tha
Supervisors many facts have been brought
forward to show that a petty and very
undignified fight Is being waged between
the Justices and constables of Oakland
and Brooklyn townships.
Attorney Kinard has two men, E. A.
Carr and J. Ramsey, whose testimony was
given to the Grand Jury to-day. These
men declare that they were arrested at
Sixteenth street depot and that the con
stables swore to charges for mileage from
Highlands, which is many miles further
away. It is also alleged that these two
men were arrested inside the city limits,
and that consequently Justice Clift ille
gally charged fees for trying their cases.
The records in Justice Clift's office show
that Carr and Ramsey were arrested May
31 for vagrancy. The warrant shows that
they were arrested out6ide of the corpo
rate limits of the city of Oakland. They
pleaded guilty and were sentenced to
three days apiece in the County Jail, and
Judge Clift says that everything is per
fectly clear and legal.
Attorney Kinard went to the County
Jail Saturday with another gentleman
who administered an oath to them, the
nature of which no one seems to know
and s'.nce their release Mr. Kinard says
he is keeping them so that they can give
all the testimony necessary to the Grand
Jury. On the other hand, the constables
of Justice Clift's court declare they have
a grievance because of the amount of
criminal business taken to the court in
Brooklyn Township. The cases of Stacey
Rogers of Berkeley, charged with murder
of a young man named Fraser of Berke
ley, charged with felony, and another
criminal case, have been ordered by the
District Attorney to the Brooklyn court
and there tried, thus greatly increasing
the mileage of witnesses and putting them
to great inconvenience. Justice Lawrence
It is stated, has an office close to the
< ounty building and entirely outside of
his township, where he performs as many
marriages and does as much business as
can be steered his way. One of the con
stables of Brooklyn Township, C. S. Wel
don has his office on Washington street
in the heart of Oakland, and it is claimed
that much of the business that should be
done by the constables of Oakland Town
ship is done by the Brooklyn constable
Many other petty charges are being
nung from one camp to the other, and it
is very evident that justice Is for the time
being completely subordinated to politics
t J le amenity that is supposed to
Y^tA, het *'*™ Professional men and office
holders has long since vanished, if indeed
VraUon Xi3U ' a dUrlng the preSent a^"
BERKELEY WOMEN
WERE OVERLOOKED
SAY THEY FIRST SUGGESTED
THE HOSPITAL SHIP.
Members of the Red Cross Say
That They Have Been
Slighted.
BERKELEY, June 7.-When the ladies i
of the Berkeley branch of the Red Cross
met this morning there was but one topic \
of discussion. Without wishing it to be
made public, they have prided themselves
M far upon being the first to suggest the ■
Idea of the hospital ship, and when this
mornings papers spoke of the subject in
a way which implied that the honor be- i
longed to Oakland they felt that their !
interest and activity in the undertaking ;
had been overlooked.
At an informal conference of the more ■
prominent members cailed to consider the !
question it was decided that the facts of i
the case should be given to the press in
order that the position of the Berkeley i
Society might be understood.
Mrs. Mary S. Haight, one of the pro- !
moters of the Red Cross movement in i
Berkeley, said to a Call representative j
after the meeting was over:
"It occasioned us no little surprise, I as- I
sure you, to read in this morning's paper
that the name of the Oakland branch of
the Red Cross Society should be credited
with so much In connection with this idea
of the hospital ship. Ihe Berkeley branch
was the first local organization of the
kind started upon the coast, and it was j
the first to promote the plan of a hospital
Bhlp. We have never tried to make this |
public before, but It seems only right and i
just that our place should be recognized. \
"The idea of the hospital ship originated
•with Mrs. Colonel C. R. Greenleaf, presi- ,
dent of our local society. She spoke of
the matter to us over a month ago. The
flret public announcement of any such
plan was made by Professor Thomas R.
Bacon of the university, who spoke of it |
at a meeting of the State Red Cross So
ciety in San Francisco. He did so as a
representative of our local branch. At
the first meeting of the State board our
delegate from Berkeley was instructed to
pledge $500 as the amount we would con
tribute, and that was over two weeks
ago. We have already succeeded in rais
ing nearly $700. So that both In being the
first to suggest the plan and the largest
contributor of any one local branch so
far we certainly stand In a position
which ought not properly to be over- |
looked, and we hope henceforth that that :
position will be accorded to us."
Mrs. C. R. Greenleaf, whose husband.
Colonel Greenleaf, is now with the United
States troops at Tampa, also expressed
surprise at the prominence accorded the
Oakland branch In the matter which she
was the first to suggest.
"The hospital ship," she said, "was
something which originated with us. We
have not tried to make this public at all,
but the honor is ours. For Its size and
numbers our society has really done very
well, but we have tried to keep it as quiet
as possible."
Several other ladles were unanimous In
regretting that their own society seemed
to have been overlooked In an honor
which belonged peculiarly to them, but
hoped that the mistake could be cor
rected.
DIPLOMAS FOR BLIND PUPILS.
Interesting Exercises at the Institu
tion for the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind.
BERKELEY, June 7.— Twelve pupils of
the State Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind have finished their course of
study and to-day received the diplomas
which the Institution awards to Us grad
uates. The commencement exercises were
held this afternoon in the Assembly Hall
and consisted principally of an exhibition
of what the pupils themselves had
learned, together with an explanation of
tfce method used In teaching them. Prin
cipal Wilkinson outlined very carefully
to the visitors the way in which the
:ourse of instruction was carried on, and
illustrated It by several examples of class
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
room work. The address to the graduates,
delivered by Rev. Theodore C. Williams
of Oakland, was Interpreted by Principal
Wilkinson to the deaf and dumb pupils
in sign language.
The programme consisted of the follow
ing: Chorus from "Ernani." "O Hail Us.
Ye Free" (Verdi); Lord's Prayer, repeated
by Mabel Lubby (deaf): piano solo, "Ma
zurka" (Meyer-Helmund). Miss Lily
Smlth; class exercises by juvenile deaf
and blind: barytone solo. 'The Bedouin
Love Song" (Pinsuti), William Brooks;
speech and signs; organ solo. "Echo " (De
la Tombeile), Ebrn Gay; slate exercises
by senior de&f; piano solo, "Minuet" (Mo
zart). Miss Lena Erickson; essay, •'ls
Woman Degenerating?" Miss Millie Ox
ton; soprano solo, waltz song. "Delight"
(Luckstone). Miss Guasie Mast; organ
solo. "Grand Offertory in A" (Batiste).
Miss Lily Smith; address to graduates.
Rev. Theodore C. W r illiams; presentation
of diplomas; chorus. "The Village Choris
ter" (Moscheles); benediction.
The names of those who received diplo
mas are: Gustav Adolph Anderson, Lu
cian Peter Bacigralupi. Vvnimm Jonathan
Brooks. Ella Pearl Clark, Jay David Cole.
Grace Hanchett, Edwin Philip Hartmaii,
Anthony Baptiste Munch. Millie Oxton.
Rasmine Christine Peterson. Henry Chris
topher Sievers. Johanna Elizabeth Smith.
TEACHERS ARE ELECTED.
The Board of Education Makes Its
Annual Appointments.
BERKELEY, June 7.— The Board of Edu
cation met last night and elected teachers
for the coming year as follows:
Alston way School— Miss Rose M. Dob
bins, Miss H. W. Curtis and Mrs. I. E.
Hubbard.
Rose street— Misa Edith Sprague and
Mrs. c. G. Potwin.
Bancroft way— Miss Selina Burston, Mrs.
C. T. Elliott, Mlas A. Woodall and Miss
M. E. Bergen.
■Whittier— Miss J. H. Lanbard, Mrs. N.
M. Norman, Miss Lida Coddington, C. E.
Hutton, Miss May Sampson and Miss
Amy E. Cotrel.
Kellogg— Miss H. W. Curtis.
Dwight way— Miss L. L. Shaw, Miss F.
R. Hanley. Mrs. C. M. Partridge, Miss
May Huddart, Miss E. I. Hubbard, Miss
Alma Alkin, Miss Lydia Attersbury, Miss
E. W. Smith, Miss J. Barrows and W. H.
de Bell.
Le Conte— Miss A. F. Keefer, Mlbs E.
Ellerhorst, Miss Sarah Fox, Miss L. J.
Wordworth, Miss R. M. Gompertz, Miss
L. M. Hall, Miss S. T. French.
Lorin— M. J. Congdon, Miss A. Hopkins,
Miss Blanche Morse, Miss M. E. Cameron,
Miss Olive Harper, Miss R. Fox, Miss D.
E. Ellerhorst.
Columbus— Mrs. S. M. McClure, Miss M.
C. McCleave, Miss M. Higgins, M. E.
Dean, Mrs. K. J. Sterling.
San Pablo avenue — Miss L. J. Shaw,
Mlsb M. E. Wilson, J. W. Warnick, Miss
L. B. McKee, Mrs. E. L. Wilkes. Miss L.
J. Hamlin.
High School— L. D. Waterman, A. W.
Stamper, Miss F. W. McLain, Miss F.
Bartllng, Miss M. L. Brehn, E. B. Le
mare, M. C. James. D. R. Wood, Miss A.
C. Edmonds, Miss M. L,. Glayes, Miss Eva
V. Carlin and Karl Heinrich.
In addition to the above Arthur M.
Eiston was elected teacher of mathe
matics for the ninth grade and Miss E.
Riggs substitute. Superintendent Perham
was unanimously re-elected.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 7. — Mrs. Lettlca
Granger died early this morning at her
home on Henry street. North Berkeley.
The funeral will be held Thursday after
noon.
George Lauer of West Berkeley was ar
rested this morning on a charge of bat
tery preferred by Mrs. John Miller. Mrs.
Miller claims that she was collecting a
bill for furniture at Lautr's residence
when she was ejected with violence.
At a meeting of the Berkeley Pardee
Club, In Golden Sheaf Hall, last night an
executive committee was chosen as fol
lows; J. M. Oliver, H. C. Wyckoff, How
ard G. Wright, John McCarthy. J. L.
Scotchler, W. K. Weir, Hugh Forgie,
Thomas Dowd, George H. Philips and
James Kenney.
Roger Sprague. H. K. Palmer and R. T.
Crawford, three students in th« Univer
sity of California, are working in the ob
servatory to determine the longitude of
Berkeley. They will pursue their calcu
lations in conjunction with Miss M. A.
Hope and Frederick Scares, who are
working in the observatory of the Pacific
Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Sanitary Inspector Thompson sustained
severe injuries in an accident last night.
While driving up Adeline street his buggy
ran foul of a flat car standing on a cross
ing. He was thrown from his buggy by
the collision, the horse running away.
:1 m «
THE CITY TRUSTEES.
Railroad Crossing Franchise Wanted
on Webster Street — Garbage
Crematory Matter.
ALAMEDA, June 7.— At the meeting of
the Board of City Trustees last night an
application was presented for a franchise
from the South Pacific Coast Railroad to
put a crossing over Webster street, near
the estuary bridge. An ordinance to that
effect was Introduced and was referred to
the City Attorney to be acted upon at the
next meeting.
The Pacific Improvement Company sent
a communication to the board offering to
donate a strip of land of sufficient width
to widen Webster street to eighty feet,
on condition that when the street shall be
improved that company shull only be re
quired to pay its just and legal share of
the cost of such Improvement.
Attorney Dodge of Oakland addressed
the board upon the subject of the pro
posed garbage crematory, taking strong
ground against it. After he had spoken
some time he was informed that the mat
ter was not before the board at present
for consideration, whereupon he thanked
the Trustees for their attention and with
drew.
A protest was made against the Pound
master staking his horses out to graze
upon the unimproved public streets, while
threatening to impound the horses of any
other person who dared to do tne same
thing. The Chief of Police was notified to
see that the law was enforced.
High School Graduates.
ALAMEDA. June 7.— The public schools
of this city will close for the term this
week, and a vacation will be taken until
August 1. The graduating class of the
High School numbers twenty pupils, as
follows: Viola Sylvia Burgner, Florence
Hamilton Young, Susan Edson, Kate
Brown Foster, Hallie Morse Daggett
Esther Sophia Lee, Edna Grace Fowler,
May Alisa Spencer, Abbie Marshall
Sykes, Lilian Knowles, Gertrude Lane,
Lela Eustler Hubbard, Sarah Josephine
Lee, Grace Whitney Penfleld, William
Edwin Horrlsberger, John Freeman Bo
vard, Russell Bunce Fleid, Norris Lincoln
Stark, Reuben Gay Hunt and James Kiah
Hamilton Jr.
Brigham Young's Funeral.
ALAMEDA, June 7.— The funeral of the
late Brigham H. Young took place from
his late residence on Schiller street this
afternoon. There was a large assem
blage of friends of the deceased. The
services were conducted by E. H. Nye of
the California branch or the Mormon
church. A number of elders of the church
were also present and assisted in the
ceremonies, which were after the Mormon
ritual. Interment was la Mountain View
Cemetery.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 7.— At the meeting of
the Board of Trustees last evening
bids for 1000 tons of coal were opened.
One bid was for $6 25 a ton and the other
for $6 2*. and the contract was awarded to
the lowest by one cent.
Alfred Orton and Osman Llndon were
badly bruised by the fulling of a scaffold
this afternoon on which they were paint-
Ing.
The Red Croßß Society Issues another
appeal for aid in the way of maferlal and
help In making bandages for the soldiers.
A. large quantity is still required.
The funeral of Mrs. James de Camp
King, widow of the late Samuel King, will
take place to-morrow afternoon from 2159
Pacific avenue.
The ladles of the Red Cross Society
warn the public that unauthorized persons j
are collecting money ostensibly for that
organization. No one can collect money
in this city for that purpose without a
written authorization over the signature i
of Mrs. George H. Mastick, president of I
the local society.
The examination of Mr. and Mrs. Greg
ory on the charge of murdering H. W.
Williams will come up to-morrow after
noon before Justice Morris.
Thomas Toohey was tried before a jury
In Recorder St. Sure's court to-day on a
charge of vagrancy. Toohey acted as his
own lawyer and was convicted and sen
tenced to serve twenty days In the County-
Jail. «
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
MYSTERY OF
A THRASHING
John Flemming Held Up
by Masked Men.
SAYS IT WAS EXPECTED.
WITNESSES TO THE AFFAIR DO
NOT UNDERSTAND.
The Victim Was Not Anxious to
Have the Alleged Robbers Aj
rested and Was Not
Robbed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
90S Broadway, June 7.
John Flemming, who resides at 40'
Ninth street, had an experience this
morning that contains many elements ol
mystery. About ten minutes after mid
night he was talking at the door of the
Seaman residence to Mrs. Seaman and hex
daughter. As he was bidding them good
night or good-morning he was admon
ished by the young ladies to be careful
not to be held up by footpads. H«
laughingly replied that he did not care, but
had not gone a block before he was con
fronted by two fellows with masks.
Flemming struggled with the smaller
one and yelled lustily, while both men
showered blows upon his head with theii
fists. The Seamans heard his shouting,
and putting their heads out of their win
dows yelled also. Two men who were ap
proaching the corner of Ninth and Web
ster streets heard the shouts and saw the
scuffling, and at once ran to the relief of
Flemming. As soon as they approached
the masked men ran in one direction and
Flemming, who had held on to the hat ol
one of them, ran another way.
The strangers, who undoubtedly by
their coming on the scene saved Flem
ming from more brutal treatment, were
Martin D. Bullion and Horace Black.
They stopped Flemming and told him
that if h« would run for an officer they
would keep the footpads in sight. To
their great surprise Flemming told them
he was not anxious to have the men ar
rested, but preferred to go home without
any fuss. As Flemming was wearing
some jewelry, including diamonds, which
could have been snatched from him in
less time than it took to thrash him. it
was apparent that robbery was not the
motive, although Flemmlng affects to be
lieve that it was. He told Black and Bul
lion that he had been expecting these so
called footpads for several nights, and
conveyed the impression that it was not
altogether a surprise.
To a detective who visited his home this
morning the young man said that he was
held up by two robbers, one of whom
thrashed him, while the other attempted
to stuff something down his throat. Flem
ming said that when the strangers ap
proached they did not hurry, because they
thought, and so told him, that it was
merely a friendly scuffle. Bullion denies
this, and says they ran as fast as possi
ble to Flemming's relief, and were very
much surprised that he did not wish
them to follow up the alleged robbers.
The police investigated the story to-day
and nave come to the conclusion that
there is some other motive than robbery
for the assault made upon Mr. Flemming.
T. C. Williams Will Not Remain.
OAKLAND. June 7.— The Rev. Theodore
C. Williams, who came here six months
ago in the place of Rev. C. W. Wendte,
pastor of the Unitarian church, has noti
fied that organization that he will refuse
to accept a longer term. He only con
sented to stay six months when he came
here from New York city. His health was
poor and he .doubted the effect of this cli
mate and his fears have proven correct,
for he is not able to keep up his work.
The members of the church were well
pleased with his pastorate and had hoped
to retain him. The pulpit committee is
now considering his successor.
Showed Phoenix No Leniency.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Willis Phoenix,
the mulatto convicted Saturday of burg
lary in tapping a Southern Pacific till at
the foot of Broadway, was sentenced to
five years at Folsom Prison by Judge Og
den to-day. To the jury's recommenda
tion for leniency the Judge remarked:
"Why the jury made such a recommenda
tion I can't see. There was nothing in
the testimony to Indicate that the de
fendant was guiltless. He had been con
victed of previous burglaries, showing
that he is a dangerous man."
Tallied to a Cent.
OAKLAND, June 7.— At the request of
County Clerk Jordan the funds in his
possession were counted to-day by Chair
man Talcott and Supervisors Church and
Mitchell. The various accounts showed
that the Clerk should have $4703 46 in the
treasury, and the money in the safe ex
actly balanced the amount. On June 7 of
last year the amount in the County
Clerk's safe was $4359 26. This money is
partly taken in as fees, and partly held In
the interest of estates in probate.
Two Husbands Granted Divorces.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Judge Ogden to
day severed the conjugal relations exist
ing between Joseph N. Railton and Fan
nie M. Railton on the ground of w;lllful
desertion. The husband was the plaintiff.
The application of Hans Lanbeck for a
divorce from his wife Annie was also
granted. The plaintiff was given the cus
tody of the minor child and three-fourths
of the growing crop on 300 acres in Wash
ington Township.
Combination of Milk Men.
OAKLAND, June 7. — The Central
Creamery has been incorporated to carry
on a general milk business. The Talcott,
the Carr, the California and the Medau
dairies have consolidated in this corpora
tion. The idea is to reduce expenses in
men, wagons and teams. Several of the
larger dairies have not gone and will not
go into the combination.
Prosecutors Paid the Fine.
OAKLAND, June 7.— Antonla Fraquerla
was found guilty of disturbing the peace
at the "Holy Ghost" celebration in East
Oakland Saturday night and of drunken
ness in the Police Court to-day and fined
$26. The fine was paid by A. O. Perry, an
officer of the associaton who had testified
against the accused.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. June 7.— The trial of the
Oakland water front suit was to-day con
tinued till August 2, owing to the death
of J. C. Martin of the defense and the en
gagement of A. A. Moore in the Elliott
damage suit.
Samuel. George and Jerry Mullen, ar
rested in Los Angeles and wanted here for
robbery, may be indicted by the Grand
Jury, owing to the failure of those inter
ested in swearing to a complaint.
Noble Davis and Fred Krantz, charged
with robbery, were released to-day in the
Police Court. Krantz came from Los An
geles with the Seventh Regiment, but did
not enlist, and is an ex-convict.
George D. Drew, arrested on complaint
of C. A. Dean for disturbing the peace ot
Mrs. Belle Drew, was discharged In the
Police Court to-day because Dean refused
to prosecute.
Native Sons' Election.
ALAMEDA. June 7.— Alameda Parlor
No. 47, N. S. G. W., has elected the fol
lowing officers: Past president. C. N.
Bolte; president, E. J. Probst; first vice
president. P. H. Smith; second vice-presl
flent, H. S. Orr; third vice-president, W
C. Coughlin; marshal, Frank J. Philips;
recording secretary, L. H. Transue; finan
cial secretary. Max Gundlach; treasurer
0. A. Bremer: trustee, E. R. Wilson; in
ilde sentinel, H. yon Tagen; outside sen
tinel. H. Bolte.
Bebekah Degree Election.
ALAMEDA, June 7.— Fair Oaks Re
jekah Lodge No. 4 has elected the follow
ng officers: Noble grand, Mrs. J. H.
Firehammer; vice-grand, Mrs. O. c'
3waln: recording secretary, Mrs. E. a!
Randlett; financial secretary, Mrs. J. R
Bigler; treasurer, Miss Manicar; trustees,
Mrs. Peter Christensen and Mrs. Fred
Mandler.
Moving Passion Play Pictures.
Commencing to-morrow afternoon, and]
continuing every evening and afternoon
thereafter for a limited period, will be
given a revival of the great "Passion
Play" pictures, which created Quite a stir
when they were shown at the Baldwin
Theater a few weeks since. The manage
ment of the Baldwin has had so man>
requests of late asking for a revival of
the play that arrangements have been
completed, and the play dealing with the
birth, life and death of Christ will once
more be shown in all its phases, exactly
as It is given every ten year* in the
mountains of Horitz by the peasants of
Oherammergau. Kach scone is shown
with vividness and perfect realism, and
the accompanying music and lectures add
materially to the effect of the whole.
When the play was last given evening
performances were omitted, and as there
were many who were not able to attend
the afternoon performances the coming
presentations of the play at night will no
doubt be well attended. The play will be
given every afternoon and evening, in
cluding Sunday. Reserved seats for mati
nee or night ;ire 25 cents for adults and
15 cents for children.
New Civil Service Officers.
At the annual election of officers of the
I'nited States Civil Service Association- of
California the following-named were
elected by acclamation: President, E. W.
Maslin; vice-president, T. J. Barry; re
cording secretary, F. W. Lynch; financial
secretary, S. A. Davis; treasurer, G. W.
Cope; sergeant-at-arms, John Critcher;
executive committee— Daniel J. O'Leary,
Ellis A. Holmes, D. J. Ahem, A. Hay and
H. S. Farley.
D. J. O'Leary, the retiring head of the
organization, delivered an address on
civil service reform.
Secretary C. A. Stephens prevailed upon
the organization to contribute the sum
of $10 per month for the benefit of the
Red Cross Society..
Adam Stroh Pleads Guilty.
Adam Stroh, the burglar who, on last
Christmas night, entered the residence of
Charles S. Bier, Geary and Franklin
streets, pleaded guilty to a charge of bur
glary in the first degree before Judge
Borden yesterday. The prisoner waived
time, but, in order that evidence might be
produced to show that the prisoner had a
prior conviction against him, sentence
was postponed until June 18. Stroh's
crime created a sensation at the time ft
was committed, owing to the fact that
Baldwin Gardner was fatally shot while
the burglar was trying to escape.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
1. M. and Minnie B. Kalloch to Leaser Sum
merfield, lot on S line of Post street, 112:6 W of
Buchanan, W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Larkey or MeLarkey, lot on XW corner of
Webster and Filbert streets, N 66. W 87, S 60
E 87; — .
James and Mary Larkey to Michael and Julia
McGuire, lot on W line of Webster street, 80
N of Filbert, N 30 by \V 87; $10.
Rachel Greenwood Gerrard to John M. Man
ning, lot on, S W corner of Pierce and Filbert
streets, W 137:6, S 112:6, E 25. N 80, E 112:6,
N 62:6; $10.
Theresa B. Sheehan to Frank J. McGuire. lot
on NW line of Howard street, 40:11% SW of
Lafayette, SW 25 by SW 90; $10.
Margaret and George R. Munroe to Frank H.
Hodge, lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 643:6
E of Douglass. N 90 by E 22:6; $10.
Grace L.. Reynolds to Edith G., Alice R,,
George L. and Eva L. Reynolds, lot on S line
of Washington street. 137:6 W of Leavenworth.
W 68:9 by S 137:6; also lot on N line of Wash
ington street. 6S W of Powell, W 22:11 by N 68;
also lot on S line of Sacramento street. 154:7 W
of Stelner. W 26 : Mby S 120; also lot on 8 line
of Sacramento street, 1SO:5 W of Steiner, W 22,
S 120, E 20;ij, N 120; also property in outside
county; gift.
Mary I>. Dennlson (wife of E. F.) to Peter
M. Mawk. lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 185
S of California street, S 50 by W 120, Quitclaim
deed; $10.
Peter M. and Helen S. Mawk to Jacob Hey
raan, same; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Emma L. Keller
(wife of Michael J.). lot on NW corner of
Eighteenth avenue and J street, W 57:6 by N
100: $10.
James E. Damon to Amelia S. Damon, lots
SO to S3, San Miguel Homestead Association;
gift.
Patrick William Riordan (and aa Roman
Catholic Archbishop) to Henry and Mary J.
Hlr*t. lot on SW !!ne of Cotter street, 526 NW
of Mission, XW 2G by SW 100, block 5, Academy
Tract; $360.
Alameda County.
E. P. and VMU P. Vandercook and C. B.
and Alice G. White to William 11. Taylor, lots
1. 3, C and 7, block 2. East Oakland Heights,
subject to mortgage. East Oakland ; $10.
Beulah Park Campmeetlng Association to
Reuben Wiant, lot 52. block G. Beulah Park
property. East Oakland: $10.
J. C. and Veronica Baseett to John F. Towle
and M. L. Broadwell, lot on W line of West
street, 230:8 S of Forty-third, S 27:9 by W 67:1.
being lot B on "A" Correction Map, portion
Paradise Plat. Oakland Annex; $10.
Peter and Dedanla Casselll to Francisco Cas
eelli, lots 1. 2 and 14. block U. Roberta and
Wolfsklll Tract No. 3, Oakland Annex; $1500.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to James S.
and Agne» Wilton, lot on S line of Alston way,
98 W of Fourth street, W 50 by S 100, being lot
8. block 113, Tract B. Berkeley L. and T. I.
Association, quitclaim <leed; $5.
Emil Mohr (trustee for Edward A. and Annie
Kober) to M. J. Rudolph Mohr, 170 d 181. lot on
E line of Sherman street. 103.63 N of Railroad
avenue, N 33.33 by E 14*. 10, block 33. Fitch and
Sharon Tract, Alameda. trustees' deed; $100.
August Muenter to A. B. Muenter; lot on S
line of Haight avenue. 35".:> W of Second ave
nue, W 250 by S 125.83, Alarneia; grant.
Seymour V. Stedman to Pajaro Valley Bank
(a corporation), all interest In the following:
lot on NE corner of Pacific avenue and St
Charles street, E 10fi:7 by N 125; also lot on N
line of Pacific avenue, 50 W of St. Charles
street, W 94:11 by N 150, Alameda; aUo prop
erty in other counties; — .
Helena Breig to "Peter H. Bretg. lot on S line
of Tenth street. 40 E of Klrkham, E 25:8 by S
100. block 550, Oakland; gift.
Lafayette and Mary P. Brooks to Kate King,
lot on E line of Broadway, 29:9 N of Sixth
street, N 20:3 by E 75. block 65, Oakland; $10.
F. W. Henshav.- (r-xecutrix of estate of Mary
Jane Evoy) to John P. Beckett, all Interest In
lot on S line of Thirty-seventh street, 208.57 E
of Market, E 353.64. S 150.01. W 358.34, N 41.31.
W 25. N 109.14 to beginning. Oakland Annex;
also all Interest In lot on N line of Thirty-sev
enth street, 590.52 E of Market. W 390.82. N
148. E 392.33. S 145.01 to beginning, Oakland An
nex; $48<1O.
Edna F. Beckett to same, same (two pieces),
Oakland Anex; gift.
John P. Beckett to W. V. Harrington, lot on
N line of Thirty-seventh street, 460 E of
Market. E 50 by N 148, lot 6, Map of Beckett'*
Second Addition, Oakland Annex; $10.
Eva Winthrow to Lizzie R. Maynard, lot» 1
and 2, block 7. Daley's Scenic Park Tract.
Berkeley: $10.
Nnroe Powers Jr. to C. M. Walker, lot on S
line of Francisco street, 120 W of Grant, W 35
by P lW:4'i, block 3, University Homestead
Association No. 4, Berkeley; $5.
Julia C. Buird to Clara E. Curtis, lot on N
line of Durant avenue, 860 W of Audubon
street, W 90 by X 13«. 15. block 9, College Home
stead, except that portion taken for opening
Purant avenue, Berkeley; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Wells. Fargo & Co. (owners) with Rufflno &
Bianchl (contractors), architects Percy & Ham
ilton, marble and mosaic tiling in halls, corri
dors and publif parts of building for a 6-story
attic and basement fireproof building on NE
line of Second street, 160 from N corner of Miß-
Bion and Second, NE 112 by SE 160; $6550.
Same with C. C. Morehouse (contractor),
architects same, plastering, etc., for same on
same; $8600.
M. A. Ounst &. Co. (owners), Petterson &
Persson (contractors) with L. & E. Emanuel
(contractors), architects Hermann & Swain,
cabinet work In corner store, including all
marble shelf tops, bases and stair buttresses, j
all glass and mirror work (except mirrors In j
Morton-street front), etc., in a 3-story brick
building on NW corner of Kearny and Morton |
streets, N 40, W 60:5. N 30, W 30, 8 6'), E 90:5;
$3620.
Mrs. Ann Crooks (owner) with Thomas Rid- )
out (contractor), J. J. Crooks, Kuperlntendent. I
all work for alterations and additions to a 2- |
story frame to be changed into 2 flats on N j
line "of Post street, 40 E of Octavia; $1370.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DAWSON CITY
And All Points on the Yukon River.
Ele * B Se™ I hi P "LEELANAW."
Positive Sailing From Howard-street Wharf No. 2
Saturday, June 11, 3 p. m.
First-Class Accommodations. Lowest Bates. Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
LIEBES BUILDING. 139 POST STREET.
FOUR CENTS
FOR A MEAL
Chief Fletcher Does Not
Spoil Prisoners.
A RECORD FOR ECONOMY
BEATS ALL TESTS BECENTLY
MADE BY GOVERNMENT.
Does Not Serve French Dinners, but
Has a Healthy Lot of In
mates in the
Prison.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
_,,, Broadway, June 7.
Chief of Police Fletcher claims to have
broken the record In the economical feed
ing of prisoners. His report filed last
night shows that during the past month
he has supplied two square meal^ a day
to his prisoners at an average price of
4 cents a meal.
This low flgura is said to b« smaller
than the average price for feeding pris
oners in any other jail in the United
State*. For feeding all his prisoners dur
ing the month of May the Chief only ex
pended $99 80.
Everybody employed at the City Hall
has an Interest In the feeding of the pris
oners. Cnly a few weeks ago a special
resolution was passed by the Board of
Public "Works, authorizing Chief Fletcher
not to permit cabbages or onions to be
cooked in the prison in the basement on
Tuesdays or Wednesdays, because on
those days the board holds it 3 regular
session. The board did not show any
consideration for the feelings of the City
Council, which meets every Monday night,
and hence the bill of fare on Monday
always includes cabbages and onions.
"Some time ago," said the Chief to-day,
"I was considerably interested in some
Government experiments tending to
prove that an average person could live
very well on 18 cents a day. My experi
ence in the past month has taught me
that I could serve French dinners at that
price. I hope the people will not think
that we starve prisoners here because we
try not to waste money. Here is the
amount of material consumed In one
week: May 1, mutton, 45 pounds; bread,
35 pounds. May 2, fresh beef, 45 pounds;
bread, 35 pounds. May 3, corned beef, 40
pounds; bread, 30 pounds. May 4, fresh
beef, 40 pounds; bread, 30 pounds. May
5, beef, 40 pounds, bread. 35 pounds. May
6, beef, 45 pounds; bread, 35 pounds. May
7, corned beef, 40 pounds; bread, 30
pounds. /
"In addition to these amounts, wo fur
nished the prisoners with bean soup, cof
fee, once a day, use a large amount of
cabbage and onions and give the boys
rice or bean soup every day except Mon
days and Fridays. As bean soup sends a
nice flavor in the air we cook it on the
days when the Police Commission meets.
"We serve our guests two meals a day,
at 8 a. in. and 4 p. m., and so far as I
can learn they are as well satisfied as in
any prison in the State."
STOLE TWO FUR CAPES.
Fred Vendal, Alias Blum, Alleged
Leader of a Gang of Shop
lifters, Arrested.
Fred Vendal, alias Blum, who, the po
lice say, is the leader of a gang of shop
lifters, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of petty larceny,
second offense, which makes It a felony.
He was identliled In the prison yester
day by a clerk In the fur store of Lach
man & Co., 110 Kearny street. A few days
ago, accompanied by a woman, Vendal
visited the store and pretended that he
wanted to purchase a fur cape. He and
the woman looked at several, but none
suited them and they left. After they
had gone it was noticed that two of the
capes had disappeared. The woman is
known as Joe Theron's girl. Theron is
now waiting his trial on a charge of rob-
I bery. The clerk failed to identify the
woman.
Yendal is a Russian and has served
terms for petty larceny. The police say
that he and the woman have worked
other stores in the same way, and other
; charges may yet be preferred against
: them. Vendal was arrested by Detective
! Graham and Policeman J. Moriarlfy.
A New Hebrew School.
The Hebrew Religion School (Talmud
Torah) of the Nevah Zedek Congregation,
on Mission street, haa been opened, with
Rabbi N. Mosessohn, D.D., LL.D., as
principal. Instruction Is given In the He
brew language, history and religion. The
latter two subjects are taught in English.
The tuition hours are: On Sundays, from
9a. m. to 12 m. ; Mondays, Tuesdays,
Wednesdays and Thursdays, from 3:30 p.
m. to 5:30 p. m. Children are accepted
by the principal. Children of parents who
are unable to pay for tuition are admit
ted free. Rabbi Mosessohn addresses the
pupils every Sunday on religious topics.
Rev. Joseph Riordan Will Lecture.
The next course of free- lectures given by
the Young Men's Institute Lecture Bureau
will be delivered under the auspices of
Borromean Council No. 129 at St. Ignatius
College Hall, Friday evening, June 24.
Rev. Joseph W. Riordan, S. J., president
of Santa Clara College, will be the lec
turer, taking for his subject "Evolution."
Tickets of admission may bo had free
upon application at the office of the lec
ture bureau, second floor. Pioneer build-
Ing, 24 Fourth street.
Sutio Real Estate Sold.
The sale of two pieces of property be
longing to the estate of Adolph Sutro was
confirmed by Judge Belcher yesterday.
The property realized $6100. One piece, at
the corner of California street and Second
avenue, was sold to Julien Smith, and the
other, at the corner of Holloway and Ar
lington avenues, to Fred W. Stanford.
Mrs. Johnson's Statement.
The widow of Otto Johnson, who shot
and killed himself last Monday night,
6ays that she was not aware that he had
a pistol on his person when he left the
house lust before committing the deed.
She din not know that he had left the
house until after he had been gone some
time.
Bills Ignored.
The United States Grand Jury yester
day ignored the charges against Captain
W. R. Dickinson and StUlman Stover for
cruelty to seamen.
AUCTION SALES.
P. J. BARTH, Auctioneer,
PHONE MINT 1504.
THIS DAY. .
WEDNESDAY ..............June 8. 1898
At 11 O'clock A. M.
. AT 1037 POST ST.. CORNER POLK. -
I wiU sell WITHOUT I LIMIT
, THE WELL KEPT FURNITURE of the
above 15-room residence, comprising elegant
silk screen, .odd pieces parlor upholstery, lace
curtains, lounges, wardrobe, chiffonier, bed-
room suits, spring and top mattresses, bedding,
4 - folding beds, dishes, glassware, carpets <
linoleum, etc., etc. • 
A RARE CHANCE FOR DEALERS.
/^^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JW«JfI*>2SKEABXY*T. Established
jif"7f*^W In 1 834 for the treatment of Private
MiL,*W Diseases, Lest Manhood. Debility or
iMHaHHHk disease wearing onbodyandmindap.d
OnßluflH Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
J^KWjSmj others fall. Try him. Chnreps low.
iulfijlSffiSHcl ('ureaeuarantrrd. i rwritf.
Dr. J. *•. UIBBOK, Box 1957, San Francisco.
OCEAN ' TRAVEL. ; ■
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fev^ Steamers leave ' Broadway
? f^Tt!LM__ wharf, San Francisco.
] V3lW^_ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
WCjJMk June 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, July 5,
' IBLMM ¥Ka transfer at Seattle.
BraßMl For Alaskan ports (from
IDf&BkrgS&Xt&i Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
I'^^^^BK June 5, 26 July 17, August 4,
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
' For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C.), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, • Everett,
Anaoortes and - New Whatoom (Wash.), 10 a.
m., June 5, 10, 15. 20, 86, 80, July 6, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka ' (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13, IS, 84, July 1. and every sixth
day thereafter. ; .'•--.
For Santa ' CrusMb Monterey, San . Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Haßord (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa • Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10, 14. 18, 22. 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, ; Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
! lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17,
| July 2.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar'l h«"rs of Tallin?. :
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street i Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
■ 10 Market st., San Francisco.
Pacific. Coast Steamship Co.
|W*. For SEATTLE
Wlm And TACOMA Direct,
Wgi|K The New, Fast and Elegant
"■^gs&i Steamship
SENATOR,
Carrying Freight and Passengers.
WIU Leave Broadway Wharf. San Francisco
THURSDAY, JUiNE 9. 10 A.M.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents, 10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Prom Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF Sl2 First Class Including Berth
I nil I. $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ....June 5. 14. 23
State of Ca1if0rnia^.........; June 8, 17, 26
Oregon June 11, 20,' 29
St. Paul ....$l6 001 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago 27 BO
Omaha ....: 26 00| New York ........ 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO°. M " ket "^
- -- ■ ■■ Superintendents. "'
salls vla Honolulu and
m -Sf WLjtm A "ckland for Sydney
PflßMgjP The S. S. AN A
BIMJIIL sa;ls via Honolulu and
BgsrHMW Auckland for Sydney
— -«. Wednesday, June 15,
W*^S»SfMniSil!D Line to' COOLGAR-
J^^^CylCfl.llJlllU DIE - Australia, and
JP§*^ (OflißfllZih CAPE TOWN. BoutJQ
cs*?> VVlll{.yit^ Africa.
J. D. SPRECKLES & BROS. CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.'
Kensington : ....June 81 Noordland .....June 15
Berlin ..........June 11 1 Frlesland June iS
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian flag.
Waesland ■ .......June 4|Rhynland June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
6. S. Ohio. 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
B. S. Indiana, 8500 tons, from Seattle. June 23.
8. S. Pennsylvania, 8508 ■ tons, from Seattle,
June 29." "-. -.....-.■ •.; ■.'.;■.-■- :
Connecting with the company's own fleet of
18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, ■ through to Dawson City and
Intermediate points.
• For passage and -.freight apply .to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., 4
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
Compagnls Generate Transatlantique.
■ French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North : i
River, foot of ■ Morton st. Travelers 4jsr"jEFF>
by this line avoid both transit by"*"**
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York -to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first-class, : $160;
I second-class. $116.
1 LA T0URA1N'E. ...... ..........June 11, 10 a. m.
; LA GASCOGNE ..........June IS. 10 a. m.
1 LA BRETAGNE. June 25. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE.;. .......July 2,10 a.m.
.LA TOURAINE .........July 9, 10 a. m. !
• For further particulars apply to .<" '
COMPAGNiE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green. New.- York. -
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., Ban -Francisco.' ■
ANCHOR line
United States Mall Steamships
Sail from New. York every Saturday, for
;^ Glasgow i via Londonderry^
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $00;
other steamers, $50. - - .- ■ - - ■- -■
Second Cabin— Roma. $42 60; Fur. essla. $37 50;
other steamers. $35. . . .: -.
Steerage Passage— Rome. . $25 50; Furnessla,
$24 JO;: other steamers. $23 50. . - - • .
- For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS. General Agents. 7
Bowling Green. i Net .York: or J. 'V-FUQAZI,
5 Montgomery st. : or L. F. COC::ROFT. -ill
Montgomery st.; or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New
Montgomery st.. San Francisco. ■ . - <■.
FOR D. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
; Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., ; Tues  Wed., ■ Thurs. and; 5at..........
9:46 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ...... ;..... .......V.I p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ...... ......10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 3.
.-.. Telephone Red 2241. ■
A TT,BO AP ! TEAVSL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAdT
...; Via Sausalito Ferry. ..
From San Francisco, commencing May -1, 1898. -
WEEK DAY& - - r
For Mill. Valley {and San Rafael— *8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m'; , 1:45. 3:20, . 4:00. "6:18. - t:W,
6:30 p. ;m. - ■; . . : ; .: - ...
Extra » trips - for :-> San . Rafael • on •' Mondays,
Wednesdays, . Saturdays and Sundays .at 11:30
p. m. ■ ••;■■;;• . . ..'.-■ •-.. -.■: , ■■ ■•■■ ■' ■ :',-• -- r
, SUNDA "
For Mill t Valley and Ban Rafael— •B:oo, *9:00.
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. 1:45. *2:80. •4:00.
5:30, 6:45 p.m.
-, 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
6:30 p. m. does not run to - Mill Valley.
- Trains marked -•■ run to ■■ San Quentln.
'«.:',:, THROUGH TRAINS. '-.- -
T:00 a. m. week: days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
■ way stations. ■■:>''..-•■;■ : :^ .- ,: ; - ;• ■". •■ -. ■
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
. 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way.sta'n.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. .
lOVTIIKRN I'AIIIPIC COMPAHT.
(PAOIfIO BVHTBM.)
TrMlnm l«nr« nn«l «*■'•< «ln« *• nrrl»« •*
NAN VKAKVtSVO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) . - - . t ;
mati - From Juke 1. 1898. - ABBIVB
•«:OOa Niles. Ban Jose and Way SUtiona... **•***■
7 :00 a. BenicU, Suisun and Sacramento. . . 1 •'*»»
7:O« a Marysville, OroTilleand Redding m _
. -Woodland ....:.-• I **'
7:00 a Vacarille :ind Rumsey 8 -' lop
7iBoa Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa, _
Caliitogft an.l Santa R05a......... ••'»'
8:00 a Atlantio Kxpoess, Og.len and Kant.. *i*or
•i»«A Niles,- '-Sail .lose. -Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marjr»»ille, Chlco,
Tehama ami .1,!!'
•8:S0a Peters. Milton, 0akda1e............. »7il»P
UiOOa New Orleans K*|W«« Merced, Fres-
no, Bakersiielil. Santa Barbara,
, I.o« Angc-ltH, Deii!i.. , El I'aso. _
New Orleans and Kft5t............ J l4 * P
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations .' «»
•l:OOp Sfccraiiimitn Kiver Steamers .!;..;■
.......San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... Jt»«l3A
. UiOOp LiTermore, Mondota, Hanford and
Visalia... :... -• •• * llar
LiTormore, San Jose, Niles »nd Way n _
Btationß MS'lSt
Fresno, Yosemite, Merced, Martinez 12:15p \
4:O«i- Martinez. San Ilanion. , Vallejo.
Napa, Onllstoga, Xl Verano and
_i - Kantaltma •••• •« *
4>Ooi- Benlcia, Vacafllle,- Woo«lland,
KitielitsUudlug.MaryBTiUe.Oro- •
Tille ami HacrHiiiento . '2.™*
4:3OpNlie«. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. -:«»<■
4:30p Stockton, I.odi, - Oakdale (James- a
■ . ' town for Yosemitn), Merced....... l»»i»r
4:30p LatUrop, Modesto. Merced. lierend* .:
' (Raymond for Yoseraite), Fresno,
. Mojave, Sauta liarbara aud Los _
An elea. 7i4»A
4i*or Santa Fe Itoute. Atlantio Kipress
;.-■.<«- for MojaTe and ICaat.. ?'1? p
6:00p Knrupeau Mail, ()g<lon and Kant.... 9:43*
*6:00f Vallejo It«l3p
6:0« - lluynardii. Nileiiaii<l San Jose 7:45 a
i }7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions.! Jt:4SP
8:00 p Oregon Kxpr«u,SacrKineuto, Marys- ;
Tille. Kmltling. Portlainl, I'uget
-B<miihl an.l East ;....- ■ - S:l3a
' SAN JiEAMMCO ANO lIA\WAitl>S 1,0('A1..
- . (Foot of Market Street*)
-' 1 Melro«, Seminar/ Park, (
io'SSa S«n Leandro, south si. ;•;«*
MSt»OM Loren*o, Cherry • jl:43p
48: OOP * n<l M ' * J«i4Sp
S:OOp Hajtrards. 15:48p
7>«Or i Runs through to Nile*. 7i4Sp
) t From Nllea. ! I
' _ COAST lUVISIOX (Narroiv (iauge). ~
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Ezcurxion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations :«:05p
8: 1 9 A Newark, CenterTllle, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
* Stations »:30p
! •»il Op Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Falton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •1»:3«a
4:15p San June, Qlenwood k Way Stations »:*Oa.
q4MSp Boulder Creek and Santa Oruz jW:2Ha
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SAN mSCISCO— root of Mirkit Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1:03 *2:00 t3:00
' •i:00 $6:00 ♦6:00 p.m.
FnunOUUHD— foot or Bro»dw»j.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
■ 1 13:00 »1:00 t2:00 "3:03 tl:OQ *5:00lM«.
COAST DIVISION (Hroad Usage).
•- (Third and Townsend St«.)
•7:OOa Ban .lofe hikl Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:30p
. }7:30 a Sunday Bicursion for Ban Jose,
, Santa Cruz, Pxclflo GroTe and
Principal Way BUtions JB:B3f
- 9iooa Man .Tone. Trea I'iiuw. .Santa Crux,
Pacific OroTo, Paso Uutiioa, San
' T.uis OliisiNi. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4ilOp
fO(4OA San .lose ami Way Stations «8:0Oa
I1i»Oa San Jose an.l Way Stations ....... •Bi33a
•8:43 r San Maten, Redwood, Henlo Park,
- Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
' GroTe MOiSe*
•S:SAr San Jose and Way SUtions.. M»:<iO a
•4slsf Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:45 a
•5:«»p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::l3a'
S:3Oi- San Jose an.) Principal Way SUtioui . 3:30p
«:3«p San Jose and Way Statiou* v 7:30p
t11»45i- San Jose and Way Stations 7:80*
~~ A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Sundays only. 1 Saturdays oviy
i Sundayi and Mondays. a Saturdays and Bo.no.ays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; i3:S$.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
• and 11:30 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. S:M.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ...-■•■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 11:45.
8:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:63 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. Wfcjjuiwiri
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10. a, m.; 1:40. *:10l
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between ■ San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
I same schedule as above. :•.■.'■
Leave . Arrivs
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
j : — April 23, •
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. _ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am ~ ' Novato, 10:10 am | 8:40 ani
S: 3O pro 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm|lo:2s am
' 6:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pra
. . . " "' Fulton.
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
- Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:30 pm 8;00 am Cloverdale, | 7:35 pm[ <:>2pra
~7:3oam|' : j Hopland and I 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am Ukiah, | 7:85 pm 6:22 pna
7:30 am " '-- 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemevllle. [ 7:35 pm '
8:30 pm| ' [ «:«pna
T:s6am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
s:lo pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm « pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 110:40 amjl6:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:oopm| I 7:35 pm| «:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
gerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs-
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's River-
side. Llerley's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullvllle, Booneville, Git's Hot - Springs, Men*
docino City, Fort Bragg, Wentport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . '• • .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office?. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
. Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cart)
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars •;
|. Run on the Following Time 1 
Leave Ban Francisco. 4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.hk
Arrive Denver.... ....6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.TI
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W;
Arrive St. Louis. 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arrive Chicag0.. .....8:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W
HARVEY'S DIN ING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals nt Very Reason*
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
It You Travel on the Santa Fa
I«l FRANCISCO TICKET ; OFFICE— I 44 MARKET SI "
Chronicle Building. . Telephone Main 1580. '.
j Oakland Ofaoe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Streat.
Sin Joss Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898. trains will run as follows:
South-bound, : j ■; . North-bound. }
Passen- 1 Mixed I - Mixed I Passen- ■
. ger : ( Sunday I Sta- : Sunday . gar ;
Daily. lExcpt'd] tons. Exc'pt'd Dally. v ;
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced ' 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
I 11:33 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pra
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:13 a m
12:05 p m 7:50 p m Visalia 6:40 a m 12:55 pnx
- Stopping ' at intermediate ; points as ■ required.
■ Connections — Stockton with steamboats >of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving Sarr Francisco and Stockton at 8
p. m. dally; . at Merced -- with ; stages : ; to s and
' from Snellings. Coulterville. - Yosemlts. etc.;
also. with stage from Hornltos, Martposa, etc. ;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
"'■, (Via ! Sausalito Ferry.) - '
. Leave -- San Francisco, commencing May i
1898: ■:- -■■.■■ :.-■ : •■ ■ .v-.~. .■ ■• , :>...,';^:i
Week Days— a. m., 1:48 and 6:15 p.' m.
"Sundays— 8:00. 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and
, 2:30 p. m. ■ •". .;,—'- ■ ■". '■■'-■ .'; ■'- -
' Round trip 1 from Mill Valley, |L . .
YHOS. COOK ft SOX, Agents, til HareM
street, • San Francisco.
1112
RED CROSS'
UNTIRING
WORKERS
Some Who Labor for
the Cause.
LADIES MAKE SACRIFICES
THE FUND NOW NEARING THE
$50,000 MARK.
Preparing to Give lowa's Represen
tatives a Grand Reception.
Other Interesting
Notes.
Mrs. I. Lowenberg, chairman of
the Hospitality Committee of the
local Red Cross Society, announces
that the committee -will now be lo
cated at the Tiburon ferry depot,
and that owing to the limited quar
ters for the troops admission will
be secured only by ticket.
Mrs. Lowenberg also appeals for,
lunches for the 500 to iKX) soldiers to
arrive to-morrow and the 800 ex
pected on Friday.
Mention has been frequently made in
The Call of the grand work that has been
In progress during the past few months
under the auspices of the Red Cross So
ciety and also of the sacrifices that have
been made in behalf of the boys in blue
by the ladies who compose the well
known organization; but The Call now
takes pleasure in presenting the names of
some of the active members of the soci
ety, who have devoted their time exclu
sively to the noble work.
There are many thousands of both sexes
In this city and State who have done their
share in assisting the society to carry out
its mission of mercy, and due credit has
been given of their efforts in The Call.
in presenting the list, many names are
lacking, but it is due to the fact that hun
dreds have in a quiet and unostentatious
way aided the various committees in car
rying out their work, and their names are
unknown.
Following is a list of officers and com
mittees of the local society:
President, Mrs. John F. Merrill; first vice
president, Mrs. Louis Sloss; second vtce-presl
cent, Mrs. W. R. Smeilberg- secretary, Mrs.
W. R. Eckert; eorresijonding secretary, Mrs.
J. A. de Greayer; assistant secretary, Mrs. J.
K. Stevenot; treasurer, William Alvord; as
sistant treasurer, W. B. Harrington; bank of
deposit. Bank of California.
Committees: Finance— Mrs. W. P. Morgan
(chairman), Mrs. F. O. Sanborn (vice-chair
man), Mrs. G. H. Buckingham. Miss Alice
Owen. Mrs. W. P. Bbaw, Mies Agnes Center.
.^ul^cription committee — Mrs. Louis Sloss
(Chairman), Mrs. M. H. Hecht, Miss Carrie
Gwin, Miss Ethel Beaver, Mrs. Andrew Car
rigan.
Nursing committee— Mrs. Wendell Easton
(chairman), Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Mrs. Ar
thur Cornwall, Mrs. Samuel Knight. Mrs. J.
W. McClung, Mrs. Fannie I>nt, Mrs Ken
drlck. Mrs. George E. Bates, Mrs. Florence
Moore. Mrs. Woodworth, Mrs. Withered.
Hospital— Mis. W. B. Harrington, chairman.
Purchasing committee— Mrs. W. R. Smed
berg. chairman; Dr. G. F. Hanson.
Badges <pln and arm)— Mrs. L. 1,. Dunbar,
chairman; Mrs. L. M. LUlenthal.
Badges (identification)— Mrs. Martinez, chair
man; Mrs. Robert Oxnard.
Printing— John F. Merrill, chairman; Frank
J. SjmniPf, William S. McClure.
Entertainment— Mrs. Edna Snell Poulson,
chairman; Mrs. Horace Wilson, Mrs. John R.
Loosely, Mrs. Martinez, Miss Kate Bejiver.
By-Laws— A. Mack, chairman; John F. Mer
rill, Samuel Knight, Frank J. Symmes.
Donations— Mrs. Horace Hill, chairman; Mrs.
A. Mack, Mrs. Theodure .Smith, Mrs. Frank J.
Symmes, Mrs. William Frank, Mrs. A. S Hal
lldle.
Hospitality— Mrs. I. Lowenberg, chairman;
Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mrs. C- R. Winslow, Miss
Susie McEwen.
Press— Miss Bryce, chairman; Miss Anna
Bryce Beaver.
Information— Mrs. H. Gibbons, chairman, 16
Post street: Mrs. A. P. Redding; Colonel W. R
Parnell, Mrs. Folsom, Mrs. E. R. Dimond.
Schools— Miss Alice Stlnsen, chairman; Miss
Elizabeth Blamhard, Mrs. Norman McLaren,
Miss Ida Kervan.
Clubs— Miss Anna Beaver, chairman; Mrs. G.
H. Buckingham, Mrs. A. S. Hubbard, Mrs. I.
Loweriberg. Mrs. F. G. Sanborn.
Auditinß— John F. Merrill, chairman; Colonel
W. R. Parnell, Mrs J. O. Clark.
Store*- Mrs. Frank J. Symmes.
Literature— Mlf.« Smith.
Library— Miss Berry, chairman; Miss Kath
erine Glass.
Ambulance— Miss Betty Ashe, chairman; Mr».
E. R. Dimond, Miss Carrie Gwln. Miss Susie
McEwen, Miss Qrlfflth.
Hospital visiting— Mrs. Frank Powers, French
Hospital, Seventh Regiment, Minnesota and
Kansas.
Miss Wallls, Fontana Hospital; Miss Leszyn
eky, Post Hospital, Sixth Regiment, California.
Mrs. Frank Benn. Thirteenth Texas regu
lars.
Mrs. Wilshtre, Colorado and Idaho.
Mrs. W. M. Plereon, Montana and Nebraska.
Mrs. S. B. McLenegan, North and South Da
kota.
Mrs. A. W. Scott. Utah.
The following ladies are busily engaged
at 16 Post street:
Manager— Mrs. Theo. E. Smith.
Recording secretary— Mrs. E. K. Stevenot.
ihalrman; Miss Margaret Stevenot. assistant.
Receivers — Mrs. K. L. C. Barnes, chairman;
Mrs. J. H. Henderson, assistant.
Requisitions— Mrs. Frank Symmes, chairman
Complaints— Mrs. H. Gibbons, Mrs. Theo. E.
Smith.
Groceries— Mrs. Adolf Mack, chairman; Mrs
W. Frank, assistant.
Information bureau— Mrs. Dr. Gibbons, chair
man.
Committee on position of troops— Miss Elea
nor Wood, chairman; Miss Julia Mott. assist
ant.
Committee dally donations for press— Mrs
Milton D. Garratt, chairman; Mrs. W. E
Stuart, assistant.
Committee on materials— Mrs. J 'Elder
chairman; Mrs. H. C Watson, assistant.
Committee on bandages and pins— Miss
Stadrnuller, Miss May Taylor, Miss Emma
Hunt.
Hospital supplies, surgical— Mm. E V Rid
dell. chairman- Mrs. R. S. La Mott. assistant.
Literature — Mies Leontine F. Smith, chair
man; Mrs. A. Johnson, assistant.
Materials and garments manufactured— Mrs
T. R. Horton, chairman; Mrs. H. S. Rhine
stein, assistant: Mrs: 1 H. I,e Luca.
Patterns— Mrs. Famsworth, chairman; Mn.
J. S. Grey, assistant.
Caehier*— Mrs. W. P. Shaw, chairman; Mis*
A. Center.
Stamping all completed, garments— Mrs. T
P. Woodward, chairman; Mrs. B. Dreyfus
Miss F. TJrl, Miss I. M. Abrams, Mrs. Hodges,
assistants.
Stamping of all San Francisco packages—
Mies Leontine F. Smith, chairman.
Bookkeeper— Mrs. H. J. Clifford, chairman-
Mrs. W. B. Smith, assistant.
Hospital committee— Mrs. Harrington, chair
man. Mrs. Frank Powers.
French Hospital— Seventh Regiment, Mlnne
eota, Kansas; Miss Hollls. Fontana Hospital-
Miss Loszynsky, Post Hospital, Sixth Regi
ment; Miss Frank, Pennsylvania Thirteenth
Texas; Mrs. Wilshire, Colorado, Idaho; Mrs.
Plerson, Montana, Nebraska; Mrs. S. B. Mc-
Lenegan; North and South Dakota; Mrs Scott
Utah.
Faithful workers— Mrs. H. Hill. Miss Davis
Miss A. Grey. Mrs. Blade, Mrs. R. H. Stfrllng
Miss E. Hamilton, Miss M. Wende, Mrs.
Munch. Mips Pierce. Miss Macnmber. Miss
Harnli Wooltey, Mrs. Grace Scott, Mrs X
'/las?. Mrs. L. C. Oraupner, Mrs. J. C. Roads]
Mrs. Henrique, Miss Katherlne Harland. Miss
Blanche Welburn. ftflss A. C. EL Wehnr. Miss
Annie Levy. Miss Haznl Hirschman, Miss Lin
fla Lleves, Miss Ethel Lowe. Miss Ethel Pren
tice Smith, Miss Fannie Martin, Miss New
berg, Mrs. Schmidt. Miss A. Field, Mrs. Adler,
Mrs. Brace, Miss Goldstein. Mrs. Brlggs, Mrs.
Clarkson.
The game to be played between the Thir
teenth Regiment. Minnesota Volunteers,
and the San Francisco Club of the Pacific
Cnast Baseball League to-morrow for the
benefit of the Red Cross Society promises
to be a very exalting and "interesting
event. The players that will compose the
regimental team have played with some
of the best professional leagues in the
country.
The ladies of the Red Cross Society
promise to make this a society event, and
the entertainment committee have post
poned all other entertainments that were
to have taken place this week. Mayor
Phelan will probably toss the first ball to
the pitcher on the occasion in honor of
the visitors.
The Hamilton Grammar School has
been particularly generous to the soldier!
and to the Red Cross. : Besides sending
750 lunches to Fontana Barracks ' thi
school donated $S2 to the fund and alB(
pledged itself to pay $60 a month durinf
the present war. Comfort bags and othe:
useful necessities have been donated b:
them since the work of aiding the sol"
diers began. . !
lowa's pride, the. Fifty-first Regiment
Is expected to arrive to-morrow, and th<
ladies who have gladdened the hearts o
the incoming troops are making exten
sive preparations for their reception. Th<
new hospitality headquarters at the Tib
uron ferry has been decorated with flag:
and bunting, while flowers ii> large quan
tity add further- beauty to the snug din
ing ball. As the troops travel a great dls
tance and will bring good appetites, it is
as..cd of every kind-hearted worker tha
she send some delicacy to the depot to
day, in preparation for their visit. It i!
hoped that the lowa contingent will re
ceive as warm a greeting along the lln<
of march as other regiments have, as the}
were given a grand send-off by their State
and during their travels.
The Cosmopolitans will' aid the Red
Cross by giving 1 an entertainment and bal
on Saturday evening. June 25, in Tun
Verein Hall, 322 Turk street.
Max Abraham. ■ the woll-known cnterei
at 421 Geary street, offers his services
gratis to all parties and entertainments
given In aid of the Red Cross fund.
The successful tea party given by Mrs
Martin realized $1237. 
The ladies of the Red Cross Society de
sire to express their thanks to the follow
ing individuals and firms whose gratui
tous services did much to render the mu
sical and dramatic tea ' given by Mrs,
Eleanor Martin for the benefit of the Sar
Francisco Red CrossSocletv such a socla
and' pecuniary success: General M. P.
Miller, for band; White House and City
of Paris, for dry goods and flags; Mrs
Florence Moore, flags; Miss Warns, deco
rations; Miss Young, Mr. Chart Mrs.
Lockett and Master Lockett, dramatic in
terlude: Miss .V. Berg, Mrs. Bayne and
Mrs. McGovin: flowers, Mrs. Lockett. la
dies of Presidio. San Mateo, Menlo Park.
San Rafael. Ross Valley and Oakland;
and especial thanks are due to Jones &
Podesta; Mr. .McConn. who contributed a
beautiful fan to be raffled for, and the
services of an assistant:. Mrs. Bruce. Mr?.
Tucker, Mrs. Bowne, Mrs. Moody and
other ladles, who gave the hostess valu
able service in variousj»ays.
The following letter re self-explanatory:
Headquarters Thirteenth Infantry. Minnesota
■ Volunteers.
CAMP MBRRITT, SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.,
June 4. I*9S.
President Ladies' Red Cross Society. San
Francisco, Cal. — Dear Madam: We were much
surprised and gratified last evening to receive
from you a package containing- caps for the
officers and also a case of fresh eggs. The
latter have been awarded by lot to two of the
companies, furnishing an ample supply for
breakfast for both. The other articles we shall
take with us, and have no doubt that . the
future will give us ample occasion for appre
ciating your kind forethought. Sincerely yours,
C. W. REEVE, Colonel Commanding.
Residents of the Navarre, 405 Geary
street, sent in bandages and comfort bags
with good-luck pieces.
Grammar School children of Dixon sent
a large donation.
The lady employes of Buckingham &
Hecht made and donated 256 flannel bands.
Bandages, caps and comfort bags were
received from Palo Alto, Nevada City,
San Jose, Salinas, Highland Springs, Ross
Valley, Merced, Dixon, Byron, Martinez,
Grass Valley, Colton, Hopland, Llvermore
and Watsonville.
Graduates of Hamilton Grammar School
will give a party for the benefit of the
society at Hinman's Hall on June 15.
Over $40,000 has been subscribed to the
Red Cross fund. The following donations
were received yesterday:
The Naph B. Qreenfelder Company, $5; Unity
Lodge No. 273, I. O. B. 8., $20; Treka Lodge
No. 168. Knights of Pythias. $10: Dr. Edward
Frlsbee, $5; memberships. $3; Master E. Hook
melster, $1 25; membership, $1; Aergersdudlch
Whist Club, $5; Mrs. Johnson. $5; Milton H.
Talz, $5; memberships, $14; Jennie and Tern
pleton Crocker, money 1 subscribed, $2; Miss
Beckman, money subscribed, 26 cents; collected
at White House (from box), $5 50; collected by
Miss Rose Mann, $8 50: proceeds from musical
md dramatic tea, $1237; Dr. Henry Damkroe
rer. $2; Ignatian- Council No. 33, $20; employe*
San Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
road Company. $66 75; donation on advertising
by San Francisco Call. $49; Longfellow Primary
School, second subscription, $7 65; total, $40,
533 69.. -V ■:.::-. \-
WILL ASSIST THE
RED CROSS WORK
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE TO
SHOW PATBIOTISM.
Prospects of a Good Entertainment at
the Pavilion for the Benefit of
Soldiers Soon to Embark.
The present war with Spain has given
aoth citizens? and public Institutions every
opportunity to show their patriotism, and
In none Is this more manifest than the
Mechanics' Institute. When the first
volunteers left this coast they were amply
supplied with good literature by this in
stitution, and from time to time the
board of directors has, in behalf of the
membership, manifested Its patriotism In
various ways.
At the regular meeting of the board of
directors last night the time was largely
ijiven up to the discussion of methods of
rendering life mure pleasant to the vol
unteers. A letter waa received fr-jm a
French society stating that it Intended
giving the proceeds of the regular 14th of
July celebration to the Red Cross Society,
and the use of the Pavilion at one-third
the regular rates was at once granted the
society. Mr. Wilson then suggested, that
the Institute itself might do something in
the entertainment line for the Red Cross
Society, and a committee consisting of
Messrs. Fraser, Wilson, McLaren and
Healy was appointed to make preliminary
irrangements. It i 6 probable that a mili
tary demonstration will be held some
time during the month, the gross receipts
Df which will be devoted to the Red Cross
On the suggestion of Mr. Jelllson, 11
brarlnn of the Institute, the free use of
the rooms was extended to all soldiers In
uniform, and a quantity of books will
be sent with the next troopsh'ps.
The quarterly reports of the secretary
and librarian were of a very satisfactory
nature. While there has not been a great
In membership there has been no ap
preciable loss, and the financial standing
Is better than ever. There are at present
!2!<2 persons on the membership roll. The
regular quarterly meeting of the institute
will be held on Saturday evening.
NEW JAPANESE CONSUL.
Distinguished Diplomats Arrive in
This City.
The new Japanese Consul, Count F.
Mutsi, arrived on the Belgic yesterday af
ternoon. Though a young man, the new
Consul has seen some service In the diplo
matic corps of his country which entitles
him to a high ranking. He was formerly
attached to the legation at Washington.
Accompanying Count Mutsi is Dr. B.
Tomatsuri, a surgeon in the Japanese
army. He is here on a visit to Investigate
the methods employed by the United
States Government in the mobilization of
Its troops and the preparation for the Ma
nila expedition.
. ♦ . _
Granted a Divorce.
Ella Wllkins was granted ' a divorce
from Charles F. Wilkins by Judge Bel
cher yesterday on the ground of failure
to provide. >
 • — » ♦ ■ '
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J Plerson & w Cal Mrs J Stephens. Cal
G W Pierce, J>avis , V A Hare, Ft Bragg
T A Cullf-n. L Ang <: A Otis, Cal
C H Murphy. Cal J G Joy, Salinas
L R Flint, ('al — Grosslcr & w. Ger
D M Carman, Cal ;J F Devcndorf, S Jose
J H Botcher, S*icto H O Walton, Honolulu
D H Williams. Fresno ,G C Put»ami Oakland
J B Patterson, Seattle i Mrs S X Lathrop Cal
E Paa»o, Seattle , Mlfb A M Pratt, Cal
E A Plnfchel. Vlsalia iN Ross, Cal
J M Eajiwuotl, HamltnlA F West, Oakland
W C Pk'ker & w, Cal |J H Brookman. Yuba
W S Green, CotUM D P Durst. Wheatland
A M Duncan, Vklah IW C Witny, Cal
G Roberts, Vlsalia i Miss F French, Cal
G W Gill, N V X L Hawk, Sacto
J J Daily, Marysville C A Undoes, Peoria
L Dohezenoky * w, Cal G H Schoellkorf & w,
T D Manson. Sacto Dallas
A Luches«a. Cambria !H S Hall, King City
G Van Gardner, Cal |L Cerlach &. w, Stktn
J E Douglass. Ca! I Mrs E R Brady, S Jose
Miss G Mcllhcnny, Pa Mrs R L Rush, S Jose
J Mcllhenny. RedlandsjJ H Klnslow & w, Cal
F H Ruseell, Colo I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J W Cropp & w, Tex ij Freeman, Riverside
J A Anderson, Cal O Hanson, Cal
C Ordway. Ohio R C Tlllay & w Nev
J Wldar. Modesto C P Lofgren, Kans Cy
L White. Australia R P Bartlow, Kan» Cy
W R Walcott. Denver A D Hart. Davlsville
J D Roberts. S Mateo R Wilson. N V
Mrs C M Bernard, Sac X Nelson, Chicago
H F Joyce, Fresno F Reading & w, Chgo
P McCann. Ariz W P McCann, Sacto
C L Jonlaa. Davl»vMe
THE SA^T FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
PALACE i HOTEL. V V ?
T H Russell. Colo G A Loud, U S N
.Viscount a'Andlgue, A Roders, China
• Paris '.-■■.' : .■- .■. : ; O W Harley, Ohio
Viscountess d'Andlgrue. — Sewell & w, Pa ■;
Paris ■ ■■ ;■ Miss Watson, Pa
W B Peck. NT B X Welch, London
F T Sutherland, Treka S , W Elltcombe, Londn
T U Raymond. USA J A Silverman, U 3 M
G Imroth, London Mrs Denby, Peking
Mrs G Imroth, London Count Mutsu, Japan
E W Hale. Sacto Dr Tomatsuri, Japan
L Stone N V I . H E Tompkins, China
P. H Parks, NT E B Wetenhall. China
Mrs RII Parks, NT B W Mitchell, Calcutta
T Flint Jr, S Juan , Mrs C:G H : Macßride,
Mrs T Flint. S Juan Cal
E D Bannister, Cal A O Dickinson & w,
T Potter, London N V ,
A A Potter, London J II Ilewson, N T
Miss G B Mcllhenny, RE Pierce. S Jose
■ Pa F IS L Bowley, London
J Mcllhenny. Pa A Hamilton, London
T A Howard. S D NS Xlshwander. Japan
T R Mlnturn & s. Cal N P Rogers & w. XV
■\V R Proguo, China Dr Kindleberger, USN
•P LtndenUetz, China iJ C Evans. USN
W Obst, China B Conger, Pa
P Bales, China J Jolonick & w, Dallas
R Phelps Jr, D S N , • ■ ,
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C M Hunter, L Ang A V Love, Ohio
T Longmore. Hopland H B Haverly, Chicago
G T Price, Louisville J C Knox, Sacto
J G Walker, Chicago J B Squires, Term
Dr Purdy & w, Wash RE Batten, Oakland
R G Mack, Wash . IJ E Ingalls, Xcv
311 Hawkins w, Cal ! C B Davit*. Mont
F D Cobb. Stktn V X Yocum, Utah
.1 T Wilson & w. Cal 5 R E Campbell. Colo
W James Bakersfield J E Parker. Cheyenne
E R Gifford, Auburn |L A Arnold, Omaha
G W Drydale. Cal jJ B Smith. Topelca
F Nuckolls. S Barbara R B Slocum, N D
E S Morin &w. Cal iJ R Selna, Ariz
J O Hassey, Rawlins jC R Johnson, Arl«
R Thomas, Chicago !
■ ♦ »
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 7.
Etmr Washtenaw, Croacup, 80 hours from
Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jun« 7— Stmr Co
quille River, hence J\ine 8.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 7— Stmr Bovlo. for
Liverpool; stmr Servla, for Liverpool; etmr
Kaiser Wllhe'.m der Grosae, for Bremen.
CHRlSTlihA— Sailed June 7 — Stmr Thlng
valla, for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— SaiIed June 7— Stmr Wae»
land, for Liverpool-
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSTN'KSS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlßht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2JCI Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 E'eventh street; open until S o'clock,
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N\V. corner Twenty-second ana Kentucky
rtreets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. &A. M •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. 3d Degree. TSLJT
C. D. .BUNKER, Secretary, 'V *
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. & A. • .' •
M.— D. 1. THIS (WEDNESDAY) _jjV.
EVENING, Junp 3. at 7:30 o'clock. ISJX
By order of the Master. /^f >
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. & A. •
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- «#V_
PAY) EVENING. Jun« S. at 7:30 TZjf
o'clock. First degree. \ /^r^
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $160, postage
free. -
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1897:
Ellen Norton, age 10 years; Katherlne Norton,
8 years; Mary McDonald. 10 years; Kather-
ine CalTerty. 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 .years;
Francis Williams, 7 years; Rosetta McGulre,
7 years; Margaret Gomez, 8 years; Evelina
Gomez, 6 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLFCTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS '■' papered from $2 50, and whitened
from $1 up; painting done. Hartmann Paint
Co., 343 Third st.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2. 
PEARL HARRISON : and ■ assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. : 120% Geary St., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 118 Taylor st.
MISS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery st., room 8;
palmistry and card reading. .
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st.. room 11.
MANICURING and alcohol baths. LILLIE
STANLEY. 7 Grant aye. ; room 123, first floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, 1021 Market, rra. 13.
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baton. 15% Turk ana 1118 Market, rms. 15-18.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans:
baths and manage. 1118 Market st., rm. 8.
ELEVENTH, 106-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAIE
20 FIRST-CLASS waitresses want positions In
city or country. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Gear}" st. ; phone . Grant 183. ,
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation aa
first-class cook; best references; country pre-
ferred. MISS CULLEN.. 325 Sutter st. : •■■>'
FIRST-CLASS French and German speaking
girl desires situation as .chambermaid and
seamstress or nurse, 3 years last place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, competent Swedish cook and housework
girl, desires situation; 3 years last place; Ala-
meda preferred. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT German girl desires situation;
2% years last place; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
AT THE Swedish and German I Employment
Bureau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houceglrl; good cook and laundress;
city or country: 3 years last place. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. ;
GERMAN girl, lately from old country, wishes
situation as second girl, nurse or housework;
$15. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter . st. ~,
GERMAN ■ girl with / 5 years' references de-
sires a situation to •do cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG | girl 18 years of age; light housework
..or second work and waiting in a nice family
In the country; good home more an object
than high wages. 1430 Dolores St., near 28th.
MIDDLE-AGED refined woman desire* care of
elderly person of semi-Invalid; even-tempered
and companionable; modern wages; : refer-
ences; reliable. 2919 Folsom st. :' ■ :
COMPETENT woman wishes position to do
chamber work or laundress In hotel or
boarding-house; city or country; good refer-
ence. 2759 Mission st.
COMPETENT woman ; wishes a situation as
: first-class. cook; will do washing and has
good references; lately from Philadelphia;
city or country. 442 Minna st.
I SITUATION ' wanted by .i a j most reliable • and
painstaking German general housegtrl; an ex-
I cellent cook and laundress; references. •■ Room
2. > 1023 Market st : -
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer and I book-
keeper desires position as private ; secretary.
Box CDS, Call. office. .
REFINED lady will assist with housework for
; room and board. , Box 691, Call office.
LADY will give ; music and elocution for room
. and board. . Box - 594. ; Call office. ■■: :;
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; = good
..homo and care. 51 Clara st. :,,--:.!
I YOUNG lady, , stranger, desires position as up-
; -" stairs : Etrl :or : second girl: s Address 31 '- Wash-
ington aye. '■•.'■. ' :'■
2 (SCANDINAVIAN . girls ? wish situations "i in
American family: understand . housework and
croking.; 204 Turk st. :
I SITUATION, as a cook;, wages $85; 6 years }n
' the last place; - best > references. , Address *S%
• .Wall st., off Jackson, near Hyde. - ,:
j FIRST-CLASS : dress .an d ' cloak ' maker " desires
a few more engagements; terms $1 25 per day;
city or country- Address ; box 691, : Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes position to take
I entire charge of an Infant ' or ■ children ; • city
| ' ' references. ;; r Please call at . s42; Howard st. ;.-
YOUNG ; German - woman ■ wants [' washing- " or
;■■ housework by the day. •; 2422 Greenwich st. ■
FIRST-*. LASS cook wishes position in hotel : or
: boarding-house. Call or address 319 Minna st.
WANTED— Situation J\ by r young girl, : light
.' housework or second work and waiting; coun-
try preferred. r- -1439 Dolores St.. ; ■■'•"■■.. / . ; - •
COMPETENT - girl i wishes :a : situation to do
; . cooking ; or. housework ;in ; a ; private family.
; '■ 573 j Minna st. ;. ; , ;' ■. ■- ■ :':■'■■ - J ■-' f ■"■:■.■:,'.■! ' ■ -.. _■:. j..'
LADY wishes position In the counlrv or wash-
ing and cleaning by the, day. ' 30S i Sixth " st. -
SITUATIONS WAiVTED-Contlnned.
WANTED— A situation by a middle-aged wo-
man In family; a good plain cook; small
washing; good references. 140 Minna st.
GERMAN' lady goes out by tne __y to work.
Please call at <43 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED young lady would like a situ-
ation to assist in sewing; work by the d_y.
Please call at 746 Howard St.
YOUNG lady wishes a place to assist with
housework and sleep home. Call at 746 How-
GERMAN woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. 4 Leek st.. off Taylor.
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing. Ironing, house and window cleaning; $1
and carfare. M., 1133 Folsom st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do general
housework. 149VS- Stiver st., between Harrison
and Bryant, near Fourth.
SITUATION wanted by neat young woman;
good cook: best of reference. 113 Gough st;
call 2 daya,
COMPETENT German woman wishes work
by the day; $1 a day and care fare. 132 Sixth.
GERMAN woman wishes to do washing and
cleaning: $1 day and car fare. 1124 Harrison
et.: bakery. ____________
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 532 Eddy
NT AT young Swedish girl wishes to do gen-
era) housework and plain cooKing; wages $18
t" J2O. 3271 Mission st., near Twenty-ninth.
SITUATION wanted by a Swedish girl to do
general housework and cooking. 0307 Twenty-
fourth Bt., near Sanchez.
SITUATION by girl: first-class cook: has best
of references; wages $25. MRS. HAROLDS, 615
Eighth st., Oakland.
SITUATION by German woman to do general
housework in private family. MRS HAR-
OLDS, 515 Eighth et., Oakland.
DANISH girl for housework In nice family;
wages $16; references. 33 Juniper »t., bet.
Tenth and Eleventh, off Folsom.
BITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman;
home more object than wages. Address 1000
Washington st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cook-
ing or general housework; wages 130. Call 22
Laskle st, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
AMERICAN woman wants situation as com-
panion to elderly people or working house-
keeper; city or country. Box 474, Call.
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $Ta> per
day. 1337 Market St., near Seventh.
NEAT Danish girl wishes to do general hous"e^
work In a small family. Address L., 2526 Mis-
sion st.
YOUNG lady (i.orth German) wants situation;
working housekeepar and good dressmaker
or chnmberwork and seamstress. Call at 16
Runde.U place, off Sixteenth, near Valencia.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes a situation In
American family; understands housework
and cooking. Please call 14WV4 Buchanan st.
JAPANESE lady wishes a situation as plain
cook and housework in family. Address T.
N., 1307 Larkin st.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2 or 3 in family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 106 11th st.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation in Amer-
ican family; willing; good references. 18
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and assistant
want a few more engagements by the day at
$2 "5 per day; perfect fit guaranteed. Call or
addres* 829H Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation doing
general housework; good plain cook; $10 to
$12 per month; city or country. 207 Eddy St.,
near Taylor.
WANTED — By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper: 2 or 3 In family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 106 nth St.
GOOD lroner and laundress wishes position.
Box 447. Call office.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions raken.
SITUATIONS WAX Ti:i)-M iLB,
WANTED— Your orders— your orders for all
kinds of men for all kinds of work, free of
charge on short notice. Remember the name,
C. R. HANSKN & CO., Employment Agents,
104 Geary St., S. F. ; phone. Grant 185.
COOKS, waiters, dishwashers furnished for re-
sorts promptly and satis! actory by sending
you rorders to J. F. CROSETT _. CO.. «28
Sacramento st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414Va U'Farrell it.; tel. East 428.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY _ CO., 640 Clay at
AN honest, temperate, Industrious young man
of 21 years, with considerable practical ex-
perience In electrical work, wants position as
electrician's assistant; must have work, and
would be willing to work hard on small sal-
ary, or tor little more than room and board.
Address X., box 7, Call office, Oakland.
POSITION as traveling salesman, collector or
office clerk by business man of 34; country
preferred; best references. Address box 674,
YOUNG man wants position as assistant book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper, with best of reference. Address
box 387. Call office.
COOKS, man and wife, no children, wish
positions In summer resort, country hotel or
large camp; are not afraid of work. Address
H. M., box MS, Call office.
YOUNG married man of business ability must
have employment; can sell anything from a
toothpick to a hay press; references given.
Box 692, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; understands horees, cows, garden; ref-
erence. Add. J. A. MacDONALD, 214 Third.
YOUNG man of 22 would like to learn a trade.
Address box iis-;, Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as clerk In
wholesale or retail store; good references.
Address F. R. H., 92 Halght st.
GERMAN rook, also first-class lunchman,
World' b and Midwinter Fair experience. Ad-
dress Box 405, Call.
WANTED— By an Eastern man, a position;
thoroughly competent; has had 20 years' ex-
perience; salary not an especial object. Ad-
dress J., box 418. Call Office.
WANTED — Position as collector; real estate
preferred; over 2 years' experience In city;
moderate salary; no commission; best refer-
ences. Box 478, Call.
YOUNG, strong German, 24, wishes work of
any kind; has good city Institution refer-
ences; private place preferred. Box 402, Call.
YOUNG German man, 23, from the East, rx-
pertenced bartender, wishes situation. M.
SCHMIDT, 26 Minna st.
JAPANESE desires light work for his room.
Address Box 400. Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese cook wishes position
In small family; city references. Address G.
SHIMOTO. 1329 Pine St.
EVENING employment desired as bookkeeper
or cashier or work of similar nature; best
references. Address L. I_ 8., box 445, Call.
POSITION as nurse or traveling companion to
Invalid gentleman by young man, aged 30;
experienced traveler; excellent references.
Address box M."., Call office.
WANTED— Situation In summer resort or
country hotel by a first-class cook and baker.
Address box 409, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desires position of
trust; Al city reference.. Box 46«3, Call.
MAN and wife, no children, wlsih situations
on farm, private or mining place; references.
1032 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced and
trustworthy man In furniture or grocery busi-
ness. Box 495, Call office.
JAPANESE, good cook and waiter, wants posi-
tion; good references. R. FRANK, Japanese
_ Mission. Pine st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry,
~S ELF~ WAMTBP—gBMAJUB.
HEAD waitress, $25; 2 waitresses, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, ?20; 2 chambermaids to
wait, country, $20; German chambermaid, $15;
4 extra waitresses, $1 and free fare; 2 Ironers,
ladies" wear, $35 and $40; mangier and
starcher, hotel laundry, $20 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WORKING housekeeper for country. $25 and
free fare; see party in our office. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
S EXPERIENCED typesetters, straight matter,
$6 week. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid, $30; waitress |
and chambermaid, country hotel, $20; laun- :
dress, same place. $20; second girl, city, $20. |
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and $15;
colored woman, chambcrwork. $20; Institution
cook, $20; m.ddle-aged woman, h. usework, $20;
houseglrl, $25, 2 in family, $20; neat German
housegirl, 2 In family, $20: young girl, assist
housework, no cooking, $12. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
GIRL to assist general work In hotel, $20, see
lady here at 10 to-day; 6 waitresses and cham-
bermaids. $15 and $20; restaurant waitress, a
short distance, $25: 3 girls to set type, $6
week; ironer in laundry, country, $25, fare
paid; 3 Protestant cooks, $2.": 4 Germ.-in and
French Recond girls and nurses, $20 and J25,
and girls of all nationalities to fill our nu-
merous situations In city and country. J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 31C Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, country hotel. $20; girl for
plain cooking, ranch, (15, fare paid: wait-
resses, country hotels, $20. MURRAY _
READY, 684-838 Clay st.
HEIiP "WANTED— Continued.
COOK, Santa Crui. $25; housekeeper, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl; $25; country'; 2 in
family. MISS CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl; Santa Barbara; $25; see
lady here. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED girl; housework; $20. MISS CUL-
LKN, 32.'> Sutter St.
NEAT Protestant second girl; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
NURSE, $20; housework, Healdsburg, $20; Te-
hama Co., $20; Santa Clara. $20; Los Banos,
$15; and other towns, $15; housework girls,
city, $10 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FRENCH girl as soverness; l grown child; $2j.
MISS CULLEN', 325 Sutter 6t.
SECOND girl; country; MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter Bt.
REFINED middle-aged woman; country; $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
GIRL; light work part of day; $n per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl; no cooking; $10. MISS CUL-
Ll"N", 32. r . Slitter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, city, $20; wait-
ress, $15. easy place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
WAITRESS, $20. country; waitress, Suisun,
$2n. MlSri CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — French second girl and seamstress,
$20; cook, small hotel, country, $20; waitress,
$16; 2 German or Scandinavian cooks, $25;
young girls for work and assist, $20, $15
and $10; 3 typesetters. $6 a week. LEON
AN DRE, 316 Stockton hi.
GERMAN girl, housework, Oakland, no wash-
Ing 1 , $20; 2 girls, general housework, $15 and
$20; girl, general housework, country, fare
paid. $25. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT OFFICE.
(old .No. 777; 835 Market at.
HEADQUARTERS; free places for honest
working girls; the best homes in the city; the
highest wages obtained for cooks and gen-
eral housegirls; remember, the service Is ab-
solutely free at the Working Girls' Ex-
change. 1023 Market st.. above Sixth.
EXPERT dressmaker; apprentice in cloak and
suit house; bakery olerk. 1023 Market st.
HAIRDRESSER; pupil nurse, 2 months' trial,
good wages; office matron. 1023 Market st.
WAIST hand, good finisher; 10 waitresses; 3
pantry girls; 2 seamstresses. 1023 Market st.
BUSINESS woman; must understand bookkeep-
ing and correspondence; special; references.
1023 Market st.
LADIES, attention— The Select Ladles' Bu-
reau of Information, managed by San Fran-
cisco ladies, confidentially conducted; cash-
iers', teachers', clerks', salesladies' head-
quarters. 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion; salesladies; office matron;
forelady; matron, European hotel. 1023 Market.
GIRL for housework; small American family;
_$20; also nurse girl. $15. 631 Larklo st.
WANTED a married lady to take charge of
small house for rent free. 417 Harrison st;
call between S and \
TOUNO girl for housework and care of lady.
1234 Mission st., bet. Eighth and Ninth, at
WANTED— A young girl to assist waiting on
tabl*. 63S Fourth at.
WANTED— Operators; good stitchers and Al
DAVIDSON & MILLER. 731 Market.
THOROUGHLY experienced tailoress on cus-
tom coats; good wages; steady. 272 Seventh.
SIiIRTMAKERS and machine operators to take
work home. 12S Eighth st.
WOMAN wanted to do light housewjrk. Call
between 12 and 2 p. m. at 11 Jenson st.
AN experienced chambermaid. Lindell House,
Sixth and Howard sts.
GIRL for light housework; good home; wages
$5. 867 Capp St.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. Apply
before 12 m. at 1726 Bush st.
WANTED— Young lady (musical) to learn pho-
tographic business. 342 Kearny st.
WANTED— A girl to do light housework. Ap-
ply at 751 Harrison st.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking and
washing; $15. 2612 Larkln st.
GOOD COAT finisher fßirl). 812 Brush St.,
GIRL to do general housework; wages $10 to
$12. MRS. L. ROSENBERG. 592 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Second girl; small family; suburb;
permanent home; moderate wages. Box 413,
FIHPT-CLASS hairdresser: young girl to learn.
MME. DELLA FAUST, 240 Stockton at., near
WANTED — Finisher on custom coats: must
understand machine work. £28 Howard st.
STRONG girl for general housework. Call
after 8 a. m., 1611 A Howard st.
GERMAN girl wanted to do kitchen work. Call
at 324 Larkln st.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
■t. : perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HE LP WASTE D-MAKG.
ALASKA
A new railroad
500 rocktnen $3 a day
E0 bridge carpenters $3 50 a day
summer's work. For particulars call at C. R.
HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency, 104
ATTENTION
300 men for new railroads in California;
year's Job I
Headers, hammermen, muckers, $2 to $2 50 I
a day; teamsters, laborers. $20 and found and
$1 75 a day and free fare. We ship dally,
north and south; free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 114 Geary st.
TEN more teamsters with blankets to call at
our office at 7 o'clock to work on the coast
road; ship this morninß; free fare. C. R.
llansf.n &• co.. 114 Geary st
20 GRAVEL miners, $2 50 a day; 60 woodsmen,
$35 and found: 100 choppers and tlemakers; 15
teamsters, ditch work: 20 haymakers, $1 a
day: 20 farmers, $20 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
ROUGH carpenter. $2 a day: 8 teamsters for
a canal. $1 75 a day; board $4 50. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRENCH cook and second for a first-class
small fanflly hotel, $90; 2 cooks, small hotel,
Oregon $S0; second cook, $10 a week; night
cook, $9 a week; 2 restaurant porter boys,
$15. C. R. HANSEN £ CO.. 104 Geary St.
A NOTICE to laboring men
wherever this paper reaches, city and eoun-
we want teamsters, laborers and rock men
for miles and miles of new railroad work in
California apd Alnskn X v*v w-»-M k
come and see C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Era-
w ployment Agents, 104 Geary st., S. i>'.
CABIN boy to ship to Australia, $10. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NEAT German boy to do bar porter work In a
country club house, $15 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Young typewriter and office clerk.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
WANTED — Fruit farmer and wife. $40; pants
and vest tailor, country, piece work; 50 la-
borers for first-class Job, $1 75 and $1 40 a day;
10 teamsters. $1 76 a day; milkers, $25; 20
miners for gravel mine, $2 50 a day; stable-
man. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
828 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Steward for restaurant; night cook,
$12 a week; first cook, restaurant, $16 to $20
per week; second cook, $10 to $12 per week;
second cook, lunch restaurant. $45; baker. $45;
waiter, country hotel. S3O: kitchen help, etc
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento ?t.
WANTED — 5 farmhands, '.iear city, $20, long
Job: 2 German farmhands, long Job. $20; Ger-
man farm tenmster. near city, st»»«idy place.
$25; ranch teamster. Amerltqn, '<25: man to
run back rako, $?S; 3 hnying hards, $1 IS per
day and board; chnrcman. ok! man, $10 and
found: cooks, wivitors: lunch dishwasher for
lunch house, $3 per week, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., G26 Clay st.
MARRIED caretaker; warehouse tally clerk:
3 grocery clerks: wholesale liquor house bar-
tender: office correspondent. 313 Bush st.
TO open 10 country stores; an Incorporated
company, representing SlsO.no<"' : managers and
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house, at
once: 2 cellarmen; bottler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Hush s=t.
EXPRESS driver who can furnish bonds: 2
warehouse Junior clerks. 1023 Market st.
MAN and wife, charge of hotel, care of bar
and housekeeper. 1023 Market Bt.
6 MEN for Pacific Coast trade, distiller's line:
big pay. 1C23 Market st.
10 MEN for Alaska, for one of the most suc-
cessful financial concerns in city; good money
for right parties. 102S Market Kt.
MAN and wife to work on gentleman's place;
grocery clerk. 1023 Market st.
MAN assist kitchen, $19; no Sunday work
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG boy as waiter, mining- town, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 32S Sutter st.
BOY 16 or 18 years; one who has worked in a
store; references required. Golden Eagle
Clothing Store, 104 Kearny st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter st.
? HELP WANTED— Continued. '■■■
FARM ! hands — -Orchard hands
32 men for different places, wages {26, $25 and
$20 per month and : found; 3 ranch . teamsters,
$26 and found; 3 stablemen 243 tiemakers;
202 woodchoppers. MURRAY & READY, 634-
, - 636 Clay st., ■ Leading Employment Agents.
A-SI'OOLTENDER : for »■■ sawmill company.
': MURRAY «fc READY. 634-636 Clay St. '
A— DRY i goods ; clerk, ■ country . store; see boss
here « :30 a. m. MURRAY & READY. 634-636
Clay-et. .• .
— BAKER'S boy, $15 and found, country; as-
sistant baker, city, $20 and found; Si cooks
for different places; & waiters for different
. places; war--. S9 week, city; 2 bellboys,
springs. Mi. v & READ Y, 634-636 Clay
St., Leading *. ..tnent Agents.
*■_■ .'., i-. E FARE —
*.•.„ railroad laborers vnd teamsters, $1 75 day
call early. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay
. St.. Leading Employment Agents. ;
A— BLACKSMITH and horseshoer, country
shop. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— GOLD miners—— :: — — _- — _|2 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.. Lead-
ing Employment Agents. : »
A—CITY work— — -— — \\ 75 day;
1«- laborers — 5 teamsters,
also 36 laborers, $;« per month and found; 5
men for a city manufacturing concern. MUR-
RAY & READY, C 34-636 Clay St., Leading
Employment \Agcnts.
A— 3 ROCK drillers, near city. MURRAY &
READY. K4-636 Clay st.
A— HAYMAKERS Haymakers
4" men — — '■
wanted to make hay, •to., for different places
In California, $26 per month and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
MILKERS Mllkera
5 milkers for different places, $25 and $20;
vegetable gardener, see boss here. MURRAY
6 READY, 634-636 Clay St., Leading Employ-
| ment Agents.
WANTED— A good man to buy a half interest
In 2 laundry wagons and large route; ■ will
guarantee purchaser to make $3 50 to $5 per
day; reference required; price $400. Box 689,
Call office.
WNTED— Blacksmith, capable of • taking full
charge of shop where shoeing and all kinds
of blacksmlthing is done. H. HORTOP.
Rutherford, Napa County, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED man assist on small dairy,
$10. Call 19 Fourth st., 11 a. m. ; Christian
preferred. .
WANTED— RetaiI salesman; one familiar with
grocery or crockery line. Box 596, Call office.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 296 Valencia st.
GOOD barber for Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. 1419% Dupont st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 120% Taylor st.
WANTED— 2 barbers, 1 steady, 1 for Saturday,
on percentage. 22 Montgomery aye.
BOY blacksmith's helper. 820 Howard st. ■
WANTED— Shoemakers on repairing. 307 Mc-
Allister st.
STEADY, man satisfied with :16 per week In
light cash business. 1021 Market, room 2. <
.—.. — .  ( , .
SHOEMAKER wanted at 1903 Ellis st.V'-.vlf
CARPENTER wanted; 459 Stevenson; Jobbing;
apply early.
BARBER wanted. C 33 Glay st.
STRONG boy of about 18 or over to help In
baker shop. .-■ Call early 913 Buchanan st.
WANTED— barber with ■ one or two years'
experience. 614 Geary st.
WANTED— Errand boy for drug store. Ad-
dress, in own handwriting, giving name, age
and residence. Drugs, box 389, Call office.
WANTED— Boy to work In grocery store: sleep
home. Apply southeast corner Sacramento
and Leavenworth sts.
WANTED— good coat makers at once; good
wages. Apply at IS9 Jessie, U. 8. tailor-shop.
GOOD hotel barber shop, ° including bath. In a
country town, for sale. For , particulars at
604 Battery st. •
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, . 321 Ellis.
RECRUITS wanted for the . United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years,, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For
further ' information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal. - ; '
WANTED— Laborers and '■ mechanics to know
I that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, ■■ still
runs Denver House, . 217 Third st. ; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. ; 138% Eighth st.
1 MEN to solicit and collect; part salary and
commission. 1232 Broadway, Oakland.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free. 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, etc. ; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. • Sec. 104 7th ; tel. South C2S.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
SINGLE rooms, 100 and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c. per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week. ;
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutler.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. \i->;
ELEVENTH. 100— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. - - %
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Spain" : splendidly Illustrated; only authen-
tic book to be published; free outfit now
ready; act quick. National Publishing Co.,
Lakeside building, Chicago.
TO sell; J a sewing machine attachment; use-
ful; cheap; good pay. Room 17. 31S Pine st.
BOX of war & Maine souvenirs, nag pins, etc..
new, mailed, sc. 111. catalogue free; big money.
CUSHMAN, Mfr., 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mas*.
AGENTS I — Murat Halstead's great war
, book, : "Our Country In War"; ■ all ; about
armies, -navies, coast defenses, Maine disas-
ter, Cuba, war with Spain and relations with
foreign nations; nearly COO ; pages; all written
since Maine disaster; magnificent colored il-
lustration?; agents making $10 to $39 per day;
no experience necessary; liberal terms; *20
days' credit: price low; freight paid; outfit
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay postage. Edu-
cational , Union, 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago. ,
A.GENTS wanted for "Our Naval War With
Spain"; splendidly illustrated; only au-
thentic book to be published; free outfit now
ready; act quick. National Publishing Com-
pany, Lakeside building. Chicago.
STREETMEN wanted in every town to sell the
comical fiffhtlng- figures representing Spain
and America; sample by mail 10c. A. MUL-
LIN, 212 Minna st. - •
616 LARKJN Branch office of The Call.
. Subscriptions and want ad* taken.
■■ FURNITURE masted. ~~
WANTED— To | buy at once, - good ■ second-hand
furniture store; give price and address. J. V
box B, Call office," 106 Eleventh st.
INDIAN A Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.; highest price paid Tel.- Davis 71.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
FURNISHED rooms wanted with board for
responsible bus! ness men. : 313 ; Bush . st.
"WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, siTverT^cast^oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
-..:: r . LOST.
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernla Savings
and  Loan : Society of San ■• Francisco. . in' the
■i name of ELIZABETH , LEE, No. 221-542. The
finder will please return, to Bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
■ and Loan * Society >of San Francisco, in '. the
name of ELLEN O'CONNOR; No. 166,623. The
finder will please return to bank.
STRAYED— terrier bitch; , collar '. and tag
•<;, No.- 1268. Return • to 301 Hayes st. Cash re-
. ward. ':■ X ■■"" - :-•• ■ '■• ,■ ■.::\ : . ■ -,• ■ ;
LOST— 6. a.. purse containing sum of
money: reward If returned. Address box 577.
; Call; office./ ; : v v, v : .-. .-.■. .■-.-, ..-.-
LOST— '> gray-haired -. German Spitz dog;
-, reward $5. Return Golden , West •■. Hotel, r. 3.
LOST— Sunday. "-. gold watch; monagram A. M.
: F. Return to Occidental Hotel; reward.
WHITE '-■. and brindle greyhound • bitch; license
tag No. ■ 150. SO6 •■ Kentucky , st. ; , reward.
LOST— At :■- Sutro's ;• Baths, ; purse ' : containing
money, gold ring; initials. Return to 2 Marye
Terrace. •, vif ;-■-;;.? -k''^ 1 .. -v >:?■;::.-; :.-.-; -■■.':;,.- :-.... ■/.
STRAYED— Army and : Bryant sts., light
: gray horse. v Return to 8020 : Twenty-sixth st.,
'.I receive ■, reward. y'.. \ : - . ■ ; ' ; ' - : ; " ; : p"? : : -. •;.;'" ;^-,=---:t ■;;■ v fc
LOST— June 2, white 8plt» dog. Return to 1730
Broadway; reward.
PERSONALS.
I WILL not be responsible for any " debts In-
curred by my wife, Gussie Warnke, she hav-
ing' left my - bed ' and • board. PETER
WARNKE. v ..-."■■•-... •■-'-■-
MATRI MONY. \f-?_
MA.RRY— - Money, refunded if not suited within
I 6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
' BELL," 1U Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
THE Faclflc, 4C6 Geary— Only legitimate matri-
j monial assn. west ol Chicago; details free.
BUSINESS iERSONALS^
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st. '
MAGICAL performances given lor all occasions;
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY, 301* Sixth.
AT 111 Larkin st. : People's Society; B'p. . m.;
speaking and tests by. good mediums: free.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the high-
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit.
$5 down and U per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
THERE is a great difference in hair; I dress
your hair correctly: price 25c only: good
switches $1; best, finest quality 13 50; extra
.heavy, loner. $5; open Sundays from » to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st. -
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 CO per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops hair from fall-
Ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton »t.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women,
MRS. DR. FT'NKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy "nstallments. I*.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and «th.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rm. 15.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranca
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sh«
will reveal every bidden mystery in life: sh«
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions: unites the separate, ' recovers lost.
Ftolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1346 Market st. :
trance medium. Without asking a question
she tells the name of her callers; she tells
past, present and future correctly; tells your
age and occupation; she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriages with the one of your choice: sh»
locates burled treasures, removes evil influ-
ences and all long-standing ailments. Letters
with stamps enclosed promptly answered.
FREE test to all this week. LEANDER. test
and developing medium, 508 Eddy St.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth rt., room 10.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. '
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 L»avnwth.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth rt.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. .
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
fesslon; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. RINES will read your planets. 335 Mo-
Alllster st., 8 p. m. ; Mrs. Sealey-Blrd:
come early: tests.
MRS. FULTON TULEY. materializing eeanc*
to-night and Friday, 50c. 1513 Geary st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 MrAlllstTr: tel. Jessie.9sB.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control: hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MRS. SHAFFEI..' test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212H Sixth st. .
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings $1; cir. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m.: Sat.. 8: 250.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi- .
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Halght st. . . ' -
PALMISTRY. ■ - " • .
CALL and have your hand read by a student
of Chelro's. 853 Market st.
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler, Sunday, 3
p. m. ; hall 305 Larkin st. readings daily; 353
Geary st. ,
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402*4 Geary; hypnotism taugat;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping,- business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater: summer
term begins this month; for teachers and
students; 1-5 p. m. daily. MRS. MAY.
JOSEPHI-KINCAID. Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 555 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry.Ph. B..Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
. nr.Channing way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.:
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAW schools. 906 Broadway. Oakland; No. C
Eddy st., city, room 59; day and night..
SHORTHAND taught in one month; terms $10i
* students should investigate. 712 Van Ness.
HORSES.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard " st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.; auction sales rvery Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. •
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons.' harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL. '
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
_• ___i.^ - ■■ . . j „ ,_;^ _ .;."/., v,_,,,.,-/,., - ... . . ; ■ _
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagon: : cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth .nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and' vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City HalL
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'k wagons cheap ■
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison at.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
SS and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor • work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer . Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. ": Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning : Co 453
Stevenson st. : tel. S. 223: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at So.
STRATTON. 3 Elg h St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 8t st. B GRANT. . tel. Jessie 20L
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14ta
st.; cleaning 3; a .yard:, tel. Mission ■, 74.
:ONKLINS Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. ~aat 126.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch ; office of The CalL
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
LEGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to th«
statute In such case made and provided no.
-■ tice Is hereby given h tbxt the • Southern' Pa
ciflc Railroad „ Company, the ■■ Northern Rail
. way Company, I the Northern California Rail
way Company ■, and h the ; California Pactflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporation! In
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
sent lof the stockholders holding | more than
three-fourths In value of all the stock of eaS
of said corporations, respectively, andbyaaree-
SIS 1 of the respective Boards of Director's of
said corporations, made ' and entered Into ?a
accordance with . mch mnsent. . and Dursu.n?
t0 ,* the ••*?»•«• «n s evch -. case made an ™^rS!
«'A* d - did.- on ' the • 14th day of April A O
: B^ n^^y Of th « Boutrfem I P^m^RaUrMd]
Ban Francisco. CM.. Way; 8. 189 S.HI SINKSS (HANCES.
A PARTNER wanted, either lady or gentle-
man in paying restaurant, to receive cash
and look after help: meals 25e up; small capl-
V\ric *"U a le ? art - v : trial : ereat opening. M.
l^h.SS. <65 Market st,
kii butcher shop, north of
-\ lrl:i - : st.; 2 horses, 2 wagon*, handsome
?} T°USL earing $1 - to * 100 P er month; trial.
■M.. LESS, 769 Market st.
*£W-SALOON. north Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
stock *o line fixtures; 6 living rooms; ow-:.»r
there 8 years; other business cause of sale:
genuine offer. M. LESS. 765 Market fct.
$150-CORNER butcher shop; besTpart In Mls-
sion; neat store, bound to attract custom;
receipts $9 to $10; Saturdays $25; ail cash
trade; departure cause of sale; great sacrl-
_flce. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$1100— CORNER saloon and liquor store, princi-
pal street heart of city; old la t. Turned ; large
stock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
itself; full Investigation to prove that this
offer is actually worth $1500; present owner
there for years; sickness compelling sale.
A] ply M. LESS. 765 Market St., opposite Phe-
lan building.
$iX>— Bakery: principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25; baking 1^ bbls. flour
per day: -all store trade; Impossible to find
anything better in this line. M. LESS 765
Market st. .
JlO5O — OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room on
Kearny st., clost» to Chronicle building; rent
Slitf; doing a good paying business; only first-
Sp%?«rS m ,L large stock on hand. See
\s ILKE. .S3 Market st; new number 545.
$1250-BARROOM doing • a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $50; a rare bU6lnes< open-
ing, vail WILKE, 753 Market St.. new num-
ber 545.
$SOO-OLD-ESTABLISHED and first-class pay-
Ing saloon, close to Baldwrn Hotel; low rent;
elegant fixture*; a great sacrifice: important
business calls owner north. Call WILKE
7i>3H Market st.
A -*" RESTAURANT in the very best loca-
tion, doing a rushing business; first-class
prices and be6t siass custom; low rent, In-
qulre v, ILKE. 753 Market st.
— $200 — SALOON close to water front: low
rent; rooms; doing a good paying business.
See WILKE, 753 Market st.
$1750; BEST-PAYING restaurant In city; es-
tablished years; kept by owner the last five
years; private rooms: the very best business
location; average daily receipts above $40. In-
qulre WILKE, 753 Market st.
*2500-OLD-ESTAL'.LISHEI> saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; Ion?
lease; . doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE. 753 Market st.
IN a healthy farming locality, a blacksmith
chop and well established business; comfort-
able dwelling; orchard bearing enough fruit
for family; chicken house, barn and a water
capacity which pays $15 per month; business
clears a net pro.it of $1500 to $2000 per year;
object, retiring. Apply McLAUGHLIN & CO..
23 Kearny st.
$1500— SALOON ; owner is going into extensive
business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$125— BRANCH bakery; 4 rooms; great bargain;
$475. restaurant. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny.
$2JO— RUIT store; good horse and wagon; bar-
gain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
V-ZQ— PARTNER wanted in laundry routes;
will pay over $75 per month to each. Mc-
LAUUULIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
JIoCt— RESTAURANT; bargain this day; leaving
the city. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$:>00 — CORNER grocery and bar; good horse an.l
wagon; stock worth price asked. McLAUGH-
LIX & CO., 23 Kearny st.
A- KREDO & CO.- 22^ Geary bU
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$20C0— Drug store; good chance for practi-
cal man.
$750— Millinery; clears $250 monthly during
sea-
s6o0 — Roadhouse; 20" rooms; dance hall.
$350— Roadhouse; San Bruno road; furniture.
$750— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
$175 — Grocery and bar; give-away.
$''** — Delicacy; flnecorner; with living rooms.'
$450— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— s2ooo; WOOD, coal. hay. grain and livery
stable; clears $200; full value of stock.
KREDO & CO.
A DEPARTMENT store, ing a good busi-
ness of $25,000 per year, paying 40 per cent
profit on Invoice value; has been established
12 years in Los Angeles County; for sale at
Invoice price; a good chance for business
man with a capital of about $SOOO.
A bakery, consisting of good oven, horse and
wagron, fixtures, etc., and is now on a good
paying basis; we invite examination; good rea-
Fons for selling; cheap; only &50; will ex-
change for real estate.
i
A grocery store; well established business' of
20 yeara; will selt at Invoice price. Particulars.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,- 4C3 Examiner bldg.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash, HEALY, 917 Market, st.
MILK, butter and »Kg route. 200 custo-
mers, clearing $100 month; horse and wagon.
Apply HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
$150— CORNER saloon near Junction of Market
st.; handsomely fitted up; rooms' furniture
included in sale. HEALY & CO., 317. Market.
FOR .«ale for '$300 spot cash a new first-class
restaurant doing go->d business; cost $865;
must rell. Box 546, Call office.
$3. »0— FOR sale; a chop house doing a good
business: rent $15; this Is a bargain. Ad-
dress box 450. Call office.
PARTNER in paying saloon near Examiner
office; bargain. Particulars, cigar stand, 33
Third st.
SALOON in Oakland will be sold cheap.
WICHMANVLUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay St.
GOOD corner saloon for sale; low rent and
very reasonable. Call 423 Sixth st.
$200— CANDY store, ice cream parlor; '3 fur-
Dished living rooms; a bargain. 1422 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS paying restaurant; established
for 8 years with same owners: best location;
Junction of two leading streets; trial given
before purchasing; price made to suit buyer;
present owners going to Europe. For particu-
lars address K. } box 9, Call office, Oakland.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given, short hours: duties light. 31 Third st.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. in.
FOR SALE or exchange— s3soo; drug - store;
Galveston; on principal street: doing good
busings, owner has other business. O.
BERGEB. Gal vest on, Texas.
STOCK and fixtures of a well paying cigar
store for sale; good reason for selling; no
agents. Southeast cor. San some and Wash-
ington sts. • .; ,.;...-
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2
route?: 3 horses; milk depot: cheap; owner
leaving -town. 0 8., box 7. Call office, Oak-
land.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, t a males;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
FOR sale cheap— Corner grocery and bar; nicely
located. Inquire }400 Folsom St.. cor. Tenth.
NOTION store and bakery for sale; less than
half; must .sell. 168 a Grove st . Oakland.
WOOD and coal business, old stand; must
cell Immediately; no agents. Box 403. Call. ;
FOR SALE— Branch bakery, on account of
sickness. Address. box 415. Call office. .
TWO chair barber shop; first-class location.
1622 Falrvlew St.. Lorin. Berkeley.
$125— GROCERY store: good beer trade; rent
$10; living rooms. 230 Lang-ton st. <
FINE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent $20;
selling at sacrifice. 331 Sixth st.
FOR SALE— grocery and bar.. Call at
Chicago Brewery. .. . •
FOR SALE on account, of otner business, a
nicely fitted. up restaurant; suitable for man
and wife. Agply at 967. Mission at. -
BUTCHERS, attention!— For pale very cheap,
one of the best shops in the city: other
business the cause of selling. Box 4678. Call.
FOREIGN capital for large ' tracts timber,
grazing lands, cattle ranches, copper mines;
only large propositions* entertained. Address
Capital, box 428, Call . oftice.
■ CORNER grocery for sale; 20 years under pres-
ent own»r, who leaves on account of sickness.
Eighth and Harrison sts., opposite Recreation
1 Park. . ■
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard for sale.
Box 4:,5. Call office. ■ .
$500— FINE milk delivery route In Santa Rosa;
I horst-H. 2 wagons, harness and all the ap-
pliances; military call reason for sole; refer-
ences. 2201 Stelner at.
REAL estate and Insurance business In grow-
ing neighborhood; chance for enterprising
man. Ml Noe st.
FOR rale — Saloon and restaurant; cheap rant)
lease. 3232 Mission st., near Twenty-ninth.
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
St., northwest corner Tchama.
— 10-can milk business; good milk from
country secured; cash trade clearing $150 per
month;. $300 down, balance 6 months' , time;
florae, wagon, cans, eta Box !>ll, Call office.
$100— DAIRY depot; with small butter route;
■ good-paying business; low rent; reason of
filling, going. East. , Address box 610, 'Call.
PARTNER wanted with $2000 in a wholesale
and retail liquor business. Address box £03,
. Call office. ..,■'.. . ■'■■ . ■
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for Bale. Address
Call agency." Stockton. ,; . :".. ; .
FOR sale— 2 old-estalj-lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office. .
SALOON for sale. 33» Bush st. . ■
WANTED— Young lady partner with $200; good
b •«in«s». X., box 10, Call office, ( Oakland. ,
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Continued.
FOR sal's— Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. San Jose.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN; Lorin. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAB WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
r^FFER^FOR^SALE "
2S-room boarding house $3500
24 rooms; transient; clears $150 500
25 rooms on Market; clears $100 500
36-room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted
4 20-room houses; from $300 to ■ 1600
3 50-room houses; from $1400 to 3000
3- 105 -room houses; from $2500 to 6000
65-room hotel; cost $10,000 3SOO
50-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
20-room house ...$SOO| 22-room house ..$5OO
10- room house .. 1501 • 24 rooms, corner.. 750
£5 rooms, cor ..3000| 14 rms. on Sutter 700
H. C. DECKER, . 1020 Market st.
LIST your houses with me. I can sell for cash.
i WANT no EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO — ' 22H Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge tor advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
58 rooms; worth $2500: f0r.... 1300
20 rooms; sunny corner: bargain at $2000. .1600
20 rooms; rent only $60 750
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.. 2254
Geary st. ' I
BUY of owner: $700 cash; 21-room house; cen-
tral and full of steady roomers; rent $60
month; Investigate this. Box 316, Call office.
$2000— LODGING house wanted in exchange for
Oakland unincumbered house and lot. KRE-
DO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
36 ROOMS, substantial furniture, cheap. In
city; would exchange for lots. 472 Eighth St.,
room 7, Oakland. •
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10,
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. 634
Market si .
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth, $5 up;
painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis-
sion st., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extracts- and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, Kg up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth. - ;
DR. LUELLA COOL. 554 Sutter; crowns. $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. S.
W. KEY.- 18-20 Market st. ■■• ■■■ ■
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
~~" " PROPOSALS. ~T ~~.
PROPOSALS— For the repair of bituminous
rock paventents— of the Clerk of the
Board Of Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco, June. S, ISSS.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20. ISSS, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair-
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and of the Board of Supervisors, all
streets or portion's. of streets. Including street
crossings and intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter, paved with bituminous rock,,
for a term of two (2) years from July 1, ls»S,
to and including June 30, ISOO.
The repairs are to be made in strict accord-
ance- with • specifications on file and open for
Inspection in this office. »
. A list of streets and street crossings, etc.,
now paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require U», be kept In repair, as above |
stated.; is also on file and' open [or inspection i
in this office,' and all streets or portions of I
streets paved with- bituminous rock and accept-
ed by the city and county, are Included and
must be put in good condition and kept in !
thorough - repair, whether they are recited in
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
Ings enumerated in said list must be put in
good repair ■ and condition within a period of
three months from award- of contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; in addition to all streets
or portions of streets paved with bituminous
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of. the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has been given and Is In force for keep-
ing the same in repair; also, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having tracks
thereon.
' NOTlCE— Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor to the extent of one-
twenty-fourth of the sum bid, on a certificate
from- the Superintendent of Streets, approved
by the Board of Supervisors, that the work is
being satisfactorily performed.
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this contract.
And it Is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
pecsons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two ($2) dollars per day; also, that the
amount of, the bond to be given will not be
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully, equipped plant suiflcient for the
performance" of this work.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required prior to or at. the time of tfie
execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three dally news-
papers. • •■.:•• -
•. la order to preserve uniformity, and to facil-
itate the award, the board has resolved to re-
ceive- no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a ' certified
check for the sum of five thousand (s3o<io) dol-
lars In favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned. If the proposal Is accepted and
the contract awarded, and if the bidder shall
fail or neglect to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six (6) days
after the award is made, then; and In that
case, the said sum shall be paid Into the city
and county treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids It the public good so require.
-.„■■;. JNO.A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to Hit
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice Is hereby . given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o v clock
a. m. of June 24, .IS9S, , for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proposals will be rsceived and
separate . contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing, the labor neces-!
nary for each of the following parts of said i
■ building, to wit: L For the masonry work, i
including all brick, concrete and - cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ln«r. *. for the iron work: for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4, for
the plumbing and gas-ntting work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized iron work;. «, M
painting and varnishing. . , .
No ■ proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a ; bond of such proposer,
equal to 10. per cent of his proposal, with at
l^sßt two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted be. will. duly enter Into a proper. con-
lI Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and. together
with the above-mentioned bond. inclosed' in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustee*
State Normal School" of San Diego, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion or
the building Is covered by the Inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na- !
tlonai Bank of San Diego. California, befom I
10 o'clock a. m. of June 14, 1898.--
Said proposals will be publicly opened and i
, contracts based thereon will ;be - made on '
June 24. 1898. at 10 o'clock a. m.. at room 35.
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
fornia. . . ■
The contractors to whom . contracts ar«
awarded : will be required to file with said i
board a ' good and sufficient bond to > the i
amount of 25 per cent of the contract, price
■ • for • the - faithful and proper , pert ormancu . of ,
bis contract. * : ■' 'r
The plans and specifications of said build-
' Ing can be seen during business hours at tho i
office of H«-bbard & Gill. architects. Grant
building. San Diego. California.
The Board \of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or. all proposals made..-.
State Normal School . of San Diego. Call- i
; fcrnla. *»'-.'■' '--" •' '-■ '• '■ ■■■:■.-■.
- By W. R. GUY. President Board Trustee*.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
■~Z~: ".. ".- > TYPE WRITERS." Vp
ALL typewriters sold and. rented; few partly
• ■•' used ' for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER &CO.7 110 Montgomery.
YOST, ' good order, $25; send ■ for sample ■ work.
SCOTT £ BAN NAN, 833 Montgomery it.
THE SA:N FEA]S CISCO CALI^ WJUDJWESJJAY, JUKE 8, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
10- ROOM house; good location; good shape.. sso
14-room house; nicely situated 45
14-room house; fine corner; long lease 80
THK REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
ALL OVER TOWN — — ■
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. l'j Montgomery st.
ELEGANT s; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMBL, 62S Market st.
HOISES WANTED.
3 TO 5 acres. wJth house, 5 or 6 rooms, near
Berkeley. Oakland. Elmhurst or Frultvale;
lease for 3 to 5 years.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, S«ltA— Sunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment; rent J8; rear cottage.
euR.VEK pottage of 5 rooms, $13; yard. Lom-
bard and Hyde sts.
FOR summer; Marin County; 45 minutes; fur-
nished 7-r<"'m cottage; reasonable; reference.
Box 69*. Call office.
SUNNY cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
$20— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st. ; key at corner grocery.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
9-ROOM house; good garden; sunny rooms;
fine location; owner going north; lease — $50
8-robm house; good location; sunny rooms;
finely furnished; very desirable 75
16-room residence for wealthy family; ele-
gantly furnished; nice quiet neighbor-
hood; long lease to right party 100
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
NEW. modern sunny corner house, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms and bath. Apply 3925 Cali-
fornia st., corner Second aye.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely lurnl.hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:38 and
4 p m.
FLATS TO LET.
A-WB want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to 3u days free rent;
fiats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market s^
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW- cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice: sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
A FINE view— New sunny upper flat of 6
rooms and bath. 1005 Hayes st.
ALL OVER TOWN—
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CASTRO. 1512. near Twenty-fifth— Flat, 4 large
rooms; bath, gas, mirror-top mantels; $11 50.
EIGHTEENTH. 4".!-:.. 4JS7, 4.191, near Hattie— 4
and 6 rooms and bath, $10, $12 and $13.
FOLSOM, S. W. cor. Thirteenth— Two flats, 6
rooms, bath: rent suit times. Apply premises.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath: near City Hall.
MINNA, 637, between Seventh and Eighth-
Nice, clean sunny flat 3 rooms, $10.
NINETEENTH, 3530, bet. Noe and Sanchez-
Flat, 5 large rooms; bath. gas. large yard;sl2 50.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath; rent $18. 1577
Turk st.
TEHAMA, 331— Upper sunny flat, 7 rooms; gas;
bath and modern Improvements; rent $21.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 134—2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable.
BRYANT, 430— Nice large clean sunny room,
complete for housekeeping. $9 a month.
BUSH, 1238, near Larkin— 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
EDDY. 915—2 or 4 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; gas range; fine location; private resi-
dence.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping; gas range; splendid location.
EIGHTH, 108 — Housekeeping; sunny front
room, bay Window, with kitchen.
ELLIS. 214— Sunny front rooms: also house-
keeping: $150 to $2 50 per week.
FIFTH, 428Vs— Front room and kitchen; fur-
nished for housekeeping; water in ksirh.-n.
FIFTH, BSS 2 furnish-d parlors, kitchen, bath.
$21; also <m« nlrt room. $7.
FULTON. 116— Front sunny room complete for
housakeeping. $10 month; 2 back rooms, $8.
GEARY, 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
lath, two beds; two stoves: gas and coal; $20.
GENEVA, 5, off Brannan, between Sixth and
Seventh— 2 housekeeping rooms; rent $8.
HOWARD, 511 A large front room complete
for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 7I furntshed front room; also
room with stove, for housekeeping.
HOWARD, ■ .:>l"tely furnished
housekeeping; also double and single rooms;
$5 up. .
HOWARD. 1128U— Sunny front suites for
housekeeping; water; stoves; bath. $10 & $12.
JESSIE, 273Tnear~ Fifth and Market-liouae-
keepins room, $7.
LARKIX. > ! <* I-arpe sunny room, neatly fur-
nished, 1 or 2 persons, light housekeepg; $4 50.
LEAVENWORTH, ISM. near Jackson— 3 nice
sunny fuir i-h.'il rooms for housekeeping; $10.
MARKET, 10M -Lars* mkhiv front room and
kitchen; foldinK bod; closft; $12.
MARKET, 1607 2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms, running water; also small
furnished room.
MINNA. hi' ; Pront runrished housekeeping
room, $1 oO week; single rooms, 75c week up.
MISSION, B9- - laree sunny housekeeping
rooms neatly furnished; $12 per month.
MISSION, I°«i3 Clean sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing and others; week or month; very cheap.
NINTH. 20. near Market— Front suite, single,
small kitchen, $lS: front bay-window, light
housekeeping. $S DO; gas.
OAK, 54— Front sunny furnished parlor; new
house.
PAGE. 4H4— 3 sunny rooms and bath, partly
furnished. Call from 10 to 12 a. m.
POINT U>ii''S a*''. 2200—3 Bunny rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
Large clean front sunny alcove
room; exclusive kit-h.-n: l.nth; gas; $17.
POLK, 1619—1 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
I'| IST, ito'.i- Large front room; 2 with running
water; light housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 551 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms; gunny; $i 60.
SOUTH PARK, 184 — 2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month.
THIRD, 3«9— Large sunny nicely furnished
room for light housekeeping, $6 per month.
TURK, 543— iArge front room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE or 5 pleasant sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping; nice grounds: central. 61! i 15th.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hotel Florence— Elegant suites from $20
month; slni<le $30; a quiet home; bath; eleva-
tor; every convenience for families and large
parties, by the day or week; give us a call.
AT 112 Tayl'ir- New management; new furni-
ture; elegant rooms; good board, day or mo.
AT 609 Hyde. Sutter 715-717-719 — Furnished and
unfurnished; and sunny; reasonable.
APARTMKXTS. quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Cum. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 2oc; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny M. — Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; termc reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms: preUy view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, waek or month.
B'UIKMIA— 239 Port — Newly furnished; all
conveniences; central; $3 50 week up.
CLINTON Park. 15C, near Thirteenth and Va-
lenria— Nice sunny furnished room, use of
k:t..hen, $8; no children. _^
DELAWARE, 1433 Market -Furnished or un-
furnif'ned single and double rms.: $8, $10 mo.
EDDY. 11*— If you want sunny, clean, quiet
room.- all h-'ie; $5 up^
_TdDY, 207 — Newly furnished single and double
rooms, tl a month and UP-
7i.! I 1..:!I 1 ..:! r B"OT of 4 unfurnished rooms;
also 'upper Bat; reasonable.
Fl'l'Y W -BlßgaiH sunny front bay-window
alcove room: running writer, bath, gas, grate;
connecting bedroom if desired; stricuy flrst-
ciass. _.„__ ___:
XLi .<;anTLT furnished apartments with spe-
cial privileges for refined gentleman ; no
other roomers. Address E. G.. box 451, Call.
ELLIS 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny-
rooms and suites f,.r g^r.ts, $1 50 to $3 week.
ELLIS House. 1211 Market, nr. Sixth— Furnish-
ed rooms, $1 50 to $6 per week; transient.
FOLSOM, E2O. near Fourth-Jl a week and up;
sunny furnlahed rooms.
ROOMS TO Continued.
FULTON, 233. near I Van, Ness— Handsomely
furnished bay-window room; gas; grate;
bath; reasonable. ..-■--'..-■■
GEARY, 595, cor. Jones— Elegant sunny rooms,
suites and single; strictly -class; refs. -
GEARY, Large • double ' front i room, with
board; suitable for 2 young men; reasonable;
private family; also other rooms. ■,
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard—
■ Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Hous». 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. Sunny front rooms;
also single with gas;, rent cheap. •_ •. .
GOLDEN GATE aye., 630— Neatly furnished
I room for gentleman only.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week. ' 
HOWARD, 741— Sunny front bay-window
rooms; also housekeeping rooms. ' ■
HYDE, 408— Sunny suite and single rooms, with
or without board; excellent table; reasonable.
LARKIN, 1200 — Sunny front -rooms; $4 and
up. ___J_ ' ' '/ ■■
MASON, 406— Sunny front, rooms In suites or
single for gentlemen. ■ • .
MASON, 511— Large, sunny furnished room;
gas; bath; also single; private family.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month. I
OAK,. 22— Large light sunny front room; suit- !
able for workshop or storage; cheap. -■ 1
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur- !
■ niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and 1
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 750
week and upwards. ■ 421 Bush st.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. BCHULZ.
"RANDOLPH." Post and Mason— Bay-window
parlors and suites'; smaller rooms; $1 60 to $4.
SHERMAN Apartment House, IS Eighth St.,
J near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House, 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 60 to $3 a week,
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric |
lights: hot and cold water; transient solic- j
ited; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor. '
SUNNY room: bath; gas; Protestant family.
Box 499, Call office. ■ ,
I BUTTER, 1148— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices; !
I bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
I TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
a rate beds. $10; sunny single room, $1 50.
' TURK, 126— Two -unfurnished sunny front'
, rooms; suitable for, light housekeeping; no
' children. '
TURK, Nicely furnished rooms; suites;
also single rooms. , .
TURK, Unfurnished and newly furnished |
rooms; suitable man and wife.
TURK. 303— Large front bay-window room, i
newly furnished. ; : .'
TURK. 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6 i
..up: bath. . ' |
ROOMS A.<D BOARD.
ALL • sunny bay-window rooms, everything ;
new, cheerful: first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
ELLIS. ■ 518— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per ionth. • r.';^:-;^
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, -with l
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. ■■ " .
SCUTH PARK. 153— Good table board, $3 per
week; , with nice sunny front room, $4 week, i
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele- j
gantly furnished, beautiful • sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly. ■ . ;.:....."..
SUTTER. Elegant sunny, rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
BUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite; single rooms; first- !
class board; large grounds. Mrs.Wt F. Evans. '
VAN NESS aye., Sunny newly furnished
rooms. ' electric .lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate. iSfe'irig • ,
$4 A MONTH; sitting and bedroom combined:
sunny; gentleman: furnished. Box 4497. Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN family without children wants rhild
to board. Call or address K. D., 1032 Hamp-
■ shire st., bet. 22d and 23d. I
i SINGLE lady would like little girl to board,
teach and for company In* country; $4. Ad-
dress Box 412, Call Office. ■' ~-
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children or
Infant. 3279 Seventeenth st.; near Mission.
JESSIE. c3!«— Good : home for Infant or l.or I
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
.; mother's care: references. 2S4>£ Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
CORNER store. Twenty-fourth and j Florida
sts.; formerly occupied by drug store. In-
quire at 2902 Twenty-fourth st.
CORNER; always bakery; new oven; 6 living-
rooms-; 100 Franklin st. DR. MEYER, 935
Market St.
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.;
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment : cheap. . . .
OFFICES TO LET. -'-'--
PHYSICIANS; dentists— Comer bay-window
suites of three rooms; first floor. 102 Ellis
St., corner Powell. ...... ■ --..^.y-.--
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. '579, opp. Wells-Fargo's: Express-
Second floor; power available for straw
.works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours;, safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to S. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 203 Turk st..\ near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly, irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments is»d; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
, home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 112! Market.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else, fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; .travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. :M. DAVIES. 59 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.: -
I ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It. also acts as a pre-
ventive, price $1 60 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS ' 33
Grant aye.. S. tF. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; Irregularities from any. cause re-
stored In one day, or no charge: restores
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma- ,
ternity home: best medical attendance; . low-
fees; cure, $5; pills, $1; when others fail.
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness aye., near
McAllister st.
NEW process; a great progress . In medical
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no ■ medicine --or Instruments
used;' restores In one clay without fail; every
woman , her * own physician; away, disgrace;
"consultation free: can be cent and used ' at
home: by the well known DR.- POPPER, 318
Kearny st. Call on a man physician.. -■
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate j
aye.. private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms i
moderate; infants. adopted Into good homes. ■
DR* WISE'S private sanitarium. 807 Jones St.. !
formerly of SOO Kearny and late of Belvlew
, Hospital,. N. V. ; d Teases of women; advice
free: experienced lady, attendant.' ■
A BOON to wives and mothers — price
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.: send '
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro -Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento,. Cal. .;_.:
ALPEAU'S French pills,. a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ;■ don't delay until too late.
■:' OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason St.: pri-
vate home In confinement: competent physi-
clans and nurses; trms. reas. Powelt-st. cars.
MRS. ARCHARD. midwife: home In confine- i
".-■ ment ; confinement alone $5. 156 Second st. - '
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister st. ;. ; diseases of
;■ > women and children. .-. .
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetx; Infallible, safe rem- j
■ fdlew. 88 years' <-xperle> •*•*■■ 25414 Fourth st. -
L_L '■■■..- - -i «^H" ■ . '-—
~~' ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ALL private low . cases. . insolvency,; collections,
free advice; open Atty McCabe;,lo3Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In -. advance.
A! 'VICE free '<■' on ' : all : legal •••■ matters, j- : T. F.
. Stack, 14 McAllister St., room; 64. .
ADVICE f free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927. Market St. •- j
';■/-.. . ; physicians." ; ,'.
DR. » C. C. O'DONNELL, office and . residence.
' 1204 Market; diseases of women V specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
$5000— Rent $57; Clementina St., near Second;
two 2-story buildings, one frame and the other
brick; lot £0x75.
$12,500— Bush St., near Broderlck; lot 100x137:6;
4 cottages of 0 rooms and bath each; rent $»0.
CORNER FLATS— WOULD EXCHANGE.
$5500— Modern flats on Taylor St.; rent $50;
always rented; mortgage $3000; will take a de-
sirable lot toward the Park for equity.
BUSH-ST. COTTAGE.
$33f.0— Bush St., near Devisadero; contains 6
rooms and bath; extra large lot, 30x137:6.
PAYS OVER 14 PER CENT.
$6500 — Natoma st., near Sixth; splendid 3-
story building; best building on the street; coal
yard ; flats above.
$11,000— Sacramento St., sunny side; lot 50x128;
near Scott St.; improvements, handsome 2-
story residence, modern and complete, contain-
ing 9 rooms, bath, etc.
$4000— Rent $44; near Fourth St.; 5 flats; front
and rear building; a good interest-paying prop-
erty; an offer wanted.
$5000 — Rent $67; Clementina St., near Second:
2 buildings, one frame and the other brick; lot
50x75 feet.
$16,500— Flllmore St., near Bush; lot 50x90 feet,
with improvements consistinK of stores and
flats renting for $132 50 per month.
$1500 — New cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
Diamond St.; large lot fronting on 2 streets;
terms $200 cash, balance in small monthly pay-
ments.
$300 CASH,
BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
$2450— Worth $3000; almost new cottage. 6
rooms and all latest conveniences; porcelain
bath; up-to-date plumbing, etc.; close to Castro
and Nineteenth sts.
HANDSOME NEW FLATS.
PAYS OVER 12 PER CENT.
$6500— Reduced from $7000; rents $'37 50; Hayes
6t., within walking distance of town; contain
6 and 7 rooms; all latest conveniences; lot 25
x 137:6.
$18,000— New modem resider.ee; best residence
1 section (north of California st.); containing 12
rooms and all the latest improvements; 2 large
> lots.
$2700— Clara St., bet. Third and Fourth: 2-
etory building; fiats of 4 and 6 rooms; rent $25;
lot 25x85; improvements in good condition; only
I $600 cash required, balance can be paid out of
the rents.
$7500— Business property; pays a high rate of
I Interest; larse corner lot; splendid new im-
provements; good business location in best part
! of the Mission; a snap.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
BIG 9—20 PER CENT "INSURANCE CUT.
BIG 9—20 PER CENT INSURANCE CUT.
GOOD PROPERTIES AT LOW PRICES, AS
IN THE DAYS OF 'SO,
$125, 000— Market st. ; 6-story brick and Iron
! building; lot 45x135 feet; pays 5 per cent net.
I $130,000— Grand corner investment; 100 feet
front; modern 4-story building; all rented for
almost $10,000 per annum; within block of Bald-
i win Hotel; mortgage of $SO,OOO can remain.
$48,000— Grand investment within 200 feet of
; Market St.; lot 35x137:6; block 'from Baldwin;
j rents about $200.
$30,000— Grand corner on Powell: old improve-
ments; few blocks from Orpheum; lot 6Sx7O.
f 16.<X>0 — Grand corner investment; 52:6x110 fe^t
: on Mason St.; good Improvements; must be
I soid.
$4,3,ooo— Corner, 137x137:6: brick and iron buIM-
; Ing; on Sansmne St.; rents $3300.
$75,000— Grand turner; 137:6x137:6 feet; within
I block of new ferry depot.
$150,000— Kearny St.; grand Investment; al-
| ways rented, Jlo.oOo' net; very fine irnprove-
i ments; will take good property as part pay-
| ment.
$50.000— Grand residence of 16 rooms; lot 275 x
137:6; on Broadway. n<»«r Buchanan; fine ma-
rir.e view; mortgage $45,000 (bank).
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
j 602 Market st.
■ MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath: large
i basement: $2650; $300 down, balance $20 month-
! ly. 2915 Bush st.
! 4 NEW, elegant 2-story houses; grand marine
view; 6 and 8 rooms, basements: $3600 and
$3800; lots 27:6x110; cash or installments; ou
Leavenworth St.. near Lombard.
45 FEET 10 Inches on Mission St. by 127% on
Spear. Inquire at 54G Clay St.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT saciifire; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vints; balance corn and
beans: Kood road: near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $SOO cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN. 153 Third.
' TO exchange for Mission improved property—
A beautiful 9-room residence near Univer-
sity, Berkeley; nice stable, windmill, tank-
house, cement walks, lovely laid out grounds;
; must be seen to be appreciated. Box 524. CaH.
TO exchange — Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H. EPSON. 12"? Rroadway, Oakland.
MUSICAL IXSTBIMEXTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
i in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
i $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. .
; ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, SS and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
: grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
I WE are offering some great piano bargains Ira
second-hand pianos; fine ones $155: others in
i proportion. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-IS-20
; O'Farrell st : Chlckerlng agents.
■ CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st. cor. Grant
i aye.. offer three ways to buy a pian«,: no
i trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
1 SOHMER A CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Brlgffs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
j no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
' AN Emerson piano, good for practice, $60; an-
other, $75; also elegant piano, $175. J. DEW-
ING CO., room 12, Flood building.
NEW pianos rented. $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st
j BEST goods: lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
! BARGAINS— SIOO. $125. $150; agency famous
Haines Bros. V. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
I GREAT bargains; Denker. Schubert. Steinway,
Neuman. others. Hornune's, 'Jhi McAllister.
I "AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllistei
St., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
: FINE Martin concert size guitar for 523. worth
! $45' a fine Conn B-flat cornet for one-third ita
value; $12. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
j FOR Sale— Ayrshire oow*j fresh, heavy milker.
GEO. BEMENT, Seminary aye., E. Oakland.
NO 3 Blake's Improved steam pump, with
hand power attachment; suction pipe 1 ! 2
Inch; discharge Hi inches; complete; ready
for use. Address R., box 3, Call office, Oak-
land. .
FOR pale — Columbia road racer, good order,
$30 or offer; also Italian mandolin, $18 60;
j cost $40; after 6p. m. 1612 Pacific aye.
i BARS, bark bars, mirrors, enow cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
i office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
! $ioo— CENTER-BOARD yac'.it for sale; nearly
new; masts, sails, oars; everything complete
i as she stands. Address box 475. Call office.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2 b^>wl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
S?i'"HMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
i DONKEY for sale; also saddle. Apply at 101
Spruce st.
! BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 614-516-518 Mission St.
! $67 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down, $3 per
month. 225 Sutter st.
1 LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
I goods; new 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
j J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer seoond-hand
I building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 78".
: BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery, Mc-
! INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont ft Howard.
' SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 033 Sacramento.
I SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
i GR APHOPHON ES, $10: Records, $5 per Aoz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and soM. K'fl3 Mission, n*»ar Seventh.
SEWIXG MA(H I N KS.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired! bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
DON'T LOSE THE CHANCE.
$1000 if sold this week— ls2 acres, 3 mile*
from Napa; good home; 5 rooms; barn, orch-
ard 2 acres; plenty of wood and water; make
finest chicken ranch in State.
$1000— 28 acres, U mile from town In Butte
County; good rustic house, 4 rooms; 2 small
barns. 225 fruit trees, small blackberry patch,
3 acres timber: balance land good for hay,
grain and potatoes.
An elegant home In citrus belt of Sonoma
County; orange, lemon and nut trees in full
bearing, also deciduous fruits; beautirul housu,
richly furnished, including new Chickering
piano that cost $550; will be sacrificed.
$5000—920 acres, Sonoma County; stock ranch;
cows, horses, hogs; farming tools; home. 6
rooms, furnished: barn; land all fenced; 50
tons hay ready to cut; corn, potatoes, orchard
and vineyard; we challenge the State tor a bet-
ter bargain.
Fine country ranch. 20 acres, In Sierra Ne-
vada foothills; fine place for summer board-
ers; took In $SOO in 5 months last season; 9-
room house; will exchange for East Berkeley
property, clear.
Wanted— Cl#ar Oakland, Alameda or Berke-
ley property for good clear ranches.
THE REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
FOR sale— Little home near Sonoma, Sonoma
Co.; 2 1 ,j. acres; 6-room house. Address A. H.
CHESSMORE, Sonoma, Cal.
MODERN cottage in Berkeley for exchange
for country property; near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7555, Call office.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— QOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Four nice properties, the biggest
kind of bargains, from $1500 to $3000.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
30-PAGED Illustrated catalogue free at E. E.
OUNCE'S. 908 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND HOTELS^^
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated; under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan; the table Is a special feature: meals 159
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co.. Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
BtJKNT 8-room house: central: nice grounds,
near trains; $50. Box D, Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
WANTED.
FOR three months furnished cottage of 4 or 5
rooms. M., box 5, Call office.
OAKLAKO ROOMS AND BOARD.
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and Ninth
sts. ; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates.
|
1 FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE L~mNE. 562 Eighth St.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladies' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills. 920 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAKD FURMTXRES FOR SALE.
FURNITURE a- 1 household goods this week.
SCHFI.LHAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
FOR Sale— Extra cheap; lot 120x126 and 5-room
modern cottage; high basement, floored; ce-
ment walks;- chicken house, garden, etc.; near
station; cost $5000; reduced to $3000 for imme-
! dlate scle; terms $700 cash. $2300 bank mort-
i gage. Apply to OSCAR S. MEYSEL, 1504 Park
St., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Five nice places from $2500 to $25,000,
near or on Charming way.
THE REYNOLDS CO..
Rooms 403-4 Examiner building.
I $22ipO— S-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE & . CODINGTOX, 2119 Stanford
place," opposite Berkeley Station.
$2.*)C0— 250 FEET frontage, with house of 7
rooms; only C blocks from university grounds;
a thorough' bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON,
Berkeley Station. . ■
BE RK EL E V ROOMS AND BOARD. __
NICELY furnished sunny suite with good
board; plain cooking: $50 a month for two.
MRS. X. C, Berkeley.
BANCROFT, 2247, ■ Berkeley— Sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms with board; fine view; five min-
utes to Berkeley station. ■ ,
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOAN 3 on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. .
$5 UP to any I amount ! en Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry: all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGA.N & CO.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. He-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery at., room 3.
HIGHLY, respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. : tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell «t.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or piano?, any amount;
lowest rates. 1 ' Becker Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 3d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.:
any Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furnltuie: ■:• no removal : lowest
rates: no com : private. 116 McAllister at.
, MONEY WAXTKI).
RESPONSIBLE business man wants $300; good
country security. . Box 406, Call office. /
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and bcrrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
STORAGE.
FURNITURE. tr-nk». etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse. S4O Mission St.; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.:
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South IG6.
' ' * " ; MARRIAGE. LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
•Joseph Sussain and Leonida Der1cc0.',......2«-lS
Michael P. Sutherland and Dora Hayes 2S-30
S. A. Wentworth and K^perine Comfort.. 3B-28
Gilbert S. Bryant and ; Maggie R." Carman.. 3l-28
Frank C. Wyckoff and Edith M. Decker... .26-25
Joseph Ramspbtt and Anne Flelsehmann.. 37-31
George Gelger and Mary He1nzmann....... 30-24
Frederick Marks Jr. and Laura Wetmore.. 24-19
John A. Egan and Ida R. Smith 22-17
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail v will not be . inserted. They must •be
handed in at either of . the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
V BORN.
BLAKELEY— In Redlands, , June 1. 1898. to the
■ wife of T. A. ; Blakeley, a daughter. -
CALLSEN— Near Bishop, Cal.. May 30, 1898, to
the wife of -Fred Callsen, a daughter.
FISHER— In Redlands. May 30, IS9B, to the wife'
-. . of Henry Fisher, a daughter. . ; •
HUSTON— In Jolon, May 21, IS9S, to the wife
; of George Huston, a son. •. - ;
MARTIN— In this city, June 4, 1898, to the wife
of George M. ■ Martin, a son, , ■;-.- I : :. '•■;•;
MITCHELL— In this city, April 25. IS9B, to the
wife of T. F. Mitchell, a son. .. ... '
RIORDAN— 5, IS9S, to the wife of Daniel
J. Riordan, a son. ■ ■
SANTA CRUZ— In this city, June 4, 1898. to the
: wife of T. H. Santa Cms, a daughter. .
SWOAPE— In -Ventura, June 1, IS9S, to the wife
■of Louis Swoape, a daughter. - ■--■:;■.•■
WALLACE— In " Poleta, -■ Cal.. June :1, IS9S, to
the wife of George L. Wallace, a son.
WYNNE— In X Redlands. May . 29, 1898, .to the
wife of Dr. S. Y. Wynne, a daughter. 1 \ ■
"MARRIED. V,
BEAN— RICE— In Weaverville, June.l, 1898, by
' J. W. Phllbrook. J. P.. L. C. Bean and Cath-
erine Alma. -Rice.' '. , ■ ; ; • ;■ . "r-.-
BEST— CASHBAUGH— Near Bishop, Cal.. June
1. 1808, by J. iE.-.Dunlap, J. P., George Best
and Mary E. Cashbaugtu
BOYLE— In Stockton. Cal., May 6, 1898.
George H. Burk of San Francisco and Mayme
E. Boyle of Manchester, Mendocino County,
Cal.
GEELHOED— In 'Bishop, Cal., May
31, 1898, by the Rev. J. L. Logsden, John L.
■ Casner and Barnardino B. Geelhoed.
DICKSON— WHITING —In San Bernardino,
June 1, 1898, by the Rev. Frederick V. Fisher,
Carl Harvey Dickson and Edith F. Whiting.
PRITCHARD— WARREN— San Bernardino.
May 31, 189S, by the Rev. F. V. Fisher, How-
ard M. Pritchard and Mabel Warren.
THOMPSON— In Salinas. May 29,
1898, M. F. Thompson and Luelle Howell.
diedl T~
Bareilles. Bernard McCarthy, William
Bissell. Mrs. C. McCracken. Dr. O.
Boecklen, Alfred McKenna. Kate . * .
Bolln. Jacob - Mahon, John
Brown, James : Murphy, Elizabeth
Brew. .Katie E. O'Connor, Thomas
Byrne, Thomas O'Keeffe, Thomas J.
Grainger, Letitia Olsen, Thomas W. -
Groeling, Theodore Roberts, John
Johnson, Julia A. . Selenco, Mrs. B. M.
Johnson, Otto Stevens, Captain C.
, Knowles, Isaac H. Thrum, John F.
Llljeblad, Fannie ••• Wlckenhauser, E.
Lynch. Patrick C. ' Williams. Helen
BAREILLES— In this city, June 7. IS9B. Ber-
nard Bareilles. cousin of Emile, Felecien and
, Thomas Bareilles, a native of France, aged
23 years. ..-..•.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to the French Church of Notre Dame de»
Vlctoires, Bush street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. : - : Tri-V •»
BISSELL— In San Jose, June 4, 1898, Mrs.
I Clarissa Bissell, aged 90 years and 7 months.
i BOECKLEN— In San Jose. June 4, 1898, Alfred
I < Boecklen, a native of Germany, aged 40 years.
BOLIN— In Oakdale, June 2. 1898. Jacob Bolin.
a native of Sweden, aged 74 years."
BREW— In Vallejo, June 7, 1898. Katie E..
beloved daughter of Ellen and the late Fran-
cis E. Brew, a native of Vallejo.
K7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
, (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her mother's
residence, York street, thence to the Church
of the Ascension.
BROWN— Near San Jose, June 5, 189S, James
F. Brown, a native of Santa Clara County,
aged 33 years and 1 montn.
BYRNE— In this city, June 6, 1898. Thomas
Byrne, beloved father of Rev. Joseph F.
Byrne, Michael J. and Henry T. Byrne and
Mrs. Albert R. - Pfaff, a native of Aughrlm.
County Galway, Ireland, aged 80 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1215 Point Lobos avenue (Rlchmend
district), thence to Star of the Sea Church.
Eighth and Point Lobos avenues, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. ! Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GRAINGER— In North Berkeley, June 7, 1898,
• Letitia, widow of the late William Grainger.
GROELING— In this city, June 6, - 1898, Theo-
dore Groeling, a ■ native of Trampke, Pom-
erania,' Germany, aged 54 years. . , ■
• B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the -parlors of,
I Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
j JOHNSON— In this city, June 7. 1898, Julia
A., dearly beloved wife of Samuel B. John-
son, 66 Palmetto avenue, aged 42 years 5
| months and. 13 days. ....'.
'. (CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co., 26 Mint
avenue, off Fifth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . ■.
JOHNSON— In this city, June 6, 1898, Otto, be-
loved husband of MargTette Johnson, and
father of Otto J. H. Johnson, a native :of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 71 years 4 months
and 3 days. - . . ■ ■ • ' •
(CRemains at the parlors of Halsted & Co.,
946 Mission street. . & ' ■'
KNOWLES— Stockton. June 3. i 1898, § Isaac
. Hazzard Knowles, a native of Rhode Island,
aged 75 years 9 months and 19 days. . .
| LILJEBLAD— In this city, June 6. 1898." Fan-
nie Llljeblad, a native of Sweden, aged 35
years. "; ;:: "T '.'
LYNCH— In Vallejo, June- 6, . 1898, Patrick
. Charles, beloved husband of Mary Lynch, a
native of County Wicklow, Ireland, aged 60
' years 2 months and 25 days.
' Friends' and acquaintances are ! respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence; corner of Florida and Santa Clara
street*. Vallejo, " thence to St. Vincent's
j ■ Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
■ will be said for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment St: Vincent's Cemetery. ■
1 MCCARTHY— In Saratoga, June 4. IS9S, William
I Thomas McCarthy, aged 42 years.
j McCRACKEN— In San Jose. June 4, 1898, Dr.
George McCracken, a native of Ohio, aged
73 years and 28 days. -
McKENNA— ln 'this city, June 5. 1898, Kate,
sister of Joseph and John A. McKenna,' a na-
aive of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 67 years. .
C7"The funeral will take place this day
' (Wednesday), ■at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence, 405 Laurel street, thence ■to St.
Dominic's ■ Church for services. Interment
private, in Mount Calvary Cemetery. ..-- '
j MAHON— In this city, June 5, 1898, John, be-
- loved • husband of Annie Mahon. and brother
of William Mahon, and uncle of Delia, Pat-
rick and Martin Smith and Mrs. John Kelly,
a native of County Westmeath, Ireland, aged
59 years. . ' .
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect •'
* fully invited to • attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 142% Clara street, - thence ■to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. .". .
MURPHY— Oakland. June 7. 1898. Elizabeth
Murphy, mother of James Murphy, a native
' of Ireland, aged 57 years. ■
O'CONNOR— this city, June 7, 1898, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Catherine O'Con- .
nor, and father of Mamie, Katie, William.
• Nellie and James O'Connor, .a . native . of
! County Louth, ■ Ireland, aged 52 year*. ■; -
O'KEEFFE — In Llvermore. June I, 1898. Thomas
; J. O'Keeffe. father of Charlotte J. O'Keeffe.
a native of Boston. Mass., aged 52 years 2
i months and 24 days. =-7.-v--i
E^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
OLSEN— In this city, June 7, IS9B, Thomas
William, beloved son of Thomas and Carrie
Olsen, and brother of Jennie and Lizzie
, Olsen, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
months and 6 days.- : i • -. • . ; '..
C 7 Notice of funeral hereafter. •'■_ ■
ROBERTS— In this city, June 6, 1898, John,
beloved husband of the late Mary « Roberts,
and father of Dan, Patrick and Joseph Rob-
erts, Mrs. Joseph Demartini and Mrs. P. C.
Morton, a native of KillorgUn, County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 68 years. '  •
ETFrlend 0 : and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
1 dence of his son-in-law, 11.I 1 . .C. Morton, 1130
Bryant street, thence to kt. -Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, . commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount ; Calvary
Cemetery-
SELENCO— In San Jose, June 4. . IS3S. Mr».
Blaca M. de Selenco, a native of Mexico, aged
i 56 years. ' , .
STEVENS— Died suddenly at sea. June 3, I*9B,
Captain Charles M. Stevens of the steam-
ship Oregon, beloved husband of Ellen Stev-
i ens, and father of D. W. and C. D. Williams.
' Mrs. A. Sutherland and Mrs. H. Selenger. a
native of Russia, aged 50 years. ; . ; . ;
THRUM— this city, June 6. 1898, John P.,
beloved husband of Mary Thrum, father of
Horace G. Thrum, brother of Mrs. 'D. Day- .;■
ton and Mrs. Charles Willington. and
brother-in-law of Captain James A. Hamilton,
a native of Australia, aged 57 years 7 months
and 12 days. ..
. (C^Friends and acquaintances are ■ respect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
• dence, 3027 ' Steiner street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. < - - . ;
WILLIAMS— In this city. -June 7. 1898, Helen,
dearly beloved and only daughter, of Emma
and -the late Thomas Williams, a native of
' San Francisco, aged 6 months and 3 days.
WICKENHAUSER— In this city, June 4,-1838.
Edward, beloved husband of Kate Wicken-
hauser, father of May and Edward Wlcken-
■ hauser, ' son of Mrs. S. and the late F. Wlck-
j enhauser, and . brother of Mrs. H. • Miller of
New . York, Mrs. Kate Hagan and Fred and
Josephine Wickenhauser, a native of San
Francisco, aged 34 years 7 months and 19
days. (New York and Buffalo, N. V., pa-
pers please copy.) . .' ■ ■ . .-.••-
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 r o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother, 3 ■ Chatham place, : off
Bush street, between • Grant • avenue -- and
I Stockton, thence to Native Sons' (Hall, where
services will be held at 2' o'clock. .Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. 'V .
N ' S. G. W.— The members of National . Parlor
■No 118, N. S. G. W..- are hereby : notified to
assemble at Portnla Hall. N. S. G. W. build-
ing, this day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock,
to attend' the funeral of our late brother.
Edward Wickenbaueer. . . .
.WILLIAM G. BARR, President.
W. V. DOUGHTY. Secretary.
' ST DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
- elation— The . regular ' monthly requiem ■ high
mass for the deceased ■ member* of the above
1 association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
'■- In St. Dominic's Church, ■ Bush and Steiner
I • streets, ; this day (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock.
! .'Friends are Invited to attend. .'" " .
IMcAVOY 5- GALLAGHER.' : > ', 1
FUKERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM I
lit IIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln 3ea«»i. -;"- J
- Telephone, South 80. l " |
.. -, ■• H. is. m'avot. ManagerT~^^^^^^j
AIcAVOY «fc CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3, I
1236 Market St.. between Bth and tf;h. I
'■ Telephone. Boutb 847. <■ ,* -■' |
Estab. 1868. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs, -
\ 22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, spacious chapel for the «m
. of cur patron*. Rubber tire* on our ambulaaee.
1314
THOUSANDS
OF ACRES
AT STAKE
The Valentine Fortune
in Litigation.
A NEW YORK BROTHER SUES
LIGHT ON THE AFFAIRS OF THE
BICH PRINTER.
A Legal Battle Over the Rancho
Corte Madera del Presidio
in the County of
' Marin.
One of the most Important land Bults
filed in Marin County for years Is that
of M. B.Valentine of New York againsi
Jennie A. Valentine and S. D. Valen
tine. It is a claim to an undivided half
of 1300 acres known as the Rancho
Corte Madera del Presidio.
Defendants axe executrix and execu
tor respectively of the will of the late
Thomas B. Valentine, founder of the
well known San Francisco firm of
Francis, Valentine & Co. Plaintiff is a
prominent lawyer and ex-Judge In New
York. His attorneys are Messrs, Grant.
Mullany and Cushing of this city!
Speaking of the case yesterday Mr.
Cushing said:
"The suit calls for an undivided half
of an undivided fourth of the well
known Rancho Cort^ Madera del Pre
sidio, Marin County, which consists of
more than 1300 acres; also of such por
tions of the original tract as may have
been conveyed by the late Thomas Val
entine to his wife in his lifetime to
gether with plaintiffs share in the is
sues, rents and profits of the lands in
question.
"The land was bought by Thomas B
\ alentine in 1868 from one Bolton Our
contention is that half the purchase
money was advanced by M. B. Valen
tine, the title being put in the name of
Thomas B. Valentine for good and law
ful reasons. We hold that the late
Thomas B. Valentine held half of the
lands in trust for his brother, and this
fact may be shown hereafter by proper
documentary evidence, though the ca«e
may not develop along that line "
PROTESTS WITHDRAWN.
Local Merchants Willing the War
. ship Should Go to Manila.
The remark has been made by some of
the people at Washington that the Pa
cific Coast merchants and manufactur
ers are hard to please, and that they
want everything in sight in the way of
commercial advantages. These remarks
were caused by the fact that on many
occasions the several bodies of the West
have demanded their rights when they
thought that jobbers of the East were
getting more than their share of the good
things that were going, and the Eastern
communities getting better and more fa
vors from the Government than those of
tho West. That the Western people do
not want the earth is manifest by a little
correspondence that has recently passed
between this city and Washington. The
annexed dispatch and answer were re
ceived and sent yesterday by the Cham
ber of Commerce of this city:
Washington, June 6, 1593.
Hon. Hugh Craig, President Chamber
of Commerce: I think the people of Cal
ifornia should protest against sending
from the Pacific Coast the Monterey
Monadnock and all other armored war
vessels. GEORGE C. PERKINS.
San Francisco, June 7. IS9S.
Hon. George C. Perkins, United States
Senate, Washington, U. C: We protested
on the 12th of April. In the meantime
Dewey has acquired for California a new
outlet for our energies, employment for
our shipping, business for our merchants
and opened a colonizing future for Amer
icans beyond our most ardent expecta
tions, and we of San Francisco will hold
nothing back which may be of service
to the administration, even to our jeop
ardy. HUGH CRAIG.
President Chamber of Commerce.
E. Scott, secretary of the chamber, said
that when the Spanish fleet was at large
In the Pacific the members believed that
the commerce in the western ocean was in
danger, and it was because of fear the
Spanish admiral might take a notion to
run over to this coast and pay the cities an
unwelcome visit, that the first protest was
made against lighting ships iHMiurrrmoved
from those waters. Since Dewey cleared
the Pacific in the manner he did of the
Spanish there Is less cause for fear than
before. Still, while the war is In pro
gress, danger is not all passed. Said he:
"When the War Department decided to
Bend the Monterey and the other war
ships to the Philippines the officials no
doubt knew what they were doing, and
they were satisfied that this coast was
comparatively safe. It would ill become
us. who are to receive so many benefits
from the recent movements on the part
of the Government, to make further pro
test against what the Government be
lieves to be a necessity." From the po
sition taken by the members of the Cham
ber of Commerce It is apparent that the
local business men believe that the hold
ing of the Philippine Island*) will be of
great benefit to the people of tn.s State.
In fact, such has practically been ad
mitted. To secure the trade that Is sure
to flow Into this port from the Philip
pines they are willing to get along with
out the protection from Uncle Sam s war
ships than they would demand under dif
ferent circumstances.
HIS LEG BRUISED.
Earl J. King Injured in an Elevator
Accident.
Earl J. King, an elevator boy employed
at Webber's music store, at 225 Sutter
etreet, bud a narrow escape from being
kilted yesterday afternoon. For some rea
son the boy climbed on top of the cage.
and pulled the rope. Instead of lowering
the elevator, as be intended, he found
himself going upward. K.vUlzlng he bad
pulled the wrong rope he b-came "rat
tled" and started to jump through tbe ele
vator door. His left leg was caught In the
floor and severely bruised. The screams
of the injured boy attracted tho attention
of the clerks in the music store and they
went to hie assistance. He was extricated
from his perilous position after consider
able trouble and removed to the office. A
doctor was hastily summoned and he
dressed the Injured leg. When asked by
his father why he had climbed on top of
the elevator cage the boy answered that
he had seen his predecessor "do the name
trick," and that, be was anxious to try It.
Again Changes Its Name.
Tho California Mortgage and Savings
Bank, which will henceforth be known as
the Germania Trust Company, filed arti
cles of incorporation yesterday. A short
time ago the bank reincorporated under
the name of the German-American Bank,
but at the inntance of. the .German .Sav
ings and Loan Society an injunction was
granted by Judge Ilebbard prohibiting
the bank from using that name. Whether
the German Savings ami . . Loan Society
■will bring another action to prevent the
new incorporation from using the name
"Germania" remains to be seen. The dl
rectors are Ernest Denicke. Ernest F.
Tamm. McD. R. \>nabl«, E. W. Steele
RndAntonioTognaz7.ini.
Immigrants for May.
During the month of May 294 immi
grants arrived at this port. Of these 76
were Japanese and 65 were Portuguese.
They brought coin to the value of $10,887. j
ABBOTT'S
ACCOUNTS
CORRECT
Santa Rosalia Mining
Company's Mistake.
SAID COIN WAS EMBEZZLED
ACCUSED A TRUSTED EMPLOYE
AND BUSINESS ASSOCIATE.
Difference Between Mexican and Uni
ted States Money, However, Was
Responsible for the Mis
understanding.
About three months ago a suit. Innocent
! enough in the wording of the complaint,
| but formidable in the amount it sought to
| recover, was filed in this city by the San
' ta Rosalia Mining Company against Au
gustus Abbott, one of the stockholders
i and Its former superintendent. The suit,
i however. It is now determined, meted out
j an injustice to the defendant, and its in
stigation was solely due to the fact that
j the directors of the plaintiff corporation
were either in Ignorance of or did not
: stop to consider the fact that Mexico is &
silver standard country and that two of
its dollars equal only one of the coinage
I of the United States in the commercial
world. Since the directors of the mining
corporation have been apprised of the
fact they have dismissed the suit against
; Mr. Abbott, the dismissal being prompted
by the fact that they ha 4no suit to pros
ecute, as their books balanced to the cent
with those of their former superintendent,
who was immediately exonerated when
the comparison was made.
Abbott was the trusted employe and
business associate of the officers of the
company for about three years in the
management of one of the richest mining
properties owned in San Francisco— and
It was not until several months after his
retirement from the position of superin
tendent that the management determined
that suit for the recovery of a large
amount of money must be instituted. The
directors were of the opinion that they
had dug up a deep plot, that irregularities
existed in Abbott's accounts and that he
had left on a tour abroad for the sole
purpose of remaining out of the reach of
processes issuing out of California courts.
That Abbott was absent there could be no
doubt, and owing to this fact suit for the
recovery of $.10 000 was filed against him
and an attachment was issued against j
13.600 shares in the mining corporation, of
which he was owner, held in escrow by
the Bank of California and on the secre
tary's books. No service on Abbott was
made, but he became cognizant of the
facts of the case while traveling, and he
informed his attorney, Colonel W. P.
Harlow of Nogales, Arizona. Abbott was
nonplussed at the action of the directors,
but he continued on his trip, trusting to
Colonel Harlow to see that the complain
ants were properly apprised of the facts.
Colonel Harlow has completed his labors
in behalf of Abbott, has apprised the di
rectors of the facts of the case, ha* re- '
ceived their word that the former snpo'r- !
Intendent does not owe one cent to the !
corporation and is now on his way home, j
"The facts of the transaction and cir- i
cumstanois that so startled the directors I
of the corporation are these," said Colonel
Harlow last evening. "Mr. Abbott was
placed In charge of the mining property,
and he went to Mexico to see that its j
development was properly conducted, and j
it was his desire to obey the laws of Max
ico instead of his wish to disobey the '
laws of the United States that led to the
suit being tiled against him. The laws of
Mexico make it necessary to keep the !
books of all corporations in Spanish. This i
being the fact, when the income from the
mine was balanced it was placed in the
books in figures representing its value in
coin of the realm in which it was pro- ;
duced. For instance, one of the items on
the Mexican book* that roused the sus
picions nf the directors was one of $44,000,
representing a like number of Mexican
coins of that denomination, while the
books of the directors only credited the
output of the mine with $22,000, half the
amount placed to its credit by its super
tnt.-ndent on his accounts. Many similar
condition! were found to exist." and the
directors, when they received the books
from Mexico, immediately concluded that I
a shortage existed. Mr. Abbott trusted to ,
the knowledge of the directors regarding !
the difference of monry values to set I
tln-m right regarding the accounts, but '
in their anxiety to protect themselves !
against loss they did not stop to consmer
the condition of affairs.
"Tn the meantime. Mr. Abbott had ar
rived from Mexico and. after marrying
one of Oakland's belles, started on' his
wedding tour. He went to Mexico and ,
then started a tour of the United States i
It wss the tour of his honeymoon that !
too?; him away from the cfty and his !
business which led some of the directors ;
to believe that he was traveling solely to '<
escape summons in th» act, on which has '
been filed against him. He learned of the I
suit, however, and instructed me to care I
for his Interests and Investigate the al- !
legations of the directors. This I did !
Two months ago I went to Mexico and !
Investigated the books of the company i
still remaining there, and learned of the !
output of the mine. I soon became ac- !
ciualnted with the condition that had led i
to the misunderstanding, and returned to I
this city. The matter had In the mcant'me
been placed in the hands of James Me- '
Nabb by the directors for settlement and
together we went over the books of the
company. An expert accountant was .-m
ployed. and when he had concluded his
labors it was found that there was not '<
one cent due from my client. To corrob- I
orate this statement. T have in my pos
session a receipt from the company for all
ltß demands against Mr. Abbott The
matter, which created considerable sur
prise at the time, has nroven to have been
based on a film of circumstances which
if the directors had investigated would
have disappeared without even the trouble
incurred by the filing of a complaint for
money thnt was not due."
ST. PATRICK'S BAZAAR.
A Very Successful Entertainment Is
Given by the Golden West
Booth.
The ladles' minstrel entertainment and
dance for the b^fflt of St. Patrick's
grand bazaar, given nt Native Sons' Hall
last evening.. proved a success both from
an artistic and financial standpoint. The
affair was given -under the auspices of the
Golden West: Booth.* NAN A handsome sum
was -netted by the projectors, and the fol
lowing ladles, who had charge of the ar
rangements, wero greatly pleased with
the result of their laoors: Reception com
mittee—Mrs. Ryan. Miss Jennie Byrne,
Miss A. Lequlme, Miss Maggie Cava
nagh. Miss Nellie Oakes. Miss Tessie
Smith and Miss Kate Leary; floor direc
tor. Miss Annie W. Wcsthaus;" assistants
-Miss May_HJggins,- Miss Etta O'Brien.
Miss Belle O'Brren. Miss Jeannette Fin
£- V, *©■ i? ssle Finnic. Miss Mamie
W ells. Mrs. Sheehan and Miss Kittle Mc-
Shane. _ *■ - -
The programme was carried out under
the direction of Miss A. W. Westhaus
and T. O. Eggert. Miss A. Hovne acted
as conversationalist, and the Misses Jen
nie Finnic, Kittle MoShane. Tessie Smith.
Nellie Oakes. Mamie Wells, Jeannette
i. lnn ft ' Mamie Sh.>ohan and Kittle Sar
dle handled the bones and tambourines.
The several numbers on the programme
which was a lengthy one, were very ac
ceptably rendered by Miss W P West
haus. Nellie Oakes George Cheeney. little
Roßle ;■ Benhani, Mamie Sheehan ' Jack
Cathcart. Mrs. M. F. Brennan ' Te<sl!»
Smith. Ella O'Brien. Jeannette ' Finnic
Je.«t=le Finnic Dave Finnic, Cora Fiske P
Dunworth. Mamie Wells, Ben Tarb'ox'
Kittle McShone. George Ryan and Belie
0'8rien.. ,,,;.
She Seeks a Divorce.
Josephine Smith filed a suit for divorce
from her husband. Milton Smith, in the
Superior Court yesterday afternoon As
a cause of action the plaintiff alleges de
sertion.
THE SAN FRAIN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 8, 1898.
ARTISTS WILL AID SOLDIERS.
The presence of our army has kindled such a feeling of patriotism among
artists and art students that they have given their best work for the exhibition
and sale to be held under the auspices of the Press Club Saturday afternoon
and evening, June 11.
The idea of the benefit was at first conceived of by N. Clark, who at once
appointed the following committee of assistants: Mrs. A. W. Scott, Annabel
I,ee and Caro Cook. Together these ladies have labored, and now there is no
end of art treasures in the pink room of the Press Club building, awaiting the
coming artistic festival. Hera all varieties of art are represented— wood carv
ing, etching, china, painting, illustrating and poker drawing, in fact, every cre
ation that the master of the brush and palette idealizes or that the modeler in
clay interprets— has been solicited.
Governor Budd yesterday expressed himself as being heart and soul with
the movement. He said: "Nothing but sickness will prevent my being with you
Saturday, and even in that event I shall be with you in spirit."
So far all of the art schools in the city have been represented, including work
by students from the Hopkins, Lfitlmer, Jorgensen, Solly Walter and Partington
schools. The members of the Press Club will furnish the refreshments, and
Frank Coffin is preparing an excellent musical programme. The pictures that
remain from the afternoon sale will bo auctioned off by S. M. Shortridge in the
evening.
SAY THEY
HAVE BEEN
SOLD OUT
Democrats Complain
of Neglect.
IMPROPER REPRESENTATION
DISTRICT SOUTH OF MARKET
WAS OVERLOOKED.
Probability That the State Central
Committee Will Decide Against
Fusion With the Populists
and Silver Republicans.
The rebellion In the ranks of the local
Democracy, caused by the manner in
which the new City and County Com
mittee ha 6 been foisted upon the party,
gains strength as the days go by.
When the McNab-Gould-Alford com
bination elected to reform the Demo
cratic party of San Francisco and to
appoint a committee of political "high
Joints" of their own selection to take
the affairs of the party in hand in the
interest of Mayor Phelan there went
forth a murmur of disapproval from a
majority of the Democrats in the city,
none c-f whom had been taken into the
confidence of the professional reform
ers. Since the action of the trium
virate has been considered in connec
tion with the Mayor's alleged assertion
that he had decided to turn his back
on that part of the Democracy that
casts its votes in the districts south of
Market street this murmur has grown
into a roar that threatens to engulf
those responsible for the present con
dition of things.
The investigation that has been
made during the past few days shows
that those Assembly districts which re
turned Democratic majorities at the
last general election are given but a
very small percentage erf representa
tion in the new City and County Com
mittee. This percentage is so small,
in fact, that they have an aggregate
of only twenty-seven members in the
committee, while the districts which
returned Republican majorities have
a total representation of seventy-three.
The banner Democratic district in
the city is the Thirty-first. At the last
general election this district railed up
a Democratic majority of 919. The
Democrats living In this district be
lieved themselves entitled to much con
sideration when it came to the selec
tion of the men who are to have the
authority to direct the affairs of the
party. Unfortunately for them the dis
trict is situated on the Bouth side of
Market street, and, being so, was not
considered eligible to more than a
whisper in the councils of the reformed
Democracy. The district was given
two places on the City and County
Committee.
On the other Bide of Market street is
the Fortieth Assembly District, which
at the last general election returned a
Republican majority of 809. From this
district seventeen aristocrats were se
lected to serve on the City and County
Committee. The Twenty-eighth, Thir
ty-second and Thirty-third Assembly
districts were given one committeeman
each, although at the last general elec
tion they returned Democratic majori
ties of 379, 405 and 174, respectively. On
the other side of Market street the
Thirty-seventh was given thirteen
committeemen and the Thirty-ninth
eleven, although they are both Repub
lican districts.
The Democratic State Central Com
mittee, content with its marvelous paci
fication of the party in this city, is
making preparations for a stormy ses
sion next Saturday. The question of
nxing the time and place for the hold
ing of the State convention is to be de
cided, and the decision will hinge upon
the question of whether or not the
party will fuse with the Populists and
Silver Republicans. There seems to be
a general feeling against fusion among
the Democrats throughout the State,
and the same is true of the local Dem
ocracy. The party leaders believe that
fusion tends to weaken the party as a
party, and that thousands of old line
Democrats who always vote the party
ticket straight under any and all cir
cumstances consider tht-msHves at lib
erty to wander from the straight and
narrow path as soon as the ticket
ceases to be a party ticket and becomes
a fusion ticket. They also say that
a desire for fusion is a confession of
weakness.
A glance at the following table will
show why a majority of the Democrats
in the city are kicking against the new
order of things:
Assembly District.
*i
Co
c r>
at
•a
to
2
3?
2 I
a f
S"
a
." 3
I .
Twenty-eighth
Twenty-ntntl
Thirtieth
Tlilrry-flrst ,
Thirty-second
Thirty-thlr.l
Thirty-f.mrtli
Thirty-fifth ...
Thirty-sixth '.".'.'.'.'.""
Thirty-sevent ii
Thirty-eighth
Thirty-ninth
Fortieth
Forty-first '.'.'.'.'!'"
Forty-second
Forty-third .'..'. '"
Forty-fourth
Forty-fifth
379
731
510
919
405
174
74
'~m
ISO"
160 I
339
571
; 80S
*39
593
334
173
1
I
2
2
1
1
4
7
4
13
7
11
17
3
7
1
9
.......
"i4n'
Totals
Commlttrtnen f r ..r:i I >.-m..<-r:iti,> Districts 27
Comniltfemen from Republican Districts 73
It will bo Been that the only excep
tion to the general rule was in the
Forty-fifth Assembly District. This is
accounted for by the fact that this is
McNab's district and the nine men who
were appointed from the district are
his personal friends. Even this excep
tion is a poor one, for the district is
on the north side of Market street and
the Democratic majority Riven at the
last election was a small one.
There are others who hold a con
trary view and contend that the point
to be attained is the acquisition of
votes, the manner In which they are
secured being but a secondary consid
eration. Such men as Nathan Cole Jr.
and A. Caminetti are ministers of this
doctrine, and are doing all in their
power to brine: about a general ac
ceptance of their views. They are sup
ported by such of the Populists as be
lieve that half a loaf is better than no
bread. They R P s«rt that it is better to
side with the stronger party on the sil
ver question, and incidentally to ac
cept such of the minor offices as may
be doled out to them as a sop to their
loss of dignity, than to be martyrs to
principles that are fast becoming to be
considered questionable
The Populists of the Cator following,
who are indignant because of the at
titude of the Democrats regarding the
primary election law, »as well as the
treatment they received at the hands of
their allies after the last general elec
tion, are doing everything within their
power to prevent fusion during the
coming campaign. They hope, by
standing nlone, to secure the balance
of power in the next Legislature and
thus be in a position to force Demo
crats and Republicans nlike to yield up
some of the good things.
From present indications It seems
crrtnin that the Stote Central Com
mittee will deride against fusion and
that the convention' will not b^ hold
until some time Jn August or the early
part of September.
THE REFEREE BEAT HIM.
Jack Ennis Defeated by Billy Otts at
the Jefferson Athletic Club.
The JofOrson Athletic Club gave Its
monthly boxing entertainment last even
inß in Mowry's Hall and a fairly good
crowd was present. The preliminaries,
which were rather tame, created but lit
tle interest. They consisted of throe and
ff T Ou r, r ? und b °uts between C. Conway and
J. McDonald, Mortimer Meyers and J.
Hayes, A. Hennlng and J. O'Connor and
Joseph McDonald and E. Wiley.
The event of the evening was an right
round contest between Elll'y Otts and Jack
I-iiiiils, which should certainly have been '
a victory for Erfhis, but the referee. John
McCormlck, is either totally ignorant of
the rules of boxing or else ho went into
the ring with the Intention of awarding
the fight to Otts unless Knnis scored a
knock-out, which performance he came
within an ace of accomplishing.
Excepting the first and fourth rounds,
which were ended in favor of Otts. Ennis
bad certainly the better of the six rounds
fought and the very least- he should have
been entitlod to was a draw.
During the contest Referee MeCormiek i
favored Otts by throwing his entire j
weight on Ennis when separating the
contestants, thus proving beyond question I
that he was In favor of Otts winning the
mill. If the Jefferson Club will tolerate
this system of refereeing fights it can be
safely said that the members will soon
grow weary of the game and allow the
club to die a quiet death. ' k
HOW TO RIDE
IN THE PARK
New Rules Adopted by
the Commissioners.
FOR DRIVERS AND BIKERS
A LIBERAL LICENSE GIVEN THE
PUBLIC.
Simple and Practical Directions by
Observing Which People May
Escape Arrest, Fines and
Imprisonment.
At a special meeting of the Park
Commissioners held yesterday after
noon, Commissioners Joseph Austin
and A. B. Spreckels present, the safety
and convenience of the public were
considered by the adoption of the fol
lowing rules, which will be of the
greatest interest to all cyclists, drivers
and the people in general:
Section 1. Bicycles, tricycles, velocipedes
and vehicles of similar character may be
ridden or driven over any and all the
driveways in Golden Gate Park and. on
and over the boulevard or great highway,
except the driveway around Stow Lake
and the driveway leading up to Straw
berry Hill and the carriage concourse ad
jacent to the concert station and the
speed road and the main drive where par
alleled by the bicycle road.
The exclusion from the carriage con
course aforesaid is limited to the after
noons of days when there is music at the
established concert station.
Sec. 2. All persons are prohibited from
riding or driving any bicycle, tricycle or
velocipede on or over any of the lawns or
footpaths in Golden Gate Park, except
said vehicles may be led over the short
walk leading from Page-street entrance
to the south drive, and also over the walk
leading from the corner of Fulton and
Stanyan streets to the North Ridge ropd.
Sec. 3. Not more than two bicycles, tri
cycles or velocipedes going in the same di
rection at the same rate of speed shall be
ridden abreast.
Sec. 4. All vehicles named in this ordi
nance must be driven in a straightaway
course aa nearly as possible, and must
not run or be driven crosswise, curving to
or fro. Wheelmen must conform to the
customary rules of the road. In meeting
a vehicle going in the opposite direction
they must pass on the right-hand side. In
passing a vehicle going in the same direc
tion they must pass on the left-hand side
Sec. 5. Wheelmen may ride their ma
j chines on the walk running along the
south of the speed track. Also on the
walk commencing at or near Thirty-fifth
avenue, i! extended on the north drive
and terminating at about Forty-eighth
avenue, if extended.
Sec. 6. On days on which music is played
in Concert valley the speed of bicycles on
the main drive, between Stanyah street
| and Sixth avenue, shall be limited to six
miles an hour.
Sec. 7. All persons are prohibited from
; riding, pushing or driving any bicycle, tri-
I cycle or similar vehicle along the main
i drive where the bicycle path parallels said
! drive.
Sec. 8. All persons are prohibited from
traveling on the road known as the bicycle
path, except they be riding or leading a
bicycle, tricycle or similar vehicle.
Sec. 9. All person are prohibited from
riding or driving any bicycle or similar ve
hicle at a greater rate of speed than ten
miles per hour or one mile in six minutes.
Sec. 10. Any person who shall violate
any of the provisions of this ordinance
shall )ip doemcd guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction shall be punished by
a line of not less than five dollars nor
more than five hundred dollars or by im
prisonment in the County Jail for not less
than five days nor more than six months.
Among other business at the meeting
of the commissioners the resignation of
Irving' M. Scott, heretofore announced
exclusively in The Call, was accepted.
It was also decided to build a number
of sheds at the end of the speed track to
accommodate horsemen who drive valu
able animals over that course. Heretofore
horsefl were liable to t;iko cold after
sprinting over the track, but the innova
tion will obviate the danger, as it will
allow owners to blanket and house their
animals until cooled off.
A bridle path will soon be added to the
many excellent improvements in the Park.
Plans and specifications were examined
by the commissioners and it is probable
that orders will be issued in a few days
for the beginning of work on the path.
COOKS INLET HAS
NO CUSTOM-HOUSE.
VESSELS CANNOT GET CLEAR
ANCE FROM THAT PORT.
The Only Revenue Official Left That
Place Last Fall and No One
Knows When He Will
Return.
According to the story told by the map
ter of the schooner Thomas S. Negus the
Treasury Department would do well to
appoint a Customs Inspector at some
known or easily discoverable point in
Cooks Inlet, Alaska. There Is a rumor in
the department at Washing-ton that there
is such an inspector in the inlet, but the
rumor is unfounded.
The Negus arrived from Cooks Inlet yes
terday, after taking some mining outfits
to that point. Before leaving the schooner
was unable to clear through the Custom
house at that place for the reason that no
Custom-house could be found, and while
there were plenty of seals there there was
no officer to put them on paper or even on
board. The Inlet is a very large body of
water, with a very long seaboard with nu
merous bays and Inlets. On March 31 the
Treasury Department Issued a circular
stating that the location of the Custom
house at the Inlet was Saldonia. This cir
cular was not received at the San Fran
cisco Custom-house until after the vessel
left for Alaska and the captain oTthe N>-
Kus, of course, was not advised of it. The
schooner made her first call at Coal Bay,
formerly known as Kashomaok Hay. Sal
donia is supposed to be upon this bay, but
the master was unable to find from any
one there that there ever had bern a Cus
toms otfioer at that point. He next called
at Staritchkof. where he found only na
tives, who could Impart no information of
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
For st, MICHAELS, DAWSOTanTI
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
\ THE STEAMER :
-.. % ." • ■;■ ■. ■ ' ■■ ■ • '■ . '. '„ ■;.-..■ .. .  \ y
■ ' BBJHB aBJOBi BBBBi Bm BOBi .— NJ .
S-A.ILI3STC3-
SATURDAY, June 11, Witho u a t 11 .
Fop freight. and passage apply to the
JOBNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., Agents.
TICKET OFFICE 609 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JO-JJ VXIrV I I F> r/ IYI * i t ni a
FIVE^
SPECIAL
VALUES
IN
SILKS, SURAHS, CHALLIES, ORGANDIES AND
DIMITIES.
75 pieces NEW WASH SURAHS, best quality, large
variety of styles and colorings, full 24 inches in width.
50c Yard.
22 pieces EXTRA QUALITY PLAID TAFFETA SILKS, 21
inches wide, all new styles, Swiss manufacture. k 'i -^
$1.00 Yard.
• - ;
60 pieces BEST QUALITY FRENCH PRINTED CHAL-
LIES, light and dark grounds, latest importations. "■..
372 C Yard.
150 pieces PRINTED FRENCH ORGANDIES, elegant
floral designs, all new goods.
25c Yard.
ZOO I ctPQe
200 pieces PRINTED IRISH DIMITIES, very latest styles,
warranted fast colors.
25c Yard.
ALL THE ABOVE LINES OF GOODS ARE
ON EXHIBITION IN OUR DISPLAY
WINDOWS.
- - ■ _
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Customs officers. The next call was at Ku
silof, at which place the superintendent of
the cannery informed the skipper that
there was a Customs official at Tuyonic.
The skipper, not willing to leave Alaska
without clearance papers, sailed to Tuyo
nic, where he found that a Customs In
spector had bcon stationed, but that that
officer had left for Seattle in the fall of
1897. and that he had not returned.
The Negus landed her passengers at Tu
yonic, and the master of the schooner
Rattler informed him that there was no
Customs Inspector at Salfornia, the Rat
tler having just left that port. There is
no Salfornia in Alaska, and the Rattler's
skipper no doubt meant Saldonia.
Under the circumstances Collector Jack
son exonerated the master of the Negus
from all bin me for having left Alaska
without clearance papers. The Collector
will call the attention of the Secretary of
the Treasury to the necessity for a Cus
toms Inspector in the frozen north.
TWO NEW PRIESTS.
Ordinations to Be Held To-Day by
the Bishop of California.
The Trinity ordinations, which last year
were held at San Mateo, will occur this
morning at the Cathedral Mission of the
Good Samaritan, and Rev. Edward Mor
gan, who for a year has acted as assist
ant rector of the mission, and Rev. David
Charles Gardner, assistant of St. Ste
phen's Church, will be advanced to the
priesthood. The Bishop of California will
officiate, and Rev. Messrs. Warfleld and
Kip will be the presenters. A large num
ber of Episcopal clergy will assist. The
sermon will be preached by the Rev.
George Wallace of San Mateo. Rev. Mr.
Morgan will soon leave for work in an
Eastern diocese. He has greatly endeared
himself to his parish by his faithful work
among the sick poor.
Unpermitted Cargo.
Collector Jackson has been instructed by
the Secretary of the Treasury to deny the
request to allow "unpermitted cargo" to
remain upon the wharf In case of any ves
sel which does not belong to a regularly
established steamship line.
While this order restricts the privilege
to vessels of regularly established steam
ship lines it is not held to prevent grant
ing the privilege to the Southern Pacific
Company for merchandise arriving in
transit, as the cars belong to a regular
line and are considered vessels when
bringing "In transit" poods.
Want War Bonds.
The people of this city are just begin
ning to awaken to the fact that they have
an excellent opportunity to invest their
spare money in safe securities, the new 3
per cent war bonds that the Government
has recently authorized. Books for sub
scriptions were opened on Monday morn
ing at the First National Bank "and by
the time of closing about $125,000 had been
subscribed. While many were for the
larger denominations. $500 and $1000 still
many availed themselves of the chance to
invest in bonds of from $25 up. Yester
day the rush commenced in earnest and
when the bank closed the amount sub
scribed was something over $400,000. So
far the largest single subscription was for
$50,000. While the bonds are being bar
gained for at par value it is very likely
that as soon as the complement is filled
they will be at a premium. The total
issue will be $300,000,000.
May Have Attempted Suicide.
Rose Williams, who gives vapor baths
for a living at 1217 Market street, was
taken from her room by Sergeant Dono
van and Officer O'Keefe and sent to the
Receiving Hospital for treatment. The
woman was in a stupor, and showed signs
of poisoning. The usual remedies were
applied by Dr. Frank E. Fitzgibbon, and
she was put to bed. Up to a late hour
she had not gained consciousness. A
further search of her room disclosed a
letter addressed to Fred Burger, an em
ploye in the Baldwin Grotto. In it she
reproached him for his cruelty in desert
ing her, and ended with words of forgive
ness. It is not thought likely that she
will recover, as she is weak and emaci
ated.
Last Night's Fires.
While some employes were bottling
liquors at the establishment of Samuel
Brothers, 132-134 First street, last even
ing sealing wax used in the operation
caught fire and was the origin of a $200
blaze.
At 8:30 o'clock an alarm was turned in
from box 356 for a fire on the Lombnrd
street wharf. It Is supposed that c. fish
erman left a lighted cigarette on one of
the stringers and the wood became ig
nited. The loss was nominal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HIS SaTAWC T*SK.
HIS SATANIC TASK
•
lis studying Spanish just now. He
| needs It in his. business. We have
I studied everything that we could need
in our business long ago, and are past
masters of the art of making a cuff,
collar or shirt look like new till it is
j worn out. • The color of linen laundered
here is white as a snowflake, and our
domestic finish is unapproachable.
United States Laundry, office 1004
Market street. Telephone, South 420.
TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE
OF
Genuine T)TTiT<C<
ORIENTAL itUlxij
BY AUCTION
TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
June 7th and Bth. at 2 P. M., at
106-108 GRANT AVENUE.
sacrifice before departing for the Eait 8 ** *"*
I H. H. REED, Auctlonow.