VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 149.
MATANZAS BOMBARDED
FIRST BATTLE WON
The Spanish and
American Fleets
that are expected to
meet in deadly com
bat off the Philippine
Islands to-day.
DEWEY'S FLEET
SAILS TO CAPTURE
THE PHILIPPINES
Governor-General of Manila Is
sues an Abusive Proclama
tion Calling to Arms.
LONDON, April 28. — The Hongkong correspondent of the Times
says: The American fleet, headed by the flagship Olympia, sailed at
2 o'clock this afternoon direct for Manila. The British cruiser Immor
alite will follow the American squadron.
Copyrighted. IS9R. by James Gordon Bennett. |
HONGKONG, April 27.— The Gov
ernor-General of the Philippines has
issued the following proclamation:
"Spaniards: Between Spain and \
the United States of North America '
hostilities have broken out. The mo- j
ment has arrived to prove to the
world that we possess the spirit to
conquer those who, pretending to be
loyal friends, take advantage of our
misfortune to abuse our hospitality,
•using means that civilized nations
count unworthy and disreputable.
The North American people, consti
tuted of all social excrescences, have
exhausted our patience ana provoked
war by their perfidious machinations,
their acts of treachery, their out
rages against the laws of nations
and international conventions. The
•trug-gle will be short and decisive.
The god of victories will give us one
as brilliant and complete as the
righteousness and justice of our
cause demand. Spain, which counts
upon the sympathies of all nations,
will emerge triumphant from this
new test, humiliating and blasting
VIEW OF THE CITY OF MATANZAS, CUBA.
The San Francisco Call
the adventurers from those United
States that, without cohesion, with
out history, offer humanity only in
famous traditions and ungrateful
spectacles in her chambers, in which
appear insolence, defamation, cow
ardice and cynicism.
"Her squadron, manned by for
eigners possessing neither instruc
tion nor discipline, is preparing to
come to this archipelago with ruf
fianly intention, robbing us of all
that means life, honor and liberty
and pretending to be inspired by
courage of which they are not cap
able. American seamen undertake,
as an enterprise capable of realiza
tion, the substitution of Protestant
ism for the Catholic religion, to treat
you as tribes refractory to civiliza
tion, to take possession of your riches
as if they were unacquainted with
the rights of property, to kidnap
those persons they consider useful to
man their ships or to be exploited in
agricultural and industrial labors.
Vain design! Ridiculous boasting!
Your indomitable bravery will suffice
to frustrate the realization of their
designs. You will not allow the faith
SAX FRANCISCO, THUHSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
you profess to be made a mockery or
impious hands to be placed on the
temple of the true God. The images
you adore, thrown down by the un
believing aggressors, shall not prove
the tombs of your fathers. They shall
not gratify their lustful passions at
the cost of your wives' and daugh
ters' honor nor appropriate property
accumulated in provision for your
old age.
"They shall not perpetrate these
crimes, inspired by their wickedness
and covetousness, because your valor
and patriotism will suffice to finish
this base people that is claiming to
be civilized and cultivated. They
Continued on Second Page.
NEW YORK, PURITAN
AND THE CINCINNATI
SILENCE THE BATTERIES
KEY WEST, Fla., April 27. — Admiral Sampson this afternoon bom
barded, silenced and pretty well destroyed the Spanish batteries in position
and in course of construction at the entrance of the harbor of Matanzas.
He did it with the flagship New York, the monitor Puritan and the cruiser
Cincinnati. Not one of the American ships was struck, the Spanish gun
nery being wild.
I have no means of knowing the number of dead and wounded on
the Spanish side. It must be considerable.
While the New York, Puritan and Cincinnati were reconnoitering in
force for the purpose of locating and destroying the formidable defenses being
constructed, the flagship was fired on by the batteries on Point Rubal Cava
and Point Maya, guarding the entrance to the harbor.
The New York replied with her forward eight-inch gun on the
port side, steamed boldly in between the batteries and was soon blazing
gage. It was given and she soon began firing her guns at the fort on the
west side of the bay.
The batteries fired explosive shells and most of them fell wide of
the mark. One burst just beyond the stern of the New York and a shrapnel
shot exploded above her.
It took the three ships just eighteen minutes to reduce
the batteries*
After waiting for the Spanish to renew the engagement the ships
withdrew, leaving both batteries in ruins.
THE BATTLE IN DETAIL.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by Jamea Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD~the Herald-
Call Dispatch Boat Sommers
N. Smith, via Key West, April
27. — When Admiral Sampson,
on the flagship New York,
left this cruising ground to
day to pay a visit to Matan-
zas and Cardenas he had
made up his mind that some
thing had to be done with
the very aggressive Spanish
artillerymen who were man
ning batteries out that way.
They had fired twice on the
torpedo-boat Foote and were
very busy erecting fortifica
tions and placing guns in po
sition. At Matanzas the New
York found the monitor Puri
tan and the cruiser Cincin
nati, that have been blockad
ing the port
Admiral Sampson
decided to make a re
connoissance in force
for the three=fold pur
pose of locating the
batteries, discovering
the kind of guns they
mounted, and, if pos
sible, stopping the
work of fortifying.
Matanzas lies at the head
of a bay, about four miles
from the sea. This bay at its
mouth is three miles wide.
On the west side of the bay
is Point Rubal Cava and on
the east side Point Maya.
These points have very slight
elevation above the sea, but
the configuration of the har
bor is such as to give bat
teries on them a command
PEICE FIVE CEXTS.
away with both
broadsides at them.
The Puritan steam
ed in behind the
New York and en
gaged the fortifica
tion on Point Maya,
while the New
York went to star
board close up to
land and poured her
shells into Rubal
Cava.
The Cincinnati,
which hadremained
well astern, under
orders, signaled for
permission to en-
ing position.
Stretching back from these
batteries are towering hills,
and it is believed guns have
been mounted somewhere
there concealed by shrub
bery.
The New York led the way
into the bay of Matanzas.
The Puritan was a few hun
dred yards astern on the port
side and the Cincinnati re
mained behind a slightly
greater distance astern on the
starboard side. Lines drawn2
TIGHTENING THE
CORDON AROUND
CUBAN COASTS
While the Blockade Is Becoming
More Effective tfye Condition
of the Poor People of Ha
vana Is Pitiable.
Copyrighted. ISfIS; by James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD HERALD-CALL DISPA !H BOAT ALBERT F.
DEWBT, WITH BLOCKAIgNG SQUADRON OFF NORTH COAST
OF CUBA (via Key West), April 27.-*- Since the capture of the Pana
ma nothing of startling importance has happened off the Cuban
coast. The net is being drawn tighter about the beleaguered island,
and it would now. require a genius indeed to thread his way through
the blockading lines with my sort of craft and make port between
Pinar del liio and Santiago de Cuba. Several fishing smacks were
picked up yesterday and last night, but in every case were released
with the admonition that recapture would mean forfeiture of all
rights. Several coastwise trading schooners have been captured and
released in order that they may carry instructions against any
further .att --npts at business of that nature.
The two Spanish army officers whose capture was reported to
the Herald and Call yesterday were taken aboard the flagship and
then released and permitted to return to .Havana unier a flag of
truce, carried in a small boat. I attempted to learn more of this inci
dent, but found that Admiral Sampson had given instructions that
it should not bj discussed. From him, however, I learned that the
Spanish officers carried a communication to General Blanco fix.n the
admiral. I was yesterday permitted to glance at a letter that has
been smuggled from Havana to a gentleman aboard one of the ships
patrolling the coast. In it the writer said the Spanish an . officers
and men were sev in their determination to fight to the bitter end.
N<me oi taetn expressed any doubt of what the end must inevitably
be. They will be content, it was said, if the Yankees secure a vic
tory dearly bought. They talk of Cuba as surely -ost to fc.jain, and
ure planning for their return to take up an ccupation more profit
able than has been soldiering in Cuba. Although this lette* as writ
ten Bey ral days prey ous to the time of the departure from Havana
of John . oiffo, whom I interviewed aboard the English steamer Lu
clll:.e, .the writer told the same story of suffering and distress among
torer classes. He said that the first effect of the blockade, which
had just been commenced, was to cut off all charity. Those who had
been feeding reconcentrados and poor people generally foresaw the
near approach of that time when hunger would menace them and
were husbanding every resource.
He wrote, too, of the practical cessation of business. Only the
provision stores made a pretense at doing business and by orders from
the palace they were selling in small amounts !y. Foraging par
ties were sent out Friday morning, and large herds of cattle which
*•• leen kept in Pinar del Rio, Havana and Matanzas provinces were
ordered driven in tovard Havana, where they will no- be kept
closely -"ur-rded by soldiers when allowed to graze. All information
concerning the insurgents had been shut off. Havana papers were
being censored more carefully than ever.
'' was imn< ;sible to know what was going on in the eu. tern pro
vinces. Morro Cast' continues testing its guns, and last nisrht the
batteries on each side of the harbor awoke the echoes all around the
g.ilf by firing testing charges. However, the oj aniards of Havana
have not shown tfieir teeth, the only shots fired from Morro or neigh
boring batteries have been blank, or at most the practice has been
of a sub-caliber nature. This is stated on the authority of an officer
aboard a ship that for five days has hugged the Havana shores.
from ship to ship would have
made an almost perfect tri
angle.
Just astern of the
Cincinnati was the
Herald=Call dispatch
boat Sommers N.
Smith, under com
mand of Commodore
William Bazzell and
Captain Frank Dunn,
the only newspaper
boat in the gulf to be
within twenty Miles of
the engagement.
From the deck of the Her
ald-Call boat not a human
being could be seen on any
of the ships. The crews
were a!l at quarters ready for
the fun to begin.
Nor could any living object
be descried on shore. The
bay and shore .of Matanzai
were like the land and waters
of No Man's Land.
At a few minutes of
1 o'clock there was a
puff of smoke from
the east shore and an
8-inch shell whizzed
toward the New York
and fell short.
Scarcely had the report
died away than another puff
of smoke floated from the
point on the Maya side and
easily blew away. This shell
also fell short.
The range to the
east battery was
nearly 7000 yards,
but the flagship
promptly opened fire
with one of her 8-inch
guns and in a few min
utes the engagement
was general andshore
and bay were cov=
ered with wind=blown
smoke, while the hol
lows between hills
roared with the can
nonading.
Continuing to cut loose
with her guns, starboard and
port as well as fore and aft.
the New York steamed quick- 1
ly in and circled around to
the westward toward Point
Rubal Cava, while the Puri- i
tan swung to starboard to en
gage the Maya batteries.
Those Maya batteries were
more formidable, and the fire
from them was more fre
quent, but the shells fell
short.
The New York ignored
these batteries after a min
ute, and proceeded to pay all
her attention to the battery
on Rubal Cava, which was
being pushed to completion.
It was a beautiful sight to
see the target practice of the
New York. A big balloon of
smoke would suddenly rise
from her side. The eye, fol
lowing the direction of the
shot, would see an instant
later a great cloud of dust
and fragments of concrete
and mortar fly high in the
air. Then would come the
roar of the piece, sullen and
heavy.
The New York had soon
reduced the range from 7000
to 3000 yards and was toss
ing shells into Rubal Cava at
the rate of about three a min
ute, wi.h wonderful pre
cision and apparently great
destruction.
In the meantime the Puri
tan was taking care of Point
Maya. It was a long shot to
that battery. It was so well
masked that the only target
was the infrequent smoke
from the battery. But when
the Puritan got the range her
shells burst every time with
in the fortification, and great
was the explosion thereof.
High up in the air
would go the cloud of
a Spanish fort in
atoms, looking for all
the world like the ex
plosion of a magazine
of brown prismatic
powder.
Viewed from the deck of
the Sommers N. Smith the
Puritan was doing fully as
much harm on the east side
of the bay as the New York
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. AFRTL 28, 1398.
was doing on the west side.
All this time the Cincin
nati had remained out of .the
action. One can readily im
agine the distress and impa
tience of Captain Chester and
his enthusiastic crew at not
being allowed to take a hand
in this first engagement of
the war with the Spanish.
Presently Captain
Chester signaled for
permission to engage
and it was granted by
the flagship.
The Cincinnati, in leSs
time than it takes to write
it, steamed up to within 2000
yards, broadside on, and be
gan to let fly with her guns
at the batteries. The New
York was just giving the sig
nal to retire when one defi
ant shot was fired from Rubal
Cava.
It was the last shotj
that battery was ever
to fire. One of the big
guns on the Puritan
fired back, Itwasthe
best shot of the day.
It struck the battery 1
Just where the gun|
was, tore its way into
the earthworks and
exploded, doing great
destruction.
Captain R. J. Machugh, an
artillery officer of the British
Army who was a spectator of
the engagement from the Her
ald-Call boat, said it was one
of the best shots he had ever
seen made.
Having practically demol
ished the Spanish batteries,
the ships stood out to sea.
Not a shell had
struck one of them,
but there had been
three narrow misses
on the New York.
The Spanish fired a shrap
neil once which had burst
over the ship, a shell had
struck just fore of her and
another struck just aft.
The fact that the Spaniards
failed to strike such a large
target as the New York, tow
ering, as she does, like a
house out of the water, was
evidence that they are not
good marksmen.
On the other hand,
every shot that the
New York fired after
she got the range was
pitched right into the
batteries.
It began at 12:^7 and ended
at 1:15.
In point of time the engage
ment lasted just 18 minutes.
The Herald-Call dispatch
boat rounded the fleet after
the engagement, and not a
single casualty was reported.
The Puritan and Cincinnati
were left on guard at Matan
zas, and the New York re
turned to her old position.
All told the United States
ships fired 86 shots at the
forts. This is by actual count
from the Sommer N. Smith.
The forts fired probably 2$
shots.
The bombardment devel
oped that the largest pieces
mounted by the Spanish at
Matanzas are 8-inch guns,and
the best opinion is that there
is not more than five or six
guns there.
But far more important than
the destruction of Matanzas
batteries is the conclusion
about the future which may
be drawn from the bombard-
■ment.
This conclusion is
that Havana is abso=
lutely at the mercy of
the United States fleet
whenever we choose
to open fire.
Sampson to-day, with guns
which amount to less than
one-tenth of his fighting force,
silenced the batteries in 18
minutes. He steamed right
REAR-ADMIRAL SAMPSON.
FAST CRUISERS
TO SEARCH FOR
SPANISH SHIPS
Five of UQcle Sam's Vessels to Be
Sent After the Enemy's Men
of-War and Merchantmen.
NEW YORK, April 27.— A "Washington special to the Herald says:
Five fast scouts will soon be traversing the Atlantic on the lookout for
Spanish men-of-war and Spanish merchantmen. Two of these, the
Minneapolis and Columbia, are now at sea on this duty, and they will
be followed in* the course of a day or so by the St. Louis and Harvard.
I learned to-day that the hasty conversion of the St. Louis and New
York into auxiliary cruisers was the result of a recommendation n--.de
to the Navy Department by the War Board.
In view of the desire of the board to have ships available for imme
diate service it was determined to equip ' each with only four 6
pounders. Not only were' the batteries reduced to a minimum, but to
save time instructions were sent to Captain C. F. Goodrich, command
ing the St. Louis, and Captain C. S. Cotton, commanding the Harvard,
to employ their men at sea, if necessary, in mounting the guns. It
is expected that orders will be given, to these vessels now at Tomp
kinsville to proceed to sea in search for Spanish men-of-war as .soon
as the department learns that the latter have left their present an
chorage. The St. Paul will be ready in a few days.
Ketir-Admiral J. G. Walker, retired, has applied to the Navy De
partment for an active command afloat. At this time there is no va
cancy for him, and Secretary Long announced to-day that he had no
intention of appointing a commander-in-chief of the several squad
rons stationed along the Atlantic coast. I understand that the depart
ment has practically determined not to assign to sea duty, for the
present at least, any retired flag officers.
Much to the relief of naval officials a telegram was received to
day by. Captain Charles O'Neil, chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, from
the California Powder Works, announcing that the Government's in
terests had not been affected by the explosion of the powder mill
which took place yesterday at Santa Cruz, Cal. The mill which ex
ploded was used for the manufacture of black powder.
The hospital ship Solace will leave Norfolk on Monday to join Ad
miral- Sampson's fleet now off Havana. ' Few cases of sickness among
the men on board the ships in the fleet have been reported up to the
present.
in on them, as close as he
could get, and not one of our
ships was touched. What is
to be said of a gunner that
cannot hit a mark as big as
the New York 2000 or 3000
yards ay/ay ?
The incident has great
ly encouraged the naval
officers, and they believe
that when they bombard
Havana they will destroy
all the defenses in about
one hour.
WORKS AND
MEN GO UP
ON BOARD flagship New York, off
Matanzas, April 27, from Herald-Call
correspondent (via Key West). — The
bombardment of Matanzas, the first
important hostile act of war, began
half an hour ago, at 5 minutes past 1
o'clock in the afternoon. The first shot
was fired from the New York's eight
inch gun amidships* on the port side.
It is under Cadet Boone. The harbor
of Matanzas is protected from sea by
a long low strip of land covered with
managua.
On this point a battery has been
placed, and for the. last few days the
officers of the Puritan and Cincinnati
have observed me* working on the
ramparts and placing guns in posi
tion. This fact was reported to the
admiral, and the bombardment of to
day was to clear the point of this fort.
When the call came to general quarters
the flagship was 4000 yards off shore.
The Puritan was about 1000 yards
further out on the New York's port
side and the Cincinnati lay still an
other thousand yards out, moving
slowly to the starboard of the ship.
Admiral Sampson and Captain Chad
wick were on the forward bridge
throughout the bombardment. The
bullseye at which the first gun was
trained was a long rampart of yellow
earth about 200 yards long. With a
glass it was quite possible to see
groups of men moving about upon it.
The first shot fell about a hundred
yards to the right of this bank, and
the managua bushes were thrown up
into the air in a cloud of yellow sand.
The second shot came from one of the
8-inch guns in the forward turret,
which is under command of Lieutenant
Frank Marble. It fell at the extreme
edge of the point 200 yards to the left
of the fort, but its sister gun followed
it like a reverberation of the first and
struck the fort fair in the center with
a projectile twenty-five inches long,
weighing 250 pounds.
The earthworks rose in the air like a
geyser of muddy water and the work of
many men for three days was demol
ished as completely and as suddenly
as though an earthquake had swal
lowed it up. How many of those men
were demolished with the earthworks
or what guns were dismantled it was
impossible to see. Simultaneously with
this third shot a battery in a fort on
the further side of the harbor opened
on the warships, and guns from all
parts of the ship returned the fire. It
was impossible to keep count of them.
The smoke as it drifted back over the
ship's superstructure and between
decks made it almost difficult to tell
which of the shots had reached the
shore.
Not more than five or six shots from
the forts came near the flagship. One
shot fell about a hundred yards to the
stern, another fell short by a hundred
yards and a shrapnel shell broke almost
overhead. There were no casualties
among the seamen. Of course the fact
that the ship was prepared for this and
stripped for action, and that every un
necessary piece of iron work and wood
work had been removed accounted for
the little damage done by the concus
sion of her great guns.
This was the first one of our greatest
warships which has gone into action,
and it was Interesting to note the per
fectness of discipline that obtained.
Officers gave their orders in voices
hardly raised above that of every day.
The men laughed when the shots struck
home, but there was no cheering nor
greater show of excitement than at
practice. At the same time the deck of
the superstructure heaved, and where
your correspondent stood on the for
ward bridge back of the turret the con
cussion of her guns made the ear drums
tingle, and the smoke filled the mouth
and nostrils of the officers and dimmed
their eyes so that it was for a second
at a time impossible to see or speak.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 27.— The re
sult of the engagement created the
greatest enthusiasm among officers and
men, and increased— if that is possible —
the desire to take a crack at Morro
Castle. Within ten minutes after the
engagement had ended the special dis
patch boat was alongside the New York
and congratulations were extended to
Admiral Sampson, who returned his
compliments. He requested the Smith
to carry the official dispatches report
ing the battle to Key West. So it
was the Herald and Call that brought
the news to President McKinley, as
well as to millions of readers.
Spanish Craft Sails Suddenly.
April 28.— The correspond
ent of the Daily Telegraph at Gibraltar
says: "I have just arrived to-night
from Algiers (on the west side of the
Bay of Gibraltar). The Spanish tor
pedo-boat destroyer Destructor de
parted in hot haste, I learned, after re
ceipt of a telegram and had not re
turned at sunset. All kinds of rumors
are current and the British cruiser
Charybdis is suddenly leaving to
night."
DEWEY'S FLEET
SAILS TO SEIZE
THE PHILIPPINES
Continued From First Page.
have exterminated the natives of
North America instead of giving
them civilization and progress.
"Filipinos, prepare for the strug
gle, and, united under the glorious
Spanish flag, which is covered with
laurels, fight with the conviction
that victory will cro-sen your efforts,
and to the calls of your enemies op
pose the decision of Christians and
patriots and cry 'Viva Espana!' "
Other proclamations promise sum
mary death to any one proposing
submission, proclaim martial law
and the requisition of every capable
Spaniard for military service.
O. F. Williams, late Consul at
Manila, who arrived yesterday, went
on board the Olympia.
Prior to sailing for the Philippines
yesterday Commander Dewey assem
bled the commanders of his squadron
and discussed the information sup
plied by Mr. Williams. The com
manders, having received their or
ders, returned to their ships, which
were already cleared for action.
The squadron sailed at 2 o'clock,
the Olympia and Baltimore leading
the two-column formation line ahead,
with the transports last.
The Governor-General's proclama
tion was sent to each ship, where it
was read to the crews. The band was
playing as the ships headed for
Manila. Alijandrino, former insur
gent leader, accompanied the squad
ron to take over the command of the
rebels.
Her Majesty's ship Immortalite
follows to protect British interests.
LONDON, April 28.— The Hong
kong correspondent of the Daily
Mail says:
"United States Consul - General
Williams, after spending the even
ing ashore with Consul Wildman,
accompanied the American squad
ron. Thirty insurgent leaders here
wanted to accompany it, but Chief
Aguinaldo went as their representa
tive. He will take charge of the in
surgents at Manila. Admiral Dewey
has issued strict orders that no bar
barous or inhuman acts are to ba
perpetrated by the insurgents. The
primary object is the capture of the
Spanish fleet, which Admiral Dewey
thinks more important than captur
ing Manila. He is determined to
prevent its preying upon American
vessels. On reaching Manila he will
demand its capitulation within half
an hour of his arrival.
"His men are in the best spirits
and excellent health. There have
been nine desertions, including six
Chinaman, one Italian and one Ger
man,' during the fleet's stay at Hong
kong. Every preparation has been
taken. The ships are cleared
painted for battle, and the general
opinion is that the fight in these
waters will resuit in an easy victory
for the Americans. Her ships carry
122 guns as against ninety-six of the
Spanish fleet.
"The co-operation of the American
fleet with the rebels has been kept a
strict secret. The latter await the ar
rival of the fleet, wlien Manila must
soon succumb. Its defenses are in a
wretched state.
"The Americans in the Philippines
are anxious to see British rule estab
lished there and the report has been
favorably received. The Manila press,
on the contrary, says there is great
enthusiasm among the population fcr
Spain, and that an obstinate resist
ance will be offered to the Americans.
But the papers qualify their bold al
legation by referring to the phleg
matic character of the natives, which
prevents any excited expression of
opinion.
"These journals say, too, that tre
treason of a few hundred or a few
thousand rebels does not affect the
virtue of the race, and they haughtily
add that the Philippines -will prove
worthy of Spain.
HAYTI HAS SHOWN
HER FRIENDSHIP.
NEW YORK. April 27.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Hayti
has shown her friendship for the United
States by agreeing to pay, at a time
when she could have avoided doing so,
the claim of Bernard Campbell, an
American, who was maltreated at Cape
Haytien in 1889 for his refusal to enter
the Haytian navy. Under the agree
ment, reached to-day by Solicitor of
State Penfield, representing the United
States, and Minister St. Leerer, repre
senting Hayti, the latter will pay to
Mr. Campbell on June 1, $5000, and on
June 1, 1899, $5000 with interest for one
year at 5 per cent. Hayti has not yet
issued a neutrality proclamation, but
this is daily expected, as is also one
from San Domingo.
Fabulous Wealth.
The "Incalculable mineral wealth" of newly
found mining regions largely run by syndicates
and promoted by transjx>rtation companies is
In too many instances really a fable. The
products of Industry in legitimate fields of
enterprise nearer home are far surer and
promise more stable rewards. No one will go
unrewarded in the matter of improved health
who 'use reeularly Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ten for malaria, dyspepsia, constipation,
biliousness, etc.
Dru^Sst CATARRH
for a generous -*^a><
1 0 CENT Bte^&'/iV-'S ;SH
TRIAL SIZE. K§|^^olS
E L V ' S , , KJ** f VJ & ■&§ M
CREAM BALM R* /WA
contains no cocaine, mer-BStog**^^ S<X'M
cury or any other injurious fe*>H^^j^s%^
It opens and cleans the^A^^AsW
Nasal Passages. Allays -_, n .  m- ■ n
Pain and Inflammation Pf! fl _UC A fl
Heals and .Protects the fill PA
Membrane. UU LU ill II LflU
Restores the Senses of
Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
relief at ™\c». 60 eta at Dru*r&>sts or by mall:
Trial Rlfcv.iOc, at Druesists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren St.. New York.
■^OEWDr.STRONi&CO.,^^ '
XBST33O MARKET ST. S.F.SPAIN'S
VESSELS
MUST GO
Ordered Away From Cape
Verde Islands by
Portugal.
If the Ships of the Dons Are Sent
After the Oregon They May
Run Up Against a Disa=
greeable Surprise.
SPAIN'S FLEET TO
LEAVE ST. VINCENT
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. VINCENT, Cape Verde Islands, April
27.— The Admiral commanding Spanish squad
ron in this port received important cipher dis
patches from Madrid to-day. While even the
officers of the squadron have been kept in ig
norance of the contents of these dispatches the
general belief is that they contained the long
looked for sailing orders.
It is expected that the fleet will move out to
sea during the night, or at least in the morn
ing. AH signs indicate that the flagship will
give the signal foi* starting within a very
short time.
Immediately after receipt of the dispatches
from Madrid the few officers who had been
successful in obtaining shore leave were has
tily called to their ships. On the cruisers and
torpedo vessels there is unusual bustle and
excitement.
NEW YORK, April 27.— A Washington spe
cial to the Herald says: It is announced semi
officially to-night that if Portugal does not de
clare her neutrality speedily she will receive a
diplomatic reminder.
XFW YORK, April 27.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: At last the mystery of the
whereabouts of the Spanish battle-ship
Pelayo and the armored cruiser Carlos
V has been solved. While the Pelayo is
peacefully plowing her way toward
Cadiz the Carlos V is cruising alone the
European coast hunting for American
prizes to offset those picked up by the
North Atlantic squadron.
Official information to this effect has
been received in Washington, and as a
result an easier feeling prevails in ad
ministration and naval circles. Further
than this, the officials have learned, I
understand, that the Spanish fleet at St.
Vincent will sail to-morrow. This
movement will undoubtedly be the re
sult of the neutrality proclamation
uhich Portugal is expected to issue
within the next twenty-four hours. So
skeptical have the officiah become of
what r-.eem to be reliable reports that
they will not believe the fleet has gone
until an official cablegram announcing
its departure has been received from
the American Consul at that point. As
the Herald stated, the officials will be
glad and sorry at the departure of the
Spanish fleet from its present anchor
age — glad because it will minimize the
possibility of capture or destruction of
the American battle-ship Oregon and
gunboat Marietta, and sorry because the
departure of the Spanish fleet from St.
Vincent means that it will disappear
from telegraphic communication and
that information concerning its where
abouts must come from merchantmen
and scouts. Two of these scouts, the
Minneapolis and Columbia, are now at
sea, and three — the St. Louis, St. Paul
and New York — will be ordered to sea
within a few days. It is expected that
the commerce destroyers will remain
at sea for some days, and. as the Herald
has stated, their instructions are to as
certain the whereabouts of Spanish men
of-war and privateers and to seize any
Spanish merchantmen which they may
meet.
Considerable satisfaction is felt by
naval officials over the fact that the
Spanish fleet is still divided. Infor
mation that the Pelayo, instead of pro
ceeding to the Cape Verde Islands on
April 17, as was reported, went to Car
thagena, where she received her final re
pairs. She is now returning to Cadiz,
where the second torpedo flotilla, con
sisting of eight torpedo boat deatrov
crs and torpedo boats, the iron battle
ship Victoria and three auxiliary
cruisers, besides several small gunboats.
is anchored.
It is not known what disposition will
be made of this fleet, but it is supposed
that some of the smaller vessels will be
retained on the coast, while the torpedo
destroyers and torpedo boats will
re-enforce the force now at St. Vincent.
Suc)i re-enforcement will probably be
effected at the Canary Islands. 700 miles
from Cadiz and 876 miles from St. Vin
cent, and the necessity of combining the
two fleets make the officials believe that
when the force at Cape Verde Islands
sails it will proceed to Teneriffe. It is
possible the torpedo boats may be or
dered back to that point, while the ar
mored cruisers will be sent to intercept
the Oregon.
It was learned by the Navy Depart
ment to-day that the battle-ship Oregon
and gunboat Marietta arrived at Punta
Arenas on April 17. The report of their
arrival came from the American Min
ister at Montevideo, who reported that
the steamer arriving there from Sandy
Point stated that she had left the Amer
ican men-of-war coaling.
The orders to Captain Clarke Com
mander Symonds, of these two vessels,
directed them to take on sufficient coal
to reach the West Indies, but the au
thorities have learned that their coal
supply is short, and it is expected they
will put into Rio Janeiro within the
next few days. At least two days will
elapse, the officials expect, before the
Oregon reaches Rio Janiero, and she
will remain there three days taking
coal on board. Three days more will
be required for her to make the distance
to San Rogue, where it is expected the
Spanish men-of-war will lie in wait for
her, provided that be their plan. They
will exhaust considerable coal in cruis
ing around awaiting the coming of the
American ships, and besides lav them
selves open to a dash from the Amer
ican fleet. Within the next week the
authorities will probably have formed
a fleet of armor-clads, upon which the
main reliance of the country must be
placed, and should it be ascertained that
the Spanish armored cruisers are seek
ing the Oregon a surprise may be in
store for the Madrid Government which
will undoubtedly seriously cripple its
navy.
THE TEMERARIO OFF
FOR MONTEVIDEO.
Troublesome Spanish Torpedo Gun
Vessel has Left Argentina
Waters.
Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, April 27.— The
Spanish torpedo gun vessel Temerario
has left Argentina waters, and has
gone to Montevideo. I have been un
able to ascertain whither she will sail
from there. Twenty officers of the
army in Montevideo have requested
that they be dismissed from the ser
vice. They wish to offer their ser
vices to Spain and they do not desire
to do anything that might be looked
upon as compromising the neutrality of
their country.
The Herald's correspondent In Rio
Janeiro informs me that a great many
of the sailors of the Nichtheroy, recent
ly purchased by the United States from
Hrazll, have left the ship because of
the dissatisfaction with the comman
der. Another crew, however, has been
procured to take the places of those
who left.
The Herald's correspondent in Rio
Janeiro also informs me that the Bra
zilian Minister of Foreign Affairs has
requested the Minister of the Navy to
order the Nichtheroy to leave Brazilian
waters.
STEAMSHIP ALLIANCA
CHASED BY A GUNBOAT.
NEW YORK. April 27.— A special to
the Evening World from Colon, says:
The steamship Allianca, from New
York, arrived here safely to-day. She
reports that on Sunday last, while six
miles off Cape May, a Spanish gunboat
headed toward her and gave chase.
The Allianca changed her course, and,
after a run, the gunboat gave up pur
suit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
ONE REGIMENT
AGAIN UNITED
For the First Time in
Years the First Cavalry-
Is Consolidated.
Practice Drills on the Historic
Civil War Battlefisld at
Chickamanga.
Regulars Getting in Readiness for In
vading Cuba and Battling With
Spaniards.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK,
Ga., April 27.— With the arrival at
Chickamauga of the Sixteenth Regi
ment of Infantry from Fort Sherman,
and Spokane and Boise Barracks to
morrow night all the troops ordered
here, save one or two companies of
cavalry from remote posts, will be on
the grounds. Troops A and I, First
Cavalry, from Fort Huachuca, Ariz.,
Joined their regiment in the Dyer field.
This is the first time in years that the
regiment has been together, and the
event was celebrated by wild cheering.
Troop B, First Cavalry, from Fort Sill,
O. T.. arrived this evening. Most of
the day was spent by the regiments in
THE SQUADRON THAT SILENCED THE BATTERIES AT MATANZAS.
camp in field maneuvering and skir
mish drilling.
All of the light batteries took long
practice marches during the day, while
the Signal Corps, which has part of its
apparatus on the field, established two
stations — one on top of the tower on
Rnodgrass Hill and the other nearly a
mile south on Lytle Hill, near General
Brooke's headquarters. Practice drills
with the flags were held morning and
afternoon. As soon as all the appara
tus arrives the Signal Corps will string
telegraph wires connecting the differ
ent divisions and brigade headquarters
■with General Brooke's headquarters.
A general order was issued to-day
changing the order of infantry bri
gades, Colonel J. G. Bates' command
being made the first, while Colonel
Andy Hurt's is made the second. This
change was made in conformity with
army regulations, Colonel Bates out
ranking Colonel Burt, although by a
few days only.
Allthesoldiersat Chickamauga, white
and colored, officers and men, are being
vaccinated as fast as possible. This,
according to Colonel Hartsuff, is mere
ly a sanitary precaution.
LOS ANGELES COUNTY
WANTS PROTECTION.
Supervisors Appeal to Governor Budd
for Men to Protect the
Coast.
LOS ANGELES, April 27.— The Su-
I pervisors of Los Angeles County to-day
decided to make a formal appeal to
Governor Budd for military protection
in the event of an attack by Spanish
warships, and a resolution was adopted
setting forth the defenseless condition
of the southern coast of California and
urging the Governor to call out a suf
ficient number of men to protect life
and property. A copy of the resolution
whs sent to the Governor to-day
PORTLAND, Or., April 27.— Company
F. Fourteenth Infantry, to-day was or
dered to relieve Battery M, Third Ar
tillery, at Fort Canby. Battery M will
proceed to Fort Stevens and Scar
borough Head. The order is a perma
nent one and is not to be understood
as a detail for detached service. It is
regarded as assured at Vancouver Bar
racks that the Fourteenth will be used
to garrison the necessary coast defenses
j and will not be sent to the front. Gen
eral Merriam and Major Barry re-
I turned to-day from San Franrisco.
SAN BERNARDINO, April 27.—Com
i pariy X, Seventh Regiment, National
| Guard California, completed recruiting
its full quota of men to-day. On Mon
day night it had fifty-nine men in the
company. In twenty-four hours this
number was raised to 106. Enlistments
are rapidly being made to form a new
company after the old one departs. The
men are anxious to go to the front.
SAN JOSE, April 27.— At a meeting
of Company B, Fifth Regiment, to
! night, enough men were elected to bring
the company up to the full complement
of 103. All have expressed a willingnesp
to volunteer for the war.
.."-")"■> ..I-" " i
SPANISH CRUISERS TO
DESTROY COMMERCE.
Use for Those Now at Manila if They
Escape the American
Fleet.
MADRID, April 27.— There is a re
port in circulation here that some of
the Spanish cruisers now gathered
about Manila will be used later to scour
the Pacific and destroy American com
merce in those water.
Miss Helen Gould's Gift.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The Wash
ington dispatch to the Herald says:
Miss Helen Gould has written to Presi
dent McKinley offering a free gift of
$100,000 for national purposes. She of
fers to double the amount if it is
needed.
MASSACRE
AT MANILA
So-Called Insurgents At
tacked Within the
City.
The Spanish Slay Ten, Wound
Forty and Imprison
Scores.
Those Taken Captive Were Soon
Released From Confinement
by Death.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, April 27.— The mail
brought by the Empress of China,
which arrived here this morning from
Hongkong and Yokohama, states that
the people of the Orient are turning
their attention from the far eastern
question to the war between the United
States and Spain. Generally speaking
the press is on the side of America.
The Japan Daily Herald declares the
Spanish pride and obstinacy conspired
to throw away all chance of peace.
It was reported in Hongkong on April
11 that the American Government had
purchased two steamers, the Zephyr
and Nanhan as transports.
The news from the Philippines is less
than ever reassuring for Spain. De
spite an official statement from Madrid
that the rebellion has been got under
control the outbreak does not seem to
have been subdued. General Primo de
Rivers is so disgusted with the Govern
ment not carrying out his recommen
dations for reforms that he has insisted
upon being relieved.
Spain seems to be resorting to foul
tactics to kill the rebellion. At the end
of March 150 rebels were holding a
meeting in a house in Manila. The
news got to the authorities and the
house was surrounded with the result
that upon their refusal to surrender
about ten so-called Insurgents were
killed, some forty wounded and the re
mainder taken prisoners. They did
not linger long in confinement, being
released by death.
This massacre aroused intense indig
nation. The Japanese officials declare
that it becomes more evident than ever
as events progress and develop that
neither the present Government nor
the Philippine rebels can ever govern
the island as they ought to be governed,
with a view to the reasonable develop
ment of this paradise of the earth.
TO EQUIP THE
ARMY OF CUBANS.
Senator Stewart Introduces a Resolu-
tion on a Subject That Is
Being Considered.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— 500n after
the Senate convened to-day Stewart of
Nevada introduced the following reso
lution, for which he asked immediate
COnsiuera-Liuii .
"That the Secretary of War be and he
is hereby directed to furnish the Senate
with an estimate of the amount of the
appropriation necessary to arm, equip,
subsist and furnish with munitions of
TWO BATTERIES
ARE ORDERED
TO THE SOUTH
Determination to Co=operate
With Insurgents in an Ad=
vance on Havana.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK, GA., April 27.— Late to
night it was learned, on what is considered good authority, that or
ders had been received from' Washington for the immediate shipment
to Tampa, Fla., of two of the light batteries of artillery now sta
tioned at Chickamauga Park. Cars enough to accommodate the
twelve guns of the batteries, eighty horses and 140 men, will, it is said,
be switched to the park early in the morning. The batteries will be
loaded on the cars at once and run through to Tampa on passenger
train time. Taken In connection with the conference held in Washing
ton to-day between General Miles and Senor Queseda, Brigadier-Gen
eral Nunez and Lieutenant Artiago, representatives of the Cuban
insurgents, at which it was reported plans were completed for the
immediate arming of the Cuban army, it is taken to indicate a de
termination on the part of the United States army authorities to
co-operate with the insurgents in an immediate advance on Havana.
Whether other batteries have been ordered shipped is not known, nor
can anything be learned at this hour as to whether any of the in
fantry now stationed here has been ordered South. The report
caused considerable excitement.
war, the Cuban army now at war with
Spain, and such additions as may be
made thereto from the people of Cuba
until the Spanish army shall be ex
pelled from the Island of Cuba, or un
til the next session of Congress."
Hale of Maine suggested the reso
lution had better go to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and after a state
ment by Senator Allison, that the
whole subject coveted by the resolu
tion was now being considered by the
proper committees of Congress and
that there would be no delay, Stewart
agreed that the resolution should go to
the Military Affairs Committee.
SPAIN IS GAINING
ENGLISH SYMPATHY.
Trend of British Sentiment Toward
the Dons Is Becoming Very
Pronounced.
LONDON, April 28.— The trend of
English sentiment toward Spain is be
coming so pronounced as to be gen
erally recognized. All resident Amer
icans, even among diplomats, are com
pelled to admit it. Although the Gov
ernment's friendly attitude is un
changed, it is questioned whether a
majority in Parliament now is Spanish
in its sympathy, although practically
unanimous partisans of the United
States. A straw indicating the direc
tion of the wind is shown at a popu
lar music hall in London, where night
ly pictures of the American and Span
ish warships are shown by the kine
toscope. The American ships are oniy
moderately applauded, the Spanish
most enthusiastically.
The expected fight off Manila is
awaited in England with the greatest
interest, first, because it may have con
siderable political significance, and.
second, because it is the first instaace
of a modern squadron fighting so far
from a well equipped base.
The effects of the war continue to be
felt in Europe, in the rise of prices of
various commodities.
BIG SEA
BATTLES
EXPECTED
Greatest Fight of Modern
Times to Occur Near
Manila.
There Is Also a Prospect of an
Encounter With a Spanish
Fleet Sent to the Relief of
Blanco's Forces.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 27.
The Navy Department expects that
within the next forty-eight hours the
intelligence will be flaahed io Washing
ton of ona of the greatest naval battles
of modern times between Admiral Dew
ey's American fleet now in the China
Sea and the Spanish squadron guard
ing the harbor of Manila in the Philip
pine Islands. Acting under instructions
from the department, Dewey withdrew
his ships from Hongkong in compli
ance with the suggestion of Great Brit
ain that the United States could not
with propriety use a neutral treaty port
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaoaaaaaaaaaaasaaaaaa
»1 M$M A WOMAN'S. . |
« -fl^a» ';■ YOUTH ■ »
° fll'f ' *li ■-£• y®' Can be reserved if the health is cared for. «
tt (|v?^^ < \S^m!l. Ros y cheeks and bright ' eyes . are born of '«
Ai^X flwllK • . healthy blood and strong nerves. When the $
]/-rj^_ *S ' rst symptoms of disease begin to show they 3
« \»' should be attended to. Assistance given to 8
» ; ' ; -^#^\-lV^^^^''' the weakened organization then may save »
» ¥ I \\'^%^N ' ears of torture ~ »
« " *' ' DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. »
& 35
£ "It has done wonders for my daughter. She is brighter than she ever „
8 was before. We thank you," writes Mrs. C. J. Douglass, 1742 Linden £
# avenue, Oakland, Cal. . <&
© It is as good for women as 1 for men. It fills the body with energy, i*f
£ It is as good for women as for men. It fills the body with energy, ~
$ . makes the blood circulate and restores vigorous health. Book called
# "Maiden, Wife and Mother," with full information, free. Can't you call, and £
iOf see it? Consultation free. 8
a SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., *— — ___* «
$ 632 Market Street, San Francisco. $5000 REWARD &
W: NOTE— Make no mistake in the number— . Will be paid for < one of «
632 MARKET STREET. these Belts which falla vi
B Office hours. Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 lnese Bel " wmcn.v rails $
« to 1. Branches at Lob Angeles. Cal., 2044 to generate a .current; of „
** ' South Broad Portland, Or., 253 Washing- Electricity
55 ton street; Denver,: Colo.; 931 Sixteenth street; _* £
w Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. J * — : ~~ ■' - . . * i*<'
BBBBBBBBBBBBB^BBB^BBBBBBBBBBBBBBOBBBB
as a base of operations. The fleet was
then directed toward the Philippines
with a view to immediately engaging
the Spanish squadron and after dis
abling it to invest Manila.
Latest advices indicate tl.at the Span
ish squadron is cruising in close prox
imity to Manila, and the department
therefore feels confident that the two
fleets will come together within a
few hours and a decisive engagement
follow.
While news of operations in the Ori
ent is awaited with the utmost anxiety
there is an almost equal tension in the
minds of naval officials regarding the
movements of the Spanish fleets at Ca
diz and the Cape Verde Islands. The
only information the department has
regarding either of these fleets is in the
form of a brief commercial cablegram
received this morning to the effect that
the Cape Verde squadron would leave
St. Vincent to-morrow for tne west. It
was also reported to the department,
though upon what authority cannot be
learned to-night, that the vessels of the
Cape Verde force would be divided and
all but two of them dispatched to join
the Spanish warships in Cuban waters,
while a cruiser and torpedo-boat de
stroyer were sent to ' he coast of Brazil
to intercept the battleship Oregon. It
is calculated that the Oregon in coming
north will follow the usual steamer
track, passing almost within sight of
Cape St. i-toque, near which the most
experienced navigators in the depart
ment assume the Spanish vessels might
most reasonably expect to head off the
American warship. The department
has no fears regarding the safety of
the Oregon in spite of the menace of the
two Spanish ships. In fighting quali
ties she is more than a match for both
vessels and it is believed that neither
by day nor by night could the torpedo
boats evade the vigilance of her officers
and get close enough to do her any in
jury. On the contrary the Oregon's big
guns are counted upon to sink her com
paratively frail adversaries in the event
that an attempt should be made to car
ry out the programme suggested.
More serious attention is being given
by the department to the possibility of
reinforcement of the Spanish fleet now
in Cuban waters by the Cape Verde
or Cadiz squadron with a view of re
lieving General Blanco and his forces
in Havana. The denant tone of Blanco's
latest utterances, cabled from Havana
last night, are construed by the depart
ment to mean he has assurances that a
powerful Spanish fleet will soon be sent
to his aid. Should an attempt be made
by the Spaniards to force Admiral
Sampson's blockade a terrific battle
would ensue which mlr : prove the
turning point in the war. With such a
possibility in view the administration
hesitates to dispatch a land force to
Cuba where, in the always possible
event of the defeat of the American
fleet, the troops on the island would
find themselves cut off and forced to
meet the Spanish army ur -r most un
favorable conditions. With these con
siderations in view i* is probable that
no important action will be taken within
the next few days, the purpose of the
department being to maintain Admiral
Sampson's fleet in the most serviceable
condition until the enemy's plans are
more clearly defined. Instructions have
been sent to the blockading squadron
to redouble the vigilance exercised to
prevent ships from reaching Havana,
for while the reports concerning the
running of the blockade by the troop
ship Montserrat lack official confirma
tion, navy officials are inclined to ac
cept the statement as true.
TRIES TO BRING UP
HAWAIIAN ANNEXATION-
Morgan Scores a Failure in the Sen
ate Foreign Relations
Committee.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The Sen
ate Foreigp Relations" Committee held
the regular weekly meeting to-day.
Senator Morgan urged the importance
of again taking up the question of an
nexing the Hawaiian Islands. He said
they were essential to the United States
in view of the war with Spain ,and that
no time should be lost in perfecting
the treaty. Other members of the
committee expressed the opinion that
it was impracticable to proceed with
the question at present.
34
SILVER COIN
IN THE HOLD
OF A PRIZE
Monitor Terror Captures
and Brings to Port a
Small Steamship.
Naval Officials Fear All Vessels
Taken Heretofore May Have
to Be Returned to Their
Owners.
Copy lighted. IC?S,1 C ?S, hy Jamps Gordon Ttennett.
KEY WI'.ST, April 27.— The only war
like incident that has rippled the cus
tomary calm of Key West to-day was
the arrival this morning of the little
Cuban coast steamer Ambroslo Bolivar,
In charge of a small prize crew from
the monitor Terror. The boat itself is
insignificant. Her appearance is that
of a broken-down tug-boat sorely in
need of fresh paint. Stowed away in
this disreputable-looking craft, her cap
tors have found more than JtiO.OOO in
Spanish silver, to say nothing of a sup
plementary cargo of bananas and a few
passengers.
The Bolivar was coasting along, hug
ging the shore a few miles off Car
denas, when the Terror sighted her and
coon overhauled her. Two of the Boli
var's officers were held to assist in run
ning her to Key "West, and others
aboard were put ashore in small boats
and permitted to go their \v:iy.
The Bolivar is the Terror's prize ex
clusively. She came into Key West
without other escort than a small prize
crow put aboard her by the monitor.
Her advent shortly after the arrival of
the cruiser Detroit, however, which
A SPANISH FLEET
TO MAKE PREY OF
AMERICAN YACHTS
Copyrighted. IS9R. by James Gordon Bennett.
CADIZ, April 27. — The Spanish have sent a fleet to the Mediter
ranean to prey upon the many yachts owned by the citizens of the
United Stares which are there. Her new torpedo-boat destroyer, the
Destructor, accompanied by the torpedo-boats Barcelona, Nabu and
Ritamosa, sailed to-day from this port. They took an eastern course
for Tar/fa, Ceuta. Their object, lam told, is to retaliate on the
United States for capturing Spanish ships by taking all the American
yachts in the Mediterranean.
The warships in the harbor to-day include the iron broadside
ship Victoria and the torpedo-boat destroyers Proserpine and Osada.
The Columbia and Normannia, which were recently bought from
the Hamburg-American Steamship Company, are being stiffened to
receive artillery. English engineers have been engaged at large
salaries to get the highest possible speed out of them. The Gibraltar
has not yet been armed. The torpedo-boats Halcon, Urion and
Gerona have received their armament
GAGE CONFERS
WITH BANKERS
Proposed Bond Issue Dis
cussed by New York
Financiers.
All Will Help to Make It a
Success as a Popular
Loan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 27.— Secretary
Gage was In consultation with leading
bankers here to-day. Secretary Gage,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
" Beauty is but skin-
deep'' was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
like the beauty of health "
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
All eorts of stores sell it, especially
4«iCEists; all sorts of people use it.
came over this morning to take coal,
gave rise to the report that the Bolivar
was the Detroit's prize.
The silver specie the little coaster
had was destined for the payment of
some of Spain's long-suffering soldiers
and unpaid troops. The fact that the
Bolivar is a Spanish vessel and hail not
loaded in any American port makes her
a legitimate prize of war, even in the
light of the President's proclamation,
the purport of which is made public in
local papers here to-day.
The proclamation exempting from
capture vessels sailing from foreign
ports prior to April 111 and those sail
; ing from domestic ports prior to May
21 is variously interpreted here. The
consensus of opinion, however, Is that
it means that we must return to their
owners most, if not all of the steam
ships taken by our ntavy as prizes of
war since the fleet sailed from here last
Friday, beginning with the Buena Ven
tura and ending with the Panama, so
gallantly taken by the game little
Mangrove. Naval officers express the
hope, however, that in the case of the
Panama, at least, the fact that she was
loaded with provisions for Havana and
was actually an armed vessel carrying
two fourteen-pounders, will place her
legally in the category of contraband
of war.
after the conference, said he thought It
wise when in this city, to hear what the
leading financiers might have to say
concerning the present condition of
things and the outlook. He was also
desirous of getting their views on the
financial measure now before Con
gress.
"All the gentlemen present at the
conference," continued Mr. Gage, "ex
pressed a kindly interest In the popular
features of the contemplated masures
and so far as was necessary and proper,
offered their co-operation in making
the bond issue a popular loan."
The Secretary said he was not In
favor of raising any issue at the pres
ent time calculated to cause discontent
among those holding opposite political
views. The bills pending should be
adopted on their merits.
The money stringency was inciden
tally discussed according to Mr. Gage
and nothing definite was decided on in
the matter of placing our bonds in the
European markets. It was admitted
by Mr. Gage that some of the financiers
thought the rate of interest on the new
bonds ought not to be less than 3^ per
oent, but most he said, were satisfied
with a :> p*r cent bond. Conditions
were favorable in Mr. Gage's opinion
for a $200,000,000 issue and there was
little likelihood that the amount would
exceed that sum. The Secretary re
turm-d to Washington on the midnight
train.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— There w^as
some discussion to-day in the Senate
Committee on Postoffices and Postroads
of the bill introduced by Senator
Chandler to provide for a popular loan
through postal savings banks, and the
suggestion was made that it might fur
nish a more acceptable means of rais
ing funds for the war than the bond
clause of the House revenue bill.
The measure provides for the issu
ance of postal savings notes of $50 and
$100, payable to bearer and bearing 3
per cent interest. A sub-committee
was appointed for the consideration of
the details of the bill. It was notice
able that all the members of the Post
office Committee present, including Re
publicans as well as members of other
parties, expressed a desire to avoid a
bond issue if possible.
The postal savings bill was also un
der consideration and the opinion was
expressed that the committee would be
able to report upon this measure after
one or more meetings.
Serious Bread Riots.
ROME, April 27.— Several bread riots
took place to-day at Bari, capital of the
province of that name. A mob of 2000 at
tacked the tax office, burned the papers,
devastated the public gardens and then
proceeded to make an assault upon the
Town Hall and prison. The latter attempt
was frustrated by the prison guards and
oolica.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
NEUTRALITY
IS OBSERVED
Proclamations Are Being
Issued by European
Powers.
So Far Germany and Austria
Are the Only Nations to
Hold Out.
Colombia the First of the Latin
Republics to Declare It Will
Extend No Favors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, April 27.
The State Department posted a notice
to-day stating it had been officially ad
vised of the Issuance of neutrality or
ders by Italy, the Netherlands, Switz
erland, Norway and Sweden, Russia
and Colombia, It is supposed also that
official notice of Great Britain's and
France's neutrality will be received by
to-morrow.
Including France and Great Britain,
four of the six great powers of Europe
have declared their neutrality, namely:
Great Britain, Italy, France and Rus
sia." There remain of the great powers
Germany and Austria, neither of which
has yet acted. The delay of Austria
does not cause surprise, as Austria's
sympathy with Spain is more pro
nounced than that of any other country
of Europe. It is not doubted, however,
that Austria will assume a neutral at
titude sooner or later.
The delay of Germany is felt to be
due solely to Germany's consulting her
own commercial interests before shap
ing the exact terms of her neutrality
proclamation. From the first Germany
and Great Britain have opposed the
right of search as detrimental to Brit-
ish and German commerce. Thus far
Spain has announced a much more rad
ical doctrine than the United States on
this matter. The Spanish order, pub
lished in the Official Gazette last Mon
day, announced the purpose of exercis
ing the right of search of all merchant
ships on the high seas. The President's
proclamation of yesterday qualified the
right of search by saying that it "is to
be exercised with strict regard to the
right of neutrals, and the voyages of
mail steamers are not to be interfered
with except on the clearest grounds of
suspicion, etc." It is understood that
this matter of right of search is caus
ing hesitation on the part of Germany
and that if it is satisfactorily estab
lished that German merchant ships
shall not be subjected to harassment
Germany will adopt the same course as
other nations.
The attitude of Portugal is felt to be
more important just at present than
that of any of the great powers of
Europe, owing to the presence of the
Spanish fleet at the Cape Verde Islands,
belong to Portugal. Neither, the State
Department nor the Portuguese Min
ister at Washington had received word
up to to-night as to the purpose of
Portugal on the question of neutrality.
This caused considerable apprehension
in official circles here, as it was felt
that Portugal's vicinage to Spain
might induce her to withhold neutrality
for a time. She owns the Cape Verde
group, the Azores and the Madeiras,
which would give the Spanish fleet
three very important bases of opera
tion. Late in the day the press dis
patches from Lisbon, saying that the
Cabinet Council will declare neutrality
to-morrow, relieved this apprehension
considerably. The effect of the decree
will be to compel the Spanish fleet at
Cape Verde Islands to leave imme
diately. It is felt, however, that Por
tugal has done her neighbor a good
turn in deferring the proclamation un
til to-morrow, as the Spanish fleet has
been laying in stores and coal for sev
eral days past and doubtless will be
fully equipped and ready to sail be
fore the neutrality proclamation forces
them out of Portuguese waters.
Colombia is the only South or Cen
tral American country which has thus
far declared neutrality. Spain has
counted much on the co-operation of
Spanish-American countries, but there
is no reason to doubt that all of them
will adopt a neutral position.
Members of the diplomatic corps dis
miss the reports coming from Europe
that another move toward European
intervention will be made as soon as
Spain suffers a decisive reverse. This
is said to be purely conjectural; as no
such move has taken form thus far by
the exchange of notes. It is accepted
as settled that no mot-e ships intended
for the American navy can leave the
ports of those countries which have de
clared their neutrality. This result is
most serious in the case of the cruiser
Albany, now at the Armstrong yards
in England. The view among diplo
matic officials is that neither the Al
bany nor the torpedo-boat Somers can
leave, even though the United States
flag was raised over them before the
proclamation of neutrality was issued.
It Is said the raising of the flag can
not avoid the manifest uses of the
ships for war purposes.
NO BANGER OF
WATER FAMINE
Citizens of Sausalito Resent a
Misstatement Concerning
Their Town.
Not at the Marcy of Flames Nor
Likely to Suffer From
Thirst.
Special Dispatch to The Call..
SAVSALITO. April 27.— citizens of
this town were considerably amused to
day to learn that they were 'in danger of
a water famine and that if a fire broke
out the place would be at the mercy of
the flames. At least, this was the absurd
story published in two of , the morning \
dallies, and it is asserted that the imagin- i
ations of the correspondents : led them !
into ludicrous error. There is plenty of i
water here and a freer use of It would i
conduce to less lurid misrepresentations. I
"It is a shame that this place should j
so frequently.be placed in a false light by '
inveraclous newspaper correspondents," j
said Trustee A. Sylva. "All that occurred
was as follows : I asked Mr. Tillinghast, j
secretary of the Sausahto Land and
Water Company, why water was I turned
off at .11 p. ; m., and he said in reply that I
it was because water :in the springs did j
not rise well until August, and, in accord
ance with the practice of companies gene
rally throughout the 1 State, i economy . was
necessary, Just now. Mr. Tillinghast said j
he ' had asked ■ other companies *to assist j
them, but it was an absolute falsehood j
to say that he had promised to give up
his system if they would do so. His quot
ed statement .that the company had been
sinking, hundreds of wells was never
made.
DISARMS THE
STATE TROOPS
Governor Leedy of Kan
sas Issues Some Pecu
liar Orders.
Disregards Every Wish Made
by Representatives of the
War Department.
It Is Evident That the Government
Will Secure Raw Recruits and
Not Guardsmen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WICHITA, Kans.,April 27.— At
midnight to-night Governor
Leedy was hanged In effigy on
First street in front of the ar
mory of the National Guard.
Crowds of people are marching
back and forth on the street
hooting and yelling: 'Down
with Leedy and Weyler."
TOPEKA, Kan., April 27.— Governor
Leedy took action to-day which practi
cally disarms the State National Guard,
and there is every indication that Kan-
Bas will have no troops ready for ser
vice outside of the State for several
weeks, possibly a month. It is clearly
the purpose of the State administration
to "turn down" the State militia, and
the three regiments from Kansas must
be made up largely from raw recruits.
Goevrnor Leedy received a message
from the War Department authorizing
him to organize the State troops to
suit himself, though advising him that
the department preferred the enlist
ment of the National Guards. He also
secured permission to mobilize his re
cruits in Topeka instead of at the Gov
ernment barrackß at Fort Leavenworth
as the War Department had ordered.
Immediately upon securing this au
thorization, the Governor telegraphed
to the captain of every Kansas militia
organization directing that all army
clothing and all equipage belonging to
the State or Federal Government be
forwarded at once to the adjutant-gen
eral in Topeka. This step in effect dis
arms the militia and has raised a storm
throughout Kansas. Following this
action the Governor named five recruit
ing officers, assigning them by Con
gressional districts, and these officers
will enroll the Kansas volunteers. Gov
ernor Leedy orders that after the com
panies are recruited they shall select
their own company officers.
TOPEKA. Kans., April 27.— The Gov
ernor's orders directing the militiamen
to deliver their uniforms, guns and all
other equipment to the adjutant-gen
eral has caused open revolt in some of
the National Guard organizations.
Word came from Wichita that the
equipment of the company there would
be held for hall rent and other ex
penses incurred in keeping up the com
pany, and there is talk of assembling
the Second Regiment at Emporia to
morrow, despite the Governor'sNjrder.
At Hutchinson to-night Gcvernor
Leedy was hanged in effigy by the an
gry militiamen. When the Governor
was informed of this affair he said:
"If the boys will keep their shirts on
they will find that I -Rill treat them
right."
The Governor's Populist supporters
insist that it is his intention to enlist
as many of the privates of the National
Guard as are eligible under the War
Department's requirements.
BALTIMORE, April 27.— The Fourth
Regiment, Maryland National Guard,
has broken camp at Pimlico and re
turned to the armory in this city. It
is reported they have rebelled because
of dissatisfaction at not having beeen
assigned to active service by General
Wilmer, the Fifth being assigned to that
honor.
MONTIJO MAY
BE RECKLESS
Possibility That He May
Proceed to Meet the
Fleet of Dewey.
Commander of the Spanish
Squadron at the Philippines
More Brave Than Wise.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON, April 28.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Dally Mail, tele
graphing Wednesday, says: It is
thought possible in some quarters that
Admiral Montijo, commander of the
Spanish squadron at the Philippines,
who has a reputation for reckless
bravery and determination, but does
not shine as. a tactician, may put to
sea and take the offensive. The pub
lic is elated by the Montserrat's suc
cess, which is regarded as furnishing
proof of the ineffectiveness of the
blockade of Cuba.
Senor Romero Robledo declared in
the Cortes to-day that Spain ought to
make up her mind to Strugs'^ alone,
since no one would support her. He
said he believed the present situation
was the result of repeated acts of
weakness on the part of Spain toward
America and that he considered as
wholly useless the autonomy project
fur Cuba. On the other hand, he
thought Spain ought to do everything
possible to revivify and strengthen the
integrity of the empire and to main
tain the sovereignty of the mother
country in Cuba.
Admiral Beranger, former Minister of
Marine, Is of the opinion that it would
be exceedingly profitable to Spain to
adopt privateering. The Senate to-day
delivered to the Queen Regent its re-
I ply to the speech from the throne. The
i members of the Government were
present.
MADRID, April 27.— 1t is difficult t?
describe the state of the public mind
' to-day without being paradoxical.
| Every one believes that the Spanish-
American fleets in the far East may
have engaged or are just on th 3 eve of
i engaging in the first battle of the war.
j The foundation for this belief is a tele
: gram from Rear Admiral Montijo,
j commandant-general at Manila, to the
Minister of Marine late last night,
which says: "I am leaving with a
j squadron to take a position of expecta
tion for the enemy." The people, con
sequently, are possessed by a feeling of
disquiet and confidence. Disquietuue is
shown in the eagerness with which all
i details and strengths of the respective
i squadrons are discussed and the con
! fldence by the knowledge that the
! Spanish forces will move heaven ard
! earth to win a victory. The Heraldo
i bulletin board in Calle Sevilla id be
; sieged by a constantly increasing
I crowd awaiting news with lmpatiencu.
TO SUPPORT
THE DYNASTY
Prelates Will Try to Off
set the Sympathy To
ward Carlists.
May Try to Convince Castilians
That the Queen Was Not for
Peace at any Price.
Spaniards Yet Gro-wling About Un
cle Sam's Attitude and Worrying
Over England's Policy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, April 27.— As a counter
poise to the growing Bympathy toward
the Carlists among the people since
Don Carlos raised a vigorous war note
against the United States, the Spanish
cardinals and prelates are now assem
bling here to visit the Queen Regent
collectively, declaring their adhesion to
and support of the dynasty. They will
endeavor to convince the people that
the Queen Regent has never advocated
peace at any price, but thoroughly
participated in the enthusiasm of the
people to defend the honor and rights
of Spain.
This attitude of the prelates will
cause a sensation throughout the coun
try, greatly irritating the Carlists. To
night Madrid is absolutely unmoved.
The capture of the American bark Sar
anac by a Spanish gunboat near Man
ila caused a momentary excitement,
but the tcnvn is expectant of the result
of the action likely to occur off the
Philippines and awaits the outcome
with perfect confidence. This confi
dence in the navy is an article of faith
with the Spaniards. The papers po
litely chaff the Americans on "their
want of dash in capturing only fishing
boats and ocean tramps."
One Journal says: "El Morro's sig
nal gtins were mistaken on board the
American squadron for offensive fir
ing. The gunners of El Morro know
that the squadron has kept well out of
range, and they wish it would not."
There is a strong expectation of
European complications and increasing
doubt in the "assumed neutrality of
England." It is believed she would
join America to-morrow were she not
deterred by a fear of uniting the pow
ers In a crusade against the Anglo-
Saxon."
FIRST REACHES
NEW ORLEANS
NEW ORLEANS, April 27.—
The First Regiment of Infantry,
under command of Colonel Evan
Miles, arrived this morning from
Presidio Barracks, San Fran
cisco, 810 strong, and went into
camp at the fair grounds. They
crossed the continent on three
special trains. The Californians
were given a rousing reception
as they marched to the fair
grounds.
Mayor Flower has received
many petitions, from Spaniards
residing in New Orleans, pray
ing for protection, saying that
they have been threatened.
GOVERNMENT WILL
BEAR THE EXPENSE.
Will Provide for Volunteers During
the Interval Between Enroll-
ment and Muster.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The War
Department has issued the following
circular bearing on the expenses In
curred by the volunteer troops between
the time of their enrollment and their
muster into the service of the United
States. It is in answer to many in
quiries that have been made on. the
Bubject by State officials:
All absolutely necessary expenses for the
subsistence, transportation, sheltering
and general maintenance of the volun
teers during the Interval during their en
rollment (enlistment) and their muster
(or being sworn) into the service of the
United States and all incidental expenses
connected therewith, such as the hire of
officers, clerks, messengers, etc., fcrr mus
tering officers, will be met by the Gov
ernment of the United States from the
appropriation at the disposal of the sev
eral staff departments or the army. Cer
tificate vouchers for all expenditures
authorized will be forwarded to the War
Department for audit and payment.
Spanish Warship Near Callao.
TACOMA, April 27.— Mrs. Susie Pet
ers of this city received a letter from
her son to-day, who is an apprentice
on the Oregon. The letter is dated
Callao, Peru, and says they are on the
lookout for Spanish torpedo-boats and
expect to meet one. He says a Span
ish warship left Callao three days be
fore the arrival of the Oregon.
Friendship of Japan.
YOKOHAMA, April 27.— The local
jounraJs urge Japan to consent to
America buying Japan's two cruisers
now building in the United States.
General Lee Summoned.
RICHMOND, Va., April 27.— General
Fltzhugh Lee has been summoned to
Washington and will leave here on the
noon train to-morrow.
TULARE LAD CRUSHED
UNDER TRAIN WHEELS.
Loses His Life While Stealing a Bide
on the "Blind Baggage" to
Fresno.
FRESNO, April 27.— The body of Syd
ney Lawler of Tulare was found this
morning horribly mangled on the rail
road track near the Southern Pacific
freight shed. Last evening Lawler and
two other lads named Thomas and Clark
thought they would come to Fresno on
the n blind baggage" for a lark. They
boarded the train and rode as far as the
Valley road crossing near Fresno. At
that point Thomas and Clark entered the
passenger coaches, but Lawler remained
on the baggage-car platform. Arriving
in town Thomas and Clark left the train
and sppnt the night hunting for their
friend. They could get no clew to his
whereabouts until they found his body at
the Morgue at about noon to-day.
No one knows how the young man met
death. The supposition is that he at
tempted to leave the train after his com
panions went into the cars and slipped
beneath the wheels.
It is reported shots were heard in the
vicinity or the station last evening about
the time the train came in, and it is
thought that some brakeman may have
fired at Lawler. This is to be investiga
ted. An examination of the body made
this afternoon showed no bullet wounds.
the fac-simile :'/^^: '/^^ : y/4r^J^ it en every wrapper
signature of ZiU&ltZaZ&iti of CASTOKIA.
CONSIDER
COST OF
THE WAR
Statesmen Discuss the Bill
to Increase the
Revenue.
Dingley Says Three Hundred Mil
lions a Year Will Be Required.
Bailey Asks for Income
Tax, Not Bonds.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, April 27.
The opening of three days' debate on
the war revenue measure attracted
crowds to the House galleries to-day
and the attendance on the floor was
also large. Rev. Hezwell, who deliv
ered the invocation, asked the Divine
aid and direction for our army and
navy. Without any evidence of excite
ment or preliminaries of any kind the
House went into committee of the
whole, after the reading of the journal,
and entered upon the consideration of
the bill. Owing to its importance Ding
ley, chairman of the Ways and Means
Committee, did not ask that the first
reading of the bill be dispensed with
as usual with bills of minor impor
tance.
Dingley emphasized the necessity of j
united action in support of the measure
In order not only to impress Soain but the
countries of Europe with the profound
conviction that the American Congress
and the American people stood shoulder
to shoulder without regard to party in
the determination to prosecute to a suc
cessful termination the war we had un
dertaken.
Dingley' spoke with great earnestness,
and was listened to with profound atten
tion. Many of the Democrats left their
places and took seats on the Republican
side to hear the better. With great im
pressiveness Dingley said that unless all
signs failed the war would not be a three
months' affair, nor a six rionths affair,
and that the more preparations we made,
both for offense and defense, the shorter
it would be. When he reacned the ques
tion of the bond Issue he was besieged
with questions by McMillan. Sayers and
other Democrats, and there was some
discussion of the probable cost of the
war.
Sayers ventured an estimate of $300,000 -
000 per annum, which Dingley rejected,
calling attention to the fact that the
Civil War cost $1.100. 000,00») -»r annum.
Sayers, while avowing his willingness to
vote every dollar necessary to prosecute
the war, contended that there was no ne
cessity for authorizing in this bill the
raising of $700,000,000. when Congress
would meet again in December. A ple
thoric treasury in time of war, be ar
gued, would invite endless schemes of
speculators until it was gone.
Dingley pointed out that the authoriza
tion for $000,000,000 bonds was simply an
authorization. If not needed ail the bonds
would not be issued. Dingley briefly dis
cussed the proposition which the minor
ity would advance for an income tax as
a substitute for the bond proposition. The
Supreme Court had declared the tax un
constitutional, and yet it was proposed
in place of an authorization to borrow
money to renew a law suit which had
already been decided against . the Gov
ernment. "It seems so preposterous in
such an exigency." said Dingley, "that
1 can hardly believe such a proposal is to
be seriously presented." The proposition
to coin the silver seigniorage he charac
terised as one of the absurdities of finance
which was never heard of beyond the
borders of the United States. Seignior
age was the profit from coinage. We are
not now coining silver.
Pingley was given a hearty round of
! applause when he concluded.
! Bailey, the leader of 'the minority, fol
lowed Dingley with the opening argument
|on his side. He said that his side realized
I as much as the other the necessity of
raising revenue to carry on the war, and
they stood willing to co-operate in plac
ing at the disposal of the Government
every material aid for the prosecution of
the war to a successful and speedy termi
nation. There would be no difference of
I opinion that the Government should be
abundantly provided with revenue. But,
said he, the minority would not be either
led nor driven into the support of meas
ures which commended themselves neither
to thier conscience nor judgment. They
reserved the right to oppose the measures
by which the majority proposed to pro
vide the war fund.
Bailey spoke with a trace of bitterness
at the treatment the. minority had re
ceived at the hands of the majority. The
chairman of the Ways and Means Com
mittee had said that the pending bill fol
lowed closely the system of war taxation
which obtained at the close of the Civil
War. That system, Bailey said, had been
j followed in respect to those taxes which
| fell most heavily upon the producing and
consuming classes. Beer, tobacco and
other articles were taxed, but in one re
i spect, in his opinion utterly Indefensible,
the system in vogue at the end of the
Civil War had been discarded. The tax
! on bank capital and bank deposits was
! omitted. At one-half of 1 per cent such
i a tax would produce $10,000,000. If there
\ was one species of property above all
: others that ought to be the subject for
! extraordinary taxation it was bank de
posits, the only form of property owned
by one class which was used by another.
i There were in banks of the United States
i $i,700,000,000 of deposits.
Proceeding with his criticism of this
and some other features of the bill,
Bailey declared that, imperfect as it was,
his side of the House would take ft ff
the other side would accept their propo
sition for an income tax which would
provide an additional income of $100,000,000.
(Democratic applause.) He thought the
estimate of Dingley ($25,000,000 a month
for war expenses) a reasonable one.
Bailey also contended for the proposi
tion to coin $48,000,000 of the silver seign
iorage, and to that he thought an issue of
$58,000,000 of legal tender could be added
with propriety. The greenback circula
tion could be extended that far without
danger.
The gentleman from Maine (Dlnglev)
advocated the placing of a bonded debt
on this country of $600,000,000. Whenever
i the country's credit ought to be pledged
i he would be willing to do this, but there
! was not. In his opinion, any necessity
I for mortgaging that credit at this time
"We propose." said Bailey, "to tax the
rich men now, rather than to mortgage
the energies of the poor men for coming
! generations " (Applauße on the Demo
i cratic side.)
: Discussing the question of the Supreme
Court s decision of the income tax case,
, he declared that no Question was ever
; settled until it was settled rightly. Bailey
then entered upon an extended argument
,upon the constitutionality of an Income
tax combating the theory that it was
: a direct tax inhibited by the constitution.
■ B i u . le y "* aid , the , lncome tax provisions
which the minority had drawn, and which
would be offered by McMillin. had been
drawn to meet that portion of toe court's
decision which was unanimous, and in
which he concurred, by exempting fed
eral state, county and municipal bonds.
Dolliver (R.) of lowa, a member of the
■ Ways and Means Committee, was then
recognized He was listened to with
( close attention and was frequently inter
rupted by applause. He said in parr
There are two ways in which a Gov
ernment can support a large expense of
: this character, either by collecting it in
cash or by borrowing it on credit The
committee on Ways and Means has fully
considered both methods, and we have
made up our minds that the Government
; ought to pay as it goes so far as it can
leaving as little of the burden of our in
tervention in Cuba to the future as pos
sible. If the war upon which-we are about
to enter was to secure new national pos
sessions or any other acquisition of mate
! rial assets, the case might present a view
j somewhat different. But here, for the
first time in the history of the world, a
nation- has of its own volition thrown
! away- any prospect of aggrandizement
i arid "has based its action upon disinterest
i ed grounds, so that what we are about
' to do, however much it may minister to
I the present satisfaction and moral com-
I fort of the community, concerns posterity
i vastly less than it does us.
"If there was a case in the history of
the world where a situation amounting
to a declaration of war was the direct re
sult of the wish and purpose of the people
1 themselves, it is in this case. It cannot
be said that the President of the United
States has plunged his country into a
war. If he had done so, heedlessly put
ting in peril the welfare of a country like
this, instead of being entitled, as he is, to
the respect and confidence of the world,
it would be better that a millstone were
hanged about his neck and that he wero
drowned in the depth of the- sea, His
tory will acquit the President of such an
acL of hostility to the public welfare. I
do not predict the size and the cost of the
undertaking in which we are embarked,
but my conviction is that we will gain all
that we lose and infinitely more things
we have already gained, and one is the
i outspoken sympathy of this great Eng
! lish speaking race, of which we are a
i part; another is a larger sense of the
| unity of the American people, a unity
! that* has already killed tne spirit of sec
tionalism, taken the poison out of parti-
I san strife and brought in the better era
| of American patriotism.
Bell (Pop.) of Colorado, in stating the
i position of the Populists, announced his
i unalterable opposition to the bond pro-
I vision of the bill. Nothing, he declared,
! could cause such a shudder among the
people of the country as the announce
ment that they were to be saddled with
I another bond issue.
Then, discussing the provisions of the
i bill, he asked why the taxes were to be
| exclusively levied against the poor. Why
! did not the rich railroads bear part of
I the burden? Why did not the colossal
I Standard Oil Company bear its share?
r The>.burdens should fall equally on all
interested.
Lacey (R.) of lowa gave notice of an
j amendment to prevent the invalidation of
j Instruments on which the stamps due
I were inadvertently omitte-d.
Ridgeley .(Pop.) of Kansas closed the
) debate for the afternoon with some brief
remarks in opposition to the bond feature
of the bill.
At 5 o'clock the House recetieecl until 8
j o'clock.
The night session of the House was de-
I voted to brief speeches by members who
j were unable: to secure time during the
day. Many speakers only had time to
ask permission to extend their remarks
in the record. Only two Republicans-
Gibson of Tennessee and Ormstead of
New York— spoke to-night. The Demo
! crats and Populists all opposed the bond
i proposition. The speakers were Kleberg
(D.). Texas; Wheeler (D.), Kentucky-
Lewis (D.), Washington; Green (Pop.),
Nebraska; Cowherd (D.). Missouri; Ben
ton (D.), Missouri; Vandlver (D.), Mis
souri; Davis (D.), Alabama; De Vries
(D), California; Lentz (D.), Ohio, and
McDowell (D.), Ohio.
IT IS
YOUR SYSTEM THAT 13 ALL
wrong. HUDYAN will make it all
right again. You have dreams. HUD-
YAN gives you sweet and peaceful sleep.
You know that there are other men oa
earth who are more manly than 7 you.
HUDYAN remedio-treatment for a week
will alter this. You ought t-> be as strong
as your next-door neighbor. HUDYAN
will give you the vitality that it needs to
make a whole man. But remember that
it is only
HUDYAN
Yes, HUDYAN that will do this. You
want to get rid of those shaking hands.
Ask about the great remedio-treatment.
You want to be able to look the world
fairly in the face. Ask about the great
remedio-treatment. You want- energy,
and you want life. Ask about that grand
remedio-treatment. Free as the air you
breathe are the circulars and testimon-
ials. All you have to do is to ask for
t&em. Write and see to-day.
THAT
You are a weakling -it needs no. one to
tell you. You cannot even walk with your
head up. Get HUDYAN and you .will be.
able to. Get the HUDYAN treatment and
you will not know yourself in a week.
But you are going from bad to worse at
this moment. Stop! ' Yes, STOP! And
stop this very minute. You can get HUD-
YAN as well to-day as you will be able
to get It to-morrow. Be a man, and b«
a good one!
CURES,
All classes of curable diseases ar«
cured, at the grand old Hudson Mcdi-
i cal : Institute. "Thirty Day Blood
i Cure" circulars are free, too, and if
I you will but - describe your disease
and give. the doctors a chance to help
you, you will be CURED!
Hudson MEDICAL INSTITUTE
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS,
. - '. . '. _. (Ban FrancSANTA CRUZ
IN MOURNING
FOR ITS DEAD
Bodies of Eleven Victims of
the Powder Explosion
Recovered.
But Two Are Identified and the
Others Will Be Given Public
Burial in the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery.
THE DEAD.
James Miller.
Ernest Marshall.
Luther Marshall.
Charles Miller.
Ernest Jennings.
Guy Fagen.
Joe Josephs.
Charles Cole.
Henry Butler.
Ed Gilleran.
SANTA CRUZ. April 27.— Eleven
bodies of those killed in the powder
mill explosion are in the undertaking
parlors of Wessendorf & Staffler. The
corpse of Ed Gilleran, who was killed
by a falling roc I',1 ', and that of Guy Fa
gen are the only ones which have been
identified. The identification of any of
the others is an impossibility, as they
are horribly blackened and charred.
The names of only ten are known, the
eleventh body not having been claimed.
The known dead are James Miller, the
foreman of the Government smokeless
powder, and the six boys enployed in
this mill with him— Ernest Marshall,
Luther Marshall, Charles Miller, Ernest
Jennings, Guy Fagen and Jo Josephs —
the last three had worked in the mills
only two days. The two carpenters
who were killed were Charles Cole and
Henry Butler, who were at work on the
outside of the vacuum dry house, and
Kd Gilleran, killed by a falling rock
while on his way home.
The wounded are: Mrs. Margaret
Worden, cut by flying g-lass while Jeav
ii.»r hontt; i>r. \Y. H. Congdon,
Btrtick on back by flying rock while
emerging from a cottage in the village;
Mark Connelly, bruised back, broken
arm and injured internally; Michael
Noon, two horrible gashes on head; Joe
Fritz who was near the coal house, cut
on head from a flying piece of coal;
Thomas Sutton, gash on head from fall
ing timber; C. B. Rea, knocked on back
of head by a rock and in the fall left
elbow dislocated; John Nelson, a car
penter, cut on the forehead and his
arm fractured.
It is safe to say the first mill that ex
ploded -was the vacuum dry house. Then
the Government smokeless for big guns,
cannon powder, shotgun smokeless and
Handley mill caught from flying
sparks. , The gun-cotton store house
and the shotgun smokeless store house,
in which was stored gun-cotton also,
went next. The last and heaviest ex
n destroyed the nitro-glycerine
More house. It contained one ton of
nitro-glycerine.
These mills were all situated on the
east side of the creek. The scene this
Ing was one of desolation and
waste. What was not demolished by
the Explosion - as destroyed by fire and
over a tract of five acres on this fla?
all that remains are ashes and the
pieces of machinery -which are scattered
ov<>r the ground.
Where the vacuum dry house stood
and also the nitro-glycerine store house
are two immense excavations. They
are twenty feet deep and the shape of
a cone. The soft dirt is scattered all
over, several foet deep, and on top are
timbers and the branches of trees.
The coal house, which was near the
smokeless, is burned to the ground.
A large amount of wood was burned —
3000 cords of powder wood and 500 cords
of redwood. The boiler was ruined.
"REUNITED
SECTIONS"
Henry Watterson Tells of
the F^triotism of This
Country.
Also Relates the Cruel, Heart
less Acts of Spaniards in
America,
Fiendish Deeds That Have Given th
United States Ample Warrant
for Declaring War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The seventy
sixth anniversary of the birthday of
General U. S. Grant was celebrated to
night with a banquet at the "Waldorf-
Astoria, under the auspices of the
Grant Monument Association. Two
hundred and forty-six guests were
present. The principal speaker was
Henry Watterson, whose subject was
"The Reunited Sections." He said in
conclusion:
If thf-re was any doubt anywhere about
»*he restoration of the Union, not merely
fla fa<n and in name, but in the spirit to
which it owes its birth, themanlfestatlons
of the last few weeks cannot have failed
to dissipate it. That Spanish gentleman
who proposed to supplement the forces of
his country in Cuba by inciting the South
to •Jinthnr rebellion must surely have
The new boiler, which is being put up
fifty yards from the scene of the ex
plosion, is the only thing intact.
Across the river every window in the
packing houses, and the wheel and |
press houses is broken, but only one
mill is a wreck— that of the refinery,
where the saltpeter and soda was j
mixed.
The scene at the once pretty powder
mill village is a sad one. The only
structures left standing: are the old
office, the schoolhouse and several
small cottages. The boarding-house
is a total wreck.
Th" fire started from firebrands from
the works and commenced at the old
lodging-house, where the carpeters j
roomed. The houses of William John- |
son, another lodging-house, the home j
of Prank Patton, that of John Dennett, ;
George Mower's cottage and the last
dwelling on that side of the street,
owned by John Welch, went in their !
turn. The flames then crossed the j
street and the home of Mrs. J. Rooney
was destroyed.
Coroner Clark impaneled the follow- j
ing jury to-day: Henry P. Rice, J.
W. Smith, William E. Lyman, John j
Werner, Christian Hoffman, W. W. |
Lane. G. R. Gray, Sam Miller, A. J. j
Irving, William Grantz and F. G. Clark. I
It viewed the remains at the under- I
taking parlors and then adjourned un
til Monday morning at 10 o'clock.
To-day has been one of mourning in
Santa Cruz for those killed. Six were
boys connected with local families, and
the men were heads of families and
leave widows and children to mourn
their loss. The saddest feature of the
powder-house horror Is that none are
able to recognize their dead except the
relatives of Gilleran and Fagen. The
flags on the city flagstaff and on build
ings about the city, which have been
flying since the declaration of war, ar«
now at half mast.
The first funeral of an explosion vic
tim was held to-day. It was that of
Guy Fagen. He was the only son of
Bert Fagen, who at present is engi
neering in Mexico, and was a grandson
of Dr. P. B. Fagen, the capitalist. The
services were conducted from his home
on Plymouth street, in North Santa
Cruz. There was a large attendance.
Many beautiful floral tributes testified
to the high esteem in which the young
man was held by his friends. The im
pressive burial service of the Episcopal
church was read by Rev. C. O. Tillot
pon of Calvary Episcopal Church, of
which Guy was a communicant. The
pallbearers were Carlos Dennis. Gar
field Bull. Alfred Witney, Frank Fargr>,
Ed Williams and Henry Folsom. These
boys are all members of Guy Fagen'9
Sunday-school class and of the Percy
Webber Society. The interment was
in the family plat at Odd Fellows' Cem
etery.
The funeral of Edward Gilleran will
be held on Friday morning from the
Roman Catholic church, where requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul.
To-morrow afternoon there is to be
a public funeral over the remains of
James Miller, Ernest Marshall, Luther
Marshall, Ernest Jennings, Joseph Jos
ephs, Charles Miller, Charles A. Cole
and Henry Butler. Services will be
held in the armory, the largest building
in the city. The clergymen who are to
officiate are Rev. H. McNamee of the
Catholic church. Rev. C. O. Tillotson of
the Episcopal church and Rev. E. H.
Hayden of the Baptist church. Some
of the victims were members of these
churches. The interment will be at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the Cal
ifornia Powder Company has a plat,
and where it will erect a monument to
their memory.
A big benefit will be given to-morrow
at the opera-house by Professor Fon
tana, the mindreader and hypnotist,
who is giving performances in this city.
The gross receipts will go to the benefit
of the families of the unfortunates who
lost their lives in the explosion. The
receipts are to be placed in the hands
of the cashiers of the three banks of
this city, who will place the funds
where they will do the most good to
relieve the immediate distress of fam
ilies left without providers.
been the Knight of La Maneha come to
life again, hut quite as bereft of reason
ns he was i.i the days of Sancho Panza
and the lady of Toboso; though.
In truth, most of those supporting Spain
In her 111-starred contention seem to be
lineal descendants of the famous Don!
Sir, the reunited sections of the Union
stand a wall of iron between the nation's
honor and. if need be, all the world;
stand a wall of fire between the stricken
Cubans and any further hurt from Spain.
We want no other warrant for our act
of war than the cruel, the heartless story
of the Spaniard In America. From the
coming of Cortez and Pizarro to the going
of .Weyler — three centuries of brutality,
irradiated only by the pirate's lust for
plunder and the tiger's thirst for blood
each succeeding captain-general has
seemed to emulate Alv« as a rival of
Satan by seeking a second immortality
of damnation. Before such an array, his
torical and contemporary, the true Ameri
can neither consults his geography nor
counts the cost. Hla pulse-beats are the
same In Massachusetts and in Mississip
pi, and whether the band plays "Yankep
Doodle" or "Dixie" Is all one to him!
Assuming that In ordinary times it takes
but a few months and a change of rai
ment to convert a typical Vermonter into
a typical Texan, it has taken but a few
weeks to impress upon the reunited sec
tions of the Union the truth that we are
the most homogeneous people on the face
of the globe: that such differences as ex
ist among us are local and external, and
not skin de<-- and, along with this les
son, to reawaken in all hearts Decatur's
ringing words:
"Our coiintry— may she ever be in thf>
right— butllrlght or wrong, our country!'
Mrs. IT. S. Grant, Mrs. Fred Grant
and Ulysses S. Grant the third were
present in one of the boxes.
THROWN FROM HIS BUGGY
Salinas Physician Found Badly In
jured at a Roadside.
SALINAS. April 27.— As Dr. J. T.
Brock, a prominent physician here, was
returning from Chualar Canyon last
night his horse took fright at a band of
sheep on the road, and ran away, upset
ting the buggy. The doctor was thrown
out. striking on his head and being ren
dered unconscious. When discovered thip
morning he was suffering from a severe
cut over the right eye, penetrating to the
skull. His right hand was injured. Though
painful tho wounda are not considered
serious.
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
EUROPE GROWS
MORE HOSTILE
Wild Rumors at Paris
of Interference by
Germany.
Newspapers Declare the Kaiser
Will Send a Fleet to
Manila.
English Editor Ridicules th« War
Preparations of the United
States.
Special Dlsoatch to The Ca.ll.
PARIS, April 27.— The newspapers
here are publishing a series of wild
stories. According to one of them, Ger
many has protested against the block
ade of the Philippine Islands and con
templates sending warships from Kiao
chau to uphold her protest.
Another story, purporting to come
from St. Petersburg, says Great Brit
ain upset Russia's efforts at "* -•shing
ton because Great Britain is working '
hard to secure an Anglo-. 1 rican-
German understanding, "which Rus- ;
sia will meet by a league composed of \
all the other European powers."
LONDON, April 27.— The St. James
Gazette this afternoon continues to !
lead the press hostility to the United
States. It says:
"Neither Spain nor America is in the
least prepared for war. It will be ;
autumn before the mobs of men with !
muskets will be fit to trust in the field, j
They are no more at war, in the Euro- j
pean sense, than would be the squab- i
blings and filibustering of a couple of ;
South American republics."
The St. James Gazette also publishes ,
a letter from a correspondent, who re- !
marks:
"The wild hurry and nervous tremor
with which the United States is pre
paring to encounter a seventh-rate
power like Spain shows the ludicrous \
and contemptible position in which the
braggarts would have been placed had i
Lord Salisbury given President Cleve- i
land the answer he richly deserved, and !
so brought them face to face with the i
first naval power in the world."
WILL CAPTURE
CUBAN PORTS
Plans Completed for the
Invasion of the
Island.
Insurgents Will Be Near By to
Aid the Forces Sent by the
United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: Within three
days the North Atlantic squadron will
strike a blow at a Cuban port, which
will result In the seizure of an Amer
ican base of operations. On high au
thority I learned to-day that Satur
day has been determined upon as the
day of attack, and the Insurgents are
collecting in the neighborhood of the
port to be captured, for the purpose of
aiding the men-of-war in its prompt
reduction. All the necessary plans
have been perfected, and the authori
ties have high hopes that they will be
executed without much loss of life.
In order to facilitate the work of the
forces operating against the port se
lected, plans have been completed, as
the Herald stated this morning, for
making a demonstration either upon
Havana or some other point which will
draw the attention of Captain-General
Blanco, and with that officer and his
troops occupied in defending the sup
posed point of attack a second division
of the fleet will be bomDardlng the
port which will be taken, and under
the fire of its guns 2000 marines and a
number of blue jackets will be landed.
Nineteen thousand insurgents are ex
pected to aid in securing the evacuation
or capitulation of the Spanish troops
defending Havana when that point is
attacked. It is geneiTLlly understood
that the army of 15,000 men which will
be sent to the port proposed, after it
has been taken, will at once fortify the
place and through them arms and am
munition will be sent to the insurgents.
In addition, I understand, a num
ber of large field guns will be sent to
Cuba, and when the assault on Havana
is commenced, the guns will be
mounted on commanding elevations
and will aid the American men-of-war
in shelling the city.
Concerning the details of their plans,
the authorities are secretive, and be
yond admitting that the expedition is
in contemplation, they will say noth
ing. The troops which -will take part
in the expedition are those at Tampa,
Mobile and New Orleans. There are
5000 men at each of these points. Army
transports have been collected in the
gulf, and there will be a sufficient num
ber handy to take the troops when the
word is given to move after the Cuban
port has been captured.
LUMBER YARDS BURNED.
Ten Thousand Dollar Conflagration
Near Sisson.
REDDING, April 27.— A telegram was
received in this city shortly after noon
announcing the destruction by fire to-day
of the lumber yards belonging to Leland
Wood & Sheldon, about a mile this side
>f Sisson. The company owns a large
sawmill, and the lumber yards extend
along the track of the Southern Pacific
Company for nearly a quarter of a mile
The origin of the fire is not known. The
greater portion of the lumber stored in
the yards was burned. The mill escaped
destruction. The loss is estimated at
from $*000 to $10,000, partially Insured.
Menlo Park Hotel Burns.
MENLO PARK. April 27.— Shortly after
noon to-day a fire broke out in the rear
of the Park House, consuming the build
ing. A strong wind was blowing and the
flames spread to an adjoining: plumbing
shop owned by Joseph Ahlert, totally de
stroying it. The hqtel was valued at
13000 and was partially insured. There was
no insurance on the plumbing shop. The
Fire Department of Redwood City was
called, but arrived too late to be of any
assistance.
Fell to Death.
VKNTURA. April 27.-A. R. Brown, a
bridge contractor employed on the stsel
work of the Oxnard sugar factory, foil
from the seventh floor to the ground to
day and was instantly killed.
Advances piade on furniture r-d pianos, with
->r without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
ARE LOYAL TO
THEIR COUNTRY
Native Sons' Grand Parlor
Adopts Patriotic Reso
lutions.
Members of the Order Ready to
Serve Under the Old
Flag.
Election of Officers for tha Ensuing
Year Is Deferred Until
Friday.
Bp«c!»l Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 27.-Patriotlc
sentiment actuated the whole of to
day's proceedings of the Native Sons'
Grand Parlor. It found expression in
the following resolution adopted by a
unanimous vote:
The Native Sons of the Golden West in
Grand Parlor assembled, this 27th day of
April. 1898, true to our cardinal principle
of loyalty, reaffirm allegiance to our State
and our nation and with the Stars and
Stripes on our altar, renew our obligation
and declare ourselves as ever ready to
serve our country, loyal to ncr " call
whether in peai-e or war. May the fame
accorded patriotic action reward those
sons of the order now joining the ranks
of battle in response to their obligations.
They carry to the battle-field the hope
that, secure In the triumph of a righteous
cause, they may return from the conflict
to a peaceful land with its happiness and
blessings.
(Signed) GEORGE E. DE GOLIA,
FRANK L. COOMBS
FRANK D. RYAN,
THOMAS FLINT JR..
JAMES P. DOCKERY.
A. L. Morgenstern of San Francisco
moved that some action be taken ex
pressive of the feeling of the members
of the order relative to the destruc
tion of the battle-ship Maine and 260
members of her officers and crew. The
matter was, by consent, referred to a
committee instructed to prepare a suit
able resolution.
It has been decided to defer the elec
tion of grand officers to serve during
the year until Friday, as the business
that is yet to come before the body
will consume the time of to-morrow's
session. This understanding is ac
ceptable to the many candidates for
office, as it will allow them another day
In which to canvass for votes. The
contest for the seven places on the
board of grand trustees promises to be
exciting, as there are more than a
dozen candidates in the field. Grand
Marshal C. O. Dunbar is making a hard
fight for a place on the board, and his
friends believe hip prospects of being
elected particularly bright. Henry
Lichenstein of Alcatraz Parlor has
withdrawn from the contest out of
courtesy to snmo of his personal
friends, who are seeking a seat in the
board. George Dryden, whose popu
larity extends beyond the bounds of
the order, is conducting the campaign
of L. K. Hagenkamp for the position
of grand outside sentinel, and is also
assisting the candidacy of Lewis F.
Byington for re-election on the board
of trustees.
At to-day's session of the Grand Par
lor it was decided that the 9th of Sep
tember celebration for the year 1900
shall be held in San Francisco.
A committee of five was appointed to
commemorate the trials and hardship
of the Dormer party, with Instructions
to report at the next meeting of the
Grand Parlor. This is looked upon as
the beginning of a movement for the
erection of an appropriate monument.
To-day's entertainment programme
included a street parade, in which all
of the local and visiting Native Sons
participated. Other local organizations
and about 500 school children were in
the line of march. To-night the youth
and beauty of Nevada City assemble!
at Armory Hall, where there was a
grand ball In honor of the visiting na
tives.
To-morrow's programme includes a
visit to neighboring mines 'luring th«J
afternoon and an entertainment by the
Native Daughters of Laurel Parlor in
the evening.
FIRST TO THE WIRE.
Placed Horses in .Racing Events on
Eastern Tracks.
MEMPHIS. Term., April 27.— The weath
er was delightful and the track fast.
Seven furlong's, selling— Mlllstream won,
Sidonlan second, Ben Frost third. Time,
1:28%.
Four and a half furlongs — Chlmura won,
By George second, Sagltta third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— Foreseen won.Rey
Salazar second, Philip Byrnes third. Time,
I:l6M>.
One mile— Good Times won, Buckvidere
second, Estaea third. Time, 1:42%.
Six furlongs, selling— Domsie won, Dawn
second. Laurel Leaf third. Time, 1:16*4.
One mile, gentlemen riders— Protus won,
Gammadion second. Revenue third. Time,
1:49%.
CINCINNATI, April 27.— Six and a half
furlongs— Domitor won, J H C second,
The Elector third. Time, l:2oVfc.
Five furlongs, selling— King Barley Corn
won. Terrene second, Pat Garrett third.
Time. 1:02.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Annie
Taylor won. Frank Jaubert second, Ever
est third. Time. 1:50.
Six furlongs, selling— Burnap won, Duke
of Haven second, Teucer third. Time,
1:15.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling—Hap
py Hours won, Ollean second. Parson
third. Time, 1:37.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Evallne
won. Evanesce second, His Brother third.
Time, 1:49V4.
NEW YORK, April 27.-Slx furlongs—
Kinnikinnic won, Sanders second. Judge
Wardell third. Time. 1:14 2-5.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Rob
ert won, Mr. Clay second, Miss Mark
third. Time, :57 1-5.
Six furlongs, selline— Prince Auckland
won. Blue Beard second, Nearest third.
Time, 1;16 3-5.
Four and a half furlongs— Caoutchouc
won, Lady Dora second. Peace third
Time, :56.
Mile and forty yards— King T won,
Squan second, Longacre third. Time
1:48 3-5.
About seven furlongs, selling— Tobias
won. Commercial Traveler second, ZeUa
third. Time. 1:28.
FIRE AT YOUNTVILLE.
Incendiary Continues His Persecu
tion of a Woman.
NAPA. April 27.— The fourteen-room
house belonging to Mrs. Bryant was de
stroyed by fire at Yountville at 4 o'clock
this morning. The fire was probably in
cendiary, as an attempt to burn the same
dwelling was made a few days ago but
without success.
Mrs. Bryant was away from home at
the time the fire occurred, and nothing
was saved.
Less than two months ago a house be
longing to Mrs. Bryant was burned on
her ranch near Yountville.
The supposition is that some person
having a grudge against the lady is re
sponsible for the conflagrations.
The dwelling was one of the old land
marks of the village of Yountville and
was worth several thousand dollars and
was protected by $2000 insurance.
Canning Company Fails.
SANTA CRUZ, April 27.— The Corrali
tos Co-operative Drying and Canning
Company, the directors of which are R.
N. Dye*Pharles Rossi. L. A. Brewster,
Hon. Frank Aldridge, E. J. Lee, A. Brew
ster and A. W. Tate, (lied a petition in
insolvency to-day. The liabilities are
$6237 44; the assets $5986 17. The company
hs>« a. l&rre dryer and evaporator.
THE EMPOBITJM. j
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥***¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
The Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
The Matchless Ribbon Selling will continue until closing time Satur-
day in the main aisle, near rotunda.
Several new lines of goods will take the place of the Ribbons in the
already popuiar Bargain Section, rear of rotunda, opposite Book De-
partment.
The Muslin Underwear Sale (the Burns stock at 50c on the dollar)
continues on second floor.
Shirt Waists that were $1, $i.ijo and $2 on sale to-day at 50c.
The special sale of Men's Suits at $12.75 w^ positively end at
10:30 p. M. Saturday.
Six new specials in Grocery Department for Thursday and Friday.-
Popular Patriotic Concert by The Emporium Symphony Orchestra
of 20 pieces, Saturday, 7:30 P. M.
Season's Great
\ est Ribbon Sale
\^V£ffi(J]y/*^!i The Ribbons are all moved
out into the main aisle, near
/7^fs~f££ roiunda, this morning, to make
Qfr^T\\ vf^i : !■• more room for the large attend-
s%l v^^WTl ance of enthusiastic shoppers
{/JL. w ho have daily crowded the
f Bargain Section. Great
est Ribbon Sale
The Ribbons are all moved
out into the main aisle, near
ro;unda, this morning, to make
more room for the large attend-
ance of enthusiastic shoppers
who have daily crowded the
Bargain Section.
p' pm(/' . Balance of the whole-
A \ sale millinery importers'
-/'( \\ stock of Plaids, Checks,
/ j '\\ Bayadere Stripes, Ombres
/ I \ \ and Jacquards.
\/ \ \ 'Balance of the All-silk,
/ ./~ y Satin and Gros-Grain Rib-
bons of the very finest
. quality.
Sale positively ends Saturday at 10:30 p. m.
U\[one sold to the trade at these prices, but
quantity unlimited to our customers.
Read This Price List.
3^ and 4 inch Fancy Ribbons— all pure silk— per iff _
yard.... ICM -
3^ to 5 inch Fancy Ribbons— the 40c tofoc^pr r
kinds — per yard XvJL
314 to 6 inch Fancy Ribbons — styles — tj?_
worth 50c to 75c— while they last, per yard 3-JC
Satin and Gros-Grain Ribbons.
Piece. Yard. j
No. 2 — y % inch wide...- 15c ij^c
No. 3— % inch wide 1....... ...........25c 2>^c
No. — inch wide ~ ... 40c 4:
No. 7— l' + inches wide ."....50c 5c
No. .9 — \% inches wide 65c 6><c
No. — 2 inches wide 80c 8c
No. — 214 inches wide ~ $1.10 11c
No. 22— 2% inches wide ~ Si. 30 13c
No. 40 — 3J~, inches wide ~ ~ $1.70 17c
3 Dress Goods Specials.
Thursday^ Friday and Saturday Only.
. 40-inch Spring Suitings in 38 different combinations—
al!-wool cheviots, English . mohairs, jacquard brocades,
two-toned checks and melange effects. Per yard..... qf.
40 and 46 inch Spring Suiting in 30 different weaves-—
in plain and fancy checks — tweed, cheviot, raised Persian
effects, crepons, silk mixed novelties, moharanes, tzf\ r
covert mohair anJ English twills. Per yard 3vfL |
42-inch Spring Silk Mixed Novelty Suiting in 25 color
combinations— one of the most effective lines of fabrics ever j
shown — exact reproduction of the latest Paris novel- m
ties. Per yard.... DUL
First Section to the
left of Main Entrance.
$1,51.50, $2 Waists
for 50c. ~%)^
Large assortment of finest dainty "X v
Percale and Lawn Shirt Waists, all /-""■^vT^v^rCV
sizes— Regular prices were $1, $1.50 f i^X^\%C\l
and $2 each — Your choice to-day and lU. -j^ r^M\ i
while they last for J jlfe)
■B a lyfl film (v\ll /
The Grocery Specials.
For two days only — Until 6 P.M. Friday-
Order by telephone, Sc h 59, if you cannot
come in person.
Breakfast Gem, "Twin Bros." Mush and "Our Moth-
ers" Mush, regularly 10c package, for the two
days, or while the supply lasts, 4 packages ...... 25c
Imported Sardines— j^s— per can... .;...llc
Whole or Sliced Pineapple, regularly 25c can, for the ,
two days —• • ......20c
Wool Soap, the 5c size. Thursday and Friday, 8 f0r.... 25c
Kippered Herring, "C & B" English goods, regularly
25c can, for the two days :.V........'..:.:.:21c
10-ounce Candies, special per dozen ......\.. :....^9c
We quote Emporium Flour, "and there is, none belter," •
to-day at $1.30 sack... ............................$5.20 bbl
Above prices on Flour subject to change without
notice. .
fc ************************ A A* A* A* i
HEIRS FOUND
IN GERMANY
Claimants for the Estate
of a Rich Stockton
Rancher.
Four Relatives Who May In
herit Peter Christensen's
Wealth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STC)CKTON, April 27.— The only sur
viving heirs of Peter Christensen, who
died several months ago in this county,
leaving an estate valued at $150,000,
have been found. They reside in Ger
many and were cousins of the de
ceased.
The discovery of the heirs was made
by Budd & Thompson of this city, who
THE EMPORIUM.
The New Offerings, JKUs*,ft
Bargain Section. &£ St
.  the principal offer-
ings told of in our announcements, the side tables are al-
ways well filled with seasonable goods at far less than
regular prices. :
'To-day's offerings, which are good until
Saturday, 10:30 p. m., if quantities last, are:
100 dozen- Ladies' Jersey Ribbed, Fleece- lined Vests
and Pants — finished seams color cream white —
35c for Complete Suit.
20c for Single Garments.
, 300 dozen Ladies' 40-Gauge Black Cotton Seamless
Hose— double heels and toes — fast black — also black Ifl^
with white feet — per pair \\3k,
150 dozen Ladies' Fins Gauge Fancy Combination
Hose — Richelieu ribbed, colored tops and -black feet, •'■ re-
double heels and toes — fast color — per pair :. I"C
Red and Black, Lavender and Black,
Sky Blue and Black, Pink and Black. - .
400 dozen Ladies' Imported Cotton — fine gauge,
high-spliced heels and toes — Hermsdotf dye, In black IC r
and dark tan shades — pair I3C
Men's Suits at $12.75.
This important clothing •
offering will be continued Jose*\
until Saturday night. The ' fs~l
results we have had from \j£/
this sale have satisfied us. ./fY^TK
beyond a doubt that the /\L^HS^ S~^X
clothing business can be \ J^*Tl /^""""IJA
conducted on the ■ same . J"~ v, \\J /Mt\
plan, and with the same A * F ]zj .(|||J/.
i regard 'to facts that char- — r~r^p =!= /^
acterize all other v _^___X-ir--^ ! I
of this business. This F**Z~JL*
sale was announced with- JJ.
out : bombast or flour- I \
— no offerings of impose ;I/ i \
sible values at impossible " ~ y I ,\ \^'
prices— just a simple* prom- 'I A
ise that we would sell 1/1 .
suits that had formerly 1/ \
been sold at $13. 50, $15 1/ (•
and $16.50 at a uniform I I.
price of $12.75. The re- I
sponse has been so prompt,,, I] ».|
j j. L 'V\\\ j®i \\VtsS
and generous as to be^\\\O. vs^Qta-
highly gratifying, and we '.
have concluded to continue the sale, as stated,
, until Saturday night.
When you and your friends have carefully in-
spected the suit you buy if you are (j»|^ 7E
not satisfied return it and get your.... '/ 3
Muslin Underwear Bargains.
Good 75c Gowns of fine, soft-finished Muslin, two
rows of insertion, cambric ruffle on neck, yoke and ppra r
sleeves..... - - •• 3UC
A $1.25 Gown of fine soft Muslin, with 4 rows on in-
sertion, lawn ruffle on neck, yoke, shoulders and ~TS r
— only ■ -3C
Fine 50c Corset Covers, .with tucks and Insertion
and embroidery edge, V-shape, trimmed back and Af- r *
front. ;......... -
High-neck Corset Covers of cambric, with sleeves, '•
neck edged with embroidery, for shirt-waist wear... oore r
Extra Wide Cambric Drawers, deep ruffle, OOrQ r
1 edged with embroidery, yoke band, value for 60c, tor «J"C
I Pique Coats, for children- $1.95, 52.25, $3.50
Marseilles Cloaks, the best kinds only, from
$4.50 to $15.00
. /..'. ; . -
■'■-■■, ■■ ' ' ' ■ ■
Millinery Bargains.
I 85 Ladies' and Children's 75c Straw Shapes at- 5c
100 Ladies' and Children's $1 Straw Shapes at. ...... 10c
i no Ladies' and Children's $1.50 Straw Shapes at 25c
180 Large Picnic Hats, Java straw, nothing to equal
them at the price....'.......,.......... ....25c
225 Short Back Sailors', ladies' sizes, special 25c
i 500 50c Beauty Roses— red, tea and natural 18c
Millinery Department— HA';
Second Floor, front.
will represent the new claimants in the
struggle for the fortune.
Notice of the existence of the heirs
was filed in the Superior Court to-day.
When the news came that the rich
old farmer had died and that no will
could be found a number of persons
instituted search for relatives. It was
the general supposition that he had no
near kinsfolk, but Mr. Thompson as
certained his place of birth, and com
municated with the authorities there
through the German Consul of San
Francisco. Christensen was born in a
little town in Denmark, and a search
was made of the records there. It was
found that four cousins of the deceased
were still living — three women and one
man. The latter is Hans C. Thorel
sen. The family name of the women
was also Thorelsen, but they are now
married. Their marriage names aro
Catherine. M. Jaeobsen, Christine M.
Wolff and Helen M. Haverner.
In all likelihood the fortune of $150,000
will be divided among these cousins,
for the law firm says that proof of their
relationship is absolute and that it can
be proved that they are the only sur
viving heirs.
PEACE TREATY SIGNED.
Greater Republic and Costa Rica
Settle Their Dispute.
NEW YORK, April 27.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald says: Senor
Correa, Charge d'Affaires of Uie Greater
THE EMPORIUM.
Republic of Central America, received to-»
night from the Secretary of the Diet.!
Senor Mendoza, a cablegram stating that
the preliminary treaty of peace between.',
the Greater Republic and Costa Rica was/
signed yesterday.
CHILE SETTLES ITS
QUARREL WITH PERU.
Long Standing Dispute Over Con.*
quered Provinces Is at Last
Adjusted.
Copyrighted, 1595, by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, April 27.— The protocol
for a settlement of the long-pending dis
pute with Peru over the disposition of thaf
conquered provinces of Tacna and Ar!c£W
has been duly signed, and Vice-President
Blllinghurst of Peru, who conducted nego-|
tiations for his government, will return'
to Lima at once. He says that he is sat
isfied that the work accomplished will
insure lasting peace between tho two.
countries.
Falls Upon a Hayhook.
SAN JOSE, April 27.— Ruth Kammemv
the two-year-old daughter of A. Mam
merer, who lives t>n the Story road, fell
from a hay wagon this evening ani.
struck head foremost upon a hay hook
lying on the ground. The sharp pronga
entered the skull and death resulted in
a short time.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, April 27.— J. B. Moore oft
Ssjq Francisco Is at the Empire Hotel.
56
THURSDAY APRIL 28, 1898
JOHN D. ' SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Commutations J^W.J^tEAK^^j^ager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574. "-\"^f ''■'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month;
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE *»•,—« 90« Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££a Houao
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S£7 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:20 o'clock- 287 Hayes street. «Den until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl;ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518
Mission 6treet, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock '505 Polk street,. open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW.' corner Twenty-second ana
N Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser " !
Columbia — "The Nancy Hanks." •
California—'' Trilby."
Alcazar— "The Gay Parisians '
Morosco's— "The Wicklow Postman."
Tlvoll— "Sinbad the Sailor." . i
Orpheum — -Vaudeville.
Sherman, Clay Hall— Pa loma.Schramm.' matinee to-morrow.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Conoart Friday evening*! Aprt. ». ' j '■'.
Odd Fellows' Hall— Concert to-night. ;
The Chutes -Zoo, Vaudeville, and African Lion Hunt" •
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties. j
Sutro — Swimming 1 . SSJ^SI .:":',-
ElCampo — dancing 1 boating, fishinjr. every Sunday,'
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo, Inpleside— Races to-day. !
Excursion to Santa Cruz Mountains. Saturday, April 30.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April 23, Turkish Rues, at 108
Grant avenue at 'I o'clock. .
liy Yon Kheiu <fc Co— This day, April 23, Real Estate, at 63<5
Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By Frank W. Buttertield-Thls day. April 29. Furniture at
J?80 Gold- n Gtte, near First avenue, at 2 o'clock.
EVIDENCE OF REMORSE.
r^ OMMENDATION of the Morrow decision,
I which will enable the Railway Commission to
probe into Southern Pacific methods, is general.
It funds have been used for the corruption of courts
and legislatures, thwarting the purpose of wholesome
legislation, the public has a right to know it. That
the obstacles to placing Mr. Huntington on the stand
have been swept away is a matter for congratulation.
Mr. Huntington has at command a vast fund of infor
mation. He could divulge much of interest, and that
he may have an early opportunity to do so, stimulated
and encouraged by suggestions from the commission,
is a natural and proper hope.
Such is the view taken even by the Examiner, and
a more noble example of unselfishness has seldom
come to light. In order to have the wicked Mr. Hun
tington immolated it is willing to lay itself on the altar
and give the world a chance to joy in the odor of its
scorching. With fearless candor, and without heed
that attention will be drawn to its own sooty hue, the
pot has called the kettle black. Brave potl
We have the unusual experience of finding our
selves in agreement with the Examiner. Let the
operations of the Southern Pacific be laid bare. Some
of these are known in a general way, and there is a
3*earning for particulars. It is known, for instance,
that the Examiner was for a period of almost two
years receiving from the soulless corporation $1000 a
month, and when this payment was shut off without
having readied the expected aggregate of $30,000
the paper made great ado over Southern . Pa
cific sinfulness. There has never been, a full
understanding as to the terms of this payment, and
now the commission can not only find out all about
it. but do so with the full consent and approbation of
the Examiner. At least that sheet, fired by remorse
or something, declares that it wants the whole truth
brought out. It generously refrains from asking that
art exception be made in its own favor. Mr. Hun
tington has already sworn before a public body' at
Washington that he had a contract with the Exam
iner for its silence. Details are still lacking. If he
sustained a running account with that paper which
has never been closed, he can tell what it was for and
why there has been no final settlement. We are as
glad as the Examiner; possibly more so.
There are rumors that the Examiner has an in
fluence over the Commissioners, that it assumes to
tell them what they shall do. Some go so far as to
assert that Mr. Hearst thinks he can have the. com
mission, following his will, exact only such testimony
as shall reflect upon the integrity of the Huntington
policy, and leave the Examiner unspotted in its atti
tude as a reformer, no hint of its rottenness brought
to the surface. Of course this view cannot be ac
cepted. In the first place it would not be in con
sonance with the righteous indignation of the paper,
and it would call into question the good faith of the
Commissioners. Naturally the Commissioners will
by the thoroughness of their inquiry do away with
any such fallacious impression, and frankly develop
the fact that the Examiner is a rogue, even if the pang
of remorse has made it in a degree penitent; while
to stamp itself as absolutely sincere the Examiner will
be obliged to turn State's evidence and ask the mercy
of the court.
Spain is said to rely on the climate to kill American
froops. There is a possibility that American troops
will keep from getting mixed up with a climate so
sinister. In the meantime if Spanish soldiers can re
main there without food and thrive amid microbes
which would be fatal to others, they are tougher
than had been supposed.
The Spanish commander of the Philippine fleet an
nounces that he is going to capture all the American
vessels. This would be much more considerate than
to sink them, and, besides, he would find some of
them quite useful after he has scared the Americans
into the sea.
The war bulletins issued by The Call have done
good in more ways limn one. Through them the
news has been given to the public promptly, and the
bogus "extras," which were making life a burden,
have been killed off in most cheering measure.
Another man who expectorated on the floor of a
street car has been rebuked. He was not only ejected
by his whiskers, but fined in the Police Court. Serves
him right. Any man old enough to raise whiskers
ought to have sense enough to be decent.
Properly the Mangrove belongs to the feather
weight class, and yet she seems quite at home among
the middle-weights. •"
TREASURER WIDBER'S BONDSMEN.
IF the Fidelity and Deposit Company of Maryland,
the surety corporation which guaranteed the integ
rity of Treasurer Widber, succeeds in evading its
liability for the defalcation of that official it will be in
order to relegate official bonds in San Francisco to
the limbo of farce comedy. No sane person ever ex
pects individual bondsmen to pay. In the eye of the
law those bondsmen are always good fellows who
ought to be let off, or straw men whose property
never can be discovered when it becomes' desirable to
levy upon it. Personal guarantee bonds have conse
quently long been a joke. But if it shall now be
found impossible to collect from a surety corporation
the whole subject should be turned over to Sullivan,
Gilbert and Hoyt.
Still it must be admitted that, as its manager de
clares, the surety company which guaranteed Widber
has a grievance. It had a right to rely on the vigi
lance of the officials deputed by law to make a
monthly examination of the Treasurer's accounts.
The Widber policy was practically a thirty-day risk.
Unquestionably the corporation would have with
drawn from the bond or never issued it had its offi
cers supposed that the Mayor, Auditor or Superior
Judge were going to resort to "hefting" the Treas
uier's money sacks or accepting them as true to label.
The law says that they shall "see" and count the coin.
As a matter of fact they neither saw nor counted it.
Whether the failure of the Mayor, Auditor and Su
perior Judge to "see" and count this money constitutes
such a variance as will void the insurance contract of
the Fidelity and Deposit Company is a question of
law in which the public will take a lively inter
est. Whether it will be possible, in case the corpora
tion succeed in avoiding its obligation, to make
Mayor Phelan pay the shortage is another question of
law in which the public will take even a livelier in
terest. There is no difficulty, however, in reaching
| a conclusion upon both questions in advance. We do
j not hesitate to say that in our judgment the affair will
I wind iip by the taxpayers standing the loss. Neither
the surety company nor Mayor Phelan will pay;
Auditor Broderick and Judge Bahrs cannot pay, hav
ing nothing with which to pay, and as the taxpayers
have plenty they will have to pay.
This result has been foreshadowed to some extent
by. the course of Widber himself. When he began
stealing he considerately released his individual |
bondsmen and took out a policy in a foreign surety j
company. This was very kind of him. Probably had j
he anticipated that Mayor Phelan might be held re- !
! sponsible he would have persuaded that gentleman to i
deed his property to trustees and take out a surety I
; bond in some other foreign corporation himself, j
! Evidently Widber intended to rob the taxpayers or
: the Man-land- Surety Company — which seems to have
| been immaterial.
One thing, however, may be considered certain.
If Mayor Phelan squirms when his liability becomes
fixed — if it ever is fixed — he may as well retire from
politics. An attempt to evade returning to the tax
payers the $117,000 stolen by Widber will give to his
public spirit and patriotism such a sickly, mercenary
hue that the push of all parties will speedily inter him
in the political cemetery, unwept, unhonored and un
sung.
THE GERMAN ATTITUDE.
I 7 HILE Great Britain has been prompt to re
\A / spond to the notice given by our Government
■ of the existence of war: with Spain, other na
tions have been less regardful, and irom Berlin comes
the report that Germany, while . observing a strict
neutrality, will not at any time issue a formal declara
tion to that effect, "having determined to reserve for
itself perfect freedom of action."
In adopting this course the German Government
follows the policy it pursued during the war between
Turkey and Greece. Perhaps there is some advan
tage in such a position, which is known to diplomat
ists, although it is not clear to the eyes of outsiders.
Germany may have had interests to guard in the fight
over Crete that would have been jeoparded by a for
mal declaration of neutrality, but it is not apparent to
the world that she has any over here that could be
injured by hex neutrality or bettered by her active in
terference.
The attitude taken by the Berlin Government is
exactly that outlined and advocated by German news
papers for some time past, and the fact leads to the
conclusion that the press must have been more or
less inspired by high officers of state. Upward of a
week ago our dispatches from Berlin gave an elab
orate review of an article in the Hamburger Nach
richten, urging neutrality, but declaring German in
terests must be watched, and closing with the state
ment, "German theoretic opposition to Monroeism
can be practically enforced only when German inter
ests are at stake, which is not now the case."
It is worth noting that nearly all leading German
papers, while adverse to American interference in
Cuba, are none the less aware that the sentiment of
the large German population in the United States is
as loyal to this Government and as ardent in patriotic
devotion to the cause for which America fights as that
of any other citizens of the country. All of them,
moreover, recognize the importance of respecting in
Germany the sentiment of the German-Americans.
Even the Nachrichten, while asserting the need of a
close watch to protect German interests, adds: "At
tention must be paid to the feelings of Germans in the
United States." The sentiment of American citizens
of German descent and the trade with the home coun
try growing out of it is in fact one of the greatest in
terests Germany has in this hemisphere. It is the one
she should most carefully guard.
Taking all things into consideration, the announced
resolve of the Kaiser's Government to issue no forma!
declaration of neutrality, but to reserve to itself per
fect freedom of action, is hardly much more than a
piece of diplomatic stage play. It sounds, indeed, like
the voice of one who expects to be called on to in
terfere before the fight is over, but the meaning may
be quite different. At the present outlook, at any
rate, German interference is as unlikely as that of
Great Britain. . . •
Sausalito, by determining to have open pool
rooms, displays a certain sort of enterprise. The
little suburb does not propose that its young men
shall be obliged to leave home in order to have their
lives corrupted. If they find it necessary, as is often
the case, to steal in order to be able to play the races,
at lenst they must spend their stealings at home. The
village fathers seem to have overlooked the question
of morality, but their commercial instinct comes out
clear arid strong.
A question seems likely to arise soon as to what a
bond given by a public official is for. There was
formerly a theory that the protection of the
public was one of the considerations.
Another feature of the "extras" is mat they are
teaching, the innocent newsboy to lie in a loud and
jarring voice.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, IS9B.
THE SPIRIT OF ANARCHY.
THE record of several anarchists who, by bomb
throwing and other forms of assassination, have
brought themselves into positions in which their
lives could be laid bare furnishes an interesting
study.
They have usually been found to have lived in vio
lation of the moral law which . was in force among
men before national codes were formed, and is under
stood to restrain men even when they are beyond the
reach of codes and statutes. Their domestic rela
tions are frequently illicit, and their ideas of rights of
property are not derived from the Ten Command
ments.
As organized society and the laws of states are
based upon the rights of person and property and de
fend the moral foundation of the domestic relations,
anarchy lifts its hand against society and against gov
ernment.
When confronted with such records as are revealed
by the arre3t of anarchists who have been guilty of
assassination it is their practice to reply that the
moral offenses committed by them are also practiced
by others who profess to support organized society
and to support government.
That is obviously true. But such violators of the
moral code are secret sinners who realize their of
fense and conceal it, and shrink from making its prac
tice the social rule by the destruction of government
and its institutions.
The spirit of anarchy is one that resists moral re
straint, that chafes under the discipline of institutions
and strikes impartially at church and state, because
each is in its way the agent of morality and discip
line.
It would seem, then, that anarchy is the cult of ab
normal man, of the class of atavists who reject every
thing that has come into the world with civilization.
Those who publicly propagate it are the apostles
of crime, the evangelists of assassination.
Their cry to the laboring man is that he is a siave,
and no means are omitted to embitter him and make
him an agent in the destruction of civilization and
government.
It needs no profound knowledge or exalted intelli
gence to discern the motives or deny the premises of
anarchy. Modern civilization, which it attacks, has
lifted the face of labor from the ground and turned
it to the stars. It has taken labor in the mass out of
serfdom into independence, out of a hut into a house.
It has dotted the nations with schools wherein the
sons and daughters of laboring men have been freely
offered the opportunity for a better education than
was within the reach of princes a thousand years
Government and civilization have put the personal
and property rights of labor on exactly the same
footing and under the same judicial protection as the
rights of the rich, born in purple.
The improved economic conditions, due to modern
civilization, have put over labor a shelter, into its life
comforts and on its table food that were the exclu
sive possession of royalty and nobility five hundred
years ago.
So government and social institutions can point to
what they have done for the enfranchisement of man
since the Dark Ages. To what can anarchy point as
its achievements for humanity? To the innocent
torn to shreds by dynamite; to the President of a
republic murdered in his carriage; to a Czar who de
creed freedom and ownership of land to 25,000,000
serfs, assassinated in the streets of St. Petersburg;
to a score of faithful policemen, murdered in Haymar
ket square while doing their duty as protectors of
person and property. What has all this crime and
violence done for labor? Has it given wages, shelter,
food and schooling? Has it advanced man a step in
the path of further progress which civilization has
opened to him? ■ ' .
Let it blazon its achievements and inform labor of
the mighty things it has wrought for those who toil,
that the world may strike a balance between murder
and civilization as a means for the uplifting of the
race.
GUARDSMEN AND VOLUNTEERS.
AN interesting point in relation to the proposed
wholesale transfer of the National Guard or
ganizations into the Volunteer Army is raised
by the Brooklyn Eagle in the assertion that the mem
bers of the National Guard cannot legally resign
from that force in which they are now enlisted nor
enter the Volunteer Army until their enlistment terms
have expired.
The point is of no practical importance at this mo
ment, for the American people have a rough and
ready way of overriding legal technicalities when they
stand in the way of any action on which the whole
nation is resolved. Nevertheless the issue is worthy
of consideration, for technicalities of law when
brushed aside have a fashion of coming tip at times
in unexpected ways to torment a good many people.
If, therefore, there is any obstacle of that kind in the
way of transferring guardsmen into the Volunteer
Army it ought to be removed by law, so that it may
never hereafter cause wrong or injury to any citizen.
The Volunteer Army as provided for by Congress
is to be essentially different from the .National Guard.
It is organized for different purposes and is under
different control. The man who enters the Volunteer
Army retires by that act from the National Guard.
Nevertheless, the Secretary of War, in issuing his
call upon the Governors of the various States for their
quotas of volunteers, says it is desired "as far as prac
ticable the National Guard be given the preference."
This preference will of course be complied with by
the Governors, and the enlistment of the guards will
be encouraged. When this has been done, and the
National Guard has faded away into the Volunteer
Army, what force is to do the duty formerly attended
to. by the guard?
The Eagle says the War Department is in the
wrong "when it intimates that it will not accept the
services of the National Guard unless its members re
sign from their commands and enlist in the army with
other volunteers who are coming in from all over the
country." It is not clear, however, how the War De
partment, could have done otherwise. The Govern
ment wishes the guardsmen because they are better
drilled, than other citizens and because they are al
ready organized, but it cannot accept them on differ
ent terms from other volunteers who are to be their
comrades, to serve in the same regiments and often
in the same companies.
The tangle is not a very serious one, but it may give
rise to complications later on, and the military
authorities ought to straighten it out at once and
make a fair start. The young hero who goes to the
front cannot expect to understand everything in re
gard to- his situation in the campaign or in the battles
that are to come, but he ought to be enabled to know
whether he is a volunteer or a guardsman.
Of course the story that the powder works explo
sion was the work of a Spanish spy appeared in due
season.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
To judge from Mme. Albanl's experi
ences, Australia must be a "land of Co
caigne" for famous American singers.
The prima donna has been making a tour
of the country with her own troupe, and
she was everywhere received with as
much prestige as if she had been a poten
tate visiting a nation of faithful subjects.
In the cities the civic authorities vied
with one another in receiving her with the
greatest pomp, but what will strike
greater astonishment into the minds of
Americans is the fact that the railroad
companies entered into the most zealous
competition to see which could claim the
honor of having rendered Albani's transit
over its line the most agreeable. At Vic
toria the private car belonging to the
Governor of the province was given over
to Albani's use, and all over the country
the best sleeping cars were placed gratis
at the disposal of her and her troupe.
MME. ALBANI, Whose Tour Has Resembled a. Royal Progress.
(From a Recent Photograph.)
The whole tour was one long triumph.
One reason for the official character given
by the Australians, to Albani's tour was
no doubt the warm esteem-and friendship
in which she is held by Queen Vivtoria.
She has many times sung "by command"
at court, but, more than that, she has
been received in an informal and entirely
friendly way by the Queen — an honor
never bestowed by Victoria on any
woman, however exalted her rank, unless
her. name is spotlessly above reproach.
Aibani has been for nearly a quarter of a
century one of the most popular prima
donnas in London, and her Australian tri
umph is only the culmination of her Lon
don career.
Albert Carre, director of the Opera Co
mique, has announced that Paris is two
centuries behind the age in the matter of
stage mechanism. The only French the
ater that possesses revolving scenes is the
Varieties. The system is simple. It con
sists of a vast round floor which occupies
the entire depth of the stage, and on
which two scenes can be set, back to
back, so to speak, with all their lighting,
scenery and' accessories. Scene I turns
when it is no longer needed and gives
place to scene 11, which has been set for
the second act before the performance be
gan. While act II is being played the
scenery of act I is replaced by the scen
ery of act 111, which by another rota
tion comes to the front as soon as act II
is ended. These successive changes can,
of course, be continued indefinitely, and
their effect Is .to reduce the entr'actes to
a minimum. Even the revolving scene of
the Varieties is rudimentary compared to
the mechanism of some of the German
theaters. At Munich, stage mechanism
reaches its highest pitch of modernity. In
fact, the idea of a revolving scene at all
is due to King Louis II of Bavaria, who
evolved it years ago' in making experi
ments in models for stage settings for
Wagner's operas. At the Munich Deut
sches Theater, which is built of iron and
cost nearly a million and a quarter dollars,
the whole stage mechanism is performed
by electricity. An electric dynamo works
the machinery and one man, seated be
fore an indicator, can, by pressing a but
ton, perform the work of a whole army of
scene-shifters. In this way fhere are
scarcely any waits between the acts, and
the audience is sent home betimes. The
only local theater-goers who would com
plain if San Francisco caught up with the
age are the gentlemen who go out "to see
a man" between the acts. The leading
London theaters have had revolving
scenes for years.
In Europe— and, unfortunately, also in
America— an impression seems to prevail
that "Robin Hood" is the highest oper
atic flight expected of the American com
poser, and that "Ma Angeline" is a very
fair sample of native talent for song writ
ing. Legrand Howland promises to wipe
away the mistaken Impression that the
United States possesses no serious com
posers, and he is accomplishing the feat
by striving to get European indorsement.
The Paris Figaro says oi' some excerpts
from his opera, "Nita," which were re
cently performed under his ov/n direction
at Monte Carlo:' "The extreme youth of
the composer certainly counted in the
spontaneity of the enthusiastic reception
awarded him, but his music shows a very
abundant and facile temperament. He
possesses melodic and harmonic inven
tion, and he especially appeals to his
hearers by the great variety of his or
chestral coloring. This interesting debut,
consecrated by unanimous applause, gives
reason to hope that Legrand Howland
may take place among our best operatic
composers." The latter remark shows
that Howland has enough talent for
France to stand ready to adopt him. If
France adopted Mc*Dowell and a few
other gifted Americans they would prob
ably receive the recognition they deserve
at .home.
The European papers give long para
graphs to the wonderful success obtained
at Venice by a new oratorio, "The Trans
figuration," written by a young priest
composer, Dom Perosi. The enthusiasm
of the Venetians has taken such extra
ordinary proportions that other Italian
towns are clamoring to hear "The Trans
i figuration," and the foreign musical cen
ters have telegraphed to the composer for
the right to perform his work. Clamorous
crowds attended the five performances at
Venice, where Dom Perosi conducted, and
as the secular and royalist press was not
likely to show any special favor to the
work, on account of its composer's cloth,
it is generally conceded that the eulogistic
criticisms were due to the real beauty of
the music. Dom Perosi, who is worn out
with fatigue and the excitement attend
ing his. unexpected notoriety, has hitherto
refused to entertain any propositions for
performing his music abroad. He has,
however, consented to go to Milan and
conduct his oratorio some time during
the second week in May.
The new- director of Ihe Imperial Opera
of Vienna Is making- himself so hated
that a general uprising- among the sing
ers and dancers Is expected at any time.
He has promulgated a code of Draconic
I laws and by-laws which deprive the em
ployes of the Opera of all personal lib
erty. No artist can go outside Vienna,
even on the day's when he is not Singing,
without written permission from the
management, and whether there is a re
hearsal or not, the entire corps de ballet
i has to sign a rollcall at 11 o'clock every :
: morning. Schroeder and Marie JRenard :
I have refused to renew their engagements,
and all the lesser singers are contemplat- i
| ing escape from the thralldom of the Vi
enna Opera. Marie Renard is an idol of
the Viennese public, and it will be hard
to replace her.
The Italian papers state that since the i
death of his wife Verdi can no longer j
bear to live at his beautiful villa of j
Sant Agata, where he lived so happily for
years with Signora Verdi. He has de
; cided to settle in Milan and will take up
! his quarters at the Milan Hotel (Albergo !
i Milano), where he will retain the suite i
lof apartments to which the proprietor ;
j years ago gave his name. The Milan ;
Hotel has always been his headquarters
when in the capital of Lombardy. but he '
has objected to remaining long in Milan, {
as admiring crowds followed him when- j
ever he went out. No doubt the aged i
maestro hopes the familiarity will pre
vent the Milanese public from annoying
him in this way.
Mme. Schumann-Helnk, the famous
contralto, has written to deny the rumor
| that her ten years' contract with the
'< Berlin opera would prevent her from
j singing at the Metropolitan next season, j
j She says she will positively appear. The i
: letter is to a private friend. t Referring to i
! the sudden taking oft of Anton Seidl. j
! Mme. Heink says she thinks the gap will I
! be hard to fill, but from information re- |
ceived from Maurice Grau she says Herr I
Mottl, Arthur Nikisch and Dr. Muck are
being negotiated with, the chances being
greatly in favor of Dr. Muck's coming.
At Candia, in an old monastery of Ven
etian monks, a number of interesting and
hitherto unknown documents have been
| discovered, relative to Othello, who com- |
! manded the eralleys of the Venetian re- ',
I public and won several naval victories, i
I These documents state, among other i
I things, that Desdemona survived the '
; famous Moor of Venice many years. ;
This is overturning romance with a yen
! geance. Since Shakespeare's time a
! number of famous musicians have told in
| lyric strains the fate of Desdemona, and
now it appears she was not smothered at
! all. Instead of being a poor victim sing
| ing touching ditties. Desdemona lived to
! become "the widow Othello."
The Berlin papers announce that Wein
, gartner has been offered the conductor
i-ship of Grau's season of German opera
:at the Metropolitan next season. The
sum named as the inducement is $15 000.
; Nikisch, according to the same authority,
has been offered the conductorship of the
: permanent symphony orchestra at an hon
ararium of $20,000 a year. On account of
previous engagements both Weingartner
and Nikisch have refused the tempting
: offers.
The German opera season as the Im
! perial Mario Theater of St. Petersburg
, has been a bis: success. On the final
; night of the season the Emperor and the
; entire court were present, and by im
; perial request Wagner was shelved for
j Gounod, whose ".Romeo and Juliet"
formed the bill. The De Reszke brothers
and Mme. Bolska of the Imperial Opera
| were almost smothered in flowers at the
', end of the performance.
Mile. Berthet is wearing Sibyl Sander
; son's mantle in Massenet roles at the
Paris Grand Opera. She is a Belgian, and
is one of the hardest students on the
; lyric stage. On the nights when she does
j not sing she is In constant attendance at
I the opera to see if she can learn even an
expressive look or a gesture from her
fellow singers.
At Berlin a society of musicians has
been founded whose object is to perform
j the unpublished works of living compos
■, ers. This society is called the Fafner
\ Brotherhood. It will be remembered that
I Fafner Is the name of the monster who
in Wagner's opera guards the Rhine gold.
Maurice Grau has engaged Herman
Devrles, at present the basso cantate of
the Paris Opera Comique, to sing at tha
Metropolitan in New York next winter.
THE DAY HAVANA FELL.
"Come, tell us how Havana fell.
In eighteen ninety-eight: •>
Now, please, good Uncle Amos, do;
Don't say it is too late;
But tell us how the Yankee ships
Set all the Cubans free
And drove the cruel Spanish don«
Back home across the sea.
You saw the smoke and heard the gum
And know the story well
For you were on the Terror there
■ The day Havana fell."
"Yes. I was there, but on that day.
When shells began to screech,
I longed to be at home again
On Jersey's peaceful beach.
The Terror and the Puritan
Firet bore the battle's brunt.
Then came the Texas, fort of steel.
To take the Yankee front.
The air grew black; the sea grew whIUJ
Each ship became a hell.
I hardly think that I'll forget
Tha day Havana fell.
"Like blacksmiths at their forges red.
The runners tolled away.
Dumb, bronze machines, they aimed and flre4
For nearly half a day.
The awful gas from powder smoke
Seemed like the grip of death.
And more than one poor fellow dropped,
While gasping vain for breath.
And every time the turret sides
V.'c-rn struck by shot or shell.
We thought the world to end had com*.
The day Havana fell.
"Old Morro's gloomy castle wall*
Belched forth the Spanish hate.
And now and then huge bolts of steel
Pierced through our armor plate.
Their cannon shrieked from Cabanas;
The Punta battery's bark
Was nearly drowned by Reina's run*.
But all were hushed by dark.
On through that hail of lead and Iron,
'Midst terrors none can tell.
Our gallant ships all fought their way.
The day Havana fell.
"And while we struck them from the sea.
Old Gomez and his band
Swooped down with vengeful merciless might.
Ana smote them on the land.
'Remember Maceo!' they yelled,
And whirled the dread machete.
'The martyrs of tbf Maine!' we cried—
The wp.tchword of the fleet.
The fight was over ere the dusk;
'Peace. rang the vesper bell.
Its pure tones tolled for brave men ton*,
The day Havana fell.
"The heroes of that day you know;
Scores died, but scores yet live
To wear the precious laurel crown*
That grateful nations give.
Once more is <Cuba Antilles' gem.
For joy and/plenty reign.
The laugh of happy children now
Is heard on hill and plain,
Barbaric warfare no more stalks.
Despoiling field and dell.
The butcher's rule its end did reacn
The day Havana fell.
—Robert H. Hazard In Washington Post.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CUCAMONGA-A. M. H., New York
City N-. Y. Cuoamonga is in San Bernar
dino' County, Cal. It is distant by rail
from San Francisco 524 miles, is on the
Yuma division of the Southern Pacific,
forty- two miles from Los Angeles.
RED CROSS SOCIETY-E. L,. and
others. The Call from day to day will
give all the information obtainable about
the Red Cross Society that is being or
ganized in this city. Watch the columns
of this paper and you will be thoroughly
informed on the subject.
THE SUPREME COURT— Subscriber,
Berkeley. The Justices of the Supreme
Court of the United States are: Melville
W. Fuller (Chief), John M. Harlan, Horace
Gray. David J. Brewer, Henry . B Brown,
George Shiras Jr., Edward D. \Mllte, Ru
fus W. Peckham and Joseph McKenna,
ARMY AND NAVY— A. S. ( City. A
number of young men have in time of
peace risen from the ranks at the Pre
sidio and have been commissioned sec
ond lieutenants. In time of peace gradu
ates of the naval academy at Annapolis
are assigned to vacancies on ships, ana
if there is a surplus of graduates each
year such are given an honorable dis
charge, together with a certificate or
graduation and one yearns sea pay.
PARLIAMENT ARY-O. H.. Oat Hill,
Cal. When there is a resolution before^
the house it is in order to move to amend,
to amend the amendment or to offer a
substitute for the whole. If the question
[is under debaie no raotion shall be re
1 ceived but to adjourn, to lay on the table.
i to postpone indefinitely, to postpone to a
! certain day. to commit, or to amend,
which several motions shall have prece
! dence in the order they stand arranged:
and the motion to adjourn shall always
' be in order and shall be decided without
i debate. The presiding officer of an or
1 ganized body is not empowered to call
> for an adjournment while he is in the
chair while there is a motion pending
! or other business, but he may. if the rule
is— as in certain societies— that no busi
ness can be transacted after a stated
hour drew attention to the fact that the
hour for adjournment is at hand. In such
! a case, if no motion to adjourn Is made,
i the chairman must adjourn the meeting.
THE SYSTEM IS WRONG.
Ex-Minister Phelps, in The Call of April
23, says the American cannot equal the
'• English navy because we have not the
i men. We have the men, but the best
Americans will not enter the navy until
there is a chance to wont up by merit to
a commission. Once a sailor always a
sailor is contrary to the American idea,
A. SKINNER.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Search any married man in March and
you will find a tape-measure on him.
A man can always tell when a girl is
trying to look conscious and embar
rassed.
No girl who is eating candy all the time
ever has the proper appreciation of kiss
ing.
It is probably lucky that men can't have
their choice between the smallpox ard
houseeleaning.
Onions don't grow on a mistletoe tree.
Some men's wives will be terribly
shocked on the Day of Judgment.
A man can very seldom cry when ha
feels like it; a woman can very seldom
feel like it when she cries.— New York
Press.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's."
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
i Tress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), alO Mont-
I gomery street. Telephone Main \.vu.
■ The oldest bank note in the world was
printed in China in 1368-thirty-t wo years
before Gutenberg, the reputed imentor
of printing, was born. It was issued
300 years before bank notes were circu
lated in Europe.
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitte3S Is In
dorsed by physicians and chemists for purit y
Don't be defrauded by acepptintr a substitute.
Fob Allaying Hoarseness and Irritation
of the Throat, '•Brown's Bronchia^ Troche*" are
wonderfully effective. AtoM Imitations.
The hottest region on earth is on tho
southwestern coast of Persia, where Per
sia borders the gulf of the same name.
For forty consecutive days in July and
August the thermometer has been known
not to fall lower than 100 degrees, night
or day, and often to run up as high as
12S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is tho highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
ROVM. BAKtWO K)WOE« 08., OTW YORK.NATIVE SONS CHEER THE RED CROSS FLAG.
"HOW ARE YOU, SANITARY ?"
Down the picket-guarded lane
Rolled the comfort-laden wain,
Cheered by shouts that shook the plain,
Soldier-like and merry ;
Phrases such camps may teach,
Saber cuts of Saxon speech,
Such as, "Bully 1" "That's the peach I"
"Wade in, Sanitary."
Right and left the caissons drew
As the car went lumbering through,
Quick succeeding in review .'.
Squadrons military ;
Sunburnt men, with beards like frieze;
Smooth-faced boys, and cries like these ;
"U. S. San. Com. !" "That's the cheese 1""
"Pass in, Sanitary."
In such cheer it struggled on
Till the battle front was won ;
Then the car, its journey done,
Lo, was stationary ;
And where bullets whistling fly
Came the sadder, fainter cry,
"Help us, brothers, ere we die-
Save us, Sanitary."
Such the work. The phantom flies,
Wrapped in battle clouds that rise ;
But the brave, whose dying eyes,
Veiled and visionary^
See the jasper gates swung wide,
See the parted throng outside,
Hear the voice to those who ride —
"Pass in, Sanitary."
IN the troops to march away from
California will be many native sons.
They will go willingly, eagerly, and
know that the love of the State that
sends them forth will follow them to
bivouac and battle-field, may reach
them as they lie in distant hospitals, and
will inspire countless prayers for their
safe return. They will know this, be
cause the people will bid them godspeed
with tears and cheers. They will re
member it because all that is possible
to do for their welfare will be done.
This State proposes that her sons shall
have every comfort that can find its wav
into the haunts of war. The red cross
waves close to the stars and stripes.
Yesterday the Grand Parlor of Na
tive Sons in session at Nevada City
passed a resolution favoring the work
of the Sanitary Commission. That the
resolution carried an appropriation of
$100 was a pleasant incident. It was an
earnest of sincerity. It meant more than
words alone. The Native Sons are not
only in sympathy with the movement,
but they realize that many of their own
number will go to the front, and they do
not shrink from the possibility that
some may never return.
In this city the red cross has nothing
but friends. Everybody is anxious to
help the cause along, and nothing but
the exact opportunity is lacking. Or
ganization could not be accomplished
in an hour, but it is almost complete,
and soon the method by which each one
may assist will be understood. The
Board of Education has decided to per-
IS BEING
RAILROADED,
SHE THINKS
Mrs. Grainer. an Old
Woman, Charged
With Insanity.
Judge Coffey Ordered
Her .Locked Up in
the Hospital.
Rabbi Nieto Declares That Her
Relatives Are Trying to
Get Rid of Her.
SECURES HER RELEASE.
Possessed of Considerable Money-
Loft Her by Her Deceased
Husband.
For a few hours yesterday afternoon
Mrs. Bertha Grainer, an old woman j
■who lives in Alameda, was locked up !
In a padded cell in the insane ward of
the Receiving Hospital. She was or- I
dered Into custody by Judge Coffey, |
pending an examination as to her \
sanity.
Angered at what he termed a dellb- j
crate attempt to railroad an unfortu- .
nate woman to the Insane asylum i
Rabbi Nieto last night visited the Re- j
reiving Hospital and secured her re- |
lease.
Sonic time ago the husband of Mrs. !
Grainer died, leaving her an estate •
valued at several thousand dollars. She ''■
employed Attorney Peixotto to assist ■
her in getting possession of the estate,
and according to her story she gave j
him $800 as a retainer.
Several relatives of the old woman, i
becoming alarmed at what they termed i
her "extravagance," petitioned Judge |
Coffey to declare her incompetent and j
also to appoint a guardian over her.
Yesterday the matter was heard, and :
as the unfortunate woman realized that I
an effort was being made to "Job" her, I
as she expressed It, she became ex
cited and proceeded to denounce the pe
titioners. Thinking that she was men
tally unbalanced Judge Coffey ordered
his bailiff to take her Into custody and |
BRET HARTE.
Mit school children to hold fairs for the
purpose of raising funds, but it is stip
ulated that all offerings shall be volun
tary. There is tobe nothing in the na
ture of an assessment.
Monday night there is to be a meeting
at the California Hotel at which de
tails will be arranged. , The proper
committees once appointed, an execu
tive staff at work, and the money will
come pouring in. Such a small sum is
needed that if any embarrassment, arise
it will be due to a surplus. Yet no gen
erous impulse is to be checked by this
possibility. The sum asked will repre
sent the actual and pressing necessity.
It has been estimated that for the care
of the California volunteers there must
be provided a little more than Soooo.
This will be for the present volunteers.
But soldiers of the regular army are al
ready in the South, having gone from
this post. Although they came from
various parts of the Union, California
now regards them as her own. And
there is no telling what the future may
hold. It may be that there will be an
other call and more taken to the front.
Above all it must be remembered that
the red cross gathers under its folds
no element of selfishness. Wherever
there are men in pain it waves for all.
Wherever there is opportunity to bring
a cup of cold water to fevered lips the
red cross is the emblem. So there is
no need to think that because the sum
specifically called for is small there
should be laxity of effort. No amount
that could be raised would be in any
lock her up on a charge of insanity.
She was then taken to the Receiving
Hospital and thrown in a padded cell.
A friend, learning of her sad predica
ment, at once communicated with
Rabbi Nleto with the result that he
lost no time in reaching the hospital.
After a short conversation with the
woman he became convicted that she
was sane and he sent for Wallace Wise,
his attorney. They both declared that
it was an outrage to have locked the
woman up and at once proceeded to
secure her release. Meeting Dr. L,us
tig, one of the Commissioners of In
sanity, they told him of the action of
Judge Coffey and requested him to have
a talk with Mrs. Grainer. the doctor
subsequently visited the hospital, and,
after a short conversation with the
woman, gave as his opinion that she
was sane. He then ordered the hospi
tal authorities to release her.
Amid many exclamations of joy Mrs.
Grainer left the hospital after fre
quently thanking Rabbi S'ieto and Dr.
Lustig for their efforts in securing her
release.
Rabbi Nieto has known the woman
for nearly five years, and during that
time he says he never discovered any
symptoms of insanity.. He strongly
believes that her relatives are doing
all in their power to have her com
mitted to the insane asylum in the
hope of getting possession of the estate
left by her husband. .__
A NOVEL "GRAB-BAG."
Ladies Will Introduce the Feature at
the Masonic Festival.
On c of the novelties at the coming Ma
sonic festival will be what is popularly
known as the "grab bag" and the mem
bers of Harmony Chapter, who will liave
charge of this booth, claim that the prizes
will be both of a novel and interesting na
ture. Instead of the familiar bags dis
played at fairs there will be wells, one of
which will be reserved exclusively for the
prizes which will touch the male taste.
This booth has already secured a number
of valuable donations which include
pianos, sewing machines, a silver tea set; I
bicycles, books, etc. Everything will be j
sold or auctioned off before 'May 14. Mrs. I
A. A. Melberry, the secretary, and Mrs. j
F. Junker, the treasurer, have secured all '
the necessary furniture -for an annex, i
which will be fitted out in cozy style and I
where the ladies will entertain their
friends nightly. • . • ,•
An enticing array of choice flowers
has been secured for the sale which will
take place at 16 Post street to-day, and
all the choicest will go under the ham- '
mer. The list includes begonias, moun
tain lilies, roses, carnations, violets, sweet
peas, rare ferns and palms.
Gentlemen who pride themselves on
their ability to recognize a choice brand
of cigars will have their opportunity at
the smoking bee. The best brands will be ;
furnished and comfortable apartments
and plenty of space for those who wish '
to lounge or enjoy their smoke en prome- !
nade. The ladies will be costumed in the
colors of the Cuban republic and will dis
pose of the production's of our little island
neighbor.
The German Masons of Hermann Lodge
No. 127 propose to make a special- effort.
R. Sternitzky,. who is the master, with
John ; Fischer, C. E. Rohte, H. Geilfuss I
and a few others have determined during j
the week •that the Interest the German ,
Masons have in the completion of the j
homo shall be properly, displayed, and
other German-Americans are equally en
thusiastic. " , . "
'- '■ .';'■■'.-.' . ' ' ', ♦» v .
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
five credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6 & 7.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUESDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
measure wasted. There are citizens in
plenty who might be willing: to write
a check for the entire amount, but the
people feel that each desires to contri
bute. The sum must represent more
than money. It must be a tribute from
the people to the brave boys come to
the front, a token of common patriot
ism, an offering from friend to friend.
NATIVE SONS
PLEDGE SUPPORT.
The Red Cross League of
Vital Importance to
the Order.
NEVADA CITY, April 27.— The Na
tive Sons of the Golden West are for
war. The ten thousand members of the
order, through their representatives
who are here as delegates to the Grand
Parlor, have made a public declaration
of their patriotism and declared their
willingness and readiness to shed their
biood for the flag of their country. This
was a day long to be remembered in
the history of the order because it was
devoted almost wholly to the expression
of sentiments that breathed of love of
country and the desire to let the world
know that the Native Sons of Califor
nia are ready to lay down their lives
in the service of the State and the na
tion.
Not only this but the delegates to the
Grand Parlor gave practical proof of
the earnestness of their loyalty by
pledging their moral and material sup
port of the recently organized Red
Cross League, which has for its object
the sanitary equipment of the brave
men who will form California's quota
of volunteers for immediate service in
the war with Spain. The approval of
the order and the support of the order
has been pledged to this humane work
and as an earnest of what may be ex
pected In future the Grand Parlor has
donated the sum of $100 to aid in pro
viding California's heroes with . what
may be necessary to alleviate their suf
ferings from wounds and from sickness
on the field of battle.
This action took the form of a resolu
tion introduced by five members who
had been selected by the Grand Parlor
as a committee to consider measures
involving the causes of the present war
with Spain. When presented to the
main body E. L. Head of San Fran
cisco proposed the adoption of the reso
lution. This was acceded to without
debate and the motion was carried
without a dissenting vote. The resolu
tion is as follows:
Whereas, The patriotic men and women
of California having organized a Red
Cross League, to the end that the brave
men who are tor lend their lives to the
service of the nation may be better pro
vided with sanitary equipment and may
receive on the field of battle such care
and attention as will in a measure allevi
ate their sufferings from wounds and
from sickness, therefore he it
Resolved, That the Grand Parlor of the
.Native Sons of the Golden West does
hereby heartily indorse the action and ap
plaud the humane and patriotic senti
ments that prompted it. And be it further
Resolved, That the grand treasurer be
and Is hereby authorized to pay " to' the
president of the California Red Cross
League the sum of $10). which sum to be
used In assisting: the work of the league.
And be it further
Resolved, That the attention of subordi
nate parlors of this order throughout the
State be- called to this good work and
that they be recommended to lend it such
support and sympathy as may under the
circumstances be possible.
GEORGE E. DE GOLIA.
FRANK' L. COOMBS.
FRANK P. RYAN.
THOMAS FLINT JR.
JAMES P. DOCKERY.
Many of the delegates say that they
consider the organization of the Red
Cross League a matter that is of par
ticular and vital Interest to the Native
Sons as there are many members Qf the
BUNKO MEN
WHO BOAST
OF A "PULL"
Caught in the Act
of "Working" a
Stranger.
Five of Them Arrested
by the Harbor Po
lice.
After Spending a Few Hours in
Jail Judge Low Comes to
Their Rescue.
ARE CLEVER "GRAFTERS."
Their Bail Fixed a[ the Ridiculously
Low Sum of Twenty-Five
Dollars Each..
Policemen Ellis and Shaw yesterday ar-
I rested five bunko men while in the act
j of robbing a gullible stranger in a water
; front saloon. At the Harbor police sta
tionthey gave the names of Joseph Wilr
J son, "William Hartman, George Lester,
i Gus Smith and William Riley. Hartman
! was dressed as a "hoosier," and when
asked his occupation he modestly re
marked that he was a "farmer."
Shortly after the men were arrested
another of the gang, who managed to
elude the policemen, visited the office of
Attorney Arthur Mack and gave him $125
in gold as bail money for his imprisoned
companions.
The attorney at once sought Judge
Low, who was holding court at the time,
and informed him that he was ready to
furnish bail for the five bunko men. For
some unexplained reason Low set their
bail at the ridiculously small amount of
$25 each, notwithstanding, it is claimed,
that the arresting officers had informed
him of the dangerous character of the
men. As the clerk of the court was not
present, Judge Low consented tn take the
money and deposit it wltn the desk ser
geant of the City Prison. In the mean
time Attorney Mack had filled out the
requisite orders of release and induced
Judge Low to sign them.
Mack at once started for the harbor
station, intending to present the orders
for the discharge of the prisoners. Shortly
after he left Judge Low's court the bunko
men wore transferred to the city prison.
Desk Sergeant Bidwill, acting under ln-
order w.ho are among- those who will in
a few days be sent from this State CO
do their share in the battles that will be
fought for the honor of the nation.
OAKLAND CHILDREN ARE
FIRST.
The movement among the people of
Alameda and San Francisco Counties
looking toward alleviating the suffering
of soldiers and sailors in the conflict
likely soon to come has extended to the
younger element. The pupils of Miss E.
Thompson's room in the Lincoln School,
Oakland, of which T. O. Crawford is the
principal, have organized what will be
known as the Junior Red Cross Society
No. 1.
Tho object is to gather and prepare
the supplies of bandages for surgical use.
The officers of this, the first society, are:
Harry Leach, president; Marion Walsh,
vice-president; James Mitchell, secre
tary; advisory committee— Cornelia Strat
ton" (chairman), Edith Downing, Bonnie
Downing. .Ray Coyle, Etta Dickinson.
Tht; members include: Louise Hall,
Mary Hops, Milola Ward, Ernestine Mol
ler Maggie Bercovich, Susie Stow, Veva
Campbell, Elsie Palmer, Lela Martin,
Nadine Belden, Grace Madden, .Olive
livy> :>, Charlotte Lally, Ora Bunker,
James Cloupek. George Conradi, John
Davidson, Ralph Evans, Roy Farish,-Le
land Garfield, Harry Holt, Lawrence
Hotchkiss. Millard Merrill, Leo Thomp
son, Vernle Sheehan, Ezra May, Horace
Steward, Albert Ralston, Merril Kinsey,
Ernest Gray.
This Is the patriotic school of the State.
It planted a Lincoln tree in the plaza
and has a. Lincoln guard on all occasions
when suitable patriotic exercises' are
held.
MONEY AND
HOW TO GET IT.
The California Red Cross
Will Need $9000 to
Start With.
Twelve Ambulances, $350
each $4200
Fifteen Major Operating
Cases, $150 each 2250
Four Emergency Field
Cases. $120 each 480
Ten Field Tables, $15 each 150
Hospital Supplies, includ
ing First Aid Packets,
Field Tents, Absorbent
Cotton, Antiseptic Gauze,
Bandages, Pots, Blank
ets, etc ■ 2000
Total. $9080
This is the estimate furnished by Dr.
Hopkins, surgreoh-general of California,
and by Dr. Gallwey, his right-hand
man, of the requirements of the Sani
tary Corps of California, when, within
the next few days, the State shall be
called upon to furnish 4000 men to the
Government.
Every dollar of this $9000 is as ab
solute a necessity for the California
soldiers as are the guns with which
they are provided. But this Spanish
war, coming on so unexpectedly after
thirty years and more of peace, finds
the Sanitary Corps altogether unpre
pared.
Dr. Hopkins says: "We are on ' a
magnificent peace footing. When it
s . to real war we lack just $9000
worth of necessities. The National Gov
ernment — though organized on excel
lent principles — is unable to provide for
so great an emergency. ' If our men
leave California to-morrow they leave
unprovided with propor hospital sup
plies. They go to take part in a
campaign where disease will be more
disastrous than bullets, and we of the
Sanitary Corps accompany' them,
knowing: that when the sudden' call is
made for our services, we shall be
handicapped by lack of the ammuni
tion with which surgeons fight."
It will be the first care of the. San
Ptructions from Judge Low. after book
ing them, allowed them to go on the
money given him by the Police Magis
trate.
A short time afterward Mack visited
the city prison and r<r learning that the
men had been released handed the desk
sergeant • the orders of discharge signed
by Judpre Low.
The action of Judge Low In placing the
ball of the men at $2"«. each caused con
siderable surprise in police circles. Here
tofore the minimum bail !;n.s been $150,
and at times as hiph as $500.
"When taken Into custody the defend
ants had a complete outfit for robbing
the unwary, but notwithstanding that
Judge Low was shown their scheming
devices he fixed their bail at the ridicu
lously low sum of $2F. each. As. the' men
boast of a "jnill" it Is thought likely
that Low will dismiss their cases to-daj
without the formality of a trial.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
C. F. Bassett has gone to Southern Cali
fornia for an extended stay. ■
W. E. Davis, a mining man of Denver,
is registered at the Palace
G. A. Paugherty. a leading attorney
of Salinas, is a guest at the Grand.
Georgo R. Stewart, a big cattle man of
Crows Landing, is a guest at the Grand.
Among the late arrivals at the Califor
nia is J. E. Beach, a wealthy fruit raiser
of Napa.
M. J. Cunningham, a wealthy cloth
manufacturer of St. Paul, is a guest at
the Lick.
E. Lee Allen has come up to the city
from his home In Los Angeles and is to
be found at the Palace.
There is in the
city a certain
prominent drug
gist who, though
still a young
man, has ac
quired quite a
competency ow-
A
NOVEL WAY
TO CHOOSE.
inp to his shrewd business instincts,
which are supplemented by a trait which
his friends call "laudable frugality" and
his enemies term "parsimonlousness."
Some time ago this gentleman concluded
that he had arrived at that state where
he needed a helpmate to travel with him
along the path of life and assist him in
presenting to his country citizens who
would be able to offer their services to
the sanitary commissions of the future.
There was, however, one thing which
troubled him. lie had seen so much of
women that he realized how little value
they set on money, and he did not want
to marry a girl whose inclinations would
be to spend on dress and other frivolities
the nest egg that he had spent years de
veloping in his pharmaceutical Incubator.
But how to find the kind of a girl that
would prove the realization of his ideal
was the thing that troubled him. Finally
he resolved to take his case to an old
maiden aunt and get her advice on it.
The aunt listened to his dilemma and,
when he had linished, said: "My dear
nephew, I certainly agree with you that
it is a good idea for you to marry and
provide yourself with a home. I also
think that you should know something of
the disposition of the woman who you in
tend to wed. Now, I'll toll you what we'll
The /fac-Blmile /itf : i>7fo-T* :: ' : ' is 03a every wrapper
1 signature of Wuz/yjf/4uc4&Z of CASTO&IA.
itary Commission, now thoroughly or
ganized and enthusiastically preparing
for work, to supply these deficiencies.
But, though they are not yet aware of
the fact, a host of small auxiliary
branches of the commission are about
to be formed, to share in this particu
lar work.
There are thirty or forty thousand
school children in San Francisco. And
every one of these young Americans is
afire with patriotic ardor.
"Why," writes a school girl, "if every
one of us gave only 10 cents, a third
of the cost of properly equipping the
Sanitary Corps would be done already."
But there are some small patriots to
whom that "only 10 cents" might as
well be $10, or ten thousand, so una«
vailable is it. Hearts as loyal, hopes
as enthusiastic, there are south of Mar
ket street as upon the hill, where a
girl's candy money in a day is more
than nine out of ten children in other
localities see in six months of a year.
But difficulties were made to be over
come. The remedy for the non-pro
ductiveness of the tiny patriot, beggar
in all save hope, suggests the drummer
of his school, is that those who have
shall be taxed double.
"At our school," he says, "we're go
ing to form an auxiliary of the Red
Cross, and we're going to pay a nickel
a month till the war is over. Just wait
till you see the Red Cross badges blos
soming out in this school!"
There's a whirl of suggestions in
these young brains. Some are for a
monster fair, where every school child,
be he rich or poor, shall be able to con
tribute his share, in money or in talent.
For genius, the first, great democrat,
knows not social conditions. Its flams
is as pure, as bright in the breast that 1 *
covered by a threadbare coat, as be
neath the well-cut jacket. So soms
are for entertainments, where the gift
ed may shine, while the fortunate ones
pay their nickels to witness the con
stellation the united forces of San
Francisco's school children would pro
duce.
And for the child who lacks both
great gifts— who has neither wealth nor
fame to lay down for his country?
However poor he be, he has still love
of country, and in the great outpour
ing he will find his opportunity to be
useful.
San Francisco school children are a
bit piqued that Berkeley has got ahead
of them. But they lay stress upon the
fact that it is the High School of Berk
eley that has organized the first schol
astic Red Cross association, and that
there is still opportunity for a r~°mmar
school and a primary school in town to
be the first to hoist the banner of the
Red Cross.
There, are schools that declare it is
their intention to* purchase an ambu
lance, or an operating case alone, and
that this contribution to their country
shall go to the front bearing the name
of their Alma Mater in the inscription
that makes the gift to the boys in blue.
There Is a dispute between two pri
mary schools on the subject of first
aid packets. First aid packets, these
children suddenly grown wise in the
use of technical terms will tell you, are
the four-ounce packages supplied to
every soldier in the ranks. They con
sist of a triangular bandage, of one
quarter of a yard of antiseptic gauze,
of half an ounce of absorbent cotton
and a piece of mackintosh ten inches
square. These packages are so com
pact, so light, that they take up little
room in a soldier's knapsack, and when
the emergency arrives the first aid
packpt arrives with it. These first aid
l>aok^ts cost but 14 cents apiece, since
Dr. McCarthy of the Sanitary Corps
has perfected arrangements for having
them made here. Whi< " school shall
supply these is the question which has
net yet been settled. .
Apart from the lack of funds the
Sanitary Corps of California is in ex
cellent condition. There is not a bet
tor trained corps in the United States.
The men have been, thoroughly drilled
in ambulance work and in the man
agement of the simpler casualties. The
thirty t-urprenns and 140 men composing:
the corps have worked wo-nders under
Dr! Hopkins' guidance. Dr. Gallwey
is the inventor, of the litter .now in use
do. You go and invite all the young
ladies you know to come up here to the
house. I will give an apple paring party,
whLch will be both a pleasant ana an in
expensive entertainment. We will watch
the girls as they pare the apples and, I
think, the girl that pares the quickest
and closest can be safely depended upon
to make you happy." The party was
given, the girls came and were watched,
and the young lady who pared' the closest
became a wife before sixty days had
passed. The young couple have been liv
ing together for some time now, and the
husband has no reason to repent of his
choice. The only thing that interferes
with their domestic happiness is the
trouble they are continually having with
servants. As yet they have not suc
ceeded in keeping a girl with them over
a week.
Dr. and Mr 3. E. S. Goodhue of Hono
lulu are at the Palace, where they ar
rived yesterday morning.
H. H. Thomas, a prominent business
man of New York, is among yesterday's
arrivals at the California.
Charles A. Wetmore, the wealthy wine
raiser, is staying at the Lick, where he
arrived yesterday from Fresno.
Thomas Peekley and W. P. Grainger
are two successful Klondlkers who have
recently come down from Alaska and are
staying at the Palace.
Prince Albert, who has been staying at
the Palace for the last few days, will
leave next Sunday for Denver. Prom
Denver he will visit Portland and the
Yellowstone Park, thence on to Washing
ton via Chicago.
In the Divorce Courts.
Judge Belcher yesterday granted Jo
sephine A. Bean a divorce from Joseph
Bean on the ground of desertion. Tho
custody of a minor child was awarded to
the plaintiff, together with $15 a month
alimony.
William Sanford has secured a divorce
from Minnie SanfQrd on the ground of
desertion.
■John J. Powers has commenced suit for
divorce against Eliza Powers on th»
ground of cruelty.
Clifford J. Bretz has been sued for di
vorce by Maud A. Bretz on the ground of
neglect.
Offense to the Flag.
A yard of yellow bunting sewed to the
end of an American flag that was flying
from the window of a photograph gallery,
at 31 Third street, aroused the indignation
of M. Irvine and Robert McCall yester
day afternoon. They deemed it an insult
to the flag, and in their enthusiastic pa
triotism they appealed to the Chief of Po
lice to have it removed. Their appeal had
ho effect and they took the matter upon
memueives. Armed with a lone ladder
they climbed to where the flag with the
offensive tail was flying, and amid the
shouts and applause of a crowd pulled the
yellow bunting from the folds of the
starry emblem of liberty.
Stole a Large Mirror.
W. J. Anderson entered the lodging
house at 3 Mary lane early yesterday
morning and walked away with a large
mirror. He was arrested by Policeman
Heinz on Bush street, and reluctantly
admitted that he had stolen the mirror.
Heinz took him to the City Prison, where
a charge of burglary was booked against
him.
SCHOOLS AUTHORIZED TO AID THE FUND.
At the meeting of the Board of Education yesterday the follow
ing resolution was presented by President C. L. Barrington and unan
imously adopted:
Resolved, That principals are hereby authorized to hold entertain
ments for the purpose of raising funds for the benefit of the Sanitary
Commission and Red Cross League of California, provided, however,
it is distinctly understood that no assessment must be levied in any
■way on pupils of the department.
in California— "the lightest, best litter
for field work ever made, I think," said
Dr. Hopkins.
There is a fine spirit of sympathy, of
comradeship, among these surgeons.
One will tell you how his brother of the
corps dropped his entire practice for
three months during the railroad
strike, devoting all his time and a
goodly portion of his money to taking
care of the men called out up at Sacra
mento. He'll tell you, too, that the
State never reimbursed this unosten
tatious patriot, who still remains in her
service, unselfish, devoted as ever.
This is the kind of man who is re
AMUSEMENTS.
PACTfTC COAST IIEULUBr"
BALBOA BOULEVARD DAY.
MONDAY, MAY 2, 1898.
Ingleside Racetrack.
SIX RUNNING RACES ONE MILE OR OVER.
• - -
Proceeds of the Day's Races to Be Used in Maintaining
THE BALBOA BOULEVARD.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT-SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Farewell Appearance of the Dainty Comedienne,
MARIE JANSEN,
In Her Latest Success,
'THE NANCY HANKS."
Built for Laughing Purposes Only.
EXTRA-NEXT MONDAY.
ROBERT B. TVYAINTELL
AND A SELECT COMPANY.
Under the Management of M. W. HANLEY,
Presenting for the First Time in This City a
New Romance, by W. A. Tremayne, Entitled
A SECRET WARRANT !
NUMEROUS ACCESSORIES. SUPERB COS-
TUMES. POWERFUL COMPANY.
SEATS NOW READY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
To-night and all the week. Matinee Saturday.
FERRIS HARTMAN
And a Complete Comedy Company Direct from
New York In the Nautical Farcical Comedy,
THE PURSER.
As refreshing as an ocean breeze. War bul-
letins botween the acts. Extra— Now being i
! presented every afternoon. including Sunday j
; (except Saturday) at 3, a magnificent religious
' production of the! famous "PASSION PLAY."
! Reproduced by means of soul-stirring lifelike
moving pictures. Realistic accessories.
Seats— Adults, 25c; Children, lac.
Coming— Great PILAR MORIN.
1 CALIFORNIA THEATER.
' .ASI 50 Production for 50c.
2 NIGHTS MORE AND SATURDAT MAT.
AS POPULAR AS EVER.
TRILBY !
A Complete Staging.
Excellent Cast. Popular Prlcef.
15c. 25c and 50c. No Higher.
NEXT MONDAY— "A TEXAS STEER."
SPECIAL-
NEXT SATURDAY EVENING, APRIL 30.
A GALA NIGHT.
FAREWELL TO .
QUEEN MELBA
SONG iwl&B&aEJfn
■- Supported- by the •'■'■'
DAMROSCH=ELLIS OPERA CO.
ONE ACT EACH FROM FOUR GRAND
OPERAS,
MELBA AS JULIET IN "ROMEO AND
JULIET." ,
. MELBA AS GILDA IN "RIGOLETTO."
MELBA AS LUCIA IN "LUCIA" (mad
MELBA AS MARGUERITE IN "FAUST."
Complete Scenery. Costuming and Effects.
KEATS NOW SELLING.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Great Success of the American Star Soubrette,
LETTIE LE VYNE
And Her Patriotic Specialty,
"REMEMBER. BOYS, THE MAINE!" .
"TBEWICKLOW POSTMAN,"
NEW PEOPLE,
STRONG CAST and
CATCHY SPECIALTIES.
Evening Price 5................. 10c, 2oc, 500
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
. A Most Artistic Vaudeville Triumph.
KERNER'S TABLEAUX VIVANTS.
Most Expensive Production of Living Pictures
', - ' Ever Attempted in America. . - •■■
Also LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, RENO &
RICHARDS. TONY WILSON & CLOWN.
SMITH. ■ ■O'BRIEN.-- SIGNOKA CASTELLO.
ROBERTA & DORETTA, FISH & QUIGG, and '
w , ■ ■ • • .; >M KRY <& STONE.
! Reserved, seats 2. ic; Balcony 10c; Opera Chairs
• and Box Seats 50c. '
: Matinee every Wed., Sat. and: Sunday.
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
; Mr». Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor .& Manager
: . THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
i LAST NIGHTS
i ■ • OF THE GLORIOUS SUCCESS.
, Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
; SINBAD THE SAILOR !
NEXT WEEK
The greatest of all comic operas
"lA/ANG!"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
, I Box office : always open. No telephone. '
: ALCAZAR. s^etins
: f^~^—^^t_^\* Between Act*
! EVERY NIGHT AT 8:13. '
; ; MATINEE SATURDAY.
■ :~ : " A GENUINE SUCCESS. .
The : Comedy That ; Will Make You Laugh,
"THE GAY PARISIANS !"
L. R. ' Stockwell and the Best Cast : Yet.
i Prices— 25c, 350 and 50c
sponsible for the estimate above given
of the needs of the Sanitary Corps of
California, He'll go on doing his duty
in the fullest measure whether the sum
required bo forthcoming or not. But is
it likely that the boy for whom geog
raphy has come to mean only the Phil
ippines and Cuba, is It likely that the
girl who proudly insists upon wearing
the national colors despite the fact that
her gown happens to be wholly out of
harmony with the red, white and blue,
will be content to let these active sol
diers of the Red Cross go to war with
out the arms their merciful profession
demands?
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleoide Track.)
Racing Prom Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inolusiye.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
, • First Race at 2P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS. 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after th«
races.
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary. ,; , v
SHERMAN & CLAY BALL.
MATINEE FRIDAY AND SATURDAY THIS
WEEK, 3 O'CLOCK.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM
The Dainty, Winsome Baby Pianist and Com-
poser.
Reserved Seats BOc and Jl; Children 25c at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
ODD FELLOW'S HALL.
THURSDAY EVENING, APRIL 28. 1898.
ONE PERFORMANCE ONLY
Saint-Saens' Great Biblical Opera,
SAMSON AND DELILAH,
Rhys Thomas, Miss Yves Remyngton, S. Ho-
mer Henley and an all-star cast, chorus by
SAN FRANCISCO ORATORIO SOCIETY.
Orchestra 25 .pieces, James Hamilton Howe
Conductor.
: Admission, including reserved seat, 780 and
SI. Box seat at Sherman, Clay & Co."s.
SUTRO__BATHS.
. SATURDAY, APRIL SO, 1898.
MONSTER MAY-DAY FESTIVAL!
1000 CHILDREN WILL TAKE PART IN MAT
POLE DANCES.
Admission, 10c. Children only 60.
THE AFRICAN LION HUNT!
Is "Given Every Afternoon and Evening at th»
CHUTES.
THIS WEEK ONLY!
MANDOLA and a Grand Vaudeville Per-
formance.
WAR NEWS Will Be Read From the Stage.
100 to All, including Zoo, etc.; Children, Be.
CHIQUITA will receive but a 'short time
longer. .
BENEFIT CONCERT TO
ALFRED WILKIE.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL, 223 Sutter.
FRIDAY EVENING, April 29, at 8:15 p. m.
Box Office now open at Sherman & Clay's.
YMPT A I cc ° r n«r of Mison and
Direct from New York, CYRENE, The Cuban
Terpsichorean Wonder, and a great olio of
specialties. Admission free. House heated.
War Bulletins read from stage every half hour.
EXCUESIONS, ETC.
$1.25 CAMPERS' $1.25
«Pl~ EXCURSION «Pl~
1 ■'"■'■'■ : ' - -
TO THE
Santa Cruz Mountains !
Personally Conducted by MR. WM. H.
MEKTON, Excn. Pass. Afet. S. P. Co.
SATURDAY, April 30,
RUNNING TO BOULDER CREEK
AND STOPPING AT ALL THE CAMPING
RESORTS BOTH WAYS.
Take 7:45 a. m. boat. Ferry Landing (Nar-
row Gauge), foot of Market street, San Fran-
cisco; 7:45 a. m. : from Fourteenth and Frank-
lin streets, Oakland; 8:20 a. m., from Park
street Alameda. ' '■..-•
■ Returning— Arrive San Francisco " 8:05 .p. m.
EL CAMPO, v
THE POPULAR BAY. RESORT.
Now open every • Sunday during the ; season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing,
and other : amusements. - ■■;-.•
■ Refreshments at , city ■ prices. Far«, round
trip, 25c; Children. 15c; Including admlasloa
to grounds. j«~j~~t— -r- J ..^.a^f— .^
: - —THE STEAMER UKIAH—
■ Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 11:10,
I and 4 p. m. Returning, ' leave El Campo at
11:16 a. m., 1, 3 and & p. m.
78
CALIFORNIA TO THE FRONT
A GALLANT
RESPONSE
Governor Budd Wires Wash
ington Asking Authority to
Raise More Infantry.
Enrollment of Artillery Volunteers.
Chamber of Commerce Hoists a Dan
ger Signal — A Complication in the
Guard — Fort Point Re-enforced.
CALIFORNIA'S RESPONSE.
Governor Budd Offers an Additional Regiment to the United
States Government,
At 6:15 o'clock last evening Governor Budd attached his name to
the following telegram, which was immediately flashed over the wir«3
to the War Department: .
The Secretary of War, Washington, D. C: California desires 1 3
tender to the United States an additional battalion to complete three
regiments of infantry of twelve companies each in addition to the four
companies of heavy artillery. Would you accept a fourth regiment in
addition to the above if raised and tendered? Answer.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
The hum of many voices, the rush-
Ing In and departing of uniformed or
derlies, the business-like dictating and
riling of official dispatches and the con
sultation of State military officers,
made an animated scene at the adju
tant general's headquarters yesterday.
"With systematic precision the prepara
tions for war are rapidly progressing,
and by the first of the week, when the
soldiers of California take the oath as
volunteers in the United States service,
everything will be in readiness for their
participation in the impending conflict.
Governor Budd was early at head
quarters to see that the affairs of war
moved as they should. From the mo
ment of his arrival until his departure
late in the evening every moment of
his time was consumed in the consid
eration and direction of business per
taining to getting the National Guard
into service. Generals Dickinson, Bar
rett and Warfield were in frequent con
ferences with the commander-in-chief
considering and advising as to the im
mense amount of detail work necessar
ily incident to the rapid preparations
for war.
A large clerical force wr.i busy com
piling the required tabulated reports
that the Government has requested to
be furnished it, and this force has been
augmented or rather is assisted by an
equally large clerical force which is
busily at work at Sacramento.
One of the most eagerly discussed
dispatches of the day was the one fur
nished by The Call's special war bulle
tin issued at noon stating that as soon
as the National Guard was mustered
into service it would be immediately
ordered to the Southwest in order to
move the volunteers from "demoraliz
ing home influences" and make soldiers
of them as soon as possible by putting
them in camp remote from home. This
met with the approval of the command
ing officers and Captain Carrington
stated that it would be a good thins
for the men as It would necessarily
have a tendency to harden the voiun
teers and accustom them to the rigor
ous and Reacting duties of the life of
common . oklier. As to the location
f the troops Captain Carrington thinks
.- will be in t he zone of New Orleans,
llobiie and Chuka manga.
The word "southwest" is presumably
used with regard for Washington, D.
C, as being the point from which the
location is meant to be.
Dr. W. F. McNutt and Hermann Ben
dsl of this city have informed General
Warfield that their pnns can be counted
upon to enlist in tho heavy artillery
he is recruiting. General Warfleld is
experiencing no difficulty in raising
men to man the heavy batteries called
for by the Government.
Regarding the rumor that the com
panies of tho Seventh Regiment would
not volunteer for service unless they
were allowed to go as a regiment the
following dispatch received at head
quarters yesterday afternoon is an of
ficial denial of thp same:
LOS ANGELES. April 27, 1898.
Adjutant General Barrett, San
Francisco: All statements that Na
tional Guardsmen here will not vol
unteer except on conditions they
dictate are untrue. They are ready
to do their duty. J. R. BERRY.
Colonel Seventh Regiment.
The request made of General Last
that he would be expected from his
brigade to furnish one company to man
a battery of the heavy artillery met
■with a prompt response from that of
ficer, who pent General Barrett the fol
lowing dispatch yesterday morning:
"Lob Angelea, CaL, April l' 7. I*9B.
"Adjutant General Barrett, San Fran
cisco, Cal.:
"Captain Steere reports his ability to
enroll 200 men for artillery service In
twenty-four hours. C. F. A. LAST,
"General Second Brigade."
Santa Barbara County is bubbling
over with patriotism and is anxious to
offer the services of its sons to sup
port the honor of "Old Glory." as is
testified by the following dispatch
which was received by General Barrett
yesterday afternoon:
"Sacramento, Cal., April 27. IS9B.
"General A. W. Barrett, San Francisco.
~Cal.:
"Just received following from Santa
Barbara: 'R. L. Peeler, assistant -ad
jutant-general: Will you allow forma
tion of independent sharpshooters as
home guards, armed and equipped at
our expense? Arthur G. Wilson, sec
retary." R- L. PEELER.
. Tb* following djepatch received yes
terday from General Last was in reply
to one sent him by the adjutant-gen
eral requesting to be Informed as to
certain details in connection with his
cemmand^which are set forth in the
dispatch as follows:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 27, IS9B.
"Adjutant-General Barrett:
"San Francisco, Cal.:
"Signal Corps volunteers forty
men for signal service. Troop G vol
unteers 100 men f.ir service as cavalry
or artillery. Troop D volunteers 100
men for cavalry service. Colonel John
K. Berry reports twelve companies in
fantry,, maximum strength of 101 men,
or more for service as volunteers. All
•.;.:.- having enlisted Cnll quota ot
qualified men and are rapidly filling
the emergency rolls for others to take
their places.
"C. F. A. LAST,
"General Second Grlgade."
Governor Budd late yesterday after
noon gave out the following statement
for publication:
"There is no material change In the
situation and I have issued no orders.
I am simply waiting for my instruc
tions from Washington, D. C. When
I receive them I shall be prepared to
act, and inside of two hours from the
time they are received orders will be
issued and the National Guard will be
in motion."
Governor Budd yesterday afternoon
sent the following communication to
Captain Carrington in regard to the
mustering in of the National Guard,
which explains itself:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27, IS9S.
Captajn F. de L. Carrington, on duty
With the National Guard o: California,
San Francisco— Sir: 1 am advised that
you will be detailed by the National Gov
ernment to muster in California's quota
of volunteers for the war between the
I nlted States and Suain. I also have ad
vices that 1 will be requested by the
National Government to cause the "ad
jutant general of the army to be in
formed of the time this quota will be at
the rendezvous, as it will be met a' soon
as possible thereafter by an officer to
muster it into the service of the United
States." I desire to suggest that you
communicate with the National Govern
ment and request that the United States
mustering officer be lirst at the place of
rendezvous, that 1 may tender him Cali
fornia's quota in such numbers, and in
such manner, as will facilitate their im
mediate enlistment in the United States
service. To mass the troops as a body
at the place of rendezvous and then await
a mustering officer, and the thereafter
mustering into the service of the United
States, would cause the State of Call
fnrnin a needless expense of about $10,000
per day, or over $2w.voU per month. I can
deliver California's quota as desired, and
in such manner as will cause the imme
diate enlistment of those nearest to the
point of rendezvous, without keeping
those from the interior and further points
of the State awaiting their turn in San
Francisco. In view of the great saving
to the State caused by this method, with
out any superior benefit from the method
proposed, I suggtj* that you communi
cate the matter t<> ti ; . War Department
U. S. A., and get advices for my informa
tion. Yours very truly,
JAMES H. BUDD.,
Governor California.
The Governor said: "I have taken
the step which I have set forth in my
communication to Captain Carrington
because it is economical, and at the
same time will c: jedite the business of
mustering in the guard, and will sub
ject the men to the least poss^le in
convenience."
Captain Carrinpton upon receipt of
the Governor's letter at once notified
the Secretary of War of its contents.
He said: "Governor Budd's sugges
tion may be a wise one, for unless the
regulations governing the mustering of
men into service are modified it will
take over a month to get the. Guard
into service. It takes about half an
hour's hard work to enlist one man. but
I am of the opinion that the require
ments will be greatly changed so that
a regiment can be rapidly enlisted, as
was the case in the late war, other
wise there may be a long delay before
the men are ready for service."
The expense of calling out the quota
of the National Guard demanded by fne
Government and having it rendezvous
at a given place for the purpose of be
ing mustered into the United States
service will cost the State $10,163 46 a
day. Of course as the men are enlisted
the expense would proportionately de
crease as they enter the service of the
Government. It is with a view of
avoidintr this great expense that the
Governor communicated to Captain
: Carrington the suggestions embodied in
i his letter. If the troops of the south
ern part of the State are mustered in
at Los Angeles matters will be greatly
expedited and the expense lessened.
Colonel J. F. Smith of the First In
fantry arrived at headquarters In the
afternoon. He declared that In his
opinion the ordering of the troops away
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
as soon as they have been mustered
Into service would be the best thing
that could possibly be done. He re
ported to headquarters that he. esti
mated that only 150 men from the en
tire First Regiment would be unable
to go, being incapacitated by some dis
ability. The exact number will be as
certained to-day.
At 4:45 o'clock Governor Budd re
ceived an answer to the dispatch sent
to the War Department by Captain
Carrlngton. In substance it officially
announced that the Government would
bear all expenses from the time a man
was enrolled until he has been mus
tered into service. From this it would
seem that the Governor's communica
tion to Captain Carrington had the de
sired effect with the War Department.
This only leaves the State liable to
the expense of $2 a day per man, as
provided for by the Legislature. Even
this amount will be lessened by the
suggestions in the Governor's commun
ication to Captain Carrington.
The Government will provide every
thing that is necessary' to enlist the
men. A board of medical examiners
will be appointed, and the men will be
required to pass the examination as
provided by the Government. This
board will be a large one, so as to facil
itate the mustering of the troops into
service.
FIVE BATTERIES
AT FORT POINT.
Men and Guns Ample to
Repel Attack of the
Enemy.
Before many days pass there will be
a tented field near the Fort Point forti
fications. Captain Charles B. Thomp
son, quartermaster's department, U. S.
A., will at once provide tentage for the
batteries of the Third Artillery on duty
at the works. The Angel Island bat
tery, commanded by First Lieutenant
Benjamin H. Randolph, will take sta
tion at the point to-day. Captain Sedg
wick Pratt's battery from i ort Mason
will also go out to the modern guns to
day. Before dark this evening the for
tifications at Fort Point will be manned
by five regular batteries of the Third
United States Artillery-
It will probably gratify many resi
dents of San Francisco to learn that
the band of the Third Artillery will
come over from Angel Island to-day
and occupy the quarters at the Presidio
recently vacated by the band of the
Fiiv^t United States Infantry. This
transfer of musicians will enable Col
onel Morris, commanding the post, to
announce that the regular band con
certs at the reservation will be re
sumed.
Colonel M. P. Miller, Third Artillery,
commanding the defenses of the har
bor, and Colonel Morris, Fourth Cav
alry, have talked over the subject of a
camp ground on the reservation for the
volunteer regiments of infantry to be
furnished by the State of California.
No place was designated yesterday, but
several sites were inspected. A good
place was found near the golf links; not
far from Seventh avenue. It may be
ROUND ABOUT HEADQUARTERS.
necessary for the State to supply the !
volunteers with tents, as much of the
Government tentage stored in San
Francisco ' was taken East with the
light batteries of the Third Artillery
and the First Infantry Regiment. The.
heavy batteries from this State will
probably go into camp with the regu-.
lars at the Fort Point works.
No doubt Colonel Miller, command-
Ing the defenses of -San Francisco, will
listen with the utmost courtesy to the
jepresentations of the Chamber of.
Commerce concerning the proposed en- :
listment of more men to re-enforce the
nsrular troops now on duty at the for-;
titicatiors, but he has too much mili- '
tary tact and experience to indorse any
plan that might tend to delay the en
listment of .artillery volunteers called
for from this State through the regu
lar channels of the War Department:
Wore) may come from Washington by
wire urging the Governor to hasten the
mustering in o*f men for. the heavy ar
tillery service. The Chamber of Com
merce telegrams transmitted to Wash- ,
ington yesterday may be regarded
there as a note of alarm from San
Francisco.
General Merriam and Colonel Miller
are confident that the men and guns
now in position here are ample to repel
any force that the enemy could bring
to this point. General Merriam is so
well satisfied that everything here is in I
good: form for repelling Invasion that
he left the city Monday evening last
for Vancouver. Before going he made
a thorough inspection of the fortifica
tions of the harbor.
FIRST CHANCE
TO VOLUNTEER
Points of Difference Among
Officers of the National
Guard.
General Dickinson Presents One Plan
and Colonel James Smith
Another.
There Is no disguising the fact that
some differences of opinion arise among
prominent ofllcers of the National Guard
of California regarding the manner of
selecting the organizations of the guard
for the proposed service in the volunteer
army of the United States. Company
officers desire that company organizations
as now officered should not be disturbed.
Colonel Smith of the First Infantry sub
mits that regimental organizations should
be preserved. Major-General Dickinson,
division commander of the guard, has
submitted a plan to the Governor under
which company organizations may be
preserved, but which will not permit any
existing regiment to go as a body.
The complication arising at this time
is unfortunate, and if not adjusted may
| constrain the. Governor to authorize the
immediate enrollment of the volunteers
called, for without regard to existing regi
mental or company organizations. It is
i not advisable to take all the troops from
one section of the State, and since all
counties in fairness should have represen
tation an entire regiment cannot be taken
from any one city.
General . Dickinson holds that his plan
j enables the companies to maintain their
■ integrity as organizations in the field. In
prefacing his statement he submits that
troops must be raised as follows:
Two regiments of inf-ntry, 12 com
panies each — 24 companies.; two battalions
jof infantry, .4 companies each— S com
panies. Total infantry, 32 companies, 103
officers and men each, 3296 men. Four
batteries of heavy artillery. 20) men each,
900 men. Total— lnfantry, 22% men; artil
lery, 800 men; aggregate, 4096 men.
General Lickinson further states: "I
have r.ot the exact strength of each com
pany on March 31 last, but approximately
let us say seventy men to a company, and
I think it would be unfair to take any
oth>-r basis than a normal one."
The brigade strength is thus figured by
1 the general: .First Brigade, 12 -companies
•■ of Infantry. 70 .men eacn, 840: Second Brl
i gado. 20 vompanl* :s of infantry, 70 men
| each, 140 ii; Third Brigade. 17 companies of
' infantry, 70 men each, 1190; 49 companies,
; 3430.
"Thus we have 3430 men. and we require
3296, as we have no batteries.
"Not to deal in fractions or odd num
bers, let us take from each brigade as
follows:
■ first Brigade. 8 companies. .
"Second Brigade, 14 companies; 9 com
panies from the ' First Infantry and- 5
■ companies from the Fifth Infantry.
I "'Third Brigade, 11 companies; 6 from
the Sixth Infantry and s.from. from the Second
Infaiitry.
••Notify, each brigade- commander to
designate the companies up to the num
ber required. Find out how majiy in each
of the designated companies are willing
to volunteer. This gives the basis for a
start.' .
"Then let those in any company in the
brigade not in a designated company that
wish to volunteer, and were members on
llarcb ."1, be transferred to a designated
company until it has its full strength, and
if its full strength is not attained in this
way, then fill up with others who are on
the emergency or waiting list. In short.
give the members of the N.- G. C. the first
chance and to thp.se. who were members
on March 31 before the companies filled
up- on account of the war.
"Each df-sipnated company to report
with its present officers, or those of them
who desire to volunteer, for muster into
the United States service, and any men
rejected for disability of any kind" to be
replaced from the National Guard of Cali
fornia of their brigade or other volun
. "All company officers reporting to be
commissoned by the Governor, unless re
jected for physical disability or incompe
tency. Companies so designated to be re
placed by new companies to be mustered
in as the Governor may direct. All of the
above matters to be attended to without
charge of the State for services of-offi
cers, except a very few to' do the neces T
sary work."
■ .'"The above plan," says General Dick
inson, "maintains the integrity of the Na
tional Guard and gives equal representa
tion and fairness to all parts Qf the State.
The selection of companies ought to bo
made by seniority of captains and age
of .organization. The designated compa
nies should be' put in two regiments and
two battalions immediately prior to re
porting for muster.
"The artillery can come from companies
not designated for infantry. as a basis,. or
by enlistment within brigades, as already
fixed.
"Designated companies, if possible,
should be- met by the mustering officer,
say, at San Francisco, Stockton, Sacra
mento, Fresno and Los Angeles on days
when he can muster them, thus saving
expense of transportation, subsistence
and delay to men reporting for muster."
Colonel James Smith, First Infantry,
N. G. C.,. is an officer of experience and
ability. He is alert and ambitious, and at
the head of his regiment would doubtless
render gallant service in the Held. He has
addressed a letter to the commander-in
chief presenting a plan widely different
from the plan submitted by the major
general commanding the division. Colo
nel Smith's suggestion may not be prac
tical from a military point of view, but it
is readable. His views are thus given:
To the Governor of the State of California:
I have the honor once again to' tender for the
volunteer service of the United States the
First Infantry Regiment, its officers and en
listed men. In making this tender of the
sen-ices of the First Infantry Regiment we
wish it understood that, once mustered in as
a volunteer organization, it will go wherever
required or ordered, within or without the
United States.
Hermit me as commanding officer of the reg
iment, and •at the request of the whole or
ganization, to earnestly urge that the regi
ment bo taken in Its entirety. The organiza
tion is a perfect unit, no inharmonious ele
ments within ■ it, and officers and men are
anxious that the regiment in \vhich they take
a pardonable pride shall be given an oppor
tunity to obtain distinction as such. The offi
cers have worked earnestly and faithlully to
bring it as near perfection as possible. The
reports of the ' inspect! .r detailed by the War
department and the reports of the brigade in
spector will show what earnest and faithful
work has been done in that direction.
The three battalion formation of four com
panies, each has met the distinct approval of
those most skilled in military science and is
supposed to be best adapted to the require
ments of modern warfare and the changes
required by Improvements in modern arms and
armament. Our regiment is organized on that
basis, as a result of a reorganization which it
has taken nearly two years to perfect, and
which was initiated by you and calmly,
thoughtfully and deliberately made. It seems
to us that it would be ill-advised to destroy
such an organization on the eve of active
service.
As eomman.!er-in-chlef and having been al
ways thoroughly in touch with the military
spirit pervading the National Guard of this
State, you will readily understand the pride
that all officers and men take in their or
ganizations, . and how much disappointment.
not to say dissatisfaction, would be created by
impairing, reducing, dividing or diminishing
them.
From the point of military efficiency I feel,
and I think you will agree with me, that mili
tary organizations should be preserved as near
as possible in their entirety. -Officers by con
stant association become acquainted with the
peculiarities, bent of mind, dispositions, tem
per, ability and bravery of their men. The
men, on the other hand, from the same asso
ciation, acquire confidence In their officers and
become devoted and loyal to them. The su
perior officers are made acquainted with the
character and disposition of subordinates and
almost unconsciously acquire a perfect knowl
edge of the capabilities and .adaptability of '
each.
Permit me. then, to suggest that regimental
organizations of the National Guard offered for
the volunteer service be preserved Intact, be
cause thereby the "esprit de corps" will be
preserved, dissatisfaction and disappointment
completely avoided and the best military effi
ciency maintained.
In .saying these things to you, my dear Gov
ernor, you will allow me to say that neither
myself nor the officers and men of the regi
ment are actuated by selfish motives, but sub
mit them to your calm and ripened Judgment
for consideration for the good of the service.
If in your wi?e judgment other regiments
would better serve the purpose intended than
the First Infantry take them as an entirety
as far as military efficiency will a!!.->w. An]
while we may be greatly disappointed if we
should not be selected, as one of the. organiza
tions to represent California, still we will
have the satisfaction of knowing that some
regimental organization as a- whole' has been j
put into .the field from the National Guard to
acquire distinction and a name for itself.
•I have the honor to most respectfully sub
mit to you the foregoing and to be and re
main your obedient servant. . .
JAMES SMITH.
Colonel First Infantry. Regiment, N. G. C.
THE U. S. NAVY.
Regulations Pertaining to
Enlistment in the
Service.
! So many Inquiries a.re being received at
■ the naval rendezvous. 10 California street,
jn this cUy, from a-pplicants for enlist
ment that the recruiting officer has given
! out the following information:
Only machinists, first class (tOa per month);
firemen, first class (*30); seamen ($24) and or
dinary seamen ($1?) are being shipped at
present. No others need apply. The ma
chinists, firemen and saiiors must have had
several years" experience at sea. This is Im
perative. The machinists are enlisted at Mare
Island after a - shop examination. All ap
plicants must stand mechanical .ar.<s physical
examinations at place of enlistment, which are
made at Mare Island of naval rendezvous
here. Term of service three years. Age be
tween 21 and 35.
The Government does not furnish transporta
tion or ray fares to place of enlistment.
All matters pertaining to volunteers are In
the hands of the State National Guard officers
or the Governor ' The Navy ' Department has
MERCHANTS WANT PROTECTION.
The Business Men of San Francisco Offer to Raise a
• Regiment.
Alive to the dangers to commerce on this coast and the Imperative
necessity of further protection from the Spanish, the trustees of the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce and a number of prominent downtown
business men met in the rooms of the organization yesterday, and after
discussing the situation decided to send the following appeal to President
McKinley.: • ' ■
"The President of the United States, Washington, D. C: Our entire
coast, with cur merchant marine, 20,000 tons of coal and one year's
canned provisions for 6000 men now at Alaskan ports and 16 •j0 tons of
provisions and outfits on the way thereto have no other protection than
three naval vessels and four small revenue cutters.
"There is a pressing necessity for further provision in the way of an
auxiliary sea-going navy composed of vessels _ of good sea-going qualities,
strong batteries and a good steaming radius.
"There are several immediately available, namely, the St. Paul, Sena
tor (new),' Queen and China.' The first two can be ready within thirty
days. The Queen and China are of larger caliber and greater speed.
"We respectfuny ask that you will urge on the Navy Department the
necessity of immediate action. . HUGH CRAIG,
"President Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco."
The following. resolution was unanimously adonted and was immedi
ately telegraphed to Senator George C. Perkins, with a request to lay it
before the Secretary Of the Navy and the California delegation and
strongly urge the need of such protection:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be respectfully requested to
purchase and equip as auxiliary cruisers a sufficient number of fast
steamships and apply them to the protection of the United States com
merce of the Pacific."
President Hugh Craig broached the idea of raising two artillery regi
ments in this city to be stationed at the Presidio to man the high-power
guns that have been erected during the past year. He stated that owing
to the withdrawal of troops from the post this city was not amply pro
tected from attack by a Spanish fleet. Mr. Craig's suggestion that the
property owners of this city subscribe fifty thousand dollars for the sup
port of the regiments for thirty days, during which time they could be
taught to manipulate the great weapons of defense, was enthusiastically
adopted. It was decided to lay the proposition before Colonel Miller,
commander of harbor defenses, before proceeding with the raising of sub
scriptions.
As representative of the Government on this coast. Colonel Miller will
be asked how many soldiers he could use, what he could do with them
and whether the War Department would accept the regiments at the end
of thirty days and continue them in its employ or use them as a reserve
force. Until his answer is received the matter will rest.
That the. merchants of this city are patriotic and erenerous can be easily
9een by one instance. President Craig, in conversation with one of them,
spoke of the idea, and without any solicitation the merchant calmly
said, "Put me down for twenty-five hundred." Mr. Craig expects to
have no. difficulty in collecting the amount if soldiers are needed.
Major Edward Field, acting adjutant general of the department, thinks
that in thirty days the men could be taught to be useful at the high
power guns.. .
The following Interesting communication was telegraphed to Wash
ington by the Union Iron Works:
"San Francisco, April 25, IS9B.
"Hon. John D. Long, Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C. : Offer
to build vessel two hundred and twenty-five feet long, twenty-five feet
beam, fifteen feet depth of hold. Commissioned displacement from four
hundred and eighty to five hundred tons. Fitted with single triple expan
sion engines, four cylinders. Two fire-box boilers. Twenty knots speed
One inch protection as a belt over engines and boilers. Deliver one in one
hundred and fifteen days; second in one hundred and thirty days; third in
one' hundred and forty days. To do this will have to -work night and day.
Plans and specifications will have to be approved here by Government in
spectors and work done under their supervision, we guaranteeing to use
tHe best quality of material and workmanship, as used in building mer
chant steamers. Will have to have approval to use material on hand."
nothing whatever to do -with such enlistments.
All applications from shipmasters and chief
onecir.f-t-rs for officers' commission? in the navy
must lie made to the Secretary of the Navy,
stating afte, experience (with papers) an<3 posi
tion asked for. Officers r.f the purchased ves
sel? may be enlisted for two years in the navy,
if properly qualified, to rank with warrant of
ficers as masters' mates.
All applicants must he American citizens and
of excellent moral character.
Applications for enlistment in the .United
States Marine Corps must be made to the Re
cruiting Sergeant, No. 20 Ellis street, San
Francisco.
All ex-United States Navy men must show
their discharges from the I'nited States naval
sen-ice. No dishonorably discharged men nor
deserters will be accepted under any considera
tion. This la also imperative.
All requests for information relative to other
positions or billets on board a war-vessel
should be made to the commandant, Mare
Island, Cal.
MAILS STOPPED.
No More Mail Will Be Sent
to the Philippines, La
drones or Carolines.
The Superintendent of Foreign Malls
has notified Postmaster Montague that
no more mail matter will be sent to the
Philippine. Ladrdne and Caroline islands,
these being at present under the domin
ion of the Spanish Government. The.Post
master is instructed also 10 return all
mail for those points to the senders,
otherwise to the dead letter office. It is
believed that the intention of the order is
to prevent Spain from being informed as
to things going on in this country, but it
has been suggested that letters of that
character can be. sent. to London or other
foreign non-Spanfsh ports, and then for
i warded to their destination. _ .
OUR DEFENDERS.
Men Who Would Rather
Be Dead Heroes Than
Live Cowards.
To a veteran of the civil war the scenes'
around the armory of the First Infantry
yesterday afternoon recalled the early
days of that memorable epoch in the his
tory of the I'nion when men, eager to
offer their services in defense of their
rights and for the preservation of their
homes, clustered about the headquarters
of the recruiting officer. .
Promptly at 2 o'clock Captain S. L.
Napthaly of General Warfleld's staff be
gan the registration of men applying for
enlistment in the two batteries of heavy
artillery, which the Secretary of War has
called for as part of- the State-'s quota of
volunteer troops. Of the eighty-seven
men who were listed yesterday thirty
five have had experience in various
branches of the military organizations of
the different States and in the United
States army and navy. Three are from
the Seventh Regiment of New York, one
from Montana and six are honorably dis
charged soldiers of the regular' army. The
other twenty-live are from the different
regiments of the National Guard and
semi-military organizations of California,
One man is from Salinas and" one from
Santa Clara. Only five of the men listed
are married.
The following is a complete list of the
names of the men- registered, together
with their respective ages: James La
roux 29. John McClosky 37, H. C. Pollock
24. W. J. Christ 22. W, Sea] 32. \Y. Frank
lin 35, S. Dreyfous 19. Henry Diener 44,
W. J. Cnaaiek 2>. J. F. Kelley 22. H. H.
Cutler 23. F. E. Rice 24. Frank B. Spear 20,
Rutherford Ralph 21. D. A. Urquhart 32.
E. Schotield 2H. A. A. Folsom 21. P. Over
more 21. W. A. Jamison 2? Louis Abrate
21. F. C. Bexkert 40. F. Oleson 25. A. H.
Dougherty 26. A. Anderson 24, H. Duggan
20. F. Bryan 21, J. L. Saunders 2%. F.
Fehse 43. Carl Nelson 23- George Chaten
31. G. Brungard 43. F. Rlley 25. W. O'Brien
30, C. Marvine 33. W.C. Hamilton 28 J Pe
terson 35. A. Saunders 22, A. Mann 21, J.
H Flaherty 34. Charles Anthony 24 O R
-Mortimer 43. P. W. Morse 23. J." D.Les^h
J' G -E. Watson 35. C. R. Middleton 22,
J. Kelly 32, P. J. Mtfrray 29. Harry New
come 23. Frederick John 39, J. B.'McLa
ran 35. Thomas F. Connelly 26 Stockmar
Bendel 19. Fletcher MeXutt 20 \ J Lit
tle 32, Percy Frampton 26, John Martin 3'
F. A. Wise 42, R. Patterson 20, Thoma3
Tierney 33, J. Leschak 28. F. James 31, L.
Thomas 22, W. Rowe 21. F. & Colburn 39.
E. J. Meany 32, J. B. Waener 36". E. F.
Euphrat 22, H. C. Rid 2i. F. L. Brock 24,
A. Demolle 23, F. Nicholson 23. J. F. Doyle
26. F. H. Pope 2?. F. C. Pope 26. J. B. La
verone 38, A. Rotzky 33, A. Mendoza 24. J.
Moritz 23. F. Ruppel 38. H. Martine 31.
John Klupar 29, Ora Boyd £4. B. Windsor
27, Charles Meyer 34, Homer W r ood 20.
AVAILABLE MEN.
Figures Showing the Fight*
ing Strength of the
National Guard.
Governor Budd yesterday gave out tha
following tabulated statement, which has
been carefully prepared by his orders,
and which shows the exact fighting:
strength of the National Guard. That is,
it gives, up to date, the exact number of
men enlisted, the number who are mar
ried and the number who are unmarried,
and who can go to the front because they
can leave their families provided for.
The total number of men who should
not go, including those that are married,
is 263. which, deducted from 3651, the total
number enlisted, gives 3394 men ready for
immediate service. .
Number of men In the five infantry
rrg-iments, X. G. C, as per reports of
colonels:
No. married
v.v' Men now Men men can
enlisted, married, volunteer.
First Infantry 862 154 100
Second Infantry 596 141 64
Fifth Infantry 594 96 3«
Sixth Infantry.- 657 81 69
Seventh Infantry 920 129 77
Total 3.659 601 S3*
No. of men reported .- ";
that ought not to
go 265 , "H
Available men 3.39*
ASSIGNED TO DUTY,
The following order was issued from tha
adjutant-general's office yesterday:
"Lieutenant-Colonel John F. Burgin.
aid-de-camp staff commander-in-chief, is
hereby ordered to report at once at the
temporary headqurters of the adjutant
general at the California Hotel for as
signment of duty.
"By order of the commander-ln-chief,
"A. W. BARRETT.
"Adjutant-General."
THE COIN OF PUGILISTS.
Sharkey and Jeffries Deposited
Money Yesterday With Jim
Chesley.
The managers of Sharkey and Jeffries met
yesterday afternoon and deposited $1000 each
with Jim Chesley as a guarantee that they
will enter the ring on the evening of May 6 In
good physical condition to fight a champion
ship battle.
The National Club also deposited $1000 as a
guarantee that it wl!l bring off the contest In
accordance with the articles of agreement.
Sharkey was very huffy over a published
statement said to have been made by Jeffries
to the effect that the sporting public will wit
ness a great mill provided that Sharkey will
stand his ground and not run under fire. The
fact of Jeffries having questioned the sailor's
qualities for sameness aroused the ire of
Sharkey, and yesterday .he was ready to fie-
at the drop of a hat.
"Jeffries had better look out for himself "
said Sharkey sharply, '"and unless I am
greatly mistaken it will be the man from Oak
land and not the man from Valie-jo who will
be on the run soon after the battle starts. I
don't want any man to question my eamen<-3s
above other things." "
Some bettinc is beins done In the pool
rooms, Crowley & Raggett have five thousand
dollars to be placed either way at even money
but it appears that Jeffries, owing to the big
handicap he will have in weight and height,
will finally end a slight favorite .
Me , xi S. an P ete left for his home in Crlppl*
Creek Tuesday evening. He said he did not get
a fair show, otherwise he would have whipped
his man. . -
Estates in Probate.
Mary L. Singleton, who died on the 2d
inst.. left a $4000 estate to her daughter.
Joseph B. Egerton.
Charlotte K. Clark has applied for let
ters testamentary on a $13,000 estate left
by George Hudson, who died on the 12th,
inst.
Advance! made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1021 JUwton.BILL PLAYERS
ARE UNITED
Consolidated Under the
Name of the Pacific
Coast League.
Joined Forces for the Benefit of
the Sport After Much
Wrangling.
The First Game of the New League
Will Be Played a Week From
Sunday.
The California Baseball League and the
Pacific States Baseball League have con
solidated. The consolidation was effected
PITCHER JOE CORBETT.
The Crack Ball Plauer Will Coach
Lovers of the Sport.
Joe Corbett, who has made a record with the Baltimore team, will re
main on the coast for some time and while here he has consented to con
:■• timely articles on the national game to The Call. He will report the
games of the newly organized Pacific Coast League for The Call, and at
th< same time criticize the playing of the members of the tt-ains wilh the
■■■. .1...- Corbett is as brilliant a writer as he is a baseball
r. and he will be able to give some valuable points to the members of
igiie, as well as coach the players.
last night at a meeting of promoters of
the game at Eugene Bert's office. 'me
first game under the new league's sched
ule will take place on Sunday, May 7.
The two leagues as they stand at present
will hold attention at the diamonds on
Saturday and Sunday and then they will
go out of existence. The schedule of
games that is to follow will be prepared
Monday night next. At the same time it
will be decided on which of the three
grounds in the city the games will be
played. The new league holds an option
on all three of the baseball parks until
then.
The officers of the new league will be:
Eugene Bert, president; J. .J. Raver, vice
president; J. Bonet, treasurer, and H.
£•«■%•« : secretary. ; ','.' , J. •'
The teams that will play In the Pacific
Coast League, as the new organization
is called, will be: Gilt Edges of Sacra
mento,. W. J. Henesy and E. L. Kripp
managing; Santa Cruz. F. •W. Swanton
and O. L. Tuttle managing; San Jose, F.
Weston and J. McGucken managing; San
Francisco. F. W. Bushnell and George
Bunker managing; San Francisco Ath
letes, E. J. Kaplan and D. J. Crowley
managing; Oakland Reliance. J. Cal Ew-
Ing and A. J. Tubbs managing: Stockton,
H. J. Cochrane and G. C. Campbell man
aging, and Fresno. Russ Walberg and E.
A. Donohue managing.
The managers of the teams of both
leagues have been suggesting to each
other for some time that the baseball
clubs of both organizations should for
the benefit of the sport be under one
management. All the managers were
agreeable to the scheme, but none of
them seemed willing to concede anything
to bring It about. Neither league baa
been a profitable venture as far as pe
cuniary, results were concerned, and as
the debts kepi Increasing tne louder was
the talk of consolidation. After many
wrangles a basis for amalgamating the
two clubs was formed and at the end of
a few heated meetings the Pacific Coast
League was effected, with all the choice
climbs of the two leagues selected to form
the schedule of the new organization.
BASEBALL NEWS
AND COMMENT
BY JOE CORBETT.
"Josh" Rilcy will not go East this sea
son, preferring to take his chances with
the Central Park League.
It Is said that "Blocker" Hanlry is phy
a bone 'twlxt tho elbow and the shoulder,
which account! for his poor throwing.
Krug aspires to become a National
Leaguer. Not a bad Idea, Henry.
"Youngus" Johnson Is .still having his
troubles with the Eastern magnates, and
Kays that if they don't come to his terms
pretty soon he will sign with Manager
Crowley's aggregation. With Johnson
and TUley the San Franciscos will have a
very strong team.
Creamer says that umpires have not
enough authority, and In consequence
their life is made miserable. It would be
much better for the game out here if a
rule was made enabling umpires to put
players out of a game. . If such a rule
does exist it should be enforced., as too
much kicking very often spoils a game.
Entirely too much time is lost by teams
between innings. Ginger up a bit— it looks
nice. ' • i
Any ball player who cannot afford a
pair 'of shoes with "spikes" should be
suspended. How they ; ever expect to
play good ball with tennis shoes on is a
mystery.- . • . ;.
Monahan, the crack third baseman. of
the San Franciscos, is thinking very
seriously of accepting one of the 'many
liberal offers made him by Eastern
clubs. This star player would undoubted
ly hold up the enviable achievements of
former Calif ornians. but as good players
are in demand out here as well as in the
East, it is to be hoped he remains with
us.
-lanager Coffroth says that In two
weeks he will have the fastest team in
the State. Wake up. Jim.
Russell of the White House team would
make a valuable ucciuisitlon to any of
the league clubs. He is a good pitcher
and should be given a chance.
Hughes, the young Native Son who re
cently joined the Bakimores, is making
a wonderful record for himself with that
club. His shutting out of the great Bos
t"ii team without a. run or a hit places
him in a class by himself. Many people
are inclined to believe that the support
accorded him by the Baltimore* was re
sponsible for his great record. Such a
supposition is without grounds. There is
no doubt but what he was accorded excel
lent support, yet if he were not a good
pitcher all the league clubs combined
Could not have prevented that hard-hit
ting Boston team from funking at least
one base hit.
Eastern writers, commenting on his
work, state that his pitching is simply
marvelous and his batting all that could
be desired. The most wonderful part of
this man's work lies in the fact that he
entered the National League without the
almost necessary minor league experi
ence. He opened up against the Bostons
without knowing their weaknesses at bat,
which fact gives to California, the repu
tation of producing the only real
"phenom."
There will be joy and fireworks among
the "rooters" when they learn that, at
last, and after much wrangling, the two
leagues have consolidated. It will be
most gratifying ;,, Eastern players now
on the coast to know that the "National
protection" is to be dropped, by the new
league.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleside Track-152nd day of the
Winter Meeting, Wednesday, April 27, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
Q£J£J FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Horses. Weight. jSt.
947 K'-'Sormonde 110 I
'J Ban Antonio 112 6
M'T Master Mariner ...113| S
(927) Lady Ashley 110 S
W I The Ace 106 9
Ml l'.onnie lone 110| 2
<M 7) SOBCOI 1121 1
927 Sadie Schwartz ...KB 7
nee 1081 4
Vim.
4m.
2 4
4 2
7 4
3 1
9
6 1
6 4
8 4
1 n
Km.
1 4
4 1
7 4
3 1
9
5 4
6 3
8 a
2 4
Str.
1 1
2 h
6 2
3 %
8 2
7 3
* 4
9
■ 6 4
Fin. Jockeys.
1 14 H. Martin....
2 2 Shields
3 h Taylor
4 4 Glover
6 \*t Thorpe
6 1 Buckley
7 2 Clawson
8 4 Kiley
9 Plggott
"-.-> 8-5
2 8-5
20 80
20 20
7-2 9-2
100 200
8 12
100 300
15 30
. Winner, J. Nn«lee Burk's b. f. by imp. Ormonde-imp. Fairy Rose. Good
start. Win handily. Second and third driving.
OC'7 SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
~7ndex7~Horees. Weight. [St. %m. 4nv %m. Str\ Fin. I Jockeys. jOp! cf.
4 106' 7 « ltf 4 2 42 2 4 lh
Baa Itateo, 4 107 1 . IVi 14 14 ln 22
923 HIM Rom 5 109 5 514 514 5 2 4 1 3 1
Zamar 11. 4 108 S 31 22 22 31 42
. 4 \r*\i fi 24 32 3 4 52 BH
!>4l Widow Jonea. 4 ....102 2 61 63 6 4 61 61
VU nhv,.. .; 106.8 « 74 74 73 75
_gs2_Fcrtuna. a 109J 4 7 4 8 8 8 S_ |
Time, ; 284. Winner, Roland & Nichols 1 eh. f. by Apache-Kill.
three drivinc.
I 7
1 .
S
6
2
i .3
1 4
4 14
1 4
5 14
3 1
2 4 '
6 1
I
7 '.4
4 2
1 4
5 14
2 2
3 2
6 3
7 4
8
4 2
\t
2 2
3 4
6 4
8
2 4
1 h
4 1
3 1
5 2
6 1
7 3
8
1 h
2 2
3 1
4 2
6 4
6 1
7 5
8.
PlKgott ■ 3 7-2
Thorpe 2 3-2
Woods 15 20
Clawson 3 5
H. Martin.... 6 8
McDonald ... 10 25
Ames 10 9
[Shields 20 100
Good start. Won first
T I
Piggott '
I*l »
3
2
15
3
6
10
LO
20
7-2
3-2
20
8
25
9
100
Thorpe
Woods
Clawson
|H. Martin....
McDonald ...
lAmes
[Shields
QOO THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, ttfiO.
952 Twinkle Twlnk, 4..1081 3"
987 Zaire, 5 11?/ 1
MX Zaralda. 4 10811
MS Justine, 4 1M 5
!<43 F!..ri>n»-1, 4 108: 4
6fi7 Nlc Nan. 0 11l 8
65 2 h
12 13
4 U I 10
3 1 -41
24 3 h
6 -■-" 6
2 3
1 2
3 2
4 h
& 10
6
1 ns
2 5
3 2
4 h
5 15
6
i150n.. . .
8-5
10
10
1
10
50
1
10
u>
8-5
15
80
3
Time. I:l_V4. Winner, IX Cameron's br. f.
first thrf<- irlvlng. •
imp. Brutus-Nabette. Good start.
Won
ClfiO FOURTH RACE- Five furlongs; two-year-olds; the Corrlgan stakeß; value, JIJOO.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. %m.
(933; Ollnthus 123 4 ■
(MS) Milt Young 121 2
'.'S3 Excursion 118 1 v^'...Hl
(809) Sombre 120 6
949 Manter I>»e 113 7
946 Ha by King 113 3
645 Strongoll 113 5 . .
4m.
8 U
6 3
1 li
« 2
Km.
3 1
G 4
1 h
2 h
4 2
6 I.
7 ' ■
Str. ■■"
3 2
( 4
■ 1 n; ';■
2 h
4 '»
fi 5
7
Kin.
1 2
2 h
I S
4 1
5 2
fi 5
ilelds
lay to/i ......
hmmi
horpe .......
2 4
10 15
3 «
1 7-10
6 12
30 100
• «
lKK"tt ......
. Martin....
lawson ,
r oods .......
•Coupled with Excursion.
Time, 1:01%. Winner, I. O. Brown & Co.'a eh. c. by Red Iron-Lily Wright,
start. Won first three ilrivlnt;.
Gocsd
C_"7Tfc FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward;
tf f \Jm purse. H'jO.
[ndex.
'ira.
926 Buckwa, a 118 j 112 12 11 11 12 14 (Clayton 9-10 4-5
934 Thelma, a 106 4 6 44 2h 2 1 2 4 2n H. Martin.... 6 «
US S_n Marco. 5 113| 3 2n 2n 32 32 32 3 1M- PISKott 6 10
f.r> T »»-1 I'aso 11. 6 113 2 32 3m 43 43 43 43 Hennessy .... 6 25
940 Paul Pry, 6 ...ill •:. 4h 5 5 5 5 5 Thorpe 3 3
Time, 1:49-H- Winner, E. W. Purser's b. _. by Buckra-We Wa. Good start. Won eas-
ily. Second and third driving.
lay ton ......
[. Martin....
ijrgott j
icnnessy, ■.;..
-10 4-5
6 S
6 10
6 25
3 3
h"r|ie
971.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse, J350.
"index. I
Horses. Weight. |St. %m. 4m. %m. Str. Fin. ! Jockeys. jOp
'J'6 Uernardillo, 4 MM 1
(•si Walter J. 5 11l 4
K'*7 Summertime. 4 11-
!'...-. William 08. 5 I'> 7 7
f'L'C Cabrlllo, 6 114 6
955 Pleasanton. 4 108| 5
531 Frank James. 4 1041 2
i 1 1
2 4 .
0 2
6 3
i*
3 h
1!«
2 5'
* 4
B 3
3 1
7
5 h :
1 3
3 2
0 2
4 1
6 2
7
1 a
2 2
32
5 2
4 2
6 2
.7;
1 2
2 n
3 4
4 4
6 4
6 2
7
. Martin
lover
hlelds
ouln
"caver
ellas
non
2-5
50
4
20
4
100
30
2-5
10
6
30
6
Be
m
Time. 1:29. V
Won easily. Sec
rVinner. G. W. Baldwins b
cond and third driving.
t». K. 1
t^i.\S.v*U
■■■■:■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
MORE GLORY
FOR OLINTHUS
Finished First in the Cor
rigan Stake Decided
at Ingleside. .
/
Sombre, the Hot Favorite, Fin
ished Outside of the
. Money.
Buoltwa Cantered in Winner— First
Choices Fell Heir to Four
Purses.
OHnthus, the handsome chestnut brother
to Diggs, more than turned the tables on
Sombre at Ingleside yesterday. On March
24 the black daughter of the one-time
queen of the turf. Miss Woodford, downed
Olinthus half a length for the Androus
stake. On that occasion the latter re
ceived a shabby ride. Since that time
Olinthus has shaken his country coat and
gait, and now looks the aristocrat all
over. His steady improvement appar
ently escaped the majority, for in the bet
ting on the Corrlgan stake at five fur
longs Sombre was chalked up a 6 to 5 fa
vorite, and the bookies were almost
swamped with the coin offered. At post
4 to 6 was very scarce. Olinthus, carry
ing 123, two pounds more than the choice,
opened at twos, but the supply was
greater than the demand, and his odds
drifted to 4 to 1. The other starters had
shown no class.
At the start Excursion was first to
break and went sifting away in the lead,
Sombre at his heels and Olinthus plod
ding along, in third position. Well into the
stretch Sombre was all out and fell back.
Shields shook Olinthus up and gradually
taking the lead won cleverly from the
fast coming Milt Young in 1:023;. Excur
sion hung on gamely, only giving up the
place in a head linish.
A strong wind blew over the course,
which prevented any fast time being
made. It was a rosy day for favorites,
four out of six securing purses.
The opening event at six furlongs was
taken by Rosormonde which, with San
Antonio, held sway in the betting.
"Skeets" Martin rode N'aglee Burkes
mare. and. In front most of the way. led
San Antonio out by over a length in l:lsVj.
In tin 1 seven-furlong selling affair next
decided the 3 to 2 favorite San Mateo
found the route too far. and after making |
all the pace was beaten out the last few j
strides by Lena, the second choice, pi- |
loted by Piggott. Woods landed . Miss
Ross in" the show at odds of 30 to 1.
A cheap slx-furlong run followed, and
Twinkle Twink, the favorite, with Gouin
in the saddle; won and that was all. Zar
ro, ridden by Gus Wilson, struck the
stretch with a commanding lead, when
liis rider grew gay, and Gouin brought the
favorite along in time to get the decision
by a nose. Zaraida was third.
'The mile and a sixteenth looked a gift
for Buckwa. and such it proved. The
ring laid the long price of 9 to l*> about
him and all Clayton had to do was to sit
still and hold his head up. Four lengths
back as the wire was passed Thelma beat
San Marco a nerk for the place.
Bernardillo had nothing to beat in the
lasl event, and at odds of 3 to 5 galloped
in the easiest kind (if a winner. In a hard
drive the 100 to 1 shot Walter J took the
place from Summertime.
TRACK NOTES.
The stewards of the California Jockey Club
will meet this forenoon at 10 o'clock at the of
fice of the club, when thp case of the sus
pended rider, Eddie Jones, will be given a re-
hearing. ,
K'l Corrigan has protested the -claiming or
Chihuahua by Tom Cooke 'on the ground that
the latter was acting as agent for pome one
who kept in the background. The matter will
receive an airing to-day.
Soscol appears to be very much of an in
and outer. Hia showing in the opening event
was a very rank one with "Pepsin" Claw son'
in the saddle.
MJmtw Marine* ran third in the first race at
odds of KXJ to 1. He has plenty of speed and
Will do to keep an eye on.
Zatnar had speed to burn until the stretch
was reached, and there he cashed In. Honig's
gelding receded in the betting.
There wen; hard luck stories without number
at the conclusion of the Twinkle Twink-Zarro
finish. Had Ous Wilson on the latter gone
on about his business in the run name instead
of turning in the saddle to see how far be
hind the field was. the bla< k horse would have
won. It is a ' habit that has lost many a
puiac.
Ollnthuß has won over $4000 In ptak»»s and
purses glnce Galen Brown first showed him up
at Ingles-kle track back In January.
On Tuesday evening at a down town hotel.
"Skeets" Martin wagered a new hat with
Starter J. B. Ferguson that he (Martin) would
land Master Lee inside the money in the two
year-old stake yesterday. "Skeets" put up a
good ride on the youngster, but lost the hat.
Paul Pry must have experienced one of his
old time sulky turns, for he was last from
start to finish.
Pleasanton, a 25 to 1 shot, with a stable boy
on his back, thoroughly enjoyed himself at the
post In the last run. He first gave Summer
time a resounding kick on one of her hind legs
and then plastered one on Cabrlllo's knee, cut
ting a gash that bled profusely. The latter
was heavily played both for the place and
show, and It seems as though bets on the
horse should have been declared on*. When
Captain Rees presided In the stand at Ingle
side he invariably offered bettors this protec
tion, a Turf Congress rule permitting of the
ruling. ■
Young Mclntyre, quite a promising boy In
the saddle, left for tho East last evening. He
signed to ride for Billy Magrane. •
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; selling."
961 The Fretter.-.1..108 936 Abano .107
949 Rey Hooker ..10S 924 ZacatOßa 103
692 Gllbetto 105 945 Distance .;......10S
... Jennie Reid ....105 819 Sir Urian .105
949 Faversham 10S 936 Britomartis ....103
954 Crossmolina ....109 924 Gold Fin .......110
... Cheated 108 943 McFarlane .....106
924 Chilcoot Pa 55. ..1051 ..
Second Three-quarters of a mile.
935 Imp. Tripping. .lo6 (959) La Goleta 55
866 CVConnell 121 879 Recreation 101
■ 963 Sardonic 101
Third Race— One mile; gentlemen riders.
%2 Little Cripple. .ls7 952 O'Fleta 157
(Mr. damage.) ■ (Mr. Waller.)
962 Tulare 153 952 Wawona 157
(Mr. Hume.) (Mr. Walsh.)
965 Mike Rice ....157 .962 Metaire ...... 157
(Mr. Skinner.) (Mr. Forsland.)
955 Attlcus 153 955 William 08.. .,160
(Mr. Dunphy.) (Mr. Hobart.)
Fourth Handicap ; steeplechase; short
coui se.
(951)Reno . .'. 168 951 Our Climate ..138
951 Silverado 152 951 Esperance 135
951 Gov. Budd 150 932 Huntsman 135.
Fifth Race— Seven-eighths of a mile; selling.
959 Major Hooker.. .ltt 925 Elsmore 106
93'> AVatomba 105 946 Niihau 101
925 Charles Le Bel. 107 942 On Gua N1ta....101
95S Don Luis 107 937 Ockturuck 103
942 Rio Frio 103 42 Musculado . J...103
959 Defiant 103 70S Formella 101
Sixth Race— Eleven-sixteenth of a mile; sell
ing.
923 Cavallo 1131 931 Torpedo 110
943 Nervoso 1131 905 Midas ...., 116
SG7 Fortuna IOSi 943 Naranja 108
632 Gallan 113 i 959 Terra Archer ..113
943 Senator Morrill.ll6i
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— <:• Id Fin, Abano, Crossmollna.
Second Race— lmp. Tripping, Recreation,
O'Connell.
Third Hacp— William 08, Wawona, Metalre.
Fourth Race— Reno, Our Climate, Gcv. Budd.
Fifth Race— Kl." more, Watomba, Don Luis.
Sixth Race— Midas, Nervosa, Naranja.
4 Fell From His Bicycle.
William Hund, 622 Broderick street,
who is employed in delivering The Call
war bulletins, fell from his bicycle on
Fulton street, near Buchanan yesterday
afternoon, and had to be taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Bunnell
found that he bad two ugly wounds in his
scalp and that his skull was possibly
frru-tured. After his wounds were stitched
and dressed he was able to go home.
Elfin Wins a Handicap.
LONDON, April 27.— At the second day's
racing of the Newmarket first spring
meeting to-day the Lorillard-Beresford
stable's bay colt Elfln won the three-year
old welter handicap of 400 sovereigns.
Wallace Johnston's bay colt Disraeli won
the 2000 guinea stake. The Duke of Port
land's Wantage was second and Prince
Soltykoff's Ninus third.
Baseball in the West.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 27.— The West
ern Baseball Association will open in this
city to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales ev«r6, 000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind ami Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
N'Trvouß and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'B PIIXS, tak^n as direct-
ed, 'will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
or any Patent Medicine in the World,
25c. at all Drug Stores,
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
ParU, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUOERA & CO.
SOI.U BY ALL DRfWISTS
j^§i^ELKTRIG:BELTS
igp|ji3lil^ u-LO I nIU DEL 1 0
&fcjjy// \\ ,'M •F\v / j \ T^Kfl ■ Are good things if properly made, but some of
IWRm? l %»ir>»LJ VxV V \ J ' )/jdi the things which are sold as "electric belts"
.^BRjWStemjffi^!*!^ AnnirazmiEEfflcH^r at hi^h prices by unprincipled quacks are
SGISMiX^— arm WSVK. IT' B^F actually not worth 5 cents apiece. If you want
» '«»iM^^vi^Aauii'«diasa»97 a good belt, one to last a reasonable length of
A t VVTrTT lll^^l^r^^^^KJ^C^- time - and fill you with Electricity from the
/ / 1 NV^fNJ//* ■' Tjf\\ soles of your feet to the . top of your' head.
■' / ' "_nfV*- '' * you MUST have "Dr. Pierces 1 ," for it is the
rs| l_r-x_ BEST and is warranted to be exactly as represented.
**^ll_/*: — TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to fill this entire
■ 7^t\ newspaper. Send for our Free Book, No. 2. It gives price list
/ .yy*^ and tells all about it. Or call at office and examine the goods
• . for yourself. '■ " .•",■"..!
BUT BE SURE YOU
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES.
IF RUPTURED, ask also for our latest 'TAMPHLET No. 1."
ADDRESS, or call on the ' *
Pierce Electric Co., 620 Market St.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, S. F.
SEATTLE OFFlCE— Sullivan block, 712 First aye., Seattle, Wash.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald, .
, Wholesale Dealer in
Foreign and California Coke.
300 to 308 Howard Street,
• . Corner Scale. Street. , /
OFFICE-813 FOLSOM STREET.
IKO^DR. HALL'S REIN VIGOR ATOR
■^Hr^MH Five hundred reward for any case
P* 1 MMg we cannot cure.; This secret remedy
D __ ■ ■ stops all losses In '24 i hours, . cures
KB9 99H Emissions, Impote'ncy, Vuricocele,
l?!n PnVi Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
Uihi tii4J I-":'- Manhood and all wasting ef-
JKJ|«H fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■HtaESB sealed, |2 bottle; 3 bottles, »3; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market st., S. F. All pri-
; vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
ON DIAMONDS
AT THE EAST
Boston and New York
Increase Their "Win
ning Percentage.
"Red" Ehret Wins a Game All
by Himself for Louisville's
Colonels.
Pittsburg Administers to St. Louis
Two Trounclngs in a Single
Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, April 27.— Boston de
feated the Phillies to-day through the in
ability of the latter to hit Nichols. Dun
kle pitched a steady game, but the team
behind him played poorly. Attendance
2024. Score :
R. H. E.
Boston • 6 10 0
Philadelphia 15 4
Batteries— N'ichols and Bprg-en: Dunkle and
Boyle. Umpires— Curry and Snyder.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— The Giants
had a walk-over. The Washing-ton pitch
ers could not pitch and the fielders could
not field. Called on account of darkness
at the end of the seventh Inning. Attend
ance 600. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington S 8 6
New York 20 14 1
Batteries -Amole, Donovan and McGuire:
Seymour and Grady. Umpires— Emslie and
Andrews.
LOUISVILLE, April 27.-"Red" Ehret
won his own game to-day by his good
batting. Young was substituted for Mc-
Allister during the eighth inning for ob
jetoing too strongly to a decision. At
tendance 500. Score:
R. H. E.
Louisville 9 16 3
Cleveland 8 13 3
Batteries— Ehret and Wilson; McAllister,
Young and O'Connor. Umpires— Swartwood
and Wood.
ST. LOUIS, April 27.-The Browns and
Pirates played two games to-day. The
Pirates went out from the start and suc
ceeded in landing both games. Score, first
game:
R. 11. E.
St. Ix>uls 3 11 3
Plttsburjf 9 11 0
Batteries — Sudhoff, Daniels and Sugden;
Hastings and Schriever. Umpires— Cushman
and Heydler.
Second game, score:
„ T , R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 8 4
Pittsburg II 14 2
Batteries— Hughes and Sugden: Tannehill and
Schriever. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
BALTIMORE, April 27.-Brooklyn out
batted the Orioles to-day, played without
an error and won. A high wind and low
temperature kept the attendance down to
824. Score: t- -; >
Baltimore HH 9'9 ' B j
Brooklyn "" 7 jj jj
Batteries— Hughes and Clark;" Kennedy ana
Rj ; a "- J-mrlres— Lynch anri Connolly
CINCINNATI, April 27.-The Reds took
to-day s pame from the Colts by hitting
at opportune times. Attendace 2490. Score-
Cincinnati *V H g e a
Chicago ; 3 11 o
Batteries-Dwyer anrl Peitz: ■'Thornton and
Donohoe. Umpires-McDonald and O'Day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION
— BY
YON RHEIN & CO.,
636 MARKET STREET,
THJS DAY.
THURSDAY, APRIL 28 - - at 12 M. sharp
TURK. NEAR MARKET ; RENT $175.
55x137:6—116 Turk, near Market st. 46 rooms
nchv at greatly reduced rent; pays $173; part
of lot unimproved; less than 2 blocks from
Market In- 2 directions. -
CHOICE BTEINER-STREET LOT.
2"xl00— E. line of Steiner, 123 feet N. of Oak-
street accepted; fine view and fashionable lo-
cality. .
FIRST AYE.: NEW FLATS ; RENT $35.
> 26x107— 186 Ist aye.: N of Sacramento: two
sunny modern flats: Ist aye. Is a Boulevard;
sold only on account of departure.
26 LAUREL and 19 GUY PLACE, Off Ist ; Rent $30
60x160— Minus L of 25x30. off Ist, bet. Folsoni
and Harrison, fronting 50 feet on Laurel place
and 25 feet on Guy place: front and rear house.
DOLORES-STREET CORNER PROPERTY.
• 25:11x95— N. W. cor.« Dolores and 22d; store
and dwelling; streets in good condition: Mis-
sion at. Electric branch cars pass.
THREE LOTS, BOYCE, 8. OF POINT LOBOS.
75xl20^E.' line of-Boyce St., 275 feet south of
Pt. Lobos aye., as a whole, or three lots.
each 25x120; Boyce st. : runs off Pt. Lobos aye.
four blocks east of Ist aye.
I . THREE LOTS, EUREKA, S. OF 20th. ■_.
■ 25x130 — Three lots west line of Eureka,
commencing 100 feet south of 20th; street ac-
cepted. Take Castro st. cable.,
; BUILDING LOTS, 17th, E. OF EUREKA.
> 62:6x75 — S. line of 17th, commencing 125 feet
east of Eureka; street accepted; patent side-
walk. - .- .. i -■ vv, , •. .-.■■.
, V , . 3021 PINE ; RENTS $25. . v'/;-;;-31x87—S.v '/;-; ;-
31x87— S. line of Pine, 91:5 feet E. of Central
aye.; front and rear house. . . . •
' ; 22d, NEAR UNION IRON WORKS ; RENT $12. i
25x75- : 415 22d S. line of 22d, E. of Michigan;
close to the Union Iron ' .Works % " .  • ■ ;.
I 000 00 0 00 0000 000000
gar PALACE m%
° GRAND "°mk s °
\ a BAN FRANCISCO. _
i " Connected ■by v covered passagrewny. *"*
! 0 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. "
; O ALL Undbb One MANAGKJUii<r. O
0 MOTS THE PRICES:.: : Q
O European Plan.»l. OO per day and upward rt
American P1an.»3. 00 per day and upward **
Q .Correspondence Solicited. O
Q JOHN C. KIRKPATEICE, Manager. q
OO OOP Q OOP 0000
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S <>«*'
j^ Museum of Anatomy
1«l V ICEI HmiT ST. lit. 6th, * 7th, 5. F. CaL
4 ■ Tbe L»r E fiiofi««kindlnti?WorW-
1 j^»\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Itfw V CoMulW.too free. Writ, for B«.k
<t\ | t Philosophy of Marriage.
A U mailed rnzt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pi»lk 'fe^ Jß WHERE GAME IS PLENTIFUL?
M^^^^ Winchester Repeating Rifle
K^Spn^l^C if) Y° u w °n't. want for food or protection if you do. :
jlilk Y&^j. Send name and address on a postal card for 14S-
BliP V "M Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
Jk^yr^ "^ Jrafl 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
DIRECTORY OF
/^^^mj ALASKA-YUKON
»fflr^SHP^ TRANSPORTATION CO.
ujfflljf \vK^^R V '* Hl Dis P at ch the Clipper Ship
J*!tk jkSBl RUFOUS E. u/ood
/V/// \T^^^S^glk MAY 10, IS98 > for ST. MICHAEL, connecting
I Xf AW. nSKjSHHhSH with our line of river steamers for DAWSON.
F /?/'^ il *^* £ *^^Q-^vß^ai • Secure your passage and freight .space imme-
I\/Hl dlately for the first trip up the river, as it 13
• !/jr^3s^fr^fn&WJßEjo^^ Wo Wi " lave sorno freight space left for St.
//iT^KgSfiisSIHJHBBBSi Apply at 3 STEUART St., San Francisco, Cal.
'//i/'^^vltw/ Y^Rv^K'* BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
7/1 ""^SSsbi/ Y^^^^ owing to lack of feed; larger and juat as rich
•If I X \^f I-- *^i as Klondike: produced about $5,000,000; 1500 X
111 vv////-_ "' ""^-^ 'W feet; our new modern Fteamer, Alice
//<WT* RIX- st °P s there gcin* to Dawson City: our
l'\Jlj<, r l book free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 211
I.' d y . ' Montgomery St.. opp. Russ House.
I . . • —____-
HO FOR RICHEST gold fields
■ —I N—
«a.x-i-A-s:k:.a. !
GREAT NORTHERN STEAMSHIP CO.
WILL. DISPATCH FOP. .-
KOTZEBUE SOUND
The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship RUTH,
On or about June 1, 1898. Will proceed directly without stopping at inter-
mediate points and arrive at Sound as soon as any vessel leaving earlier.
v LARGEST AND STRONGEST SHIP IN THIS TRADE.
Fitted with social hall, smoking room, state rooms, bath rooms, etc.
Freieht insured at lowest rates.
Fare including 3000 pounds baggage and PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK
RIVER,' in light-draught steamboat drawing one foot, light, to head of navi-
gation, about 250 miles, $200.
EXCURSION RATES.
Round trip from San Francisco, with 500 pounds baggage, with privilege
of stopping about 60 days, $250; or return on any of our ships during the
summer of 1899. Best of Accommodation — Stanch and Safe.
Close inspection invited. Full information call or address,
J. G. McCALL, General Agent.
46 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry, San Francisco.
CUT RATESTO ALASKA,
First steamer for DAWPON direct will leave
May S.
FARE, FI ST-CLASS, $225.
This will positively be the first boat up Yu-
kon River.
First-ciass aocomodations. Few berths left.
Apply at once, .T. G. McCALL, 46 Market
street, San Francisco.
SLEDS, BOATS.^ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, . rctic dons, Yukon boats,
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
Bteam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be
Been nt salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 713 Third
•t. 'Phone Red 236 L
The advertisement canvasser for a St. Louis daily paper says of
Ripans Tabules: "Ever since I can remember I have been troubled
with constipation in its severest form. So acute, in fact, at times, as
to produce dreadful headaches that, notwithstanding all the outdoor
work afforded me by my vocation, and the latitude it allowed me to
test my pedestrian abilities — which is supposed to be a successful
manner of displacing constipation — I was very often compelled to
forego my pursuit of 'business.' Constipation with me seemed to
be hereditary rather than due to accidental causes, therefore much
harder to relieve. In my extremity I often resorted to most drastic
measures, but found no cure to be permanent. In 1892, while con-
nected with the Times of El Paso, Tex., Ripans Tabules were brought
to my notice, and I used them with marked success. Nowadays I
never suffer from such severe cases of constipation, and the violent
headaches I formerly experienced never worry me in the least. Some-
times, though, when I allow myself to lapse for a period into irreg-
ular habits, I become slightly constipated, but by taking the Tabules
according to directions, my bowels again perform their functions in a
highly pleasing manner."
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
JL LI. Aevfuujt — Failing Mem- -
ory, Im potency, Kloijple?sr.w». etc., caused
by Abuse or other Kxcesses and India* : .
cretioua, 11>*y quickly and. surely
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit c. man for study, business or marriage.
}> Prevent Insanity and Consumption if :
100. Their shows immediate improve- ■
inent and effects a. CURE where all othor fail In- !
sist • upon having (ho genuine AJaz Tablets. . They
have cared thousands and will euro you. Wo rive a pos- '
itive written gnaranteo to offset a cure Kfl PTC &
ci eh case or refund the money. I Price UV U I di per
Pi.ekaKe; or six pksee (full treatment) for $2.50. By i
mail, in plain wrapper, niion receipt of pried. Circular
Xnse - AJAX; REMBOYCO., ?o c^ r 7,?> l
For sole in Ban Francisco by Leipnitz & Co.. '
136 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy, 049 Mkt.
GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGINE CO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. 4 B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal,
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable In price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
st. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
MOJEOHI
■ HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
X Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores. Ulcers ■
■In Mouth, Hair-Fallini,'.' Write COOK KEM- 1
■ KUYCO.. 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 8
■ CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital •
m 1500,000. Worst cases cured iv lit to 35 days, I
■ 100-page book free. ' ,
Weak Men and Women :
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TOIB
iO great Mexican Remedy; • given bealtk aa<i
•trength to the sexual organ*. -
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver higher.
Spot Wheat firm: Futures easier.
Barley Futures wp kor.
Other Cereals about the sam«.
Hay and Feedstuffs steady.
Flour firm.
Beans f=tmng.
Onions weaker. Potatoes unchanged.
Green Peas lower.
Butter off again. Eggs unaltered.
Poultry market overstocked.
Strawberries lower. Cherries in light re
ceipt.
Oranges easier.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Provisions the same. (
Hogs still weak.
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of wine from this port during the
first three months of the year were 3.564.000
gallons, against 3.243,500 during the same time
last year.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the , ast twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect potnts of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and 13 usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to iow pres
sure and Is usually preceded and .accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usuaily
firs', appear on t v .e Washington ?oast. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
Br.j F'->uth along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with iso K ars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" In the vic:nity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In Fummer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will croduc* id
opposite result.
LEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, April 27, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 31.21 4.7 3
Red Uluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 5.87 17.26
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.61
San Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
L"S Angeles 0 5.26 16.70
San Diego 0 4.18 11.66
Vuina v, 0 1.06 fi.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 58;
minimum, 4&: mean, ,">4.
■WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the Pa
cific Coast. A tpmgh of low pressure extends
from the Sacramento Valley southeastward into
Arizona. An area of high pressure overlies
Washington and Vancouver Island.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Utah and Eastern Nevada. It has risen over
Northern Idaho and Eastern Oregon. The
temperatures in the great valleys of California
are from 6 to 16 degrees above the normal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Port Canby. 2S miles per hour from
the north; Portland, 2S northwest; Sacramento,
30 southwest; San Francisco, 40 west; Carson
City, 2S west.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Mount
ains.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, April 28, 189S:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday;
northerly winds in the Interior; fresh west
erly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; fresh
westerly wind.
Nevada— ciuudy Thursday.
Utah— Pair Thursday.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday; cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day; fresh westerly wind.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 27.— T0-day's stock mar
ket was almost entirely without tone. The
total transactions were not , greatly In excess
of the smallest day's business in the history of
the exchange, the aggregate of sales footing
up only SI, COO shares. The market drifted aim
lessly over a very ..narrow range. Such usually
volatile specialties as Sugar and Metropolitan
Street Railway covered a range of less than
% during the whole day. A large number of
stocks which almost always figure In the day's
trading have not a single Bale recorded for
them. A few stocks moved quite widely on
account of special causes, but the volume of
business, even with these, was small. Cana
dian and Northern Pacific stocks moved up
ward together from the same cause, namely,
rumors which are prevalent in London that the
Northwestern rate war Is about to be settled.
Canadian Pacific net gain Is 2% and Northern
Pacific a point. The strength of these stocks
really gave the tone to the whole market, lift
ing it above last night's close, which it re
tained to the end. General Electric showed
strength from the showing made by Its annual
statement. Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf
recovered 2'« of yesterday's loss, which was
Bald to be due to apprehension that its ter
minal port on the gulf would be closed by the
war. - Hawaiian Commercial recovered, four
points of its 'recent loss, which were said to
be due to apprehension that its stocks of sugar
In transit were liable to capture. ; Arbitrage
dealers sold most of, the international stocks,
but bought Northern " Pacific. Their 'transac
tions,-however, were insignificant.- . The I dull
ness In stocks is no doubt due In part to the
transfer of speculative Interest to the wheat
market. : ..... ....
Conditions in the money market seemed 'to
be working to an. easier basis. Call loans at
the banks, which hold out for 4 per cent, are
being repaid, as money can be had for less
than that In the street, and time loans are said
to be made at a shade below 6 per cent, which
has been firmly held for some time. The de
mand for funds from the interior continued,
but Is not as large as earlier in the week. The
ripe In exchange checked the rate for demand
sterling, holding steady at about $4 84%.
The bond market was intensely dull In sym
pathy with stocks, and prices were held about'
steady. Total sales, $900,000.
United States old fours registered declined
*4 In bid price and the new fours coupon were
% lower bid than the sale price of yesterday
Total sales of stocks to-day were Si*. £00
chares, including: Burlington 8575, Erie * pre
fer^.: 4321, Northern Pacific preferred 12,005
Bt. Paul 6SS7, Union Pacific prefei red 7415,
American Spirits 5745, People's Gas 5006, Amer
ican Sugar 12,060. ,
CLOSING STOCKS. *
Atchison 10% St 1' & Om 67
Do pref 24 Do pref :. 140
Baltimore & Ohio 15 St PM A M . 130
Canada Pacific ... 79V4 So Pacific 12V.
Canada Southern.. 46 So Railway ...... - 714
Cent Pacific 11 Do pref ... ..... 25
Ches Ohio 17% Texas & Pacific 9%~
Chi & Alton ...:. 152 Union Pacific .... so£
Chi B & 0 . 89% V P D & 0 60&
Chi <£.- E 111.....;. 49 Wabash 6 £
'• CC& St L.... 26Vi Do pref UU
Do Pref 711 Wheel & L E..... 1%
Del & Hudson ... 104*; Do pref ........ Sti
Dei L, * W 141 Express Companies—
Den * R G 10 Adams Ex ....... 97
Do pref 41% American Ex .... 120
Erie (new) 11 United States .... 37
Do Ist pref .... 31*4 Wells :'argo ..... 114
Ft Wayne IG6 Miscellaneous—
Qt V, or pref ■•• 14. , A Cot Oil ■■ •• 16
Hocking Valley .. fi* Do pref ........ 68
Illinois Central 97 Amn Spirits . ... 11
Lake Erie & W... 13% Do pref ........ 23
t , "i I"*'1 "*' "° Am. Tobacco ..... 101%
»*lte., Shore ...... 100 Do pref ........ 113
Louis <& Nash... 46 i People's Gas 88% |
Manhattan L ■ 92% Cons Gas .'. 171^
Met St Ry ....... 135%iC0m Cable Co ... 150
| Mich Cent ........ 100%. Col F & Iron .... IS ;
; Minn & St L...... 23V Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 7S Gen Electric 31
■ Mo Pacific ■ .20% Illinois Steel ..... 44 '
Mobile & Ohio ... 24 Laclede Gas 41 I
! Mo X & T 9% Lead ' 2"%
Do pref 30% ! Do pref ..: .99% .
■ Chi Ind & L..... 7 Nat Lin Oil 14
Do pref '... 23 Or Imp -Co 26 : '
. N J Central 90 Pacific Mall 22
: N V Central .... 107% Pullman Pal 16-.' . ■
! N V Chi & 6 L... -11% Silver Cert 56% '
i Do Ist r>rpf .... 60 Stand R *; T '.. 3%
i Do 2d pref 2S Sugar •. lWi
Nor West ..: 11% Do pref 105.
!No Anier Co ..... ,>%■ T"C & Iron ISVi |
!No Pacific 23 US Leather ..... SM, ;
Do pref .' 60% Do pref 66%
Ontario <ft W..... 13% U S Rubber 15%
;Or R .-; Nay 42 Do pref 62 j
Or Short Line ... 28 West Union 85% |
; Plttsburg 167 C N W .»<>
Reading 1.1%! Do pref 17.
Do Ist pref .... 37%!5t L & S W 3% i
Rock Island ..... 83% Do pref S%
St L& S F.. 0 ROW 23 |
Do Ist pref .... M% Do pref ........ 53 j
Do 2d pref .... 23% COW 10%
St Paul So Haw Com C 0,.... 23
Do pref 139 UP Common .... 19
CLOSING BONDS. . :•
U S new 4b reg.. .117 N Carolina 6s .. 120 ;
Do coup -HSVfe . Do 4s ...-. 102%
U S 4s 106% No Pac lsts 112% ,
Do coup 108 Do 3s. 57%,
Do 2ds 94 Do 4s SO%
U S os reg 110% N V C & S L 45... 100.
Do Ds coup .... 11l Nor & W 6s 115%
District 3.65s 112 North wstrn cons. 138
Ala class A 10S% Do deb 5s ...... 114
Do B 108% O Nay lsts 110
Do C ..• 00 O Nay 4s 89*
Do Currency ... 90 O S.Llne 6s — 117
Atchlson 4s ...... 85% OS Line Be tr.... 96
Do adj 4s 56% O Imp lsts tr.... 101%
Can So 2ds 106 Do 5s tr 60 |
Chi Term 4s SO* Pacific 6s of 95.. 102* !
C & Ohio 5s 113 Reading 4s 78 I
C H & D •'*■ 104% R G W lsts 78* ;
D & R G lsts.... IDS St L&I M C 55.. 86% I
D & RG 4s 84 St L&S F G 65.. 112 I
East Term lsts... 104 St P Con 139" |
r.rle Gen 4s ....... Cs St PC & P lsts.. 114
F W & D Ist? tr. 60 Do 5s 11l
Gen Elec 6s 9<J So Ry os -....-... <.. 57%. ■
O H & S A 65.... 100 Stand R & T «s.. 55
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 3s.'. 85
H&T C5B 10S T&P L G lets.. 97* j
Do con 6s 100 Do Rg 2ds 29% !
lowa C lsts 98 DPD & G lsts.. 50%.
La new cons 45... 90 Wab Ist 5b :.. 106 j
L& N Uni 45.... $2% Do 2dß ■ 75*4 ■
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 103% i
M X & T 2ds 57% Va Centuries .... 63
Do 4s 83* Do deferred ... 5
N V Central lets.. 113 U P pref 50*
N J C 5s 109% U P 4s SS%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20. Ontario .. 2 50
Crown Point 10 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va.... 60 , Plymouth 12
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00 i
Gould & Curry... 10 Do pref 200 ;
! Hale & Norcross. 40 Sierra Nevada ... 6.)
j Homestake 37 0) , Standard 1.65
Iron' Silver 4*l Union Con 20
Mexican 10 1 Yellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April 27— Atchlson, 10%; Bell Tel
ephone, 245; Burlington, SS%; Mexican Central,
4%. .
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 27. 3 p. m.—Closing
i Money on call steady, l'< i 'a2 per cent; last loan,
| 1% per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 6@7 per
! cent. Sterling exchange steady, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 84%'<t4 85 for de
1 mand at $4 SIVi for sixty days. Posted rates.
$4 81Vi@4 S2 and $4 55%@4 86. Commercial bills,
$4 SOig'4 80%. Silver certificates, 66%'5'57c. Bar
. slles, 56% c. Mexican dollars. 40>ic. Govern- ;
ment bonds, weak. State bonds, dull. Rail- :
: road bonds, steady.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 27.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet but better today on
the combined Inflow of gold and easier money.
Tht tettlement was a small affair, except in
West Australian mines and . was easily ar-
ranged. Contangoes were comparatively light,
the rate In Spanish 4s being about 1 per cent,
which Is Indicative of a short supply.
Contangoes on Americans were 4% to 6 per j
cent, but on New York Centrals the rate was
even down to 2 and on Louisville and Nash
ville from 2 to 3 per cent.
- A feature in the market to-day was the sharp
rise In Canadian Pacifies on Montreal buying, j
Americans closed at about the best, with a j
very small speculative inquiry here. Kaffirs j
were better on the reported reduction of the
dynamite rates in the Transvaal. The dif
ficulties in the West Australian market have
not yet been settled. Another failure was an
nounced to-day. 1 am Informed on excellent
authority that as a result of the j Bank of
England's policy, as recently told In these
dispatches,- In making advances of free In
terest,- £1,500.000 in gold has been already re
ceived, the remainder being expected In the
next ' few days. To-day's receipts of bar gold
at. the bank is the first for two ~ years past.
The London discount market would be easier
but for the fact that on May 7 more than £12.
000,000 of the Chinese Indemnity money to be
paid Japan, will, with the exception of £1,000,
000 to be retained by the Imperial i Bank of
Germany, all so to Japan's account at the
Bank of England, thus Impoverishing the
London market and Increasing the bank's
power of control.
MADRID, April 27.— Spanish fours closed at
53 60. Gold was quoted at 76.
BERLIN, April 27.— the Bourse to-day
prices were firm. __
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.000; exports, 10,000. Market retained its
strength and was fairly active. Low-grade
winter scarce. : -\ .'•>•"■
WHEAT— Receipts, 320,000; exports, 202,000.
Spot firm; No. 2 red. $1 24 f. o. I>. afloat. Op
! tions opened steady, but at once went to pieces
under heavy liquidation. ■ Weakness continued
until after noon, when efforts to cover disclosed
a scarcity of wheat and prices rallied decis
ively, closing firm at %@lc net advance. No. 2
red May, $1 16Vs@l 22%, closed $1 22.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— v Vf/i '■", ''■': l.
METALS— With the exception of spelter the
various departments of the • metal market
showed a firm undertone^ with quotations In
some Instances a shade higher. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants firmer, with $6 70 bid
and $7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— and unchanged, with
$12 10 bid' and $12 25 asked.
TlN— Unchanged, with fl4 50 bid and $14 60
asked.
SPELTER— Easier, with $4 10 bid and $4 20
asked.
LEAD— Firmer, with $3 70 bid and $3 75 asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for leading
Western -miners and smelters quotes lead at
$3 50.
COFFEE — Options closed steady, 10 018 points
net higher. Sales, 18,750 bags, including May,
$5 50®5 65. Spot coffee— Rio, ■ firm No. 7 In
voice and jobbing, 7%c; mild, firm; Cordova,
8V4«15%c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong, held higher; fair re
fining, 3 11-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 3-16 c; re
fined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts 6156 packages. Steady;
"Western creamery, lu(fJl7c; factory, 12%<515c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12.600 packages. Steady;
Western, ll>4c; Southern, 10H@llc.
DRIED FRI'IT.
NEW TORK. April 27.— California Dried
Fruits strone and active.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6©7%0j
prime wire tray, B\ic; wood-dried, prime, S%^
S%c; choice, S%c; fancy, 9@9V4c.
PRUNES- «%©Be,
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 6%@Bc; Moorpark, S%@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. fi<??Bc; peeled, U%c.
NEW YORK WHEAT MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 27.— After a season of dis-
couragements early In the session, wheat bulls
attacked the market on all sides to-day, forc
ing shorts in vigorous action, which wiped
out all the early decline and left official clos
ing prices •%'irlc higher than last night. The
greatest excltnmen-t of the day, however, was
brought out in curb trading, when July sold
up Co $1 03V4 on a continuation of the active
covering, which marked the last hour's trad
ing. Heavy liquidation formed a part of the
morning's business, thus relieving the market
of a considerable burden and making it ex
tremely sensitive In the late afternoon to the
bullish demonstrations. Exports were' fairly
large and an advance was reported In freight
rates. The remarkable strength In foreign
markets to-day in face of yesterday's late
.weakness on this side, was a bit? surprise to
all traders, indicating either a big corner !n
near-by deliveries, particularly In Liverpool
and Antwerp, or a continued scare over light
supplies. July sold from 99c to $1 01 T 4. closing
officially at $1 01H- May ranged from $1 1G" 2
to $1 22!4. closing officially at $1 22.
The last curb price on July was %c over the
best previous figures for the year.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 27.— The foreign wheat mar
kets, which were •controlling influences ai the
opening here to-day, showed a deal of irregu
larity. Liverpool quoted declines of %!g2d,
while Paris came 2%®3c higher. The extereme
ly favorable crop bulletins had a bearish tenor.
Trading began at a decline of 14c in July
wheat. For half an hour the :nark?t actod
strong and rallied twice to yesterdays clom\
but at the end of the. time mentioned an ava
lanche of offerings struck the >lt and prices
dropped with a thud from 93Hc to 91>4c. Not
niUMh account was taken of the statistics per
tali'.lng to the dally movement of wheat, but
iru' favorable weather for growing winter
wheat wns in the minds of people who sold
whoat short i-arly In the session. Chicago re
ceipts were 109 cars, and 72 of them were con
tract. Receipts here a year ago were
thirteen «ars. Minneapolis and Duluth
received 327 cars, against 207 a year
ago. The clearance of wheat and flour
from Atlantic ports were equal to 497,000 bush
els. Closing quotations from Liverpool showed
THE SAN FttAXCISOO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
spot No. 1 northern spring wheat 3d a cental up
for the day. the price being 9s 3d. or. 13% per
bushel. Relief came to the bulls from an un
expected quarter. ■ Antwerp was reported as
buying a cargo of California wheat oft the
English coast: at an equivalent or $1 33 a bush
el, and the Antwerp market advanced G\f;7 7
We in two days. English wheat brought $1 50
a bushel ■ in the > London market to-day, and
English country markets showed a further rise
of 4%c a bushel. These latter Items caused a
stampede among the shorts, and Junt before
the dose July sold at 95c. May milieu from
$1 18 to $1 21%. July opened .Vie lower at 9S *{•
63>-ic, sold at 93% c. declined to 91% c. advanced
to 95c, closing at.94%e, a net gain of l%e. •
Corn was heavy at the start on free selling
by elevator people. The advances in wheat
started some buying In corn, causing a rally
of 1%0. •■ . . • ■
Oats followed corn. Trade was only, mod
erate.
Provisions . started- weak on heavy hog re
ceipts. Trade was not broad, but the early
•losses were quite recovered.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Articles— . upen. nign. ixjw. v^iubc.
■ Wheat, "No. 2— . •
May .123 123 • 18 121%
ruly 93% . 95 91% 9* 7
September S2vi 83% 81%' 83%
December '.... 81% 82 80% 81%
Corn, No. 2—2 —
May ; 33% ,34 32%. 32%
July 34% 34% 33% 34%
September 35% 35% 34% 35%
Oats, No. 2— i
May 28% 29 15% 2S T »
ruly ..: • 25 ■ 25M. 24% 261;
September 23 23% 22% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 1116 1125 11 15 1122%
ruly 11 87% 11 52% 11 35 11 47%
Lard, per -100 lbs— •
May ■. 6 62% 6 67% 5 60 6 65
ruly 6 63- 6 75 6 65 6 72%
September 5 77% 6 82% . 6 76 • 6 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
Hay 6 42% 6 60 6 42%' 6 50
ruly 6 50 -5 57% 5 60 6 67%
September 6 62% 6 65 6 60 6 65
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, fair
demand; unchanged; No. 2 spring wheat,
11 OS; No. 3 spring wheat, $IQ>l 12; No. 2 red,
$1 20; No. 2 com, 3314(8340; No. 2 oats, 28*r;
No. a white, 31&31* c; No. 3 white. 30*@31%c;
No. 2 rye. 69* c; No. 2 barley, 40®46c; No. 1
flax seed, $1 2y%@l SO; prime timothy seed,
$2 !>0; mess pork, per barrel, $11 20®ll 36; lard
per 100 pounds, $5 65; short ribs sides (loose),
J.i KQ6 70; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4\fii-f;
short clear sides (boxed), $5 85(fr6 06; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon. $120
Articles— Receipts. Shlpmen-.s.
Flour, barrels 13,000 11. COO
Wheat, bushels 154.000 313.0X>
Corn, bushels 430.000 604. 0>X>
Oats, bushels 486,000 112.000
Rye. bushels 12.000 69.000
Barley, bushels 15,000 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries. 13@16»-ic;
Dairy, 12(ffl5c. Eggs, steady; fresh. 10c. Cheese,
dull; unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 155,490 42.120
Duluth 52.488 111.627
Milwaukee 14.300 650
Chicago 103,797 313,298
Toledo 67,339 5.500
St. Louis 19.000 I>ooo
Detroit 4.001 948
Kansas City >.. 31,500 • 16,500
Totals ...497,915 494,643
Tidewater-
Boston 25.836 35,247
Npw York 320.050 201,816
Philadelphia 9.818 8,7 M
Baltimore 30.254 24.949
New Orleans 145,000
Galveston 23,000
Totals 405.458 412,804
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April. May.
Opening 67 10 67 00
Closing 67 10 67 00
Flour —
Opening 32 65 3165
Closing 32 55 3150
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 8 9 8 7 1V 4
Closing 93H 8 11% 7 9 " l?i
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 27.— CATTLE— Were In good
demand. The bulk sold at $4 35@4 90; common
to fair, $3 90 (g 4 25; choice shippers, (5496 25;
stockers and feeders, $3 90@4 75; calves, $!Vg6;
prime cows, $3 5001 80.
HOGS— Sales ranged from $3 75(g'3 80 for com
mon to $4<?/4 10 for prime lots; bulk of the sales
$3 '."Tii 4 02; pigs. $3 80-gS 85.
SHEEP— There was a fair trade In sheep at
unchanged prices. Shorn lambs, $4@4 SO;
chiefly $3 6004 W; wooled, $5@5 20; shorn sheep,
$3 50@4 f.O: chiefly $4<ff4 40:
RECEIPTS— CattIe, 13,000; hogs, 29,000; sheep,
16,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April 27—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 6000; steady. Steers, $3 60-g3 75: Texas
r.,ws, $2 30^4 25; native steers, $3 05@-4 DO; na
tive cows and heifers, $1 70@3 50; stuckerß and
f'-eders. $3-u4 90; bulls. $2 75*8*3 95.
HTOOS— Receipts, IS.OOO. Best heavy strong to
5c hipher; bulk of sales, $3 70@3 90; heavies,
?3 Tr-5 4 ; packers. $3 6.V?iS 90; mixed, $3 60®
3 90: light, $S 60®3. SO; yorkers, $3 75^3 80.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000. Market strong:
lambs. $4 25@5 25; muttons, $3 75® 4 S5.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April 27. — Cattle — Receipts, 8000;
market stronger; native steers, $4@4 y0; West
ern steers, $3 7O ; ?f>4 60; cows and heifers, $3 20@
4 80; stockers and feeders, $3 8606 20.
HOGS— Receipts, 7800. Market 5c lower;
heavy, $3 76©8 B0; mixed, $3 7693 80; "bulk of
sales, $3 75<i(3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4400. M-arket steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 70154 60; fair to choice
Western. $3 50@$4 40; lamba, $4@5 30.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 27.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool market:
Transactions In the wool market were al
ready too greatly curtailed to be much further
affected by the outbreak of war. The sales of
the last week foot up something over half a
million pounds, which is about the average
since the war scare entered Its acute stage
several weeks ago. Conditions have not Im
proved since our last report. There have been
practically no manufacturers In the market.
The feeling on part of the holders of wool
Is phenomenally strong. Nothing but the con
dition of the money market seems likely to un
settle prices in the near future.
The mills are buying only such wool as they
actually need to piece out with.
The sales of the week amount to 297,000
pounds domestic and 216,000 pounds foreign,
making a total of f.33,000 pounds, against a
total of 1,151.000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 6,113,000 for the corresponding
week last year.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April 27.— Consols, 111 1-16@U1%;
silver, 26M,d; French rentes. 102f 17Hc'i?102t 27'ic
LIVERPOOL, April 27.— Wheat steady; No. ■ 1
standard California wheat. 465; cargoes Walla
Walla wheat. 42p; cargoes off coast, more In
quiry; cargoes on pomage, nominal, unchanged;
English country markets, strong, l-6d higher;
French country markets. strong; wheat in
Paris firm; flour In Paris, firm.
COTTON— rUplands, 3 19-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — Spot No. 2 red Western winter
Ftooks exhausted; No. red Northern spring,
strong, 98 3d.
CORN— July, 8s 3%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 27.— Wheat was firm,
with a wide range of prices. Exi>orters are
quoting 91c for Walla Walla and 94c for blue
«tern and valley. The mills are paying about
3c above these figures. The first new crop
charter was made to-day at 31s 3d for Septem
ber loading.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 27.— Wheat unchanged. No.
1 club, 95c; No. 1 blue stem. $1.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 27.— T0-day's Treasury
statement: Available cash balances, $218,276;
gold reserve, $180,761,724.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. April 27.— COTTON— Quiet;
middling, 7%c.
NEW YORK, April 27.— COTTON— Quiet •
middling, 6 1-lCc.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 27.— Exchanges, $360,
416; balances, $122,746.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 si
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 341^
Sterling Cables — 435
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Now York Exf-hanpre. telegraphic. — i;u
Fine Silver, per ounce — jgii
Mexican Dollars — <U i|
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There was less excitement and
more stability yesterday. In spite of still
higher foreign markets, this market sagged in
sympathy with an unsettled Chicago market
but improved as the day went on. Quotations
wrre re-established on a basis of $1 80@i s' 1 *,
for No. 1 shipping nnd Jl Ss@l 90 for choice
milling, with sor.e transactions reported. The
situation presented no new features.
'ALL BOAKD SALKS
Informal s'-ssin'i — S:18 o'clock— r>p^pmbrr—
: 2000 ctlß, $1 7S«: 30.000, $1 79; 20,000, $1 75%- r,ooo
, II 79^: 14.000. $1 TirVi; SOOO, $1 78%; . 4000, H 7SV
, 400.1. $1 73%. *'
i Second session— December— 2o,ooo ctls $l 79
! 2000, I $179*4; 10,000. $1 79H ; . 2000. i*l 78% : 10 000 '
$1 79Vi; 8000, 1179%. - May-6000, $1 SO; 2000,'
- Regular morning "' session— December— 000
ctls.i $180; 6000, $180%; 16,000, $180%; 10,000
Afternoon — December— ctls, $1 82H •
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, 1 82% :
2000, "$1 ' 82%: 12,000, $1 .82%;'; 26.000, $1 82%; 22,000,
$I t! 2T 4V 16.000, $1 S2< ft': 4000, 82%.
- B RLE Y— Futures were weaker, but the spot
market held up. There 1 w: - a fair amount of
trading on call, but not much going on in the
open market, though there was a sale of 10.000
ctls of Brewing at $150, whlcn gives a quota
tion for this description r • "
Feed. $1 35%@l 37%; Brewing, $1 40@l 60.
■ - CALL. BOARD SALES. 
Informal neralm J:JS o'clock — December—
4000 ctlß. $1 32%; 2000. $1 33: 2000, $1 32%: 16,000,
$1 32; 4000, $1 32%; 4000, $1 32> • 8000, $1 32%.
Second session— December— €ooo ctls, $133%;
6000, {1 33%; 24,000, $1 33%; 6000. $1 34; 12,000,
$1 34*4.
Regular morning session-May-?000 ctls,
E£ 4V4 « December— 2000, $134%; 2000, $1 34%;
2000, $1 34.
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, $134%:
2000 .U 34 : 2000, $134.; 6000. $133%. *
OATS— There were heavy arrivals from
Washington. The market rules dull, sales
being of a retail character.
Fancy Feed, $1 42yj.&l 4."i per ctl; good to
choice. $1 JTUflj 42%; common, $1 30@l 35: Sur-'
P^'.f.^Jl CO; gray, $1 32Urg-l 37^,; milling,
»1 351W1 42U> per ctl.
CORN— In- spite of the extremely heavy ar
rivals from the East the market shows no de
cline. The demand, however. Is. not very
sharp. ■
Small round yellow $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low. $110@115; white, SI 15.
lil Steady and unchanged at $1 37%@1 40
BUCKWHEAT-$1 75@2 per ctl.
FLOUR .AND MILLSTUFFS.
The market is firm at the advance.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $5 75(g5 85; Bakers
Extras, $5 50<£?5 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $2 76 pep 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal $2 50; extra cream
C rnmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal $4;- Oat Groats, $4 25;
1-om ny, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat Flour. $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
heat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
<B6 20: In sacks, $5'60@6: Pearl Barley $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Timothy Hay recently Imported from dif
ferent points Is not feeding as well as the local
product as far as experiments have gone. It
r.eems to lack the strength of California Hay.
The market was unchanged, but steady. For
new crop Whekt and Oat Hay $25 has been bid
In Sonoma County
\~ $2l '' fl2l 50 per ion.
MIDDLINGS— $23 50© 25 50 per ton..
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, J30@31 perton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31<@-31 50; Jobbing,
*3Z'a?.-2 .50; Cocoanut - Cake, J21@25: Cottonseed
Meal, $2S(p'3O per ton; Cornmeal. $24 60; Crack- ;
ed Com, $25..
HAY- (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $23® I
26 50; Wheat and Oat, $21©25; Oat. $20«?23; Bar
ley, none; compressed Wheat, $22©25; com
pressed Oat. $20022; Alfalfa, $15@17; Clover,
nominal; Timothy. $15®17.
STRAW-90e<3$l 'per bale.
BEANS. AND SEEDS.
The rise In Beans Is maintained, with a good
demand for the leading sorts. ."',■'"'"
• BEANS— Bayos, $2 90^3: Small Whites. $1 70
1 80; Large Whites. $1 70171 80; Pinks, $2 65®
2 75; Reds, $2 20<?2 30; Blackeye, $3 25@3 50; But
ters. $1 65@1 75; Llr '. $2 60@2 60; Pea., $1 65®
1 80; Red Kidneys, $2 50@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 2»(g3 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 16©3 25; Flax. {2 25; Canary
Seed. 2 : 4fi2%e per lb; Alfalfa. 3«6c; Rape, 2%@
2%c; Hemp, 2y 4 fo'3c; Timothy, s#sVic.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 90®
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES
Lower prices for Onions and Peas were the
only changes of note. Supplies of all kinds
were free.'
String Beans from Vacaville brought 10@12tyc
per lb. •
Los Angeles String: Beans brought 10@12%c
per Ib and Green Peppers 15@20c. and Tomatoes
$1 Wi'tl 75 per box. • . ■
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 40@50c; River Reds,
•40© 50 c; River Burbanks, 50f60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50<gS5c; Petaiuma Burbanks, 50
@65c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 25 for
Merced; new Potatoes, l'tilV per Ib.
ONlONS— Choice, *2 50<&2 63; Cut Onions, $1
@1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1087 boxes As
paragus 483 . boxes, Rhubarb and 782 sacks
Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for extra large, •$1 50@l 75
per box for No. 1, 60c'<i$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, 2£ 50c per box for small to good and 60@
75c for extra choice; Green Peas, 7Sc®fl 25 per
sack; Garden Peas, !%®3c per Ib; Dried Pep
pers, Gift 7c per Ib; Dried Okra 12% c; Cabbage,
65®75c per ctl; Carrots, 25(j>26c per sack: Cu
cumbers. 35c<5$l per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes,
$1 fitful To per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per Ib In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, V' ;lSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, COc; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c;. String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The two car* of Eautern are still dragging
at ll(g 12c for Turkeys, $5 for Ducks, $5 25'1t6 for
Hens, $8 for young Roosters and $4 50 for old
Roosters.
Local stocks show no change, but the mar
ket is overstocked and dull.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and !"iillc for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$l(al &; Goslings, $1 75<&2 25; Ducks, $3 50tf/4 50
for old and $5^6 50 for young-; Hens, $3 50@4;
Roosters, young', $7«S; Rousters, old
$3 50ft 4; Fryers. *6<o>6 50; Broilers, $4 5065 B0
for Iftrg.-, $2'ci3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50®
1 75 per dozen for young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Another decline in. Butter Is noted although
some dealers still report 20c for Creamery.
Eggs aro unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 19@19%c; sec
onds, 18V&C.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 18<i?19c; common
grades, 16g>17%<3 per Ib.
Eastern Uutter — Imitation creamery, 16
®l«%c; ladle-packed. ISOI6C per Ib; Eastern
Elgin tub, to arrive, 18% c.
CHEESK — Choice mild new, 10c; common
to good, 7%«9c; Cream Cheddar, 10'nUo;
Young America, 10©llc; Western, IKII2. •
Eastern, 12%@13%c per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12%®13%c per' dozen;
store Egtj«. 11%' ii 12c;Eastern, nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Strawberries continue to decline. There are
very few Cherries coming in. Gooseberries are
slow of sale.
Blackberries brought 15c per basket.
Oranges are easier, under large arrivals.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts wore 166- chests of Strawberries and
21 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries. $4@7 per chest for large and
$s@lO for small berries.
Small White and Red Cherries, 35<3>50c per
box; ch.ilce red, 76c®$l; black, $1 25.
Gooseberries, 4fifrT.',c per drawer.
Apples, 4u<cisoc per box for common, 750«j)5l
for good to choice and $1 2.W1 50 for fancy.'"
ClTßrs FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 SOfflS;
Seedlings, 75c®$l 25; Lemons, 50e(?i$l for com
mon and $1 25®] 25 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $3 50®4;; California Limes, in
small boxes. MK&GOc; Bananas, $1 25<g2 per
bunches; Pineapples, $3&4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4
@4%c for 50-60'b; 3%@4 for 50-60's. 3@3% for
60-70' s."2%@3c' for 70-80' 2@2%c for 80-90' 3, 1%
@2c for 90-100" Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 6U«?i
6c; peeled. iO@l2Vtc; Apricots. s®6Hc lor Roy
als and 7<3"Sc for good, to fancy Moorparks-
Evaporated Apples, ti'/..<g7c; sun-dried, 4®sc-
Black Figs, in sacks. 2fj2V4c; Plums, 4V4«MVc
for pitted and Kijl^ic for unfitted; bleached
Plums, 6@5VJc; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime
to fancy; Pears, 2',4@4V4 for quarters and 3©
SM:C for halves, according to color, etc. ,
RAlSlNS— l'.|itf2c .. for two-crown, 3c for
three-crown, 3V4c for four-crown, 4Uc for
Seedless Sultanas, 2-\c for Seedlesss Muscatels
and $!©1 10 lor London layers; dried Grapes.
2^ic.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb-
Walnuts, 3<B4c for hardshell and 4@6e for soft
shell; Almonds. :ify4 C for hardshell. 6@7c for
sottshell, S'/iii'Oc or paper-shell; Peanuts
4@sHc for Eastern and 4V4c for California; Pe
cans, 6\HMc; Filberts,': SHiglOc;- Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per lb; Cocounuts, $4 50® $5 per • 100
HONEY— '.tfa'lOc lor bright and 6@7c
for lower Rt-ades; water-white extracted. 5* 4 ®
6c; light amber, extracted, 4%fts&c per lb.
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There were no further changes yesterday.
■- CURED . MEATS— llucon, 9c per It) for
heavy, 914 c for light medium, 10^c for light,
lie for extra . light and 12c for sugar-cured;
k.astern sugar-, vi ed Hams. lOMOllc; Califor
nia Hams. !)H.<7floc; Mess Beef, *10 60 per bbl
extra Mess Heel', ?ll; Family Ueef, »12;. Salt
lork,_s9; extra prime Pork. *10; extra clear,
$U<6fl< 50; mess, *13:. Smoked Beeef, 12c per lb.
. I.ARD— Kastern tierces quoted at s'/4c per tt)
for t compound and 7c for pure; pails. 7%c;
California tierces, 6c per lb for compound
and 6',4c lor pure; half barrels, C%c; 10-rb tins,
i'.vc: !>-Jb tins, Be. ' .
■ COTTOLENE-Tlerces. 6%«r6%e: packages,
less than 300 lbs— pails, to In a case. .5",,;;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case,B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case, S!4c; 10-lb palls, r, in a case, SHe; 50-tt>
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c;. wooden buckets, 20
rbs net. 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, ~%c; half
bbls. about 110 lbs. 7'^c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about le under the quotations. Heavy- salted
ste:;-s,;lOc; medium. S>/ii?9c; light. SV-c; Cow
hides M,<,ff9c: Stags, Cc; salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; • dry Hides.. 15@16c ; culls and . brands, ' 12«
Jvoio °' ' « Ip and Veal - ' '6®l6<<,c; dry Calf.*
l?@l9c; t culls, ]6@l7c: Goatskins. »wj37^c each-
Kids. 5Q)10c: IJeerskins, . good summer. 26@S0c
per 1b; medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20© 25 c ■ each; ■ short wool, 40'ii'iioo
each;: medium, 60@80c; long wool, . SOc@jl 20
TALLOW— 1 rendered. 3@i3V,c : per lt>;
No. 2. 2®2U. C ; refined. ■■■ sc; ■ Grease, 2c. '
WOOL— Fall clip- San Joaijuln. defective, 7@
9c: Southern * Mountain, 9@Uc; ■ free Northern;
! 12@13c; Northern, defective, 9<fllc per It>.
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 10@14c per tt>.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6 l Ac; second quality,
5- ;>6e: third quality, 4(f?sc~ per It>.
VEAL— Large, Ko6e; small, 6H@7c per tt>.
MUTTON— Wethers. B®9c: Ewes, 8c per It>.
! LAMB— Spring, BH@9c per It).
TORK— Live Hogs. S^c'for large and 4c for
! medium; stock Hogs, 2ffi2' / 4c; dressed Hogs,
5Vs@6MtC.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bogs, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $'. 50; Wallsend. $7 f.O:
Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and
$11 00 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and. Pleasant Valley. $!>; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 In sacks.
LUMBER— Shipment of 1.002,793 feet Red
wood, valued at $is,r>72, to Ix>ndon.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered. 6%c; Dry I
Granulated, 5 7 ic; Confectioners' A, s;fcc; Mag
nolia A, r.Vjc; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 5V«c;
Candy Granulated, Gc; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels Vie more than barrels, and :
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, April 27.
Flour, qr sks 14,110 Ralslna, bis ... 316
Barley, ctls ..... 555 Paper, reams ... 372
Cheese, ctls 197 Wine, gals 64,200 !
Butter,' ctls 44f> Hops, bales 6 ,
Tallow, ctls 242 Wool, bales 1,106
Potato**, sks ... 723 Pelts, bdls 69
Onions, Hks 305 Hides, no 64
Bran, sks 226 Esgs. doi 16,780
Hay, tons 260 Quicksilver, flsk. 100
Straw, tons 10 Leather, rolls ... 56
Powder, cs 121 Lumber, ft 10,000
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 1,060 Oats, ctls J6O
Barley, ctls 12.780
WASHINGTON.
Oats, ctls 10,180!
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4,400!
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change worthy of note In min
ing stocks.
The Andes delinquent sale takes place to
day.
I On the Bond Exchange the usual good busl-
I ness was done at steady prices.
I Hawaiian Commercial advanced $25 on the
i morning session, but fell bark to $23. Oceanic
sold up to $47 50 on the afternoon call, against
$40 the preceding da".
The annual meetings of the Goleta, Monte
clto and Sterling mining companies of Jordan
district, Mono County, have been called for
May is.
The annual meeting of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company has been called for May
There Is less water in the Carson River at
this time of the year than there has been
since 18S9.
The Yukon Transportation and Commercial
I Company of California has levied an assess
ment of 50 cents per share, delinquent May 30.
i On the 500 foot level of the Alpha Consoli
[ dated mine during the past week they started
I a raise in the north drift from the south raise,
i and 38 feet above thiß level, and extended it 4
I feet; top In quartz assaying from $4 to $8 per
ton.
The yield of the Overman mine for the past
week amounted to 7 mining car loads of ore,
of the average car sample assay of $27 29 per
ton. This ore was extracted from the north
drift workings, on the 900 foot level.
In the Savage, on the 130 foot level, the
main west drift has been cleaned out and re
paired a distance of 12 feet; total length, 505
feet. At a point In this drift 100 feet from the
abaft they are cutting out heavy clay and
putting in new timbers. Brunswick lode— The I
main north drift, 600 level, was advanced 10
feet; total length, 454 feet. This drift is fol
lowing the footwall, on which is a streak of '■
quart! from 5 to 8 Inches wide, assaying from '
$2 to $3 60 per ton. Incline shaft No. 1 has
been sunk a distance of 3 feet; total depth, 1194
feet; bottom In porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, April 27—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U 8 Bonds— MEL Co — 13%
4s quar c0up.. 107 108 Oakland Gas.. 45 —
4s quar reg. . .105%106% Pac Gas Imp.. — 82
4s quar coup... 107 107% Pac L Co 51 53
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. 82% S3
Cal-st Cab ss. 113 — San Fran 3 3%
Cal El 6s 125 — Stock ias 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 103% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — &S% Firem's Fund. l9o —
E L & P 65.. 127% — Bank Stocks—
F&Ch R- 6s. — 116% Anglo-Cal .... — 64
Geary-st H ss. — 100 BanK or Ca1. .235 239
H C & S uij.. .100 105 Cal S D & T. — 96
LA LCo 6s. — 100 First vat 135 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Market-st 65.. — 126% Mer Exchange 10 15
Do JLst M 55. .111% — Nev Xat 8...161 155
Nat Vln 6s Ist — 97% I Savings Banks—
NCNg Rv 78.102 - Ger S & L.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 65. .106 112%lHum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal os.. 98%100 i Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 65. 103 — S F Say U.. — 500
NPC Ry 55.. — 101 S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal rty 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas ns... 100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d is 55.. — 10S Street Railroad—
Olri Ry 63 — 124% California 108 110
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P&Ch Rv 6f= — 110 Market-Bt .... 49% 51
Powell-st «s...lie — Presidio 6 —
Reno WL&L..IOO — powder—
SacElec Ky 55.104%105~i California 130 —
SF& N P 09.104 — E- Dynamite... — 90
SlorraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. 43 44%
SPof Ar 65.. 9S — Vlgorlt 3 3%
S P Cal 65.. — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is CfT 55.. — 96% AI Pac Assn.. 92 95
S P Br 6s lO6VUOB Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... — 116 Hana P C 0... — 15
S V Wat 45... 100 — H C & S Co.. 23 23%
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 45% 46
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 48- 55 Nat Vln C 0... — VA
M,ar!n Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 46% 47%
Spring Valley. 98% 99 Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas & Klectric— Pac Bot C 0.. .100 101
Cent Gaslight. 100 — Par Paint Co. 6% —
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 93 00
3. r > Pacific Gas Imp 82 00
100 California-street Railway 108 00
$1000 S P of A Bonds 97 50
$4000 do do 98 00
$2000 Market-street Con Bonds 5s 110 73
$1000 do do 11l 00
$1000 do do 11l 25
10 Oakland Gas 44 25
10 do do 43 2,1
165 Hutchlnsnn S P Co 45 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
100 do do 24 50
565 do do 24 00
50 do do s 30 24 00
100 S F Gas ft Electric Co 82 73
Street—
$1000 S P of A Bonds 97 25
Afternoon Session.
l£o Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 50
50 do do b 3 23 50
100 do do , 23 00
11.1 Spring Valley Water 99 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 45 50
SO do do 45 75
SO S F Gas & Electric Co S2 75
10 Oakland Gas 45 25
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 43 60
50 do do 42 GO
25 do do 44 00
10 do do 44 50
10 do do 44 25
5 do do 45 00
10 do do 47 50
5 do do 47 00
Street—
75 Spring Valley Water 99 00
10 Paclfto Gas Imp 82 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Hawaiian C & S Co 25 00
10 do do s 30 25 50
20 Hutchinson S P Co, s 10 46 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Hawaiian C & S Co 2500 I
10 do do s 30 23 50
SO S F Gas & Electric Co 83 50
100 Hutchinson S P Co 45 50
50 Giant Powder 43 12%
75 Mutual Electric 12 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning
200 Alta 13|500 Potosi 24
300 Belcher 10 200 Savage 13
Sim Con Cal & Va.. 6'J 400 Union Con 15
250 Gould & Curry.. 1»; 250 Yellow Jacket... 08
100 Ophir 39 i
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta IS 200 49
200 Belcher OR 200 Ophir 38
250 Best & Belcher. 27 Tn'O Potosi 23
100 Chollar is Hrfi Savage 13
100 Con Cal & Va.. Ei 250 Sierra Nevada 71
700 5;- )00 70
200 Crown Point ... 10 50 Union Con 16
300 Hole & Norcrs. 5( mo Yellow Jacket... 08
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Alta 19 400 Hale & Norcrs. 60
[.00 Andes 09 250 Mexican ..
200 Belcher 11 700 Ophir ,'. 41
1100 Best & Belcher 27 300 41
fiOO 29 300 4 5
1200 Con Cal & Va. 62 200 Potosi 24
200 61300 " 25
200 63 300 Sierra Nevada.. 70
300 Confidence 43 300 71
100 42 300 Union Con i«
100 41 1300 Utah 07
MM) Gould & Curry.. 19 200 Yellow Jacket! " OH
600 21
Afternoon Seßslon.
200 Alta IS 600 n
200 19 MO Ophir !" 38
500 Andes 09 lf.o 3
GOO Belcher 11 500 Overman " 04
200 10 f.OO " 03
200 Best & Belcher. 27 200 Potosi
200 Challenge 11 300 Savage ..
100 Chollar IS GOO '" ,4
200 Con Cal & Va.. 60 200 Sierra Nevada" 71
250 6fl 400 69
200 6S 200 Union Con '. 18
800 Gould &. Curry.. 20 500 Utah 07
fW 1» 700 Yellow Jacket... 09
700 Mexican 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . • Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Julia — 01
Alta 19 20 Justice — 11
Andes 06 Oit Kentuck 01 02
Benton Con ... — 2f> Lady Wash ... — US
Belcher 08 03 Mexican 11 12
Best &'Belchr. 26 2S Occidental 110 —
Bullion ..: 01 0: Ophir 36 37
Caledonia 15 V Overman 03 04
Chollar 16 IS Potosl 22 23
Challenge Con. 12 13 Savage 13 14
Con Cal & Va. 67 5S Seg Belcher ..01 02
Confidence — 42 Scorpion — 00
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 67 70
Crown Point ..09 10 Silver Hill .... — 01
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con .. — 20' Standard —161
Exchequer 01 02 Tnion Con 14 15
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 07 0»
Hale & Norcrs. 4S B] Yellow Jacket. 08 09
. o .
THE CALL CALENDAR.
11
I
u
21
23
Til.
i
15
2
Sa. Moon's Phases.
2 jOi Full Moon.
W April 8.
.p-Last Quarter
I 16 I '& April 13.
~" j j?\ KewMoon,
— W April 20.
*) -Bk First Quarter,
J» April 2*.
i 13
17
20 ! 27
I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrosraphlc
Office, located the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the Tnlted States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time hall was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, ia
published the same day by the afternoon
papers and by the morning papers the follow
day, J. T. MCMILLAN,
Assistant in charge.
SUN, SOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The -igh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
APUIL-lStfS.
Thursday, April 28.
Sun lines 5:1(1
Sun sets ...H:M
Moon sets. : 0.46 a. m.
l™SS|Feet S2£|pßetls3SJSiFiit|2*s22!Fees
IH Wi L Wl H Wi \L Wl
4
L
3-i.
11:4.i
H W
6:19
7:3ti
8:«
9:3.'r
1.0 7:1.)
L W
3.& 12:42
3.8 1:27
4.1 2:08
4.S 2:41)
11:17' 3.2
H W
7:44 4.8
8:11 t i
B:ay b.l
9:08 6.4
so
1
1
1:41
2:2ti
3:04
3:4*1
2.8
2.4
I.S
1.2
i
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrences as to time. The
second time column (fives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower. low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
V- rmri.il
Coiumoia. .......
Arcata....
Homer...;...'...
Gaelic.
Empire.... ......
Cleveland ......
Orizaba .
Titanla
Acapulco
Samoa ....
Norm Porte
Santa Rosa
State ot Oal
Valencia :..
Crescent City...
Umatllla
Mackinaw
Coos Bay '.
We.ott I
Oregon
Mariposa ...
Pomona .......
I Humboldt.'.
Portland
Coos Bay
Humboldt. „.
China ana Japan
Coos Bay.,
Seattle
Humoolat '.
Nanaimo
Panama
Humboldt .'
UumDoidt
fan Dlesro.. „
Portland.:..'.... :...
Alaska
Crescent Citv — •. ..
Victoria * Pue-et Sna
Tacoma,
Newport .....r. — .V
Humboldt
Portland
Sydney
San Dieiro
Apr 28
Apr 2-t
Apr 3.i
ADr2y
Apr 29
Apr
Apr 29
Apr SO
Apr 30
Apr 30
Apr 30
May 1
I May 1
May 1
May 2
May 2
May 2
May 1
M r»y 3
May 4
>'.. 4
May 4
May 5
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stteamer. !
Debtinatiov
Sa ii. h.
nuinuuiuu.
Newport. . .
Weeott......
Pomoni . .
Columbia..
City of Bio
ABlanchrd
Arcata. . .'. .
Homor 1
Walla Wlla
Venus......
Orizaba.. ..
Slate of Cal
S.int.i Rosa
Senator
Cleveland..
Zeaiandla..
NortnFork
Coo» Bay..
Valencia...
Oregon
I Alaska ......
Panama
I Hum bo id r, ...
San Dicsro...
I Portland
Cnlna* Japan
Taqulna Bay.
Coos 8ay.....
Humboldt ...
Vie & Psrt Snrl
Cmna & Japan
HtimDol'li .... |
P0rt1and. ...... I
san Dioiro ....
Pupet Sound . j
Pugret Sound..'
Honolulu I
Humboldt ...
Newport
A1a5ka. ......
Portland..' ..
Apr 28. ......
Apr 28. 18 M
Apr 29. »AM
Apr 2', 11 Asi
Apr 30. 10 AM
Apr 31. 1 I'M
Apr £0. '.' a.m
Apr SO. 10 am
May 1. aam
May 1. 10 am
May i 1, 1 pm
iM'.y 2. 10 am
'May 3. It) am
Miy 3. 11 am
May 8, 11 am
May 3. spm
May 4, 2 pm
May 4. 12 m
Mas 5. 9am
May 5. 12 M
May ti. 10 am
Pier 3
P3W SS
Pier I i
Pier 11
t>ler 12 .
PM SS
Pier 13
Pier li
Pier 11
Pier y
PM SS
Pier ;i
Pier 1!
Pier 11
Pior 9
Piosr %
Pier 7
Pier l
Pier 5
Pier 12
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographtc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, April
27, IR9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly S p. m., Greenwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN.
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
~~~~"~~'™"~~ ARRIVED." "~ ~~
Wednesday, April 27.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Warner, 4&. days frm
Anacortes, etc.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, 64% • hours from San
Diego, etc. ■ ■ .
Stmr Walla Walla. j Wallace, 61 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, SO hours from Port
land via Astoria 67 hours.
Stmr Chllkat, Dunham, 28 hours from Eu
reka. .
Austrian stmr Burma, . Mlkulielch, 3 days 20
hours from Nanaimo. - .
Ship Eclipse, Peterson, 10 days from Depar
ture Bay via Cape Flattery 9 days.
Bktn Monitor, Turloff, 10 days ' from Grays
Harbor.
Brig John D Spreckels, Christiansen, 17 days
from Mahukona.
Brig Lurline, McLeod, 18 days from Kahulul.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Llla and Mattie, Linbridge, 7 days rm
Coquille River. "
Schr S Danielson, Nelson, 24 hours frm Men
docino.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, April 27
Stmr President, Nelson, Bristol Bay- Alaska.
Packers' Assn. «*>n.»
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, Hllo- J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. ' ■ -■"
Bktn J M Griffith, Dermot, Nicolaefski- Ma
condray & Co. . - . «i» •
Schr Premier, Wagner, Bristol Bay: Alaska
Schr Olga, Ipsen, Kahului; Alexander " &
Baldwin.
SAILED.
■ „ ♦ Wednesday, Aprtl 27
Stmr Oregon. Stephens, Astoria.
Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro
Ship Sterling, Anderson, Bristol Bay
Schr Repeat Olsen. Grays Harbor. .
Schr Ralph J Long. Gruggel. Slusla.w River.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS-April 27. 10 p. m.-Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Jessie Minor loads lumber at Eureka for
Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Mar S-17 S 26 W. Br ship Alclnous, from
Ardrossan for San Francisco
Apr S-10 S 26 W. Br ship Clan Macfarlane,
from Liverpool for San Francisco.
r* Ap , T ,J~ 13 S - 26 W Hr shl P Banffshlre, from
Cardiff for Esquimau.
Apr 9—5 miles off Paranahyba, schr Actaea,
from New York, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON, Apr 27— The ship Shenandoah. hce
Jan 5 for Liverpool, spoken' oft the coast last
evening. All well.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived April 26— Schr John F
Miller, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed April 26-Stmr Jewel, for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE- Arrived Apr 17-Sehr- Jennie
v\ and. hence Apr 12.
Sailed Apr 27— Br stmr Devonshire, for Yoko
hama.
COOS BAY-Salled Apr 27-Stmr Arcata, fo*
San Francisco. *
SAN DlEGO—Sai'ed Apr 27— Schr Lena
Sweasey.
WESTPORT-Sailed Apr 27-Stmr Alcazar,
for Cleone.
SEATTLE— Sailed Apr 27— Stmr Navarro, for
Dyea.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Apr 27— Stmr Green
wood, for Fort Braffg.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April 2&-Schr
John A Campbell, from Newport: schr Fanny
Dutard, from Ventura.
EtltEKA— Arrived Apr 27— Stmr Orizaba, he
Apr 20.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Apr 27— Ger bark Nomia,
for Quefnstuwu.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 27— Schr C S
Holmes, for Port Hlakfley.
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 27— Stmr Mackinaw,
hence Apr 24 for Tacoma. ,
TATOOSH— Passed Apr 27— Stmr Cleveland,
from Seattle for San Francisco: schr Excelsior,
from Port Blakeley for Sitn Francisco.
BOWENS LA. DING— Sa <ed Apr 27— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
BEATTLB— Arrived Apr 27-Schr Sailor Boy,
from Port Townsenil: stmr Czarina, frm Dyea.
Sai!f><l Apr '27— H§hr Mawecraa, for San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Apr 27— Stmr Laguna.
Sailed April 27— Bktn Uncle John.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Apr 27— Schr Noko
mis. from Port Camble.
RAl.L, ART)— Arrived Apr 26— Schr Challenger,
from Newport.
FOREION PORTS.
ESQUIMALT— Arrived Apr 22— Br ship City
of Delhi, from London.
COLON— Arrived Apr 12— Br str.ir Governor
from Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 26— Br ship
Wasdale, from Portland; Br ship Beacon
from Portland; Br ship Carradale, from
land; Br bark Selkirkshire, fmr.i Portland- Rr
ship Dunbritton, from Oregon; Br ship Domin
ion, hence Dec 13.
SANTA ROSALIA-Arrived Apr 3-Br shin
Artlnamurchan, fr^m Barry.
PISAGUA— SaiIed Apr 9— Br bark Auldgerth
for San Francisco
VANCOUVER— Arrived Apr 27-Br strar Em
press of China, from Hongkong, etc
LONDON— Sailed Apr 27-Hr ship Illawara.
for San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
||||^ F ° * SEATTLE
,|sBg£ AIS ° TACOMA
DIRECT.
The New, Elegant, Fast Steel Steamship
"SENATOR,"
; Carrying Freight and Passengers Will Leava
I Broadway wharf, San Francisco, Tuesday
May 3, 11 a. m. Ticket office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents, 10 Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ,>
fcj^ Steamers leave Broadway
V^ibfc— t wharf, San Francisco: T
: wmlah For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
IHrr~Ttjfc April 1, 6, 11, 16. 21. 26, May 1.
KlGvEa transfer at Seattle.
K*i&s«ljEl! For Alaskan ports (from
KSsSid%<ffM,% Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
1 r^^isfPßH April 27. May 18, June 5, 26.
July 17. transfer at Portland,
Or.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April L 6,
II 16 21 26 May 1, and every fifth day there-
after,' connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry-. at Vancouver with
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8, 14. 20. 26. May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter. ;
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
! Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
! Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
: ' San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
1 Newport 9 a. m., April 3. 7. 11, 15, 19. 23, 27.
May 1. and • every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
■ ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. April 1, 5. 9, 13. 17, 21, 25, 29, May 3. and
every fourth day thereafter.
! For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San* Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
I lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., May 12,
' and 2d of each month thereafter.
i The company reserves the right to change
\ without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
! and hours of sailing.
1 TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CAPE f l2 First Class Including Berth
IHnt $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
! Oregon.. .April 18, r7
Columbia April VI, SO .
State of California April 24. May 3 A
• Through 'l.ckets and Through Baggage to all ™
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
' -•- "■'" 630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. ; . 1" '
. Superintendents. .•".■'
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP. AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK, PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH-
AMPTON. ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS. . . .•
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, 3400 tons, Conemaugh, 2100 tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio. June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fl?-t of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and Interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply t<»
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
fMinraij&flfll S. S. ZEALANDIA.
J«HRSBE for HONOLULU only,
•t*»»"W Wednesday, May 4. 1
B ~^^—^ p. j m. Special party
SfMniMlin<D The S. S. MARIPOSA
GNKllllJllll/ sa n ? via Honolulu and
/nlllRfll?il- Auckland- for Sydney
\UI!I{JVIIUq Wednesday. May IS, at
2 p. m. .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
. . ■ • 114 Montgomery street.
. Freight Office— Market St., San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre. "
Company's Pier (new) 42 North --#£»•
River, foot of Morton St. Travelers <IlE|2i
by i this line avoid both transit by — ■ ■— --*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160.
second class, .• $116. •■»«■«„ 7 10 0 m
LA BOURGOGNE iuSfli 10 a m"
LA TOURAINE May 21* 10 a nt
t a r< 1 sprifJNß May /1, w a. m.
hi §OUW3OGKrI : *»* «• 10 a. m.
|ffiSSK^R%SA T^
TIQUE. Agent.^^^^ Green> , ew Tork
• J F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
ave'., Snn Francisco. _^__
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
R lllsmarck ..April 281 A Victoria June 18
A VicTorU -May 19 1 F. Bismarck ..June 30
v Bismarck.. .June 21 F. Bismarck ..July 23-
Ist CabiTslooup. M Cabin $43 up, Steera e $30.
TWIN SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Phoenicia May 1 Pretoria May 23
Pennsylvania ..May 14 Patria ....June 4
alatia May 21! Phoenicia June 11
Ist Cabin' $75 up, 3d Cabin $40. Steerage $26.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO .
Steamer "Monticello" .
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and S:3O p. m.
■Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
Telejhone. Red 2241. ■■
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRUZ
Steamer Alviso leaves tier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. rri.; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare ■ between San Francisco and ' Alviso, 50c ;
to San Jose, 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 NortH
First street. San Jose. -
V^*SsS^3>sCf*M *3 ''"'" ' l " '• '* uon-poi*onon»
'. jMß^^%>la remedy for - Gonorrhoea,
j^^F f vViir.tt^&3i Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
£ssPjr in 1 to 5 dajß.^3 Whites, unnatural dla-
/BMf Qu»ranK-c'il |g charges, or uur inflamma- ._j
fi""» not to urieiure. tion, irritation or ulcera- T»
g" <i'r«Tcau eop'^glop. t tion of silicons mem-
V^yaTHEEvANSGHEMtrn On. l»ran«3. 1 Non-astringent.
♦«^vCINCINN»TI.O PyHl Sold by Drae^UU.
ictjjfcV USA 7?^l H B ' nt in plain wrapper,
JStrfffitJi ' JSP*.] by cxprem, prepaid, to*
"'t&^Bfrßß&Z&'m 1 1 - 00 - or 3 bottle*. $2.75.
-» "*««saa>^t ■ ircuiar Mat on rti^Qeft.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NOW CALL IT
A HUGE JOKE
Dr. Woolsey Never Had
Any Idea of Law-
suits.
And Dr. Dunn Was Also
Working Off a Little
Pleasantry.
Th» Seriousness With Which They
Ran Up Attorneys' Fees Was
Well Feigned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, April 27.
Drs. Woolsey and Dunn have buried the
hatchet. For over three weeks each has
been digging a hole large enough to con
tain his enemyj But now the holes are
filled in and the little hatchet that threat
ened such dire things is far enough below
the ground to be out of sight.
When these two friends, who have been !
partners and companions for years,
rushed Into lawyers' offices and threat
ened all kinds of suits because of a
difference in their calculations regarding
the lease of the property where they do
business it was freely predicted that they
would never come to blows. Everybody
told them that they were pointing blank
cartrid/es at each other. Dr. Woolsey
swore nis gun was loaded and would go
off, and Health Officer Dunn made tne
6ame statement.
Now all the attorneys in the case— and
they are many— have had a conference, I
in fact, have had several conferences, and
to-day all prospects of suits have van
ished, and this evening it was reported
that the two doctors ate dinner together
at the expense of Dr. Woolsey.
The most peculiar part of the incident
is the statement now made by the doctors
that it was all a joke. If such be true,
it is certainly the most impractical Joke
that was ever played in Oakland. Of
course, when Dr. Woolsey consulted sev
eral attorneys and Dr. Dunn did the same
everybody knew they were joking:. No
doubt the joke has cost them a pretty
penny, but no one can doubt their word,
and although they did not speak as they
passed by for perhaps nearly a month—
that is to say, they did not speak in i
dulcet tones— still it was all a joke, for i
the doctors themselves say so, and no
as a right to challenge their integ
rity.
At the same time, there are scores of at
torneys in Oakland who would like noth
ing better than to see all the professional
men of the town go to joking in a similar
manner. ____________ !
JUSTICE ADMINISTERED.
But Judge Ellsworth Shows Mercy to
A. J. Luckhardt, an Invalid.
OAKLAND. April 27.— A. J. Luckhardt.
the consumptive prisoner wno confessed
to stealing cameras from the store of
Travers & Leet, was sentenced to ten
days in Pan Quentin this mornit" r and
sent across the bay to-night. He will be
allowed two days' credits for good be
havior, which will cause his release on
Thursday of next week.
The case was called in Judge Ells
worth's court on request of the defend
ant's attorney and the date for sentence
vacated. Drs. A. M. Lrison and C. J.
Sharp testified that the prisoner had con
sumtinn verging- closely on the last stage.
This morning he fell in a faint.
"This is the mnst painful duty, I
think. " said Judge Ellsworth after a few
moments' meditation. "I have ever had
to der.l with. It again illustrates what
often happens, in punishing the guilty a
man's family is. punished more than he
is. Your excuse offered for the crime is
that you suffered from hunger: not only
yourself, but your famiiiy. your little
ones, were suff-Tinfr. Whether that is
true, whether that is the real reason for
committing the crime, it cannot certainly
be known, but I shall give you the benefit
of the doubt.
"Because you were too proud to apply
HISSED THE SPANIARD OFF.
Senor Sarbreno, the Pianist for Ysaue, 1o Whom a
Providence Audience Refused to Listen,
gome idea can be had of how Intense the war feeling has become in the
Eastern cities by the manner in which Senor Sarbreno, the pianist for Ysaye,
who is to open at the Baldwin on May 9, in a tragic pantomime with Piiar
Morin. was treated by an audience at Providence, R. 1., on Monday night.
Charles L. Young, who is out here ahead of the company, received the fol
lowing telegram yesterday, which is so clear that It practically explains the
whole affair.
"PROVIDENCE. April 23. 1886.
"Charles I>. Young. San Franciso: Enthusiastic audience Providence
last night hissed Spanish pianist Sarbreno severely and called for another.
I.achaume, being in. the city, was secured. Ysaye appeared with an Ameri
can flag and the audience went wild. lIIRSCH."
So strong has the feeling became against everything Spanish that the
management has been forced to cancel Sarbreno's engagement and substi
tute Lachaumo in his place. Sarbreno is probably one of the finest pianists
at present in America, but he is so well known that it is useless to try to
hide his nationality, and consequently the people having charge of the pan
tomime have been obliged to let him go, as they say that under the present
conditions it would ruin their production to keep him with them.
The piece will lose nothing by the change, however, as Lachaume is
fully the equal of the Spaniard on ».he piano, and is moreover, one of the
most popular men, personally, in the business.
for aid it Is not right that you should
Ftoal. There is :io excuse left for me but
to pronounce judgment. I feel that send
ing you to the State prison is enough dis
grace- to you and your family, so I shall
make the term very short. I- may err in
doing so, but It "will be on th£ side of
mercy. The judgment of the court is that
you be confined in the State prison at San
Quentin for ten days."
The prisoner thanked the Judge for his
leniency, while his wife drew a sigh of
relief as the judgment was finished.
MUST GO TO TRIAL.
Technical Objections Swept Away by
the Court in the Thomas Case.
OAKLAND, April 27.— Judge Ellsworth
refused the attorneys for Harry Thomas,
the secretary of the Board of Public
Works, a week's time to rile a demurrer
j to-day and ordered them to have It In by
| Friday at 10 a. m.. or it would be passed.
! The attorneys first challenged the panel
i of the Grand Jury under section 895 of
the Code and moved to set aside the in
dictment under sectio.n ft*s.
The challenge charges "that the requi
site number of ballots was not drawn
from the jury box of the county; that no
tice of the drawing of the Grand Jury
was not given; that the drawing was not
had In the presence of the officers desig
nated by law." '
The motion to set aside the Indictment
was made "on the ground that the same
was not found, indorsed or presented as
proscribed by the Penal Code, and ob
jects to the "legality thereof because the
1 body which found the saint 1 was not le
gally drawn, ordered or arranged accord
ing to law, for the reason that the said
body was not drawn or ordered or im
, paneled by the Superior Court of Ala
mpda County." , 
The court refused to comply with the
; request and continued the case.
THE LITTLE ONE
WAS A BRIDE
A Schoolgirl's Friends Given
a Surprise, Which Is
Returned.
Mr. and Mrs. ■ Frates Are Serenaded
by Boys Who Are Girls in
Disguise.
-
■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, :
908 Broadway, April 27.
About a dozen boys, who were not boys
at all, but boys' sisters in their brothers' !
clothes, made a sensation In Haywards
last night by serenading Mr. and Mrs.
Frates. . .
Mrs. Frates, whom everybody thought
till yesterday was Miss Louise Silva, is a
schoolgirl in the fifth grade, generally
supposed to be about 12 years of age. Yes
terday afternoon her mother astonished
the neighbors by announcing that last
Thanksgiving day her little daughter had
been married to Manuel Frates, who is
of the mature age of 3S. No sooner had
the news been made public than the
young folks decided to emphasize the
occasion. About a dozen girls dressed in
boys' clothes and carrying with them tin
cans and similar instruments went at
midnight to the home of the bride and
groom and favored them with a long and
noisy serenade. When the serenaders
saw that their presence was not agree
able to Mr. Prates and that serious con
sequences might follow they returned to
their homes.
This morning Mr. Frates is 1 in arms. He
feels he has been badly treated and he is
searching the town tor some of the
"boys"' who visited his house at mid
night. No one has yet taken him into the !
secret.
All the bride's friends are wondering
how they could be so deceived as to her
age, as it is well known that the neces
sary consent of her mother could not be
given unless Marie was 14. '-.■ • •:<
r ♦ ■
Work on the New 3-ailroad Bridge.
ALAMEDA, April' 27. —Work Is progress
ing rapidly on the'Alameda approach to
the new railroad bridge across the estu
ary half-way between the two present
structures. A well-constructed roadbed is
being built from the old line, while the big
: i.l caisson of steel is approaching
completion. A platform is being built,
from which it will be sunk to the bottom
of the bay. and a pile-driver is at work
on the Alameda shore driving piles for the
bulkhead.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
LOST ON HIS
HOMEWARD TOOK
Jacob Goodsell Traced
From Mexico to Los
Angeles.
The Pretty Actress Asks the
Police to Search for Her
Father.
For. Two Months and a Half the
Search for Him Has Been Void
of Result.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 27.
Virginia Goodsell, the well-known ac
tress, appealed to the police to-day to
assist her in finding her aged father, who
has been missing since February 12.
The missing man went to Mexico some
months ago and was returning home
when he dropped out of sight. He has
been engaged in mining ventures and has
spent altogether several years in Mexico.
It is known that he was as far as Los
Angeles on his journey home, as a train
conductor has been discovered who
Checked him out of that city.
About three months ago Jacob Goodsell
wrote home that he had sustained a
stroke of paralysis and it had left
permanent results. Since leaving Los An
geles on February 12 not a trace of him
can be found.
Manager J. A. Fillmore of the railroad
company has caused very thorough
searches to be made, but without result,
and now the police authorities have been
asked to take up the search.
Mr. Goodsell is 63 years of age, has gray
hair and mustache, no beard, rather a
prominent nose and forehead, and speaks
with a slight German accent. He Is of
medium height and build and walks with
a slight stoop. His family has resided
for several years at 526 Telegraph ave
nue, and Miss Virginia, whx> has just re
turned from a professional tour, has de
cided to remain home until her father is
found or until she is satisfied of what be
came of him after leaving Los Angeles.
LOST COIN FOR
THE CITY'S GOOD
Seven Thousand Dollars Annu
ally Saved the Tax
payers.
The Garbage Crematory Now a
Monument to Good In
tentions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 27.
After losing $10,000 in trying to establish
a garbage crematory in this city the pro
moters now find themselves incapable of
operating under the franchise granting
them exclusive rights, and practically
they have no redress.
The derision of Judge Allen has de
stroyed the legality of the ordinance
granting the franchise, and the situation
I is interesting, showing, as it does, that
i the. competition between the scavengers
j and the franchise company had saved and
; is saving $600 per month to the city. Since
i last August the crematory has been shut
, down, although it has not thereby for
' feited its franchise under the terms of
the ordinance. The ordinance gives the
i company the exclusive right to gather
j garbage within the city of Oakland and
I in another section it authorizes house
holders or their proper agents to remove
the garbage from their own premises.
After the scavengers were arrested they
at once secured contracts from their cus
tomers and under this clause the court
held that the scavengers were justified In
collecting garbage.
When the practice of dumping of
garbage within the city limits was
stopped by the Board of Health about
two years ago, it was made compul
sory that all the garbage be either de
stroyed or carried five miles beyond the
city limits. For a long time the city of
Oakland provided railroad transportation
at a cost of $600 per month to carry the
garbage which was delivered to them by
the scavengers into Contra Costa Coun- '
ty, where it was dumped. When the ere-,
matory people came along this expense"
to the city was stopped, and the individ
ual scavengers who refused to patronize
the crematory chartered cars on their
own account and did and are still doing
that which cost the city such a large
sum.
The situation now is rather complicated,
though economical, so far as the city is
concerned. The crematory is idle, its
property and franchise attached by the
creditors, the scavengers are collecting
garbage as in the past and are conveying
it seven miles outside the city limits, "and
the ordinance granting the franchise is
practically void.
The inventor of the crematory, Louis
Shaffer, and the leading promoter. Re
corder Spear, entered into the project in
good faith, and have rendered the city a
material benefit, but at the same time
have been heavy personal losers. It would
seem now that unless a new ordinance is
passed their investment cannot be made
profitable, and it is a doubtful question if
the old ordinance can be amended so as
to protect the exclusiveness of the priv
ilege without trespassing on the validity
of the privilege itself.
TREAT FOR ART LOVERS.
Successful Reception by the Seniors
of the University Art Depart
ment.
BERKELEY, April 27.— Art lovers by
hundreds this afternoon visited the art
department of the university in its new
quarters in East Hall. The occasion was
an informal reception and exhibit given
by the art students of the senior class to
their friends. A number of regents and
professors were present, and many people
from San Francisco as well as from Berke
ley attended.
The reception lasted from 3 to 6 p. m.,
and specimens of the students' work,
from the most elementary sketches to the
most elaborate and finished works, were
on exhibition. Among those who assisted
Professor H. T. Ardley and Instructor G.
T YVinterburn in receiving- the guests
were: Lawrence N. Scamnion, Miss M. I.
Muller, Miss Mac Smith, Miss V. D. Hoyt,
Miss E. Mchlmann, Miss E. M. Corliss
and Miss S. E. Shoemaker.
Will Sing in Alameda.
BERKELEY, April 27.— The University
of California Glee, Mandolin and Bnnjo
clubs will give a concert to-morrow even
ing in the First Unitarian Church, Ala
meda, which promises to be one of the
musical events of the season. The list of
patronesses comprises the names of the
following prominent society ladies:
Mesdamcs I". H. McCormick, John E.
Mason, George H. Mastick, C. C. Hughes,
William F. Chipman. S. Montgomery Has
lett Charles Bruntsch, A. XV. Pattiani,
Charles F. Michaels. C. L. Tisdale, F. XV.
Van Sicklin, Richard E. Ivelley, Augustus
Waterman, H. K. Moore, H K. Field,
John Metcalfe, Frank D. Colburn, G. H.
Tyson, G. W. Scott, George E. Plummer,
p[ S. Teller.
Cannon Leave the Campus.
BERKELEY, August 27.— Followed by a
volley of cheers, the two university can
cannon were taken from the campus this
morning to be shipped East. The guns
were taken to Berkeley station to be
shipped to the Rock Island arsenal, Il
linois, in accordance with, an order re^
ceived by President Martin Kollogg from
officials of the War Department.
Engagement of Lieutenant McCleave.
BERKELEY, April 27.— The engagement
has been announced of Lieutenant Robert
McCleave of North Berkeley and Miss
Etta M. Barker. Lieutenant McCleave
received his commission only a short time
ago, and has already gone to tHe war.
The prospective bride is the daughter of
air. and Mrs. Alfred Clark of Berkeley.
Rang the Last Bell.
BERKELEY. April 27.— Recitations at
the university ceased for the term this
afternoon. The last bell, which marked
the close of the active college career of
the class of MiS, was rune: by Miss Marlon
C. Whipple '9S. the retiring president of
the.Afsor iated Women Students. Exami
nations will beein tn-morruw, and will end
on Tuesday. May 10.
DESERTEL THE INSTRUCTOR.
University Students Object to Being
Treated "as Kindergarten
Pupils."
BERKELEY, April 27.— Several scores
of students in physics at the university
are indignant at the treatment accorded
them to-day by one of their instructors,
A. \Y. .Gray, an assistant in the depart
ment of physics. The students went to
the physics lecture room to take the ex
amination which had been prepared for
them by Professor Lewis, who gives the
course Professor Lewis is away visiting
schools and had left Assistant Gray to
give the examination.
When Gray met the class this morning
he announced that the examination would
not be given then until there was abso
lute silence in the room. Absolute silence
did not prevail for a quarter of an hour,
at the end of which time nearly all of the
class indignantly left the room. They
went to Assistant Professor Raymond,
who is acting head of the department in
the absence of Professor Slate, and
angrily protested against Gray's treat
ment of them "as kindergarten pupils."
Professor Raymond promised to give
them their examination next Friday
morning. The students are very much
Incensed at Gray's action, which they
characterize as a capricious attempt to
exercise authority and an insult to them
as^ university students.
MANY STREWED
ACACIA HAVES
Largely Attended Funeral of
the Late Frederick.
Deliger.
Rev. Dr. McLtan Speaks of the Value
of Progressive Men to a
Community.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 27.
'I am able in my own mental rec
ord to accord Mr. Delger a good
place among the benefactors of our
city. There are different kinds of
benefactors and benefactions. One
kind of benefactor is to be found In
the man possessed of great material
wealth in a community, and of that
kind was Mr. Delger, who lived a
life of Influence among us here In
Oakland.
"It is a good thing to be able to
contribute among the sorrowing,
the helpless and the orphan,
but Is it not a good thing
to make it possible that othera
shall not enter the ranks of the suf
fering? To relieve the suffering is
a great and beneficent thing, but
to prevent suffering is even a
greater thing, to my mind.
"Among this kind of benefactors
I would rate Mr. Delger.- For more
than thlrty-aeven years has Mr.
Delger been here and been such a
contributor to this fair city of Oak
land.
"Thirty-seven years in Oakland.
That covers mostly all of its his
tory. It covers the lifetime of a
generation. During those years,
the entire population of the place '
has changed more than twice. In
INSI, when Mr. Delger first came
here, there were only 1500 inhabi
tants in Oakland and"Berkeley, and
the center of business was Fourth
street and Broadway. He has seen
the school system rise from obscur
ity to be one of the best in the
United States; has seen the develop
ment of banks, of institutions of
charity and churches and all things
that make a fair city.
"And now it is said of him that
he was the largest individual owner
of improved real estate. That man
man in righteous ways accumulates
largely of material wealth is of
more importance in the beginning
of a small city than almost any
other factor. He is the man who
puts up substantial improvements,
and their taxation contributes di
rectly to every good thing in that
city.
"I say it Is money just as well
spent as money contributed to
benevolence. Such a thing makes
possible the safety of the city, for
the safety of person and property
comes through taxation. The ex
ample of such a man in the com
munity is worth much, and to Mr.
Deiger the citizens of Oakland owe
a debt of gratitude.
Such were the words of the venerable
J. K. McLean, D.D., as he stood at the
head of the bier of the late Frederick
Deiger in the First Congregational Church
this afternoon. Around the casket, in
full regalia, was Live Oak Lodge, of
which the deceased tfiis a member, and a
large number of visiting brethren from
all the lodges around the Day. Ihe church
was tilled with prominent citizens and
friends who had been acquainted with the
deceased for years. Members of the
household bore the casket to the hearse,
and the honorary pall-bearers were: Wil
liam K. Davis, W. Frank Pierce, Wallace
Evcrson J. Everding, F. K. Shattuek,
11. C. Taft. C. H. Smith, H. A. Powell,
Thomas Crelin, E. C. Sts-sions, Victor 11.
Metcalf and William Rutherford.
Many ladies of the Fabiola Association
attended as a delegation from the insti
tution toward which the deceased had
been so generous.
At the Deiger vault in Mountain View
Cemetery Live Oak Lodge conducted the
ceremonies. The lodge was in charge of
Master George H. Smith, Senior Warden
J. C. Dunne, Junior Warden T. F. ivlock,
Deacons John A. Britton and G. T. Burt
chaell. Stewards J. S. Corrigan and Ed
Pierce. Marshal D. W. Standeford and
Tyler D. H. Mathiesen.
CHRISTIAN CHURCH TROUBLE.
ALAMEDA, April 27.— The friends of
Rev. Mr. Wickham, the pastor of the
Christian Church in this rity, which has
been split by dissension, are very averse !
to any publicity with regard to the mat- I
ter and the reverend gentleman himsolf
says that it is one of those things which
are best settled without the newspapers.
S It is now stated that the entire trouble
is over the payment of the minister's sal
ary. The church is a poor and struggling j
organization, without any wealthy mem- I
bers, as stated. It is so poor that it has
not yet been able to have its building
painted, though completed more thau a
year ago.
There are only about sixty members of
the church all told, and of these about '
forty havo decided, so it is said, to abide !
by Rev. Mr. Wickham, and will worship
In Holtz's Hall, at the West End. The r.
mainder will continue to occupy the J
church, and Rev. Dr. S. M. Jefferson of j
Berkeley will supply the pulpit until some |
definite and permanent arrangement is
There is a debt of about $1900 on the
church, and how to meet this will tax the
efforts of the remainder of the congrega
tion most severely. Mr. Wickham prom- j
ises at the proper time and before the !
proper church tribunal to make such a •
showing as shall confound his opponents j
and put them to shame.
The : fac-simile ST$ y/i&jr ?"*? "* "on every ? wra PP?'
signature of (^ui^^Wc&^ of CASTOEIA.
START FOR THE
KUBUCK RIVER
Over a Hundred Gold
Hunters to Sail on the
Alaska.
The Kotzebue Sound 'Mining
Company Will Send the Jane
A. Falkenberg.
News of the Death of C. C. Jewel
Among the Cnilcoot
Victims.
The bark Alaska, the first of the Kot
zebue Sound gold fields fleet to get away,
will sail this afternoon about 4 o'clock.
She is taking away over a hundred gold
seekers, and a big crowd is sure to be
down to Howard-street wharf to see the
vessel away. From here the Alaska will
go to St. Lawrence Island, where the
stern-wheel steamer to be used on the
Kubuck River will be put ashore in sec
tions and will be made ready for sea.
While this is being done the bark will
go to the Siberian coast on a whaling
and trading cruise.
Among those who will sail on the Al
aska are:
J W Farnsworth, Elmer Bartlett. Mr. W.
Alston "Hayne Jr., and party of twelve from
Ka.ua Barbara; E. J Davis C W.
Ernest Sonntag. C. A. Haelil, C. V» . btatder,
W A Nourse, William McKee, Frank Brazil.
J. E." Khodes, Thomas Fennell. Stuart Mc-
Clure, W. B. Brown. F. Bray. K. O. McKen
zle. R. A. Barclay, A. A Eu banks. J. B.
Brown and wife, T. T. Trussler, Captain i.. C.
Kemmington. X C. Meak*,- C W Bowman.
E. H. Black. W. J. Phillips, Dr. Gale, surgeon
F WasKiann, N. Lawson, C. B. Thomas. O.
il Farwell, T. A. Williams, H. Bauer,
George F. Allen, Arthur E. Manchester, Ben
jamin A. Higglna, Albert F Wood. VV . B.
Kidgeway, VV. F. Duryea. Charles Brill. J.
N. Duryea, Dudley Davenport. d. F. iladdin.
E. J. Adams, L. T. Ward. B. C. Donham V.
Mpnarty. C. A. Green, XL Taylor, A. Sar
ment. J. Williamson, J. White VV. T. Put
nam, Jacob Rice, T. R. Abell. R. P. Dry VV.
W. Gingles, John Dahl. P. KHasson. A. T. An
derson, A. C. Gibb. A. Brown. J. Bauer, D. r.
McL'ar.lel, Charles Johnson, W . H. 1-osan, F.
St. Clalr Jones, J. O. Doud. Jacob Blurr.er,
Eben Harris Jr.. Frank Harrias Jr.. I T ary Ann
Smith. Mr. Gilllnwaters, U. J. Hamilton, Mr.
Palmer. J. Cruikshanks. F. Hams, H. W.
Calderwood and wife and C. P. Cone.
Among those going, J. W. Farnsworth
is about the best-known of the young
men. He is a native son. and has been
for years with Haas Bros. C. \\ . Birds
all and Ernest Sonntag are grubstaked
by a syndicate of bankers and merchants
of Two Kivers, Wis. \V. B. Brown, J. B.
Brown and Mrs. J. B. Brown are wealthy
residents of Napa. They are bound for
the Kotzebue partly for the hunting and
partly on a prospecting tour. K. li.
Black is the well-known painter on Eddy
street F. L. Ward and B. C. Donhan
have been grubstaked by Joseph Knowi
and president of the Gardiner Mill Com
pany. W. H. Logan is the large vine
yardist at Dinubia, near 1 resno, and the
Key. C. P. Cone is grubstaked by the
Rev. "W. Martin of this city. All in all, it
is a representative party, and should do
well if the gold is where they expect to
The kotzebue Mining and Trading Com
pany was formed yesterday, with a capital
of $30,000 fully paid. The folowing are the
incorporators: C. D. Lane, the million
aire mine-owner; Howard M. Hough and
Lawrence E. Noonaiv of the Lynde &
Hough Company; Captain A. H. Hem
man of the linn of Herriman & Mills: J.
A Ralston, who has mined on the Ku
buck River and is going back to his old
camping ground; C. Tozer of Tulare and
Frank Noonan, The company will send
a party of prospectors north on the bark
i-ntine A. Falkenberg, prepared to re
main two years. The Falkenberg is tak
ing up the river steamer KoUebue,
and a receiving-house is to be built at the
mouth and another at the head of the
Kubuck River, so that the gold-hunters
will always have a place of shelter to
Captain Clem Randall, whose tug, the
Fearless, was taken over by the Union
Iron .Works for the Government, has not
been long out of harness. He has been
engaged by the North American Trading
and Transportation Company to go to
Seattle and take its new steamer to
Dutch Harbor. From Dutch Harbor he
will tow the company's river steamers
and barges to St. Michael, and as soon
as the Yukon River service is in working
order Captain Randall will return to San
"P T*fi n oi sco
Business has been very Quiet on the
water front for some time and the ex
pectations are that it will be worse be
fore it is better. At the present time the
outraged and disengaged tonnage in port
is only 35.647 tons, while at the same time
last year it was 113,254 tons. In fact, the
shipping prospects are so poor that the
chances are that a couple of the pilot
boats will be laid up for a season or until
the times improve.
The following notice to mariners has
b een issued by the United States branch
hydrographic "office: Captain Isaiah Bray
of the missionary steamer Morning Star,
now at Honolulu, reports to this office
that on August 4, 1597. in latitude north
7 degrees Z'l minutes, longitude west 173
degrees 13 minutes, he discovered a coral
rock of the most dangerous character.
Several points projected from 5 to 10 feet
out of water, with green water surround
ing it for perhaps an eighth of an acre.
The British bark Powys Castle was to
have sailed for London with a cargo of
lumber last Tuesday, but she did not sail
until last night. The captain was afraid
of the Spaniards and got a certificate to
the effect that his cargo was owned by
British shippers. This, however, was
valueless without the countersignature of
the British Consul, so the sailing of the
bark had to be postponed to get it.
The whaling bark Alice Knowles. which
left here last November for the Okhotsk
Sea has been spoken in latitude 42.15
north, longitude 147.06 east, with twenty
barrels of sperm oil. On the 4th Ist.,
when three days out from Yokohama, the
steamer Ailsa* Craig ran across her and
gave Captain Oerden his position. The
master of the whaler said that he had
not spoken a vessel for several months,
and that he was completely lost. In that
event he must have lost either his sextant
or chronometer, or else he is a very poor
navigator.
News arrived by the. steamer Walla
Walla yesterday that C. C. Jewel was
among those who lost their lives in the
snow slide on Cbilcoot Pass. The de
ceased was a member of Callstoga Lodge,
I. O. O. F., and has a brother in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific Railway
Company. ______________
WILL WORK TOGETHER.
Merchants' Exchange and Board of
Trade United for Consolidation.
OAKLAND, April 27.— The Merchants'
Exchange passed the following resolu
tions last night:
Whereas, It is the sense of this meeting that
it will be more economical as well as con
serve in every way the best interests of Oak
land, Berkeley, Alameda, Frultval-J and
Emeryville to unite these municipalities In a
consolidated city and county government; be
! it therefore
Resolved, That the present committee ap- ;
pointed from the Merchants' Exchange and the
Oakland Board of Trade, together with presi
dents of the organizations mentioned, be and
the same are hereby appointed as a permanent
committee with power to take such steps as
shall in their judgment be best calculated to
bring about a consolidated city and county
government.
The permanent joint committee of the
two organizations consists of the follow- j
ing gentlemen: Merchants' Exchange— ;
•President, George W. Arper; directors—]
i j F W. Sohst. 11. M. Sanborn and Feo- i
■ d'ore" Muhr. Board of Trade— President, ''
James P. Taylor; directors— M. J. Keller,
S Kahn and J. S. Naismlth.
The proposition of requesting the nar- '
! row gauge officials" to place gates upon [
i the trains was discussed, but no action i
taken. The general opinion was that less j
accidents would occur if this was done,
as had been shown by the Seventh street j
The Board of Trade elected Messrs. j
James P. Taylor, A. H. Breed, M. J. Kel- ;
! ler A. T). Pryal, E. A. Heron, J. Tyrrel,
Sol Kahn. John F. Towlc J. E. Johnson ■
I and E. W. Marston as a new board of
i directors last ni*ht.
CHAMPIONS FOR
THE FIELD DAY
The Pacific Athletic As-
sociation Games Next
Saturday.
Mora Than a Hundred Alhietes
Have EnieredTheir
Names.
The Complets List ol Entries and the
No tible Events to Ti^ke
Place.
For the first time since the spring of
1892 the Pacific Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation will hold championship games
worthy of the name. It was the old
Olympic Club which kept alive the spirit
of athleticism, and in the former associa
tion meets the contest for supremacy
was fought out between the Olympic
Club and the University of California.
Then came the advent of Stanford, which
practically changed the whole order of
things. Intercollegiate field days rang
the death knell on general championship
games, the Olympic Club men, bowing to
their collegiate superiors on the track,
drew out of the race and the association
as a fosterer of athletics eank into des
uetude.
On Saturday at the Olympic Club
grounds the field and track contests will
be between three institutions— the Uni
versity of California, Stanford and the
Amateur Athletic .League. Over 100 en
tries swell the programme of events. The
games will be noteworthy for several rea
sons, the two colleges will again cross
swords and there will also be a pitting of
the college athlete against his younger
brother in the preparatory schools. Many
of these embryo athletes have won lau
rels on the track and field with records
to their credit equal to, if not surpassing,
those of the sprinter more advanced in
years and didactic qualifications. Sev
eral of the High School students are
looking with covetous eyes to the prizes
offered, and they are of the opinion that
the colors of Stanford and California will
be lowered in more than one instance.
The field day should be exceptionally
interesting and the races exciting not
only for those entered but for the specta
tors as well. It is very likely that the
Olympic outdoor grounds will be taxed
to "their full capacity on Saturday, for the
high schools will turn out in a body.
The entries closed yesterday. They are
as follows:
100 yards— Stanford : Mourse, Birtch, Cant
well, Stewart and Morgan. California: Drum,
Broughton. A. A. L.: Abadie. U. A. C. :
Burgess.
220 yards— Stanford: Mourse. Birtch. Cant,
well, Stewart, Diggles, Morgan. California:
Drum. A. A. L. : Abadie, Cramer, McGuire,
Woodrum. Cadogan, Dimtng, Raecomi. U. A.
C. : Burgess.
440 yards— Stanford: Diggles. California:
McNab, Kinz. Woolsey. A. A. L,.: Goshen,
McGuire, Cadogan, Raecomi. U. A. C. : G. H.
Burgess, F. \V. Burgess.
880 yards— Stanford: Arnold, Walker. Smith,
Strou't. California: Tolman, Carpenter. A.
A L. : Harris, Finne, Powell, Goshen, Cado
gan. Rlggs. U. A. C: G. Burgess, Klarman.
G. S. A. C. : Osborn.
One mile race— Stanford: Arnold. Walker.
Smith, Strout. Williams. California: Jack
son. Carpenter. A. A. L.: Finne, Webber,
Rlßjrs. U. A. C. : Klarman.
Mile walk— Stanford: Lousley. California:
Vv>sterfeld, Walsh. A. A. L. : Berger. Wilson
and Park.
IJO yards, hurdle— Stanford: Culver, Morgan.
California: Dawson. A. A. L. : Hamlin, Mc-
Carfter.
220 yards, hurdle— Stanford: Morgan and
Culver. California: Dawsor.. A. A. L. : Har
ris, Cramer, Spencer, Hamlin, Morrell, Mc-
Carger, Irwln.
Running high Jump— Stanford: Boyd, Ben
nett, Culver. Morgan. A. A. L. : Topham.
Henley, Foster.
Running broad jump— California: Brouehton.
A. A. It. : A"badie, HuMfey, Putnam, Spencer,
Woodnjm, Cadogan. Brock, Irwin. '
Pole vault— Stanford: Royd, Bennett, Cul
ver. California: Mumma, Hoffman. A. A. L. :
Woodrum. Irwin.
IS-pound shot put— Stanford: Burnett. Cali
fornia: Greisberg. Peck. ! Guihorson, Woolsey.
A. A. L. : Plaw, Woodrum. Volt 2.
Hammer throw— Stanford: Burnett. Califor
nia: McNah. Grelsberjr. Reliance AthJeti-:
Club: Edgrrn. A. A. L. : A. Plaw. W. W.
Smith, Woodrum, Riggs.
TRACK ATHLETES
WILL GO NORTH
Proposed Eastern Trip of the
Berkeley Team to Be
Postponed.
"Can Win the Mott Haven Games
Three Years Hence," Predicts
Manager Brown.
BERKELEY. April 27.— The victorious
track athletic team of the University of
California, which defeated Stanford last
Saturday by a score of SS to 38, will go
north soon after the completion of the ;
college examinations to compete with the j
Multnomah Athletic Club of Portland and
the Seattle Athletic Club. Enough money
has been guaranteed by Portland and |
Seattle to more than cover the expenses j
of the trip. The first contest will be
against the Multnomah Club on May 30.
The Portland club has a strong team. In
cluding Morgan. Stanford's crack hurdler,
and Kerrigan, the phenomenal high jump
er of the northwest, but the. Berkeley ath
letes are confident of defeating them. If
a large enough number of students can
be secured, an attempt will be made to
organize a party to accompany the team
north.
The proposition to take the team east,
as was done in 1895, has been practically
abandoned. Track Captain Brown be- I
lieves that the athletes can afford to wait !
for a few years until they can go east
better equipped financially.
"To enter half a dozen meets," he de
clared, "as the '95 team had to do to
make expenses, would result in killing the
men as athletes. Athletics at Berkeley are
steadily improving, and if the improve- ;
ment continues, in three or four years
the University of California will have a
track team that will win the great Mott '
Haven games."
a J)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KEABXTXT. .Established I
in 1834 for the treatment Pn.-at9
DiseKs.s, Lost Manhood. i>eb!lityor ,
disease vearin^ on bodyand mind and (
Skin Diseases. The iloctorcureswhen
tubers fall. Try him. Ch;T?res low
CnretiusrHntivd. Cull or write.
>»r. .1. V. ..HI lO.\. Box 1957. 5f.u Fraricltw-a
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597, trains will run as
follows: - ■'. . '. . " • - .
South-bound. . , I ' North-boy id.
Pasaen- ' Mixed . Mixed ; I'assen-
■ ger Sunday . Sta.- Sunday | ger
Daily. Excep'd. tions'. . Excep'd. | Daily.
7:20 am 0:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm : Merced'. 12:50 m 3:53 m
10:40 am 3:. pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 ami 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm-
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Viealia 6:40 am 12:40 pm
; - Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
quired. , . • . ■'■■'■.■.■ . . <
Connections— At Stockton' with steamboats of .
C. N. &' I. C 0. ,, leavins : San Francisco and
Stockton :at 6 p. m. dally; at Merced, with
stages to and from Snellln^s, Coultprville, etc.;
also with stage - for • Hornito<<. MarlpoFfi. etc.;
at Lankershim with stape to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
• : ; *v >a aausalito terry. )
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
13. 1897: ! ... ■■.-■-■- -. - ::;■.■. . . ■ -■ .■ ■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. •
Sundays— B:oo,' 10:00, 11:30 a. ml, 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. ;■; ■
THOS. COOK ; & SON, ; AsenU, 621 Market
, itreet, San Francisco i .--,
AUCTION SALES.
FURNITURL6 ROOMS.
2530 GOLDEN GATE. NEAR FIRST AVK.
THIS DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
FRANK. W. BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TMI.KN I'ACII'It! COJIPAST.
(t-ACiria urxTRu.V
Trnln* lra-<> nmi urm .lux tn arrlTO at
NAN l1ICA.\«:i.'««:«.l 1 ICA.\«:i.'««:«. . i
(slai., Line. Foot of Markit Street) v .
leave , - Fitoii April 10. 1808. — arrit«
•«:OfJA Nilts, Ban. lose aud Way .Stations... •«:!»*
7:OWa Kenioia, Sni«uu «uil Sacramento. • • 1O:i.»a
?:OOa Marysvil c, OioTUlea-ud KeddiiiK »i»
Woodland S'"''
:7:00a Vaesvllle and Kuu.sey '• J»M*»P
7:30 a M»:ti..ez. San U.num. Nap*. _
Calixtt-'C* stul Sttuia Uosa '■*•>*
•1:00 a Atlantic l-;x|.ress, ngdt-n and Must.. »»l!>r
>i:t»A Nilrx. S.h.i .lone. Ktoektou, June,
Sacramento, Sliiij-sfille, Ckieo,
TUumaard l:.-i l«>i* .= i« p
•*4:»Oa I'etiTS, MiHonan.lO.k'Ule »«:l»r
liumia New «'rtuati» i:i|.n',:>. U^rced. I?ay-
ii'i.ml, |. • .«..<., It&bvrMlaiU, SrniU
1t..i1.»r«. U« Ai.ct-iiv.; DemfKß, ■/■ .-'•;
>.l l'a»o Now O. loans «n.l Km*. Oi4^r
»:00* Vall.jo. ilartinz, -Msrocd and
• Fresno -•• '*''••*
•l:OOp Sncrainent.l Rtioiiiirni 2*s?*
l:«Or NUm. tun J. Be ai d Way Stations.. *l»i4a*.
• ti'JtOv Marti- cz an. l Way .Stations 7:«l-
2:OOp Liv^rniore, Mci.dota, Uanford and
Vl*alia..: 4ilBf
....... Li»eno(.ie, San Joe?. Niles and Way
KUtions JIO:Wa
MarUnex. Han lUmoirr Vallojo, .; «'.-*-.
Napa. CnIiHUiKH, 1(1 A'erano and y '
v . ihnUliraa ••»«*»
*:OOf KfDici.i. VacHVii'e, Woodland,
Knigiita I Hiidiiii,'. Marynville, «>ri>-
Tillt- Hli.l SncrMiiicKtii... ......... 10:45*
l:»'»pNiies San J<.»e, Tracy and Sucktcu .. 7:l»if
t:'.UH> Latl.rui , M,..if«ti>. Merced, Ucrei.da,
Ffe«ii», M.j.iTe (for U.-mdaburg),
SanU l!.irl.jir» and l.<« Aiißßhia.. 7<4.1a
-lt:tOp Maiidi I.- lluiile, Atlantic I'.xniess
; ■- for Moj..™ .mil Kant.. •x4»p
" Bui.se' Limit, d." I.oii Angeles, Xl
' ■ I'a«f> Fort Worth, Little Hock, St.
Louis, Chicaco and L*»». |lO:1»a.
Us:3l»p " Subset Limited Ana»x," El Paso,
■ •• Sow Orleans aad But JI0:I3a
<•:«<>■■ 1. i;,., ].„!. Miiii, 0tj.1... and I'.iut.... MS*
6:0 Of lluynitnlK, Nili-s und Sun .lone 7:45 a.
tSiOOi- V»ll.j.> t7i4«l?
»:<»<ll- Oregon l';t|>i<-iui,K>triHn>eiito, .M.iij»-
vi!,-. Itu.l.ttiiir. r.>rttun<l, l'ng«t
■ Smii l mi.l I'.i.s! ' Wrl*>A
1 isA.N I.KA.Ni'KU .t.Mi UA>HAUI>S 1.0VX1,.
I Foot ol Market Stner.)
i'«:OOa I , ( 7:15 a
H:Oi»* SlplrftM', Seminary Park, •J?jjf* '
i!! : o»a nirlilmr,r,KlinliorHt, nlirs*
<II:OO\ San Lfan.iro, Soiilll San 12:4."»r
:'a:"?: ' a: "?. 1 ! l.enmlro, Vilutllllo, jalrir
ihVoop J. l.nrrnzd, Cherry • l4:4Rr
4:OOP , »3:45p
3:»up •>•"• C:lsr
s=;.;;p llHjirai.N. .]s*
7:t»»l. . *:4.1?
»:«>»P ii!,..,. llii.mul. t. NUes. .Vat?
»:«»Ol- ! ( 1t,.,.. PJilea ■•«•••-
tOAVr lilVI*>l(lX (Narrow <i:iui;t'j.
i Koot M .rk'l Sir-it."'
17:45 a S*i t:i < T ri,j: hxiu/ri ..-, Mania On.z
ci.d Pri ifpal War StatioiM :S:osp
«Jls.\Ne\vaik S.ji.7 ...<u>,F«lton,
r- . irk, Santa Cruz Way
hUtiotis 0:50p ,
*2:13p Newark, Certervillc, Bin4o»e, New
Almad^n. Fil'o-. Hi uMaf Creek.
•Unta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •lO:5«»v
■ 4:13p San .T.>»« asd O!enwoo<1 '0:20.i.
a4:lsi> P.i.uMer Tr^k «n-l Sit. t« I'm?. j'J:3«*.v
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR FRANCISCO — Foot of Muket Street (Slip 8)— : : » '
' •7:15 9:00 ll:0lU.u. ] 1:00 *2:00 43:05
•i:00 - - tS:OO *S:O3r.M.
fr.mOlllLil(D-rc3t9'Bro»l».iT.--|-:;.C 8:00 10:00 i.M. .
tl2:0fl . *l:00 JJ:OO ;;:30; ;:30 ti:C3 .*B:33r^i.
. ' (OAsT DIVISION iltroadlJau^e). 5
' . (Tlilrdand Towtigenrf St«.)
•7:0Oa Sun .1.- und Way .SUlii>iM (New
Aliiiiulcii W«dnes.Ujsonly)..-..... It 80»
{7:30 a Sunday K>cursioii for SiU Jose, .i,,/:-,
B»r.t* Cruz, Pacific Qn)Tf> I and
Price-pal Way stations }»:■»»
9:00 a sun Juno, Tim I'lno*. Sant.i Cm/,
Pacific l!riit«, I'ami Koljlks, San
1... is oi.ißiH,, (Jiuualii|>e, Hurt and
l'rincilial W»y st..iti,.ii» 4:IOi»
Io:IOa Bail Juatrniiil '-'- -iy .Stalloim •8:«O,»
1 1 ISO a S»-i J.ise ami Way StuUuns ..,..,. •8:35 a
•a:4»i- San Mitteu, Unlwood
B.inU Clara. .San .i«.-ir,- Ollroy,
Ili>lliBter. HaitU Orttx, Salinas,
■"■'■ --■- Monierey and I'liciUc (ir—«, *IO:S3a
•:i:3(tfS»n.l u »i..' " • •
and Way RUMonR... •fl:0O A .
. ♦ 1 : 1 5 1- San .lose an.l I'rinciiMl w.,j- hulions «:•«.%*
# 3:«Mtp San Jose and Principal \V»y Bt»tion« 6:»3a.
s::»>r Sum. l. mi.) I'rinctmU Way Slulions 5:a«l-
. . (l::t»i- Sun Joa« iini'i Wuy .Stntions 7:3«1"
<M;4si- San .lust- mil Way SUtl.iiiß..'. -7zllof
A for Morning. ' I" for Afternoon." 1
• Buii.'*MiapiLiw|'ii-.i { Bmt<tays only . ♦ Saturdays only
ft Monday. Timrsd.iy am! Satur'Uy nights only.
1T Thnradays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
; Saturdays^ ' i Sundays and Mondays
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnroa Ferry, Fo»: of Market St.
IliUi I«'KANCISCO TO HAH KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
■at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
• 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
■SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:10.
5:00, 6:23 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April' 23, •
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
-Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days. _
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:10 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:2."> am
5:10 pm]s:oo pm Santa ilosa. 7:35 prn| 6:22 pin
'" Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyserv-lle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pmi 6.22 pm
7:30 ami I HoplaiKl and! 110:25 am
3:30 pm'S:CO am Ukiah._^ \ 7:35 pm| 6:22 prn
7:30 ami ~ "~ "" 10:25 am
S:CO nm Guerr.eville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm't //- 6:22 pm
7:30 am!S:CO ami Sonoma 110:40 am, 8:40 am
I and
6:10 pmjs:Co pm| Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am B:M ;ini Sebastopol. 10:40 am! 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pa
Stages conuect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at -Lytton for Lytton Spring's; at Gey-
Bervllle for SkagKS Sprinss: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, KelF*yvl]le. . New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukieh for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
. Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierlpy's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullvillo. BoonevillP. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg. We.nport. Usal.
Satu-day to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced ratfs.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. fi.%o Market St., Chronicle bMg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
■ Pres. and Gen. Manager, Gen. Pass Acent.
|jjp|||||g|lp CALIFORNIA
SAHF^GISGD
Leaves Far. Francisco m 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
I Carries Crst-clasa passencers only, but with-
out extra chance. ,
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Uravrlnjr-r.com S^epsrs.
■ ;V4 days to Chicago. <Mi days to New Yortc
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
! L«nvu J-Jily at 4:i>o n. in.. carryms ruUman
i Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Can on
I fast time. Direct conne- I in Chicago ami
1 Kansas City for all . Eastern points.
Trains arri- and depart fr. m Market-«tr««t
' Fe-ry. Pan Frnr: :sco ticket r.fflce. 1.1 cuark«t
street. Chronicle building. Telephon» Main
1520. Oakland office. UIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento nfflcf, 201 J street. Bai Jo*«. 1 West
Hanta Clara -treet. . ~' : '--' '"■.'•..
INORTHPACIFIO COAST RAILROAD.
r \ . Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
; 13, 1897.
■ WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San i:afael— •9:30.
11:30 a. m. ; *I:4S. 3:45,'.. •5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. in.
Extra-trips for San-Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. *n. ; ■
■ : SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo. '10:00.
i •11:30 a. m. ; •1:15. 3:00. »4:30, C:l5 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH . TRAINS. , <:V-
7.25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed' train) for
- • Duncan Mills. way stations; 8:00 a. m.
i Sucdavii lor Point Reyes and. way stations.
1112
DIRECTOR
GALLAGHER
LET 'ER GO
Makes a Bitter Attack
Upon a Grand
Juror.
Refers to Alexander Tru
man as a Falsifier and
a Blackguard.
Vents His Spleen Over the Dis
ci osures Made in the Lum
ber Deal.
TWO TEACHERS DROPPED.
Fornucl Offer Made by the Board, of
Education to Assist the Grand
Jury in Its Work.
Under the guise of introducing a reso
lution in the Interest of reform In the
School Department, School Director
lagher vented his spleen yesterday against
Alexander Truman, one of the m<
of the (rand Jury who rave been activ*
In bringing t>> the attention of the puuiiu
tho scandals connected •with the purchase
of lumber f<T the department.
yie waited until the regular business of
the Board of Education had been com
jilf-ted. Then be rose, and with the full
rr.;nht of his voice delivered himself as
follows:
"I hear that a groat deal of responsi
bility is being thrown op the shoulders
of the finance committee for the alleged
frauds that have b< en perpetrated in con
n with the purchase of lumber fur
this department. While I don't deny any
responsibility for any "t" nay acts, I feel
that the finance committee, of which 1
am chairman, performs its duty in a com
pulsory manner. The custom has been
Buch in the past that the committee has
no discretion in the matter of passing
upon bills presented to it for approval,
though the rules give the committee a
power which It does not exercise. In or
der to remedy this, I offer the folowlng
resolution.' He read the resolution, which
is us follows:
Resolved, That the finance committee be in
cre&aed to five members.
That no committee shall Incur any .expense
against the department, except on a requisi
tion duly signed, as provided lor In the rules
of the .Board of Education, and all. requisi
tions calling for an expenditure of $50 or m ire
ehall be tirst submitted to and receive the ap
proval of the chairman of the finance com
mittee.
That under the rules of the Board of ■ Edu
cation the finance committee shall adopt such
regulations as it may deem necessary for the
economical disbursement of the school funds,
and no money shall be expended or work per
formed except In accordance with such regu
lations.
That the finance committee shall exercise
general supervision over the books and ac
counts of the department and- bee that the
tame are kept in a businesslike manner, and
for this purpose they may adopt such measures
as they may deem necessary. - ; 'i -
Speaking ostensibly for the adoption of
the resolution, he continued: ■
"We may be morally but we are not
legally responsible for these matters. I
don't believe the charges are. true, be
cause they are made by one of the rank
est blackguards in this city, because they
are made by a member of the Grand Jury
•who has resorted to the dirtiest, lowest
and most contemptible methods. I know
that on several occasions he has lied
about members of the board relative to
things they have done. 1 feel safe in
saying that the things he Is ram sing to be
publishd in the papers are without truth.
This man is known to be a blackguard,
not by myself alone, but by others. It Is
a matter of common report that he is not
lit to come here and investigate matters
tnat require more than ordinary. skill. He
forced the board of examiners of this
department to do things that many men
■would call dishonest. As a member of
the Grand Jury, he should first have
brought these things to the attention of
the Grand Jury."
The resolution was adopted without
further debate, and Directors Carew arid
Derham were added to the finance com
mittee, which had theretofore consisted
of Directors Gallagher, Waller and Ham
mond.
Previous to this the lumber scandal had
raised its head during the session by the
introduction of the following resolution
by President Barrlngton:
Whereas, the attention of this board has
been called to the fact that apparently some
discrepancy exists between the amount of lum
ber furnished and amount consumed by this
department; therefore be It
Resolved, That the Board of Education by
every means In Its power subsist the Grand
Jury of this city and county In iixint the
responsibility, it any, where It properly be
longs.
It was adopted unanimously and with
out comment.
Daniel Sherrin f& Sons were awarded
the contract for repairing the (lirla 1 High
Bchoo!, corner Geary and Scott streets, oil
bid of 11600. The only other bid was
that of Anderson Bros, for $1741.
A communication was read from the
Hae Building: and Contracting Company,
in which the company informed the board
that It had assigned its contract for tho
construction of the Mission High School
to James F. Logan, in accordance with
the wishes of the company's creditors.
The board agreed to approve the assign
ment providing the assignee filed a bond
for $16,000.
H. T. Damm, who was consolidated out
as a teacher of the Hamilton evening
school, was restored to his class, the at
tendance in the high school class having
been maintained over the average re
quired for one month.
A new class was formed in the Spring
Valley evening school, and Miss Kyne
was assigned to the new class.
Mr. Hendry and Mr. Drew were elected
special teachers in mechanical drawing
and asigned to the classes they are now
teaching in the business evening school.
The City Board of Examination recom
mended that M. L. Choynskl be granted
a grammar grade certificate upon his
diploma of graduation from the Univer
sity of California and recommendation by
the faculty, and that the high school cer
tificate of Miss Hattie B. whirlow and
primary grade certificates of Mrs. Kate
Turney and Miss 1,. K. Armstrong be re
newed.
Kate C. O'Brien of th« Redding school
was granted a leave of absence from May
6 to June 17.
The committee on qualifications recom
mended that the following named bo
elected regular teachers In the depart
ment: Miss A. O'Brien. Lincoln Gram
mar School; Miss S. Simon, Sheridan
School; Miss L. F. Simon, Hawthorne
School; Miss A. 'IS. Crowley, John Swett
Evening School: Miss Margaret Maguire
Richmond Evening School: Miss B. L.
Gambitz, Emerson Primary School; Miss
Agnes W. Thompson, Irving Primary
School. The repo.rt was adopted;
Miss Julia Miles was transferred from
the day-school substitute class and as
signed to the class In the Irving Scott
School made vacant by the marriage of
Miss L. M. Blake.
Miss S. Strauss of the Lincoln Grammar
School was transferred to the class In the
Hamilton Grammar School made vacant
by the marriage of Miss E. J. Arnold, the
same to take effect August 1, IS9S.
Miss Rose McKeon of the day-school
substitute class was assigned to a class
in the Irving Primary School. . "
' On the recommendation of the commit
tee on rules it' was decided to suspend
Miss Jean A. Dwyer from the Irving
School, pending the investigation of
charges of insubordination made against
her, and to drop the name of Miss Laura
M. . Blake from; the rolls of the depart
ment because she had married in violation
of the rules of the board.
(Advances made on furniture. and plnnos." with
: ,.or without removal. J. Noonan, H>li-1023Wisslqfl.
AND STILL THE
MARKET SOARS
Strong Foreign Quotations
Stiffen Local Wheat
Prices.
Harry Wise Credited With Be
ing the Leiter of San
Francisco.
Fluctuations During the Morning
Develop Into a Feeling
of Strength.
The wheat market -esterday opened
with traders at sea. First Liverpool ca
bles reported a decline of two pennies (4
cents) in wheat futures. This news
caused a weak feeling in Eastern mar
kets .and depressed the bull enthusiasm
In the local market. Chicago wheat open
ed half a cent under Tuesday's closing
riguros. Good buying then resulted in
advancing the price to 83*fcigMc at the ad
vance. Longs began to realize, causing
a sharp break to &IV4C. About this time
closing Liverpool cables reported the
early decline fully recovered, whicn
started an advance.
These conditions kept wheat traders in
the local market In a quandary. Decem
ber opened at $1 80, declined to $1 '$'&,
where good buying was found. The short
selling was strong, but' not heavy enougli
to offset the buying demand. The result
was a victory for the bulls, who bid the
market up to $1 S(H*>. At this price an
other stand was made by the shorts, and
their efforts effected a decline to $1 79^,
the offerings at that -lrice finding ready
buyers, and a rally to $1 SO I.*1 .* followed.
This was the action of the market before
noon.
At the afternoon session there was a
marked change in the character of trad
ing.- Chicago advices were surprisingly
strong; the public curb showed an ad
vance of 1 cent over the closing prices.
One linn wired: "Chicago has gone from
the highest to the lowest wheat market
in the world; we will soon get a strong
advance." Many other expressions of
strength were received by local brokers
from their Chicago .correspondents.
The feeling in wheat was one of
strength before the opening of me ses
sion. December was $1 SlV* old; then $1 82.
$1 S2£ and $1 5.2%, was reached before
much wheat could be found for sale.
About the only offerings were these who
had bought under $1 !>U at the morning
sessions.
Harry Wise took everything offered
from >1 524 to Jl S2 34.3 4 . He is considered
just now to be to the San Francisco mar
ket what Leiter is to Chicago. The talent
are opposing him, while he has condi
tions and a strong foreign market In his
favor. It is estimated that his winnings
amount to Siso,ow. ■ • .
The feature or the trauing during the
afternoon session " was the buying by
Wise. The offerings came from those
who. were willing to take in their profits.
But little short Belling was indulged in,
as the crowd seemed to have overdone
tlie selling craze under $1 SO. The market
[c again largely oversold. Should Eng
lish and French markets show another
advance to-morrow no doubt- there will
he a scramble for wheat by the shorts.
The undeniable strength shown in East
ern markets late in the day made shorts
very nervous. The trade seems to have
forgotten the marginal rule. Very little
was said about the action of the board
in putting the rule into force, brokers be
ing about evenly divided on the point.
Some are in favor, others against, the
rule.
The situation in wheat is one that neeas
the exercise of judgment at present*
prices. Conditions abroad are very
strong. Liverpool ar.d London report
Btocks exhausted. Paris wheat and flour
continue to Show sharp advances. Tile
war cuts no little factor in the demand
f<>r wheat, the fear that others besides
the United Slates and. Spain may be
drawn Into the conflict having frightened
the foreign wheat and flour trade into re
filling their almost exhausted stocks. Tne
conditions of the growing wheat crops of
tho United Kingdom and Continent are
most encouraging. The crop of the
United States as a whole is most promis
ing, but the secret seems to be that im
porters on the other side of the Atlantic
nave pursued their dangerous policy of
a hand-to-hand character until the case
has gone beyond their control.
There is no telling where the boom
craze will end. As is generally the case,
the price will in the pnd be carried too
far and a severe reaction foilow. At
present there seems no stopping the tide
of advancement.
Barley opened weak at the start: De
cember sold at $1 32; buying by shorts ad
vanced the price to $1 34%. Buying by
shorts was the chief feature of the day's
trading. The life scorns gone out of this
cereal. There is a very large long inter
rst in the market, which will In the end
drng prices voyy much lower. The de
mand for spot is very poor and daily
growing less. The action of yesterday's
market indicated the shorts were trying
to advance the price in order that they
might sell again. Barley seems doomed
to lower prices.
On the 4 p. m. curb December wheat
sold at $1 S3:»i: December barley at $135; a
strong feeling prevailing.
MERCHANTS ALERT.
New Members Admitted Into the
the .i-ssociation — Tlie
Charter.
At the regular meeting of the Mer
chants' Association held yesterday Second
Vice-President Kelly presided In the ab
sence of the president and first vice-pres
ident. Of the directors there were pres
ent: Joseph Britton. Joseph D. Grant.
Hugo D. Keil. John E. Quinn, W. R. Sher
wood and Vanderlynn Stow.
The following applications for member
ship were received and each of the candi
dates was unanimously elected as a reg
ular member of the association, making
the total membership at present 952: A* I
glo-Californian Bank, limited, 200 San
some street; H. Buneman, 401 Front
street: D. de Bernardl & Co:. 409 Front
street; M. P. Detels, 114 Davis street; Dv
Val & Carroll, 221 Front street; Tho
George F. Eberhard Company, 12 Drumm
street; D. Hewcs, 413 Kearny street; Ja
cob Heyman, 11 Montgomery street; Rix
Engineering and Supply Company, 507
Market street; Roscnbaum Bros., 204
Front street; Security Savings Bank, 222
Montgomery street; Union Bag and Paper
Company, 415 Clay street; Herman Wal
deck & Co.. 3S Clay street, and O. H.
Wright & Co., 11 Clay street. •
The association has taken great Inter
est in the adoption of the new charter,
and In order to ascertain how the mem
bers of the association feel toward its
adoption asked for an expression of opin
ion from each individual. This In part
has been answered by 173 replies favor
able out of 176 letters sent out.
The. secretary was instructed to secure
as soon as possible answers from at least
a majority of the members of the associa
tion relative to this subject and to pre
pare a synopsis of the charter to be pub
lished In the May number of the Review.
The board decided to have 22,500 copies of
tho May number of the Review printed
and distributed to all taxpayers in the
city who are voters.
Th^ secretary was directed to make ar
rangements for the annual meeting of the
association to be held next month.
A Juvenile Fraud.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: The
public is warned against a boy of 17,
named Jasper Wise, who has boon work
ing .among the charitably disposed asking
for money to tide him over until he is
able to get work or hear from his parents.
j The boy is a voluble talker, and has been
assisted by almost every charitable or
ganization in the city, as well as many
private purties. He is a runaway, has a
good home and relatives in Brooklyn, to
whom he could return if he would, and
has been repeatedly assisted to obtnin
wurk, which lie promptly leaves to in
dulge in begging.
A. H. HUTCHIXSOX,
MajGuyjef Boys' Trailing iiurae.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL .28, 1898.
IT WAS ALL
A MISTAKE
How Henry F. Emerie
Came to Lose His
Ranch.
Gave It to His Wife, Who, Dy
ing Before Him, Left It to
Her Sister.
An Amicable Suit to Be Instituted
Whioh Will Soon Set Every
thing Right.
The friends of Henry F. Emeric, the ex-
Fish Commissioner, are very indignant
over an article that recently appeared In
a morning paper, in which it was stated
that Mr. Emeric intended instituting a
sensational suit to have the will of his
recently deceased wife set aside and in
whuh, together with a lot of other bosh,
it was stated by innuendo that Attorney
W. W. Foote, one of Mr. Emeric's most
intimate friends, had something to do
with the will left by Mr. Emeric's wife,
by which that gentleman is completely
cut off from the enjoyment of his own
property. The facts of the matter are
as follows: About a year and a half ago
Mr. Emeric deeded to his wife a tract of
land in Contra Costa County known as
the "Home Ranch." The strip covered
about 270 acres, and the only reason for
the gift was that Mr. Emeric wanted to
make his wife a little present, purely as a.
token of affection. This tract was a part
of the great San Pablo rancho, which Mr.
Emeric had inherited from his father,
and whicn comprised nearly 2U,U00 acres,
tho balance of .something over H.iWU acres
Mr. Emeric reserving lor himself.
Shortly after receiving this present Mrs.
Emeric, being then in a rather delicate
state of heiuth, made a will, in whicn,
after bcstuwmg a lew minor legacies or
small sums 01 money. Jewelry and the
like, she maae her sister residuary leg
au-e, thus deposing of all the balance of
Her property, the Z,u acres among tne rest.
Several months alter tins Mr. .Linene
himseil was taken violently ni, and as
he nad every re^tson to fear a tatal ter- i
mlnatlon of his trouble, he deeded all .the
balance or' his property to his wife, not
wishing her to have the trouble of ex
tended legal proceedings alter nis ueatli, ;
which he then thouynt was Dear at band.
Mr. Emeric's Illness turned out differently i
from what he anu every one else expect- •!
Ed, and he recovered, while his wife, who
was thought to be improving, grew rap- j
idly worse and finally died on April 1, lier •
death being greatly hastened by the flight
she receiveo uuring the recent earui
<4uake. When she died, her sister, being '
residuary legatee, became possessed of a.i
the property of the late Mrs. Emeric,
whicn sne had not bequeathed otherwise,
the 17,100 acres made over by Mr. Emeric
during nis unless among me rest.
Mr. Emeric, his sister-in-law a:i<l all
the relatives of Mr. Emeric's dead wife
who proiit by her will, realizing that it I
was only by a mistake that the husband
bad been temporarily despoiled of his :
property, have agreed to enter into an j
amicable suit for an equitable division of '
the estate. This is all there is to the re- i
cently published version of an expected j
sensation.
W. W. Foote had nothing whatever to
do with the will, as he did not draw it
up. being sick abed at the time, and knew
nothing about it until the death of Mrs.
, Emeric. The only way be conies to be
! connected wivh the case is through a note
left by Mrs. Emeric among the rest of her
papers, in which she says that if it is
ru ■ essary to have legal advice in. settling
, up her estate it is her wish that B4r.
i Foote, being an old friend of the family.
i be given charge of the matter. .
Mrs. Emeric was never asked by her
husband to return any gifts that he had
| made her, and at the time of the transfer
<pf the IT.OuQ acres neither she, her hua
band nor any of their friends imagined
for a moment that Emeric would survive
his wife. .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James W. Ward to Florence N. Waxd, lot' on
! SW owner Ot Broadway and Laguna. street,
> tf ICO by W r,O; gift.
i Argonaut M. B. and L. Association to I'eter
! ani Clara Harrier, ' r >t on \V line of Scott
! street, MiS N of Ridley, N 2:> by \V IIS:?; $4100.
Lillie Klrlppel to George Hlldebrant (trus-
J tee for Lottie an<l Mildred Strlpptl), lot on E.
! line of Elgin Park, V'!() S of Hermann street,
I S 25 by X 75; trust deed.
Mary Linehan to George B. M. Gray, lot on
!NW corner of Dolores and Twenty-third
I t-treets. N 50 by W 57; $10.
, Joseph L. A. R.oncovieri to Clara Roncovierl.
i lot on S line of Hlnckley street, 62:6 E of Du
pont, E 25 by S 57:6; also lot on S line of J
street, 57 :6 W of Sixteenth avenue, WSO by
! s 100: gift.
Mary Mootry to Marie Manson (wife of
I Charles), lot on SW corner of Bay and Dupont
! streets, W 11.'i:4 l.y S 59:6, quitclaim deed; $5.
Mary E. Cole anil Charles T. Mootry to same,
I san;e, quitclaim deed; $5.
(J. H. I'mbten (referee In suit Mary Mnotry
| vs. Man' E. Cole) to same, same, 59.12' i; 14900.
I Charles ami Maria Manson to Henry E.
j Eothin, same: $10.
Henry Vro'inan to Charles Osmers and J. G.
W. Bcbulte (10-30 ench), Wilhelmlne Stroccker
i (5-30) r.nd G. L., C. 8., E. H. end Clara
A. Ptrr.ecker and Emma M. Smith (1-30 each),
lot on N r corner of Steuart and tTolsom streets.
: NE 137:ti to East, by NW 46:10, quitclaim deed;
$10.
Alflno Higglns (by Henry A. Lovett, attor
ney). Dorothy Wratherby. Sarah Yanre, D. D.,
A. W., Harriet N. and J. Hlgglns iby Alex
ander M. Rennle, attorney). Dorothy lla
honey and James A. Johnson to Joseph Turner,
lot on NW line of Freelon street, ISO SW of
Fourth. SW 23 by NW 80; $10.
Same to Elizabeth H. Williams (wife of T.
W.), lots 44S and 449, Gift Map 3; $10.
Alfinn Biggina (by Henry A. Lovett, attor
ney) to same, samr: lid.
Same by same to Joseph Turner, lot on NW
! line of Freelon street, ISO SW of Fourth SW
i 25 by NW SO; $10.
Patrick Foley to Mary Foley, lot on SE line
of Natoma street, 200 NE of Ninth, NE 25 by
SE 95: pi ft.
Thomas Budd and John H. Grady (by Wil
liam B. Daly, commissioner) to Delia T. Flood
lot on E line of Twenty-third avenue, 150 S of
California street, S 50 by E 120; $687
W. G. and Adella H. Tafflnder to Richard
Spreckels, lot commencing at dividing line of
1 lots 2 and 3, distant 125 NW from intersection
! of said line and NW of Buena Vista avenue
(Park road). NW 25 by SW 50. portion of lots
3 and 4. block 1, Flint Tract Homestead- $10
Michael Dillon to Julia McDonald (femme
: «ole), lot on SW line of Sherman avenue, 100
NW of Sears, thence at right angle 375 NW
] 50, SW 105. NW 139:6, NE 490. SE 20:6; $5.
Alameda County.
Mary E. and F. K. Eachus to B. Semerille
lots 29 and 30, block 25, Tract B, Berkeley
Loan and Title Insurance Association, Berke
ley; $10.
D. T. and Mary J. Sullivan "(by commis
sioner) to Robert Palzlel. lot on S line of San
Jose avenue, 150 W of Broadway, W 70 by S
150, being a portion of James Foley Tract
Alameda; $"959.
Stephen and Luella Moyle to Hans R. An
derson, lot on NW line of Second street 50 NE
of Mol,eod, NE 75 by NW lid. being lot 11 and
PW half of lot 10. bine* 3, McLeod Tract, Llv
ermore Murray Township; $250.
Joseph H. and Agnes A. Simpson to Charles
Tv Lancaster, lot on S line of Thirtv-slxth
street, W> W of Grove, W 35 by S 120:3, Oak
land (subject to a mortgage for $1800) ; $lfl
Mary E. and James T. Cavanaxh to Kdward
Cavanagh. lot on SE corner of Twelfth and
Peralta streets. S 4S. E i 0:W t . N ft:BU W 76
to beginning, block 556, Oakland (quit-claim
deed): $10.
Wllllnm J. and Nellie Cavanagh to same,
same: $10.
Beulah Park Camp Meeting Association to
C. It. Bronson, lnts l.'.fi to 161. block 1, Beulah
Turk property. East Oakland: $10.
Peter A. Oorrlgan to Mary F. Corrigan, lot
19. block 1, Grove-street Line Tract, Berkeley
gift.
John Hetherington to Ed*rin Reynolds, lot
on S line of B street. 300 NE from SE corner
of B and First ■ streets. SE 200 by NE 100
Hay wards, Eden Township; $10.
BUILDERS' CONTRACT.
George McLean with George Vaughn and N.
G. Chadwlck, all work for a one-story and
rough basement frame building on N fine of
North Point street. 103:lVt E of Larkln E
34:4% by N 137:6; $2205.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. Aprtl 27.
Schr Vein, Ilasmussen, 10 days from Port
Blakeley.
! Schr Mary Bunne, Weber, S days from Til
' lanionk.
Haw Btmr San Mnteo. Fletcher. — from
Comox.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTI/E— Arrived April 21— Stmr Farallon.
from Dypa; schr Mildred, hence April 12; schr
Vine, hence April' lo.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE ; HOTEL":
Dr J C Pryor, U S N r , Mrs E McCaffrey. Ind
II Greenbeck & w Tex WE Griftin. Reno
M Harman. Mansfield Dr E S Goodhue. H I
R Wirth, New York . Mrs E S Ooodhue, H I
J R Patton, San Jose J B Peakrs, Sta Clara
J W Quirk. Boston W B Hayden. NY
J S Murdock. London Mrs W B Hayden, NY
G P. Mayer & w, Wis Miss M Hayden. N-T
Mies nrumder. Wis Miss Gammell. R I
G Wilson, Santa Clara Miss Livingstone, N I
G E Goodnow, Napa JP. QulEley, Sacto
W E Clow, Chicago ' O Nelson Santa Clara
H H Dewey, NY Dr H G BaylUs. LosAn
H R Kelly, NY W P Stewart, X V
R C Pierce, Dalton W R Moore, N V
W L Davis. Denver \V D Shea. N Y ■£
J W Perkins, Ind C S Brooks & w, Bostn
E Wenk, Guatemala W H Morrison, w. M
E L Allen. Los Ang F Cummlngs, XV. ■
L Freund, New York C S Brooks, Boston
Mrs E Azerfeldt. Wis- Mrs C S Brooks, Bostn
T Pelkey, Dawson }
GRAND HOTEL, i
F G Natrle. Santa Rosa J E Davidson&w. Fres
Capt Johnson&w, Ala MA Moore, X V
Kde la Cuesta. S Barb I R A Moore. N X
Mrs W Chevers. Utah L Hudson Merced
P Ruhlmun. NY j J Gv.inn. N V
M Pomeroy. San Jose G D Plato. Modesto
D W Burchard, S Jose F W Wtnhani. Salinas
J W Herkner, Stocktn R T Gray. Woodland
F W Covey. Palo Alto Mrs Peterson&d, Valljo
Mrs H Sandes. Stocktn W Sexton. Oroville
G R Stewart, Cal W P Thomas. Ukiah
J Manly & w, Spokane B T Booze&w, Jamestn
Mrs Burham. Nebr .1 Kagclf. San Andreas
T S Champman. Ch^o W E Belphley, Ohio
H R Hitchcock. S Barb Miss Belsshley. Ohio
G A Daußherty. Salins Mrs C L Kellogs. Ohio
H A Bell. Sacto F D Bettlnger, Ohio
F 8 Smith. NY -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J O'Neil, Ashland H J Hicks. N Orleans
J P Mylar. Pal in an M P Casey, Stockton
J Fleming, Montreal J Finneean. Rio Vista
J M Hdwptl, I. is Anr; M Olsen, Vaili'M.
A C Halton, Ohlco C Rln*. S'o:Kton
A Alexon, Arbucklo C H Handy, MontpMr
W H McDonaH. Fresn A McKee, Los Anpeles
M J Sullivan, Hoplaml Mrs R Burnett, Pasdn
C Brown. Cars jn I H C Greece. X V
J Moynehan&w, Sacto IW W Forlich, Tucson
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C Bailey & w, Wash W S Garbar, Omaha
J F Primrose. Wash W Hadley, Ontario
I Marks, L Gatos S J Montgomery, Cat
H F Pyle. S Jose S Henry. Stockton
F Cornell. Petaluma H Wright & w. Stkn
G L Nimby. Vallejo B P. Whitney. Seattle
C Strine & w, Phlla B Halm & w. London
C G White, Monterey J Roymana &.w. N V
.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
RUPTNF.SS OFFICE of th* San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nlcrht I' the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 327 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
?.S7 Hayes street; oren until »:S0 o'clock.
621 McAUistjx street; open until 9:30 o'el?ck.
615 Parkin street, open v "1 9:31 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
J261 Market street, corner Sixt-enth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh strppt: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
i;OS Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 1) o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— «
Officers and members are hereby not '■-^B\--
fled to attend the funeral of our de- }KJ\
ceased brother. SEEL B. LYONS . ' ?*V
from the hall of the lodge, TO DAY (THURS-
DAY). at 1:30 p. m. By order of the' W. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I' and A. a
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _,/%_
EVENING, April 28. at 7:30 o'clock. J&J\.
Third degree. By order of the Master. ' > ,
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary..
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212, F. and A. M. meets THIS EVEN- -ft
ING, at 7:30 o'clock, for third degree. /\J\
By order of the Master. ' ~ i;
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116, I. O. v^*rffc~
O. F.— The officers and members : S23asiiF
of the funeral committee of Ger- : =?¥%S*t^-
mania Lodge No. 116, I. O. 0.F., -■""•
: are hereby notified to assemble In the Odd
Fellows Hall on THURSDAY, April 28, 1898,
at 1:30 p. m. sharp, to attend the funeral of
our late brother EMANUEL BERAN. By
order of the lodge.
LEOPOLD M. FABRY, N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER, Rec. Sec. -■ .
ABOU BEN AHDEM L Iga No. <g^S^^
112; I. O. O. F.— All members re-
quested to attend Initiation TO- -s£~
NIGHT. C. J. SPEAR. Sec. '««*
THE officers and members of the ••^cgMte.- I
funeral committee of Walhalla
Rebekah Lodge No. ISO, I. O. O. ~ l^SS^?~
F., will please assemble at their
■ .hall on FRIDAY, April 29,. at 1 p. m., to at-,
tend the funeral •of our . beloved sister,
FREDERIKA KOCH.
ANNA DABELSTEIN, N. G.
C. UHLIG, Fltr. Sec." *
UNITY Lodge, K. of p.. will confer ,A»
the Knight Rank (long form) on two •- /JA
esquires on THURSDAY EVENING, H^C-K; ,
April 28, at Pythian Castle. 903 4EaT/
Market st. All Knights are cordially invited
to attend. G. M. HAUPT, C. C.
L. W. GATES, K. of R. and S.
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle v C 7 >,
Club meets THIS (THURSDAY) 3V, f\ . 7- 7
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 •&Slx£
O'Farrell st., at 8 o'clock. The reg- *fesi3t
ular monthly "smoker" follows. Tickets for
the annual "Tattle and Herrin' " auup.'r to
be held Saturday evening, April 3). • IS9S,
will txf distributed. W. A. DAWSON,
Royal Chief.
■ GEORGE W. PATERSON, Recorder.
UNDER the auspices of the Knights of -'
the Red Branch, the twenty-ninth an- &j>
nual picnic and reunion of the Irish a7(rj4
Nationalists of California will be held I»J* s '
at Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on next
Sunday, May 1. On this occasion the danc-
ing and games will be much more attractive
than ever before. The be- Jig and reel danc-
ers on the coast will compete for valuable
prizes. " THE COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May, i!>ss. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the
purpose of electinc a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY, April 29. at 3 o'clock p. m.
I. 11. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing' out underwear, hosiery,
cloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
MISS L. DEAN has removed to 917 Market St.,
parlors 11 and 12; Turkish baths, manicuring.
ANNA RAY. PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 211 O'Farrell st.
ATA INK HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
■ baths. lj',^ Turk and HIS. Market, rms. 15-16.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION '<
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room C; tel. 5580.
MISS R. DUVAL, Just from the East; expert
.. chiropodist and manicure. Rooms 2 and 3, 1
223 Post st.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths. ]
116 A Grant aye., room 17. ■■■-■'.
MRS, DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter st.; 2d floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. 343
Third st. and 3808 Twenty-fourth. ■.-.•■
RAY FAIR, magnetic healer and card reader.
20S O'Farrell st., room 2. j
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
. baths 120V4 Geary st., room 11..
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10, second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage : baths.
2ls"Kearny st., room 2. * .
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh st.—
V.'ant ad? and subscriptions taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND N> 'TICE— DT\Td~end~~N ; o."so~~(fffty
cents per shore) of. the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company ,*327 Market st., on and after Mon- |
day, May 2, tfSB. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. April 26, ISSS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. II SHELDON. - Secretary. '
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
AT the- Swedish and German Employment
Bureau a ' number : of first-class girls await
situations. 3 German cooks, $20 to $23; a neat
German houseglrl. $20; 3 Swedish housegirls.
. $25; 4 Swedish housegirls nt $15 each; German
.girl to assist In housework, $12: a first-class
Swedish second girl, $20; 2 German second
girls, $15 to $20; a nurse girl, $12 to $15; a neat
Spanish girl to assist, $10; a first-class
laundress; these girls have the best of ctty
references. Call, or telephone to MRS. NOR-
TON. Mi telephone Green, 72l.. .
SCANDINAVIAN cook and second girl with 4
years' reference ; desires situation. ,J. P.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutler .st.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress desires situation by
the day. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter . St. ..:
RELIABLE . young • German . woman wishes a
. . place to do housework \ where she can take
her child 3 years old; wages $10 to $12 month.
■•'Call or address 180^ Ninth st.
YOUNG girl; fishes to do light : housework.
I lease ; call 524 Shot-well st.
SITUATIONS XV ANTED— Continued.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman, thor-
oughly-trustworthy, wishes a position as
housekeeper, or to take charge of house
while the parties are absent. X, box 1674.
Call office.
WANTED— By a young girl a place as nurse
girl and upstairs work; wages $15; no postal*.
Address MISS M. HEATH, 252 Tenth St., San
Francisco.
LADY of experience as housekeeper or as gov-
erness ar.d care of young ■ children; mu&i'c:
city or country; references exchanged. E.
A.. Box 1575. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes position as working
housekeeper, with one child; wajjes $12 to $15;
country or city. Twenty-second and Dolores,
bakery.
YOUNG woman, with 2-year-old baby wishes
situation in the country to do plain house-
work. Address 323 Devlsadero st.
STRONG elderly woman wfrshes a position as
housekeeper or housework and cooking- city or
country; small wages. Box 1641, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY German widow wants house-
keeper's position; small family; no objectlo-n
to country; no cards answered. Box 1571. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires position In hotel
restaurant or boarding house: wages not less
than $S a week: age 33. Address box 1639, Call
DRESSMAKER, understands cutting and fit-
ting, wishes work in families or will take
work home. Apply 623 Howard st.
AN experienced designer and dressmaker de-
sires dros.^making In families, $2 a day. Box
1576. Call office.
AN English girl wishes situation to do sec-
ond work in private family; good references.
1103 Pierce st.
. YOUNG woman wants situation to do cooking
I anc! housework: has good reference; city or
country. Call 904 Laguna st. ; wages $20.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In light
housework; no washing. Call at 327 Clemen-
tina st.
WANTED— Work by a pianist and pipe organ-
ist. Hex 1677. Ca.ll office.
YOT"NG woman would like position as seam-
stress or to do second work. 101 Eddy st.
WOMAN wishes situation In city or country
good cook and do general housework. Box
1646, Call Office.
101 no woman would like to do darning or
plain mending at home. Call or address 1316
Vallejo Ft.
MIDDLE-AGED German girl wishes any kind
of work by the day, $1 and car fare. CaJl for
2 days at 41S Sixth st. .
COMPETENT woman for general housework
and cook. Call for 2 days, S2SA Howard st..
COMPETENT girl desires position to do up-
stalrs work and waiting; best reference.
Please call 025 Harrison St.; no postals.
COMPETENT person want;; situation as nurse;
• excellent reference. Call at former employ-
er's. 2600 Jackson st.
NO lady, good stenographer, typewriter or
assistant bookkeeper, desires position; salary
J*. per week; best of references. Address box-
16?F, Call.
NEAT young rlrl wishes to assist in light
housework. Call bet. 2 and 4, -326 Devisa-
dero, cor. Oak.
RKsri:<TAl;l.l-: young girl wishes a situa-
tion to nssi.st in general housework. Ad-
■ drees Girard House, 142 Seventh st.
<:i:i;MAN woman would like position at day
w;rk; can do almost anything. Box 1664,
1 ':!ll office.
GIRL wishes situation for housework. Call
26 - Mission st.. near Twenty-second.
I RESPECTABLE girl for second work and sew-
. ing or chamber-work and care for children;
no postals. Apply at 1816VL. Post st.
YOUNG t.lrl v.dul.l. like to take care of child;
Is good seamstress. Address 203 Surrey st.
RELIABLE refined person,- German, wants
situation as working housekeeper. Box 1653,
Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes housework and plain cook-
ing. 42S Clementina st.
DRESSMAKER will go out by the day or work
taken in at lir.inc .'.y.t Turk st.
WANTED— Washing, Ironing or house-clean-
ing by the day; good reference. MRS. M. E.
JENSEN, 15 Minna £t.
C 27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Op«n until 9:33
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subsciip-
ttor" nnd wurit eds taken.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.,*t;4U Clay'st.
CHINESE ajid Japanese emplovtrc/H offlca;
best help. 414 I .A O'Farrell si.: tei. East 426.
JAPANI-.SE. Chin st; Employm'' Office; choice
help: tel Grant . r .~ Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- St.
MIDDLE-AGED man. since many years con'
nected with the management of lodging-
houses and thoroughly trustworthy, wants
employment; references given. Address box I
1674, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German; understands garden-
ing, care of horses, milk: long' experience In
raising poultry: private place preferred; best
references. Address C. S., C3l Sacramento st.
POSITION wanted by first-class stenographer
and bookkeeper; good references; 2 years' ex-
perience. Box 1658, Call office.
YOUNG man of 20 wishes a position In private
family; can . milk and understands horses;
best of references. Address R. M., Lorin. Cal.
YOUNG man to attend to horses or drive a
bakery wagon; Mission preferred; with ref-
erences. Box 1684, Call office.
GARDENER— A first-class gardener, with good
references, wishes a steady situation. Gar-
dener, box 1637, Call office.
MAN find wife imiddle-aged) want' positions on
a chicken ranch: good fruit-grower and wine-
maker; wife Eood cook, also first-Class
needlewoman; good references. Box 1666,
Call I 'nice.
CARPENTER; general workman; has a good
chest of tools; well recommended; city or
country. Call or address Carpenter, 164S Mis-
sion St., In the rear.
COOK, good all around, first baker and pastry
cook, wants situation, city, country or steam-
ship, by Ist of May. E., box 1675, Call.
MAN and wife want situations as cooks In
boarding house; city or country. Box 1607,
Call Office.
GOOD plain waiter desires steady position. In-
quire at room 22, New Atlantic Hotel, 207
Montgomery aye.
YOUNG man wants work; handy at paper
hanging, painting, whitening: city or coun-
try; will work reasonable. Box 1648, Call.
SITUATION as Janitor by first-class painter
and paper-hanser: used to general jobbing
work. H. 8.. Frultvale P. O.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober young man wishes posi-
tion as coachman; eood driver and handy
around place; city or country. Box 171S, Call.
GOOD Japanese cook; eight years' experience;
no wash. B. A., box 11. Cnll office, Oakland.
JAPANESE, good cook, with wife, wishes any
kind of steady work; city or country. Ad-
dress T. TAGUCHI, 1 Chatham place.
TO Architects— Position wanted as clerk of
works or superintendent: 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314. Call office.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
WINCHESTER House. 44 ihird St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $150 to $S
week; convenient .n<l respectable: fre« 'bus
and "ragcrngp to nnrl from fer y.
HELP AY ANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT, middle-aged woman ' for ranch, $15;
heusework RirJs, etc. MT'RRAY & READY.
LeaSing Employment Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
WOMAN with a child, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter St.
NEAT young ' girt, 2 In family, $12; no cook-
ing or washing. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS, small bakery. $15, sleep home.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIKST-CLASS manageress, laundry, city ho-
tel understands marking, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St..
HOUSEWDRIt, San Rafael. $25: Mill Valley,
$25, and other towns. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ti r st.
CLEANING woman. Institution, $1S; maid,
same place. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK, country. $30; second girl, same house,
$25: 15 housework girls, city and country. $20
and $25; 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
('UI.I.EN. 32", Sutter st.
REFINED girl, country light housework. $15.;
3 months. MTSS CULLEN. 828 Sutterjst.
GERMAN nurse. Portland, 1 child. $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
UIDDLE-AGBD I'rotrstant woman, ranch, $15,
fare raid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, $15. 'MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter et.
PRi 'TEPTANT second girl and sew, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German or Frencli second girl and
sew, $30. Miss CULLEN, W Batter st.
REFINED German or French nursery govern-
ess, $25, country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID and sew, private family. $20;
laundress. «30. MISS CULLEN, SSS Butter.
BECOND pirl, $20; 3 houteglrig, $20 to $2.",;
r<">k, $25, country: Gorman Rirl. 2 in family,
$20; Irish housegirl, $20; nurse, $20; young
girl, light work, $12: U boaaeglrw, HO to $25,
and a number of young girls tor light house-
work. $10 to. $15. MHS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
3 WAITRESSES, nice country hotel, south, $20
and fare paid; waitress, north, $20 and fare
paid; waitress, MarysvHle, $22 50; 2 wait-
resses, city. $2*l; 2 waitresses, $6; 3 waitresses,
■ $5; waitress, nmall place, $1. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
FOREWOMAN for hotel laundry: one who can
do marking; $36 and found; see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 SHIRT, cuff and collar ironers for Van-
couver, B. C, $30 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
25 GOOD housegirls for our city and country
orders. $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FOR country, cook and second girl, same
house, $30 and $2.1: second girl and seamstress.
$25: girW for cooking and houwwork. Snnta
Rosa. $25; Alameda, $20 and $25; Calistoga,
$2u; Heaklsburg. $2u; San Anseimo, &»; Ger-
man or Scandinavian cook, small hotel, $30,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter St.
THREE German, French and Protestant sec-
ond girls, $20 and $2:".; German maid for
grown children. $25; 3 cooks. $30; 2 restaur-
ant cooks, $7 and $S week: 7 waitresses and
chambermaids, $18. $20 and $5 week; kitcnen
helper, $15, and a iarg-e number of girls
for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter st.
S GERMAN cooks, $30. $25; 4 German second
girls, $20, $25; young Swedish or German
laundress, $25; same house, second girl. $20; 2
German nursery governessess, city and coun-
try, $25: 10 girls of all nationalities for house-
work, $15, $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
LADIES' Select Exchange, managed exclu-
sively by ladles: strictly confidential in Its
operations; situations secured for teachers,
governesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks,
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses; member-
ships Issued. Including all commercial posi-
tions; Investigate. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' Commercial Employment Exchange;
strictly first-class; 25 years' experience in
the largest business centers; modern in all
departments. 3:3 Bush st.
300 LADY members, united for mutual pro-
tection, each assisting the other to secure
lucrative employment. 313 Bush st.
LADIES looking for select positions should
call or address 313 Bush st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid for resort near
city, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
WAJ.'TED-A competent young .girl for general
housework, wages $20. Apply bet. 10 and 12
a. m. at 21H Central aye., bet. Clay and
Washington.
NEAT young girl for general housework; good
plain cook; American family. 1241 Leaven-
worth st. Apply between lv and 12 a. m.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged German or Jewish
woman for bakery and light housework; ref-
erence. Apply at 132 Fourth st.
WANTED— Good German cook for Mill Valley,
$20, under 35 years. 927 Market' St., room
516, 10 to 2.
WANTED— German girl, bakery, light house-
work; wages $15. Cor. Turk and Hyde.
OPERATOR wanted at once on pants. 1273
Ellis.
GIRL wanted .to learn dressmaking. 2130
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— GirI, light housework In San
Leandro, small family; $12. 35 Sixth st.
GIRL to help with baby. 3tS Duncan st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Call 11
Sixth st.
GIRL for general housework, light washing;
$12 to $15. 720 Fourteenth st., above- Church.
GIRL wanted to assist In general housework.
737 McAllister st., near Octavla.
WAITRESS. $20; 3 nurseglrls, $12 and $15; 10
girls for housework and assist. 631 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; wages $8.
Apply at store, corner of Treat aye. and
Twenty-fifth st.
WANTED— Young lady cook, mining camp.
Address W. S., box 1656, Call office.
YOUNG girl for housework; no cooking. Call
forenoon, 1628 Sutter st. •
GOOD seamstress wanted at 2730 Twenty-fourth
st. Call at once.
GlRLS— Operators, finishers and apprentices
for children's coats. Apply 14 Sansome, r. 51.
WANTED— Finishers on military coats. 560
Fourth st., near Brannan.
GOOD girl wanted for general housework. 731
Green st., near Mason.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market St., room 7,
from 2 to 3 p. in.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1020 Market
st.; monthly troubles,' etc.. cured at once.
LKARN dressmaking and' millinery: positions
free: patterns 25c. - McDOWKLL'B. 103 Po«t.
HELP WANTED—
a~~~"~^ wXn^ed~tchd ay.
12 cooks •• — — 9 waiters
1 ironer 5 dishwashers
2 bakers ; « — 2 bartenders
2 pantry ■ — -3 can seamers
1 carpenter : 10 farm hands
20 woodchoppers — — -. — — lineman for a barge
2 stablemen. $31 — ■ 10 laborers, city
1 farmer and wife; see boss here — choreboys
3 ranch choremenn 1 bootblack
Man to purify champagne 36 tiemakers
and many other places, at MURRAY &
READY'S. The above positions, range from
$1.1 to ?Ss'iv*r month and found; if you want
work come and see us. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636
Clay st. - . ■ . .
TO - THE GREAT — RAILROADS
65 laborers and teamsters wanted to-day; call
early. MURRAY & READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A GREAT WAR ■ called them to duty
Employers cf help- — -*- :
As many of your employees have or will be
called to fight for our great and glorious
country, the United States of America, their
places must temporarily be fillet.. We shall
be very pleased to supply you with first-class
help' "free of charge." Please remember we
s*nt seventeen thousand (17.000) men to dif-
ferent places in California during 1597.
MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 630 Clay St.; telephone Main 5543."
GERMAN cook. German style, hotel, $S0; cook,
small hotel, city, $35; cook, small country ho-
tel. $30, fare advanced, see party here: oys-
terman, dishwasher, country hotel, $20 and
fare advanced; cook, $40. C. R. HANSEN ft
CO., 104 Gear}' Bt.
SWANSON. the laundry washer, wanted. C.
' R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COACHMAN, With reference?, $30 and found;
Indoor servant who can wait, $25; references.
C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MILKKR, $2f.; Swiss milker for 8 cows, and do
some gardening around an Institution, $20 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
POTTERY molders on white ware; wheel-
wright, $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
FORTY laborers for railroad work, for two
different Jobs, we ship to-day. $1 75 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
THIRTY 2-horse teamsters for grading work
new camp, $1 75 a day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.,- 104 Geary st.
TEN railroad laborers, $1 60 a day. C R
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. '
KITCHEN steward for a hotel, country. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT head waiter for a flrst-class ho-
tel. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
THREE ironers for country hotel, $30. C R
• HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN confectioner for a shop; $70 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Man and wife to do the kitchen
work of nice small country hotel. $50; restau-
rant waiter, country restaurant, $3-1; oyster
opener, $35. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— M achinlst for country-: quartz
miner, $50 and board: vegetable gardener for
resort. S2O; 2 men to work about nursery. $20;
4 laborers. $1 75 day. and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Dairyman, small private dairy. $25;
3 milkers, $20; 3 farm hands. $15 and J2O;
cook, small ranch. $15: choreman for private
place in city, JlO per month; waiter, country
hotel. $25, far? advanced; German cook,
small summer resort, $35 to $40; dishwasher*
and others. W. Eft EWER & CO , 626 Clay.
WANTED— Waiter, restaurant. $36; waiter,
coffee house. $30; waiter for small country
place $30; German cook, $60; cook for laun-
dry. $20; washer, $30; Ironer. $30: German boy
for hotel. $10, etc. ANDRE'S 31G Stockton.
COOK, boarding-house, $60; German hotel cook.
$40; waiter, boarding house, $25; German .gar-
dener, $25: earpenteV, $2 50 a day; ship calk-
ers, coal miners, painter, $25; man about
place. $15. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S-GlO Ciay.
REPORT— Registrations, male department.. 4So
Registrations, female department 2*o
770 members; 1002 orders: 500 at work; 25
year:! established; has opened and operated
125 offices; England. Canada and United
States. Clerks'. Association, 313 Bush st.
HEADQUARTERS the only membership com-
mercial employment bureau on the Pacific
Coast. Sl3 Bush st.
13\~> IN 6 months: evidence of popularity, hon-
esty, system. The Clerks' Association, exclu-
sively commercial. 313 Busti st.
MEMBERSHIPS only; weekly benefits when
out ■of work after 3 months; investigate.
Clerks' Association (Incorporated). 313 Bush.
OFFICE clerks, assistants, bookkeepers, time-
keepers, hotel clerks, traveling salesmen,
drivers, porters, find paying, steady positions.
313 Bush st.
ISS MEMBERS plve written Indorsement to
Clerks' Exchange to-day. 313 Bush st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
1023 Headquarters for hotel, restau-
rant and shop positions; investigate.
1023 MARKET— Cooks, waiters, butlers, carv-
ers, porters, packers' headquarters.
1023 MARKET— Reorganized; the best is the
cheapest; employment for men and women.
LAUNDRYMAN and marker, $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
BOY to help wait on table, $10 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. _
BOY to drive wagon, $m and found, near city.
HOTEL GAZETTE 420 Kearny st.
MAN in wine house as barkeeper; understands
mixing drinks; act Indoor salesman, one
being working in this line of business, with
good, steady references: German speaking
preferred. Box 1640. Call office.
i WANTED— Upright persons to travel: salary
$7SO and expenses; references: inclose -ad-
dressed stamped envelope. THE DOMINION
COMPANY. Chicago.
LADIES' tailor; must be first-class workman:
good wages. Apply Emporium Dressmak-
ing Department.
WANTED— Waiter, .at 145 Taylor st.
WANTED— men at 506 Market st., room
40; good wages. ':'./: '. J i
BARBER wanted; short hours; good wages.
! 1326 Pacific aye., Ba. m.
WANTED— An errand-boy. 935 Market st.,
room 12.
COOK wanted. 1443 Harrison st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
bathrooms. 120 Geary st.
UPHOLSTERERS wanted.. Apply The Chicago
Bed Chair Co., 1463 (formerly 1177) Market st.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs, 2 baths. Central Cal-
ifornia, for sale, exchange; no Sunday work.
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st. -
YOUNG man from 16 to IS years for locksmith
and electrical work, with some experience
and German preferred, at 3011 Sixteenth St.,
near Mission • .
WANTED— A domestic dry goods salesman
for Sacramento. Apply from 2 to 3 p. m..
No. £23 Market st, room 7.
■ - — — — — — — — —~—— — — — —
WANTED — to work on commission:
privilege of buying shop given. Call at 501
O'Farrell st.
GOOD waiter wanted 106 Second st.
STRONG young man with some experience In
pants pressing. 47 Third st.
OLD gardener- to work 2 hours day. 30 Hanna
St., Berkeley train, Oakland.
BARBER wanted; steady place. In 5-cent shav-
ing parlor, at 408 Sixth St., Oakland.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tha
. United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be 'of good character and habits and able to
speak, read -and write English, end be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tcl. South 625.
BARBER shop for sale. 908% Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 2.".c a night; reading, room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec. 22 > Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 135^ Eighth st. v
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c. and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75? and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
• WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a. night: $1 a week.
600 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling. 35c. 359 Howard st.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS attention — The war is on and every-
one wants the History of Our Navy, by
. John R. Spear; over 400 illustrations: sold on
fiOc monthly payments: including one year's
free subscription to- Scrlbner's Magazine.
Call or • write, Scribner s Magazine, 119-121
Phelan Bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
EXPERIENCED solicitor: slaple article: can
Invest in business if desired. Box 1642, Call.
LADIES and -gents to canvas for "The Rent
Saver" salary. The Chicago Parlor Bed
Chair Co., 14C3 Market st.
WANTED— for coal oil. Apply F.
' B. Joyce Oil Co., Seventh and King sts.
j DO you want employment? Call or . address
LEFFLER. 323 O'Farrell ft.. 7 to 9 a. m,
PARTNERS WANTED.
$2500 — Partner for wholesale and manufactur-
ing business: energetic business man. Ad-
dress Box 1676, Call Office.
~ FURNITURE WANTED.
1 HIGHEST prices to nil new building. 840 Mls-
ilon st. ; te!. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st.: highest prices paid. TVI. Davl» 71.
ROOMS WANTED.
• WANTED— To rent small front room, German
family. T-. box 1572, Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — Room and board for father and t
children in respectable family: no other chil-
dren; with yard: near Howard or Mission,
bet. Fourth and Fifth. Box 1661, Call.
WANTED— A room or board for piano lessons.
Box 1577. Call office.
miscellaneous^
WANTED— young crows. T. M. FERGU-
SON, 719 Market st.
Second-hand tank and windmill.
Address box R. , West Berkeley.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and ?G per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights oprn same easy
payments and some good plan* a for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. '
ABSOLUTELY the oldest end Irrgest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 28 and 30 O'FarreH st. Pianos, organs
and all cxher musical instruments of all
trades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM] ~ NEW NUMBER.
new GOODS. NEW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
orlces can not be equaled In San Francisco.
BCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO. £60 Hayes st.
AN up to date concert, day and night, all
week at Twenty-fourth and Mission. East
Oakland. Lorin, and at Hockett Bros.' Co.,
"Crown" agents, 230 Post st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100: a dickering for
$30 examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 333 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauzy Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
$400 UPRIGHT for $150; party leaving on the
Ist. Room 25, 1021 Van Ness aye. ■
A FINE Chase Bros, and a Steinway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
st., flat No. 1. -■-• . . ■
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister.
St.. next Hibcrnia Bank. SCHMITZ.
HORNUNG's new scale pianos: an unpre-
cedented success. ; 216 McAllister st. •
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAI9 MUSIC CO.. 7f» Market st.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; J2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis rt. >
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: t. new scale; .ew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. " ,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old :.nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, . 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to ■■ any address in the - United
-V; PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. ODO. NELL. and residency
1206 Market: diseases of : . women a specialty.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at. -m INESS CHANCES.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; aver-
age receipts $>'; nice living rooms; rent $15:
etand fullest investigation: trial given; own<r
leaving city. WILKE, 753 Market st.
ADJUSTABLE window shade holder— Are now
fully prepared to sell State rights on the
most reasonable terms; this has no opposi-
tion; sells at sight; highly appreciated and
recommended by the leading people of the
United States and Canada; write at once
and get your choice of. States. .WILKE, 753
Market St.
KM— PARTNER wanted in old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Claus
Spreckels building! the best offer for the
right party; clour profit $160 per month guar-
anteed. See WH.KK. 783 Market st.
$750— THE best located restaurant on Market
- St., doing a first-class paying business; rent
$S5; .other business compels owner to sell;
a rare chance. WILKE. 753 Market st.
$1800— SALOON: only day business; choicest lo-
cation in this city; rent $40; daily receipts
$22; large stock: fine fixtures; owner com-
pelled to leave the city at once. Particulars
_ WILKE. 753 Market et.
A— s6o chance, If taken up to-day; fine branch
bakery, fruit, notions and candy store, at
biggest transfer point of city; on Sundays
and holidays 12,0i0 to 15,000 people change
cars there; nothing to equal this in market;
want some one who knows a good thing when
he sees It. M. LESS, 763 Market St.. opposite
Phelan building.
$250— CORNER cigar store; neat place; excel-
lent location: receipts $300 to $350 per month;
positive proof; death owner causes sacrifice.
M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$75— SALOON: good location; south of Market;
4 living rooms; rent $10; must be sold at once;
owner going north; bargain. M. LESS. 765
Market at.
$100— PAYING cigar store, stationery, notions;
5 living rooir.s; rent $20; Invoice value of
stock $135; Investigate; satisfy yourself. M.
LESS. 765 Market st
$360— BARBER shop; Western Addition; 3
chairs; rent $30; business an stock would
Justify Investment of $500; proof furnish/ 1
through trial. M. LESS, 763 Market St.
$250— PAYING provision store; 3 furnished
rooms; tine location; big outside route; horse
and wagon; genuine bargain. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
$300— 1'AltTNER wanted in saloon on principal
street, near Market; good-paying buslne.-s
must be sober man; trial allowed. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
A— KREDO 4- CO., Successful Brokers. 22Vk
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
Grocery and bar; fine cor.; living rooms.
Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$323 — Combination store; grocery; restaurant,
furnished flat.
$500 — Stationery, books, Call and laundry
office.
$2mV) — Florist and -nursery; 2 acres under glass.
$2100— Bookblndery: best equipped on coast.
J43oo— Steam laundry; plant and buildings.
$700— Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$6000— MEDICAL Mfg Inc.; 25.000 shares; par
value $1; large salary for right man; value
In btock. KREDO & CO.. Z2V4 Geary st.
$<:,<*— BF.PT shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears $160. KREDO & CO.. :. ,- Geary.
$325— Hotel $10 rooms; dining-room and bar: 30
steady boarders. KRBDG .*. CO., 22Vi Geary.
$250 — Pork and delicacy; 3 living-rooms; cheap
rent: good business. KREDO & CO., -- .
Geary st.
$400— RESTAURANT: half price; leaving for
Klondike. McLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st.
$230— BRANCH bakery and variety store: bar-
gain: this day. McLACOHLIN & CO., 23
Kearr.y st.
MEXICO.
LANDS in . tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, SUgar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc. ; large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 78 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
A— sSPO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted: commission business^
; -Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$i:.n— STEADY man with small capital; profit-
able investment In cash business; good se-
curity. Box i:73, Call.
FOR SALE— Bakery and confectionery; well
estabilshnii and paying business. Box 1630,
Call office. *
$85— LAUNDRY route, horse, wagon, etc. must
lie sold this week. Apply 2582 Sixteenth st.
FOR sale— Tailor shop of the late J. R. SUND-
BERO. 32Hi Geary st.. room 42.
BARBER shop for sale;' established 9 years.
Apply at 103 Eddy ft.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted; $1S to $30 a week
each; no previous experience required. S>
Geary St., room 2.-, ;
$3(KP-Ri:STAURANT: a sacrifice account of
sickness; receipts $30; Investigate. Call office.
CORWER saloon, good location, on account
"thf-r business; reasonable. Albany Brewery.
PARTNER In a good manufacturing business;
capital required, from $3000 to $10,000. full
amount to be Invested In the business;- every-
thing ready to operate; open to fullest Inves-
tigation. Address Manufacturer, box 1713,
Call office.
SUCCESSFUL and long-established plumbing
business offered for sale; food opportunity
for one or more parties; good reason for sell-
Ing and rrice asked Is all in sight in up-to-
date stock; principals only need apply. Box
1712. Call.
PAYING, grocery; fresh stock: fixtures, horse,
wagon; doing good cash business; satisfactory
reasons for Felling; price $800; sell by inven-
tory; good Investment. J. P. JOHNSTON &
CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Restaurant on street car line; a
bargain. Inquire at 753 Market st.. basement.
• GOOD paying grocery business; living rooms In
rear; bargain. Apply Call office.
$160 invested actually earns 35 _>er cent .weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise: control capital your-
self. D.Sloane. 110 St. Paul st.. Baltimore.
LARGE cor. saloon opp. factory; present owner
here 10 years; retiring from business; receipts
$12 a day; can be Increased. 1121 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— Small manufacturing business;
the only one on the coast; 200 customers'
small capital. 515 Eighth st .. Oakland.
TO LET— Old established corner store with
fixtures for grocery and bar. Twelfth and
Folsom sts.
BUSINESS or partnership wanted where »er-
vlces and $50 will be useful. Box 1668, Call.
REFINED gentleman desires a lady partner
.In established business. Box 1630. Call Office.
$600 to $1000; city lots to exchange for business
or property. Box 1537. Call office.
HALF Interest In millinery store: bargains for
right party. Box 1578, Call office.
GOOD hydraulic mine; work year round- fully
equipped. Box 1344, Call oflice.
SALOON tor sale; $130. 427 4th st.
ANTED ~ In good town, 71 to 150 miles from
Ban Francisco, well-located hotel of 40 or
more rooms. Address box 1692, Call office.
AN old-established business; doing a large
business;, clears $200 to $230 per month; thor-
ough Investigation. Box 1691, Call office.
TO let— Completely furnished 10- room house
beer garden and family resort. MRS. BOCK-
ELMANN. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
WANTED— Good hand or small steam laundry*
Oakland or Berkeley. Box 1690. Call office.
FOR SALE— HaIf Interest In blacksmith shop"'
party must be a Christian. 205 Eichth st.
OLD corner grocery and bar fixtures complete
rent $2a. Appply Hlbernla brewery.
WHOLESALE grocers' quotations wanted. Ad-
drees box 1627. Call office.
C lnd P £i?>'j!fe a ' c at 2706 Twenty-fourth St.
.more.
F Uf5. **}°" Ml front for woman or man.
I artlculars National Brewery.
I VALUABLE mother lode mining claims for
_ sale or exchange. Suite 169. Grana Hotel.
$1200-IMPROVLD placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer;
mob i5 Cior^C i 0r^n reasonB for selling. Address box
3&oo t C 3.11 OXIlCft. V
$100— BRANCH bakery and notion store: 3 fur-
nished living rooms, bath room, stationary
waehtubs; large yard; rent $12; party going
East; must sell this week. 23b2 Folsom st.
SALOON for sale, on account of leaving city;
rent $20. 42 Spear st.
FRUJT store, good trade, transfer corner, for
Ba)o. 2622 Mission st . cor. Twenty-second.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose.;
fine location; must "be sold. Address S., care
of Call agency. San Jose.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls: old-
established; rent reasonable. 2622-MlKSlon It
PATENTS— SMITH ft OSBORN. Regist'd Pat.
Agents; established ISC2. 31!) Pine st., city.
C/VmSK and tea routes supplied from GEO.
TV. CASWKLL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento ■-•
LOOGi;... UOUk^s run SALE.
A— KREPO & CO.. successful brokers! 22%
Geary st. .
110 rooms: safe Investment: clears $230..
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient........ 2000
16 room Market: central; all fu11.:...: . 700
10 rooms; Kills: new- and good..' .- 326
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent......' 200
Hundreds of others at your own price/ ,<
28~-ROOM house; worth $1600; price $475
17-rooms house, in payments ....
46 rooms; sunny corner....: 1500
18 rooms; corner house; new and good.. 1800
17-room house; rent $35; clears ISO — ..,350
38-room house; clears $100; $500 cosh.... 1000
10-room house; new and good; Ellis st — ■ 850
H. C. DECKER & CO.. 1020 Market St.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE of IS rooms, well fur-
nJ*h>>d and full of roomers. 126 Sixth st.
' BUSINESS PERSONALS.
THE unprecedented success of my additional
balconies - may force ■• more Improvements;
halrdresslng. 25c; good switches, $1: best,
finest quality, $3 60; extra heavy, long, $5;
open Sundays from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER,
111 Stockton st. .
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove nigs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at' lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
Jsc to $1 10 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
. free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic possesses a marvelous
power; harmless. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
THE Ladles' Barber-shop has removed from
352 Third st. to 316 Third. .
FLESH reduced, natural process; lady and
gentleman attendant. O. S., box 1734, Call.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, lIS Grant ay.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st. Oakland. Ca.l.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. , 20 Bansome st.
SUITS to order on " easy Installments. .L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MMR. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses, |
$3 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., j rm. 86. |
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' • French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she |
will reveal every hidden nr stery in life: she \
will show you how to overcome your enemies, |
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- i
tions: unites the separate, recovers' lost, I
stolen or burled — -operty: locates treasures, I
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present |
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours j
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar- I
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
Special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms j
25 and 2«, 120*3 Mar St., opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalrv. : sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist: card-reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St.,
room 10^ . |
MME. MOREAU. ..best medium and card-
reader: 25c tip; German spoken, 73 Fourth st.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by planets;
predicted "74" overdue str.- I3H Sixth, rm. 6.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- i
band's picture, 23c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st. !
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to j
all questions: L.. 25c; G..' Me; no sign. 3 7th. j
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; I business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro- j
fession: never fills: advice: -><>ir> ■$ Post. •
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing: test circle to-
night, 10c. 60." McAllister st.; fine music.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.: read-
ings $1; cir. Tues.. Fri.. S p. m.: Sat., 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st. : old No. 219.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium .
sittings dally. 123H Sixth St.. room 14.
M. FRANCES. Independent 6late-wrltlng me-
dium. lIS Halght st. ".
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402H Geary", hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
FURNITURE FO.i SALE.
ON account of breaking" up housekeeping will ;
pell entire household furniture very cheap,
consisting, of parlor, dining-room and kitchen
furniture. 22268 Geary St.; call in the fore-
noon until 1 o'clock. .
FOR SALE at a bargain, furniture of 5-roomc
cottage; complete for housekeeping. 1412
Jackson St., from Ito 5. . -
4 ROOMS; ,$150; a bargain; flat to jet. 22%-
Oak st. '•
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
■subscriptions and ads taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
PASSENGERS direct to Alaskan gold fields -A
mining company, owning, their river steam- !
boat and having chartered the schooner Dora
Bluhm. to sail from San Francisco -May 5. ;
will take a few passengers dlre<Jt to the Alas- '
•fcan-gold fields. For all particulars call- on
W. E: CLOW, Palace Hote). between 8 and
10 a. m.. and 1 and 2. or 7 and 9 p. m.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers and '
i good men at general work who are going to" j
I Duwson.can on the way up work out $130 of i
their fair, via Pt. Michael: leave -May 1. Ap-" !
ply The Gold Star Co., Mills building. S. F.
VERY cheap . passage lor man and wife to i
. Dawson City; some work. Box 1654, Call.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson *>ti I
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and ;
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Slitter st.
He USES.
I FOR SALE— Horses; small pet mule, suitable
for children, only $10. 3263 Mission st. •
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagops, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses must sell. Emporium sales :
yards, 220 Valencia St., T. P. NEVILE.- '
40 HORf- 3 for sal»; also- wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction ua'.es every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers. ;
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeys
for pale cheap. Horan's Yds.. 10th & Bryan t.'
JUST arrived— horse*, mules, burros. 721
Howard Ft.: auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
2 FINE laundry •wagons; cash or installments. .
! 1631 Mission st. ■
£.' I-;<"IAL sale of harness and vehicles.. Ll<-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap,
for rash or Installment*: 1 fine top t>nd open
buggy: also 1 hack. 823- Harrison »t.
FOR SALE—MISCELLANEOUS.
NOTICE to physicians— The office fixtures. In-
cluding library and surgical instruments, be- ;
longing to the estate of ; the late DR. ED-
WARD PARSON, and now contained In
rooms 24 and 26. Phelan building, aro for
sale. Bids or offers for the same will be re- :
ceived up to May 2, 1898. at the office of the
undersigned. A. C. FREESE, administrator
of the estate of EDWARD PARSON, de- i
ceased, at room 86, Chronicle building,' where i
■ full information In regard to the same can be j
obtained. ■ A. G. F...EESE, c neclal Adminis-
trator of the estate, of EDWARD PARSON,
deceased. ' . " • , •
TWO young St. Bernard dogs cheap. UOl Grove
street. - "_
UPRIGHT piano: good condition;. ss down,
$4 per month. 225 Sutter st. '
SCHOONER yacht tot sale; cheap; 25-ton. II."
BRAND. 631 -Ellis St. • . . ■
FOR BALE— Brand new furniture: 6 rooms: ex-
cell-nt bargain. Call 2 to 5, 3103H Buchanan."
A NEW $350 Decker . os. upright piano for
sale cheap at UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
LARGE dog suitable for Alaska. 255 Jessie st.
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month;
for sale cheap. 2551 8 Market st. -
SINGER sewing machine, 7. drawers, oak fin-
ish, nearly new; cheap. 1915 Mission st. '.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material.". 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
CHEAP— A Phoenix bicycle in perfect order.
Apply box 1699. Call office. -
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand -machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, • office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.  .
i FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-hand sewing
'■ machines bargains In new machines' which
have been returned for non-payment. • A. C."
BROWN. 1360 Market st. .■-.>:
GAS fixtures very low: large' assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washntands. cheap. HUF-
BCHHTPT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
i ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, * motor, . halts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission St.
SAFES— New, and necond-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market.' S. If.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. -$5 per do*. :
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, : hand-truck, ; letter-press.
. desk and safe cheap. ; 102 Clay st.
BARS, . showcases, counters, ; : shelving. . etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, I bought, i sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45. .
ALL kinds - bought, sold, . . exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth it • .
THE "SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
EDDY, 1541— 2-story house, 0 large rooms; laun-
dry; basement; large yard.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. 628 Market eU
LAGUNA, 1715— House of 8 rooms and bath,
| yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
LTndeN aye., 331— 4 rooms and bath. Call at
328 Fell st.
NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— 3 rooms, every
convenience; rent $7.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderlck St., near McAllister.
7 RM bath: new; or will sell; $200 cash: bal.
$13 mo. THE MCCARTHY CO.. G4(i Mark.-t.
FURNISHED lIOUSES.
AT Sutter, 71T, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny: appreciated if seen; please investi-
| gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
$100 A MONTH, furnished, 10 rooms and bath.
SlO Taylor St. Call bet. 1:30 and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER, 1310— Sunny cottase of 4 rooms; large
yard; stable; suitable for expressman.
! SUNNY cottages of 4 ;-r.d 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1576 l.'th St.. near Dolores.
$14—5 ROOMS and bath; large yard. 917 Treat
aye., near Twenty-second *t.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage; nearly new; 4
rooms; water free. 109 Collins, near Geary.
FL.i-TS TO LET.
' A— We want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent,
fiats from $7 to $35; all our fiats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
I A NICE flat of 6 rooms and bath to let at 527
Post st. , rent $26.
I A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. .cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big looms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter St.
BAY-WINDOW sunny fiat; 5 rooms, bath,
yard, etc.; grand view; rent reduced. 1001
Broadway.
FLAT, 3 sunny rooms; newly renovated. 207
Shipley st.
HAIGHT, 7'.i2, corner Scott— A sunny modern
new flat, 7 rooms and bath.
HOWARD, 530— Nice sunny flat of 5 rooms;
rent reduced; $14.
JESSIE, 452 l i>— Sunnj' side; bay-window, s-
room fiat; rent reduced.
| MINNA, 729— Flat, 5 large rooms, bath; in
j good order; $16.
. NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; yard, cellar.
38 Sharon, nr. 15th, bet. Sanchez and Church.
NEW flat of 7 rooms and bath: all modern
improvements. 3455 20th St., near Capp. •
i NINETEENTH, 3054, corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat; $14; water, free.
PINE. 1225. near Hyde^-Sunny flat of 6 rooms
nnd bath; rent- $18.
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market: upper modern' sunny 5-room flat;
$15; water free.
BHOTWELL, 6. near Fourteenth— sl4; sunny
lower flat; 4 rooms, bath and yard.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms, in good order; 1259 Fol- ■
som St., nqar Ninth; also store and 3 roortie.
yard and cellar; rent $12: 1257 Folsom st.
$50— ELEGANTLY furnished- new .modern cor-
ner fiat, 771 Tierce st.,-. cor. McAllister. No
admittance without riermit from C. J- CAMP-
BELL & CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
$9 — FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a- small
family. 1825 Mlnnt st., bet. 11th and 12th.
$12—4 sunny rooms; lower, $10. 131 ivy aye.
$20— FLAT: 5 sunny rooms, bath; yard; mod-
! em. 1183 Valencia St., near Twenty-third.
; $20—2 NEW, modern sunny flats. 6 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
FURNISH hD TLATS.
' SIS GROVE, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sunny
■ furnif.hed-flat: 0 rooms; piano: flower garden;
• stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
jciven and required.
; $55— ELEGANTLY rurnished new modern cor-
ner ! flat. 771 Pierce St. cor. McAllister. No
; admittance without ]. .mit from C. J. CAMP-
BEIJL & CO., 224 Montgomery St.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
i BUSH, 717—2 sun-ny rooms or for 2 gentlemen;
furnished: $S and $10 a month.
* CLAY, 241 c. near Fillmore— 4 suhtur rooms;
fine yard. '
: EDDY, 604 — 2 or more large sunny bay-window
rwms, with kitchen; complete; also piano;
reasonable.
I EDDY, 604— Sunny furnished bay-window room,
.with kitchen, $15; alsd -single rooms.
BODY, BT— Very- pleasant nicely furnished
housekeeping . rooms; gas range; private
turnliy.- ' .
! ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Front sunny room;
mantel; light housekeeping.; folding bed. . ■
FIFTH, 325-3 furnished housekeeping,- $13;
double, $7 to $S; 2 parlors, kitchen, bath, $22.
FIFTH. 42SU— TWO sunny rooms; completely
furnished for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
i-'II-~riT. 114—3 sunny front connecting hout ; e-
tejeepina rooms; bath; store, closet; prlv.; $io.
FIRST. 303, corner Folsom— Cheap, 5 rooms,
■Mill, in exclli-nt order; $K.
FOLSOM, MS— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 a week.
•FOLSOM, 64f — Nice large front suite, complete
for housekeeping; quiet family; big yard.
; FOLBOM, !'74— Sunny housekeeping room, com-
1 tete-; rent reasonable; also single room.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
r oni and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 556. formerly 618— Large sunny front
rooms; suites und single; also, light housek'pg.
GEAKY, IM2V?— 3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; modern; $15.
I OOLDEN GATE. 622 -Three sunny bay-window
rooms; complete lor housekpg; nice location.
:ijhVE. 202, cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
3-room suites, with gas stove.
HAVES. 735. near Webster— Front suite and
connecting room; new modern flat; gas stove.
HOWARD, 704, -corner Third— Fine, large, sun-
ny rooms; also housekeeping; cheap.
' HYDE, 1745— Housekeeping rooms; furnished
or unfurnished ; cheap.
LARKIN $B- Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
LEAVENWORTH. 517— Unfurnished rooms for
light housekeeping; very reasonable.
MASON, 1106 — 2 rooms suitable for housekeep-
ing: cheap^
MINNA. 2SI, corner Fourth— Front furnished
■housekeeping, cheap; also. double and single.
MINNA, 436 — Parlor floor of three furnished
rooms; front and back parlor and kitchen.
MISSION, 923H — 1* or 2 completely furnished
sunny housekeeping suites; regular kitch.-n.
NOE 151 — Furnished, 2 bay-window rooms';
Kun'ny; «as range, grate, bath; $14.
SEVENTH. 191— Two large 'rooms, $12; other
rooms. $6 and $7; complete for housekeeping.
SHOTWELL, 923—3 nice unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; yard; cellar.
SOUTH. PARK, SO — 2 or 3 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $7 and $9; also unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping.
SfTEVENSON, G42,'cff 7th, nr. Market— Sunny
•front roo.m ; kitchen, complete for bousekpg.
•SUTTER, 2620 — Sunny unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry; use of bath; yard.
TEHAMA, 465, upstairs — 2 rooms for light
housekeeping; rent $8 to- $9 a month.
TEHAMA. 478; near Sixth— 3 sunny furnished
•housekeeping, with kitchen; complete; $18.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Large sunny bay-
window 'room, complete for housekeeping;
grale; closet^ '
THIRD. 3CW— Furnished room, complete for
housekeeping, $•"; suites, $7 a month.
TU'Kl.nu. HOC— I very nice furnished house-
keeping rooms: gas stove; select .ocality; prt-
ynte fnmily.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable-
Corn. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of, city, 25c; phone, Main 4».
A-RLJNGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hyde, 809; Sutter, 718-717-719 — Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT 242. Stockton, sunny suites and single rooms,
-facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BUENA VUta aye., 449— Ashbury Heights; un-
furnished upper flat 6 rooms, $lfl, 3 rooms,
ground floor, $9; grand view.
CLEMENTINA, 45< near Sixth— Single or
double, sunny rooms; furnished; private fam-
ily; rent reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market-Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 60. .
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per • night.
60c to $1; week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 614— irage and two small sunny
rooms. - newly furnished; large closets, fold-
ing-bed, gas, bath; $6,' and S10; clean and
' quiet. ■ -'-- ' : * ..■■,.•'. :'■
EIGHTH, 104— Sunny : front ; single - room la
private family; bath; $5. per month.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-Class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $150 to $S week.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Sunny front room;
double- folding bed; .2 gentlemen. *
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FRANKLIN, 201— Newly furnished - sunny
front rooms; private, quiet family; bath; $8
month. -■ ' • ■
FULTON. 3. opp. City, Hall— Nice sunny
rooms; $8 mo. up; bath and etua. r . < •
GEARY. 622— Large ' sunny bay-window room;
also single rooms; bath and gas. '
GEARY, Private; bright suite and 1 elngle
room; newly furnished. ' -
GUERRERO. 73 mny front bedroom for a
respectable man or .woman; must -bring ref-
erence; rent $8. j.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: select family
rooming house: $150. to $6 per week.
HAVES, 562— Sunny front room; 1 single or 2
connecting; reasonable; modern.
HOWARD, Large furnished front rooms;
cheap; also slngJe; $3 a month.;
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms:
suites; single; sunny reading room; 250 up.
KEARNY. 104—3 unfurnished rooms and bath:
$15, references exchanged.
LEAVENWORTH, 109— Lar<ri sunny double
' room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by tho week, $1 60 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6: baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
MCALLISTER, 511— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
MINNA, 419— Front room and • kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping. . .
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 : week. - -.
MISSION. 1241—2 rear rooms; furnished; run-
■ ning water; stove: sunny yard.
NINTH, ISO 1 -... near Market— Neat Bunny room;
good location; $4 50 per month.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O"FARRELL. Large front room, hand-
somely furnished, $10 month; also single room.
O'FARRELL, 770— Handsome • sunny suite of
parlo.re; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family. ■ ■ ..
O'FARRELL, Sunny front parlors suitable
for physician; no other roomers.
O'FARRELL, 231— New. management, new fur-
niture: elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POLK,' Front sunny furnished rooms;
large and small; housekeeping; $4 & -upward. -
POST, 426— Newly furnished large sunny .ront
and back rooms, $8 up; bath,, gas; private
family. . '.- • . '
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. ■
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
•near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 2.13. between Third and Fourth—
Large, rooms, good light, suitable for tailors'
' workshops. •
BUTTER, . — Clean, comfortable rooms; sin-
gle, "suites, also housekeeping; reasonable.
TATLOR Terrace, .2—3 and 4 sunny rooms;
small rent. • . .
TAYLOR, -407— T0 lit,, two large. . jounny front
rooms: furnished. -. ...
TURK. 539— Nicely furnished sunny- room: also
nice housekeeping room; -.per month up.
TWENTY- FOURTH. 3404, near ■ Valencia— 2
sunny front, rooms, kitchen furnished, . -for
housekeeping: $14, / .
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
BUSH. 822— Front ' sunny alcove room: gas;
bath; running water;" breakfast; piano; down
town.
ELEGANT sunny rooms: new house;. new fur-
. niture; also -clan meals'; healthiest part
". of San Francisco. The Sirhjs, 1505 Stockton. j
F01.56-M. 511— Swedish- private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week: nice, location.
FULTON. 133 <The Mlzpah)— quiK family
. hotel: modern sunny rooms, single and en
EUlte;.. exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GALINDO hotel." Oakland— Up to the times:
large sunny suites from $12; single . rooms
from $6; board optional: handy to all trains.
HYDE, 408— Double and ! slnkle-' rooms; first-
class board: Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE, 825— Sunny "rooms; good board: pretty
- grounds; select, location. Mrs. Brotherton.
SOUTH PARK; 150— Good table '.oard. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUNNY rooms, newly furnished, with board;
summer rates: Apply SOS Van Ness aye.
SUTTER, li2S— Sunny suite: sin trie -rooms! first-
class, board; large grounds.; Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Longworth, 532 -Geary — Remodeled: ele-
gantly, furnished; good board; choice location.
• VAN NESS aye.'. " SOS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The . CalL
Subscriptions -and wont ads taken. . ■"• •-•' '
' CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED, by a "German widow, a child to-
board:? healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1728. Call Office. ■ '
CHILD to board by respectable woman; ref-
erence. Mrs. C, 914% . Harrison st. '
WANTED — Children to board; terms • reasona-
ble; good home. 136 Sagamore .Ocean View.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's rare: references. 234U Sixth «t.
■• ~T STORES TO LET.
FIFTH, 325— Store with rooms; $15 and fixtures.
CORNER store with 3 living-rooms and cellar,
. rent $20. Cor. -McAllister and Broderlck sts.
SIXTH. Store .3 rooms; yard; rear en-
trance; rent $11. •-
~~ educational! ~
HEALD'S Business College, 24 post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, ' typ-
ing, telegraphy,' languages, English • branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
purveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1852; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.:
Individual instruction- in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ff ship. $00; low rates per week and month.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by pro-
fessional; terms very reasonable. Address
Box 1663, Call Office. .. . ■ . ■ ■ -; ■
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics, IT. C, 2407 S. Alherton,
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write for clrculr.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
" course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 672. 865 Market st,
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arehtt. ; day & eve.:
e«t. 1864. VAN PER N AILLEN. 933 Market.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
.- versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
VOICE culture,- .piano, Paris graduate; French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 -mo, 100 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY. 527: cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock;- branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. • ■,•-■■'
DENTISTS. • ~
A FULL" set of teeth. $5; -see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted.- - Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction, 50c;
. teeth . per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver. 50c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 up;
our crown and bridge work la the best;
■ hours,' 9 a. m. ,to 9 p.m. ; Sundays, 9'■ to 1.
. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when ,r plates are
, made; old plates made, over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. ;
DR. ; GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist, discoverer . of painless extraction .», and
patentee :of Improved bridge work •or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN - VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up ; * fillings, 25c 5 up ; V all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. : 997 Market St.. corner Sixth. ; v ; "5
OHIO Dental Parlors. 819 Market, • Academy of
, Sciences bldg., Eth floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. < TEAGUE.
; . removed to Call bldg., ; 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work ■ reasonable and warranted. DR J.
•. W. KEY, : 1320 Market st. -
BET rof teeth without a plate. DR. H. 'C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. . -^
■ ■ .■-{; lost] '■■■■■..';•.;' •:; '.
LOST— Alcazar Theater, gold - ring. - Return •to
■ .: 24 Third st. and receive liberal' reward. ;.
LOST— A pass-book- with the Hibernla Savings
.- ' and r Loan Society • of : San Francisco, In < the
name of AGNES HILLSON; No. - 216,375. The
finder will please return to bank. ' ". /
CITY RE -L ESTATE. .
6OL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. FIRST FLOOR,
CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
.'• SECURE. A HOME.
Positively Best Bargains! Easiest Terms!
$100, $150 to $230; level building lots near
Mlssion-st. electric cars: only $3 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
' SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS! .
$400. $431 to $850; graded officially; superb
view; $25 down and $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
RICHMOND LOTS ~~~
$400, $4. ,0 to $800; choicest build lots;
streets graded ami ■•■- sewered : $23 down: : $10
monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1350 to $1800; choice, almost new, cottage in
Richmond and Sunset Heights; easy payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams,
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
FOR yale or. exchange; valuable piece of im-
proved property of great prospective value;
i trade for lots. HOOKER & LENT, 14 Pest.
$4300— RENTS $50 monthly; store and flat;
Western Addition. Inquire Call Office.
SACRIFICE— house; desirable part of
city; tenants; will pay for itself; must go;
terms to suit. Box 1655, Call.
$500 lot for $100: need coin. Come and see
THISLETON, 272 Sadowa st., Ocean View.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements: terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison st., bet.
21st and 22d.
«16 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
•cilptions and want ads taken.
, PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
— LOT 25x125. with- house of 6 rooms; brick
foundation;, high basement; street graded and
sewered; in San Francisco: exchange for 1 to
3 acres of Improved land with house of 5
or 6 rooms, between San Mateo and Mount-
ain View. Address box 1764. Call office.
HOUSE and large lot in Napa City, clear, for
•city .property. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6 1 ,* per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, . real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24. Montgomery st., room 3. ■
LOANS on furniture or -pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017' to 1023 ' Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. f • -
$5 UP :to ■ any ■ amount on indorsed . paper,
. pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonda.ji.nd Jew-
• elry at the lowest rates. . Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st. ; tel. Green ; 204.
ON furniture, pianos; ci.ty or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
• private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, .pianos; no removal: no
■ commls.;.low interest. Km. 63. 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California st.
$30 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d m'ortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. -413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
• gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON ' pianos, .furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private., 11$ McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
■;■ FINANCIAL.
LOANS 'en real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEF, BROS.. IPS Montgomery lit |
. PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow' from- the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy. ■
{ 116 LARKlN— Branch' office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions nml want ads taV^n. . .'..'■
. MEDICAL..
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davte*.
. true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' -practice; sate and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace !
.avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
! though else fail; delicacy, '-privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; .self-cure sent:'call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES. 53
McAllister st. ; pills, $2. '
ALL of Dr. Foiilet's capsules are guaranteed ]
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no. danger or after ef-
fects- taken in time It also, acts as a pre-
ventive! price $1 »0 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33 '
Grant aye.. S.. F. •A- Cautich— Before pur-
. chasing elsewhere write us. • j
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)'
' in a -few. hours: safe arid sure at all times
when, others have failed: no Instruments used:
home in confinement; cure $"■; pills $1; every
case I guaranteed ; consultation free and con-
fidential: hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. • MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208. Turk St., near Jones. • - ;
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all femalt
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible' care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those pick or dlscour-
nged call on the doctor and state their. case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 22 Turk st. :
DRS. GOODWIN.' 401 • Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far. consult free, only doctor who . uses i
Sehtnck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe', sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home: best skill; low fees: pills, $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's Irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause
may be: treatment by. mall, or call, at Dr.'
O'Donnell'B Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when others (all; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles. .no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
LADIES. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mall: at
druggists Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores ■ instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments .used: cure, at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 6.
& 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro:. pries
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2c -stamp for particulars to .; Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills.' a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures '. all monthly
irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
, tendant; hours 9-4,' 7-8. 2208% Mission st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. <_ ■ ■ ■'■
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254V4 Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of i women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth st- Alameda.
ELEVENTH. ■ 106— Branch . ffice of The Call.
• Subscriptions and want als taken. ' : ' ■_■.■
CARPE- CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet ■ caning Works; cleans,
mves, lays carpet-; C H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South. 250. ■•. .
WHEN you become disgusted, -ith poor work
send -■ to ■ SPAULDING'S ■ Pioneer Carpet-
. "~: -atlng Works, 303-57 Tehama St.: .tel. S. 40.'
CARPETS cleaned, - reno\ ited : like ' new. *J.
H McQUEEN, 463 otevenson st. ; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning ! Co., 402 Sutter;
/ tel:. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor. ;
J. WATTS, ■ reliable carpet-cleaning, - renovat-
„ ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: re! aid at 3c
STRATTON, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT ; Eastern ' i. 'am Carpet "-Cleaning
; Works, 14 Sth st. :B. : GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Cr net-Cleaning Co., 24) 14th
; st.: cleaning 3c. a yard; ; tel. 1 Mission 74. y . ,
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Worku, 333 Golden
.■ Gate aye.; tel. East 126. - >■ .. ,-.k. : :s
-■..:" -'.• ' "■: STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, •. carpets, "-■? pianos,
- household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, •: 1017 to 1022
Mission st., aL ye Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rate.*— Household : goods, pianos; ad-
vances ■ made: fireproof v building. F. W. !
. ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission . st. r, Tel. ; Mint 1821. j
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
1 office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to : LO.UIS J. NEUMAN.
121 Sixth St.. open evenings.
~~ •-; TYPEWRITERS. -.'■.•■'^■ ; .'-',; :
ALL typewriters ; sold '' and '■ i-nted; few . partly ;
■ > used - for sale - cheap; send ■ for samples > and
prices. ALEXANDER & C 0.," 110 Montgomery
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
PASTURE lands for sale or rent; reclaimed
and unreclaimed; rent 10c per acre and up-
ward; for sale, $2 an acre and upward. Mc-
AFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery St.. S. F.
$2300— 1n the Santa Cruz Mountains; finely im-
proved vineyard home; 35 acres; will ex-
change for larger place. McAFEH BROS.
A VINEYARD AND SUBURBAN HOME^
\vith a good income; 50 acres; nearly all In
full-bearing vines; half a mile from Warm
Springs, Alameda County; Improvements first
class; price only $11,000. McAFEE BROS.
A— PAYS $8000 NET PER YEAR
A splendid investment; finely improved
ranch property in Alameda County; price
$150,000. McAFEE BROTHERS.
A— OWNER WISHES TO EXCHANGE^
A finely improved ranch of 4SO acres, near
Livermore, for town property; 30 acres in
full-bearing orchard, balance grain and pas-
ture land; price reduced to $20 per acre. Mc-
AFEE BROTHERS.
A— IN SUBDIVISIONS!
AT ASSESSED VALUE!
A grand opportunity — 5000 acres of the es-
tate of Sarah Blake, deceased, lying on th»
Merced River; for sale aB above; the land Is
well adapted for grain, fruit, vegetables and
alfalfa; in plats of 35 acres and upward, at
prices of from $3 to $20 per acre; send for
descriptive map. McAFEE BROTHERS, 108
Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.
NICE home, $300: several fine level building
lots, $35 up. Red Flag. Six-Mile Station, San
Bruno road, take Howard-st. cars.
TO Rent— Best sheep ranch in the State; plenty
feed; 10<j0 acres; on the coast; near railroad.
For particulars address JOHN BRANT, Sea
View, Sonoma County, Cal.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 LOT. worth $150, in the AUe- dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; $5 cash, $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build It for
you; payment as rent; all rtreets graded,
some macadamized; 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; calf or rend for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige tree. H. Z. JONEfc'. Owner.
Oakland houses to let.
houses tcTlet~in oaklTanix
Corner cottage. 6 rooms $17
. Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms 14
2-story neat 6-room house 18 j
Choice sunny S-room house 22 I
10-room residence, fine 6n
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. lOriji Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
3 OR 4 elegantly furnished rooms for light
housekeeping, bath, piano, horse and buggy,
for desirable couple with private lady: no
children. 657 Twenty-second St., Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
4 ELEGANT sunny rooms; corner house; fur-
nished; with or without board. NW. corner
10th aye. and 11th st., E. Oakland, nr. station.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, 562 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH. 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms,
with board: private: larg-e yard.
OAKLAND I i'RSITIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household roods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old «tore. 405
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS!
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
iPECIAITNOTICEI "* ~~"
FIRST COME. FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700, $1800. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on '" market for non-payment
of installments, and they -re now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
Bin ■■* new, and located near schools and sta-
! tions.
We are going to weed them out and Invite
: inspection. MARCUSE & RKMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market at,
I . Ban Francisco. Open Sui.days and- holidays.
; $750 — Lot B0x270: modern cottage 5 rooms, near
1 echoolhouse.
I $1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house of
; 6 rooms and- one of 4 rooms.
j $1600^-Lot 50x150: fine cottage of T room* and
: bath: nesr Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150: only
2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150: choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H P. MORE A L & CO.. 1432 Park at.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR RENT — Furnished or unfurnished. 1 or 2
years; new house; 7 large Bunny rooms: all
latest Improvements: large lawn:- nice nelgh-
borhood: near Encinal station. 137^ Weber st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Vlll* lots ar<J acreage; easy terms ;4S minutet
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRTTST CO.. 132 Market »t.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
W. R. Sheehan and Mary Kllduff, 37-25.
A. J. Young and Mary E. McCarthy. 35-28.
H. K. Thornton and Nellie M. Haupt, 24-19.
Francisco T'lloa and Alice L. Main. 2S-20.
Patrick J. Wan! and Bridget T>. Judge, 29-21.
J. Andersen and Annie M. Boyson. 25-20.
Frank- C. French and Lottie L. Wilson, 29-20.
C. W. Strobel and Sylvia P. Dobbas. 26-21.
Arthur G. Hawley and Marie Murphy, 29-18.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. . •
BORN.
HANRATTY— In this city, April 20. IK9B, to the
wife of Arthur F. Hanratty. a daughter.
KIRBY— In this city, April 24, 1898, to the
wife of John Klrby, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HACKSTON— KEARNEY— In this city, April
26, 1808, by the Rev. F. Bonn, John Hackston
and Grace Kearney, both of San Francisco.
STROBEL— DOBBAS— In this city, April 27,
189S, by the Rev. William N. Meserve.
Charles W. Strobel and Sylvia P. Dobbaa,
both of San Francisco.
BRYAN— FULLERTON— In Orange, Cal.. April
27. 1898, by the Rev. Alex Parker. D.D.. B.
F. Bryan and Maude Fullerton.
DIED.
Barlow, Emma McCarty, Mary
Boyle. Hannah McGuire. Katherine
Brown, Mabel E. McQuaide, Mary E.
Browne. Hermance Mathewson, William
Connolly, Peter Mullen, Harry T.
Cozzagllo,' Peter Nlghtwine, Henry J.
De Laveaga, Joseph Pearson, William W.
Dentz, Amalia ' Peirce, Margaret H.
Desmond. Daniel Sinon. William
"Figuiere, Joseph A. Swift, Thomas
Fitzgerald, James Taber, Margaret
Horan, Man' A. Van Ix>o, Frank
Kernan, John C. Vollmar, James
Koch, Friedenka Walton, Nelson C.
' Lyon, Seeley B. Weaver, William
Lyons, Ellen Wellbrock, Anna
BARLOW— In this city, April 27, 1898, Emma,
. beloved wife of Henry Barlow, and mother of
Benjamin, Lucie, Bertha, Florence, Emma,
Harry, Bernard and Arthur Barlow., a na-
tive of England, aged At years.
BOYLE— In this city, April 25, IS9B, Hannah
Boyle, beloved mother of Mary and L,ucy
Boyle, and Mrs. Adam H. Murphy, a .na-
tive of England, aged 78 years. ''Philadel-
phia papers please copy.)
[C7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are renpect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
April 30, ISyS, at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residsnee, 871 Capp street. Interment Cy-
i press Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets.
BROWN— In this city. April 27, 189S,- Mabel
' Edella, beloved daughter of I. W. W. and
the late Betsy C. Brown, and sister of
' Kmma, Besrie, Alice, Stillman and William
Brown, a native of San Francisco, a&ed 17
years 6 months and 3 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral this day
1 (Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 925 York street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery-
BROWNE— In this city, April 26. 1858. Her-
mance, beloved wife of Harry r.rowne,
mother of Harry, Edna and Charles Browne,
and daughter of Mrs. lionet, a native of
France, aged 36 years 4 months and 3 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
, (Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 609 Geary street, thence to Notre Dame
dcs Vlctoires Church, Bush street, between
Stockton street and Grant avenue, where a
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city, April 27. 1898, Peter,
beloved husband of the late Katie Connolly,
and fßther of Delia, Katie and William Con-
nolly and Mrs. D. J. Dick, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 49 years.
COZZAGLIO— In the City and County Hospital.
April 27. ISPB, Peter Cozzaglio, a native of
Italy, aged 41 years.
DE LAVEAGA— In tills city. April 27. 1898.
Joseph Vincent, beloved and only child of
Joseph and Mnry De Laveasa, a native of
.San Francisco, aged 2 years 10 months and 12
days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(FriJay), at 1 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 25 Tilden street, dff Castro, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DENTZ— In this city. April 27, ISPS. Amalla.
dearly beloved wife of George Dentz, a na-
tive of Alsfice, need r.O years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2CO Banks street, near Cortland ave-
nue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DESMOND— In this city, April 26. I*9s, Daniel,
beloved husband of Mary Desmond, and
father of John Eugene, Dcniel A.. Minnie
and the late Sarah and Frances A. Desmond,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 70
years and 1 month.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 158 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIGUIERE— In this city. April 27. 189 S. Jo-
seph A. M. Figuiere, beloved father of Mrs.
E. Raisin, a native of Marseilles, France,
aged 75 years ? months and 2 days.
C7" Friends and acquaint&uces ar<; respect-
fully invited to attend th" funeral to-morrow
(Friday), st 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 30 John street, near Mason, between
Pacific and Jackson, thor.ee to I. O. O. F.
Cemetery for cremation.
FITZGERALD— In this city, April 27, IfWS.
James, beloved son of John and Norah Fitz-
gerald, and nephew of Jeremiah and James
Morlarty, a native of S:\n Francisco, aged 6
years 7 months and 27 days.
[C?"Notlce of funera] hereafter.
HORAN— In this city. April 27, IS9B. Mary A.,
beloved Wife of the lat<> John Horan. dearly
beloved mother of Catherine paly, and grind-
rr.other of Mary. Katf\ John, Michael. Veron-
ica and the late Peter Daly, a native of
County Roßconimon, Ireland, ased 68 years
and S months.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
KERNAN— In this city. April 26. IS9S, John
C, beloved brother of E. A. Kernan. a na-
tive of Boston, aged 73 years and 5 months.
[C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funera! this day
(Thursday), at S:l5 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted * Co.. Mfi Mission street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, April 2G, IS9R, Friederika
Koch, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Fried-
erika Gurrett. and grandmother of Dr. C. F.
Bauer, a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged
72 years 9 months and 21 days. A member of
Walhalla Rebeknh Degree Lodge No. 130, I.
0. O. F., Unahhangigen ] "eutscher Frauen
Untrrstutziingr. Vereln and Veteran Rebekah.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, Market and Seventh streets. Please
omit flowers. Remains at the parlors of H.
F. Suhr & Co., 12i>'i Mission street. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
INDEPENDENT GERMAN' LADIES' BE-
nevolent Society— To the officers and mem-
bers: You are hereby requested to assemble
at I. O. O. F. Hail, corm-r Market and
Seventh streets, to-morrow (Friday), at 1:30
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
Bister, Friederika Koch. By order
MRS. V. WREDE, Pres.
MRS. T. MARKS, Fin. Sec.
LYON— In this city, April 26. 189 S. at his resi-
dence, 212 Fair Oaks street. Seeley 8.. hus-
band of Bertie M. Lyon, and father of Walter
S. and Jessie B. Lyon, a native of Sanborn,
N. V.. aged 67 years.
tCPFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the Mission Masonic Temp!<»,
K6S Mission street, under the auspices of
Mission Lodge No. l«r-. F. and A. M. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co..
2«f>6 Mission street, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
LYONS— In this city. April 27, 1898, Ellen, be
loved wife of the late John Lyone, and
mother of D. J. and the late John F. Lyons,
a native of Kildysait, County Clare, Ire-
land, a.ged 63 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27
and 29 Fifth street.
McCARTY— In this city, April 26, 1898, Mary,
wife of the late Patrick McCarty. mother of
Minnie McCarty, and sister of Mrs. G. Vl-
deau and Jerome and the late James- Dono-
van, a native of California, aged 2S years.
E^Frlendp and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 35 West Mission street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will b'< celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGUIRE— In this city, April 27, 1898, Kath-
erine F , dearly beloved wife of Anthony
T. McGuire. mother of Gertrude F. McGuire,
and daughter of Mrs. M. Queenan, a native
of Pan Francisco, aged 16 years and 4
months.
[T^Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from ..er late resi-
dence, 116 Congdon street, corner Ney, off
Mission road, thence to Old St. Mary's Col-
lege, where a requiem hiuh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McQUAIDE— In this city, April 25. 1898. Mary
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Michael Me-
Quaide, and dearly beloved mother of Kath-
ryn G., Owen J. and Sarah E. McQuaide,
Mrs. M. Cooper and Mrs. James Fogarty, a
native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 70
years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3369 Seventeenth street, thence to
M!«oipn Dolores Church. Sixteenth and Do-
lores streets, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MATHEWSON— In this city, April 26. 1898.
William, dearly beloved son of John and Jane
Mathewson, and brother of Mrs. J. Young,
Mrs. D. W. King, Mrs. William Carman,
Mrs. H. Meckfessel and John Mathewson Jr..
a native of Benlcia, Cal., aged 32 years and
S month?.
ICTVThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 323" Duncan street, between Church and
Sanchez. Interment private. Masonic Ceme-
tery.
MULLEN— In this city. April 26, 1898, Harry
T., dearly beloved son of Thomas and Mary
Mullen, husband of Julia Mullen, and brother
of Mrs. John J. Coffey, Clara and the late
James, Mary Jane and John Francis Mul-
len, a native of San Francisco.
C?"Th<! funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of- his parents, 732 Howard street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for th«
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment private, in Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
NIGHTWINE— In this city. April 26. 1898.
Henry Joseph, dearly beloved son of James
and "Nora M. Nlghtwtne, and brother of
James R.. Mary E.. John, Charles. Willie
and George Nightwlne, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 11 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 2332 Greenwich street, near
Pierce. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEARSON— In this city. April 28. 1898. William
\V husband of Sarah Pearson, aged 5S years
6 months and 10 days. A member of Pajaro
Lodge No. 90. I. O. O. F.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street, under
the auspices of the Odd Fellows.
PEIRCE— In Oakland. Margaret Hawes Pelrce.
a native of Thomaston, Me., aged 71 years.
SINON— An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the late William Sinon in St.
Bridget's Church, corner of Van Ness ave-
nue- and Broadway, at 9 o'clock, Saturday.
April 30. Friends are invited to be present.
SWIFT— In this city. April 27. ->9S. Thomas
Swift, aged 57 years.
try Remains at the parlors of the Lnited
Undei takers. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
TABER— In this city. April 27. 1898. Margaret,
beloved wife of Louis Taber. and mother of
Mary J. and Louis Taber Jr. and Mrs. Wil-
liam Jensen, aged 63 years
(CTRemains at the parlors of the I nited
Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street. Inter-
ment private.
VAN LOO— In this. city. April 26. 189 S. Frank,
beloved husband of Johanna Van Loo, and
father of Frank, Fred and Minnie Van Loo,
a native of Belgium, aged 63 years.
VOLLMAR— In this city. April 27, H9S, James,
beloved husband of Theresia Vollmar. and
father of Mrs. E. L. Wacner and Fred A.,
• AdoH'h G., William G., Johanna J. and Ber-
tha T Vollmar, a native of Austria, aged 74
years 10 months and 21 days. (Milwaukee
paners please copy.)
itTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
E L. Wacner. his son-in-law. 191*. Green
Htrept. near Lnsuna. Interment private.
WMTON-In this city. April 27. 1898, Nelson
C beloved father of Nelson C. Jr. and M. C.
Walton, a native ot Essex County. New York,
aged S2 years.
ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
WEWER— In this city, April 26. 1858, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary A. Weaver, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged SO yeara.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3536 Mission street. Interment Laurel
H'll Cemetery.
WELLBROCK— In Jersey City, N. J., April
2"i, 1898. Anna, beloved wife of the late J.
Hermann Wellbrock, and sister of Mrs. C.
Oudehus. a native of AVackhausen, Germany,
aged 65 years and ?. days.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FCNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBAL.MBM I
£0 i'UTH ST., Opp. Lincoln SoaojL
Telephone, South 80. |
1314
BOLD THREAT
THROWN OUT
BY PHELAN
May Attempt to Take Revenge on
the Company That Is On
Widber's Bond.
Many City Officials and Employes Involved.
A Special Session of the Supervisors
Called for To-Day.
I -will use every effort, officially and otherwise, to compel them
to meet this obligation, and I shall not approve any bond of their com
pany hereafter, now that I have an insight into their methods. — Ex
tract from published statement of Mayor Phelan.
When Mayor PheJan made this threat
Tuesday he believed he had it within his
power to work great injury to the Fidel
ity and Deposit Company of Maryla-nd.
It was uttered while the Mayor was
smarting under the Impending danger of
being sued by the company named for
part of the defalcation of ex-Treasurer
A. C. Widber. This company is on Wld
ber's bond for $100,000, and its president,
Edwin Warfield, claims that the Mayor,
as chairman of the board that made the
counts of the money in the custody of the
defaulting Treasurer, is in part responsi
ble for the shortage. In fact, it has made
a formal demand upon the Board of Su
pervisors to bring suit against Wldber
and the Mayor, If necessary, to recover
the amount of its bond. This action was
prompted by the belief on the part of the
president of the company that the Mayor
did not exercise due care in the discharge
of his duty as guardian of the city's
money.
It is only since the present administra
tion came into power in the City Hall
that the Fidelity and Deposit company
of Maryland made a bid for the bond
business connected with the officers and
attaches of the various city department^
The records show that it is on the bonus
of forty-five officials and employes, aside
from that of Widber. The total amount
represented in these forty-five bonds is
1406,000. The complete list follows:
William F. Ambrose, Superintendent
of Streets $25,000
B. Anncr, School Director 5,000
J. E. Hrltt, .-JufHTvlsor 15. (* X)
T. F. Honnet. Collector of Licenses 20,000 j
W. 1 l'.lattner. Assistant Collector of
Licenses 6.000
B. J. Boylan, UeeaM Collector"* Clerk.. s,'jiki
William Broderick, Auditor 50,000;
J X Brown, License Collector's Clerk.. 6,00u
Uc'irne H. Bark, License Collector's
Clerk ' E.ooo
Jmom If. Uethall, Assistant Collector ot
Licenses 5,000
J. J. Boyle, Awl ft ant Collector of Li
censes 5,000
■William J. Btggy, Registrar of Voters.. 10,'XK)
Harry T. CrawelL City Attorney 4U.UUO
Harry T Oeswell, City Hall Commls
>.■ :;<-r K'.OOO
Frank W. Cornyn, Assistant Collector
of Licenses 5,000
J. J. Crowley, License Collector's Clerk.. Et,OOS
1. Diuoker. School Director
■\\iliiiiin A. Derham, S.hool Director 5,000
L. Devany, Supervisor 15,000
T. .1. Dunwjith. License Collector's
Clerk 5,000
F G Edwards, Assistant Collector's
Clerk 5.0C0
T. J. Fiirrell. Police Court Clerk 5,000
John Poley, Police Court Clerk
P. J. Fay. Deputy License Collector 5,000
E. O. Faulkner. Asslt-tant License Col
lector 5,000
T. Fogarty, Afsi.stant License
Collector 6.000
E. J. Gallagher, School Director 5,000
A. C. Hampton, Assistant License Col
lector 5,000
E. J. Hunn"n, Assistant License <\>!
lector 6,000
P. J. Kelly, License Collector*! Clerk.. o.ono
John Lackmann, Supervisor 15,000
J. T. Leary, License Collector's Clerk.. S,'HX)
J. J. Lynch, License Collector's Clerk.. j,""i
J. A. McGeoiiKh, License Collector's
Clerk 6.C00
Joseph MeKenna, Assistant License Col
lector 6,000
A. .1 i i'LKjfhlcn, Assistant License Col
lector 5,000
T. W. Rivers. Supervisor.... 15,000
T. A. Rottanzzl. Supervisor 16,000
D. F. Hasan, School Director 5,000
Henry i'.i^-r:-. Police Cuurt Clerk 5,000
John A. Russell, Assistant License Col
lector 5,000
E. J. Rottanzl, License Collector's
Clerk r.,r00
C. S. Smith. Assistant License Col
lector 5,000
8. Waller, School Director 5,c>00
K. H. Webster, Superintendent of
Schools 10,000
Total $405,000
Each of these had to be approved by
the Mayor. On what ground the Mayor
■will base his threatened disapproval in
the future is not divulged. As the com
pany's solvency has never been questioned
lie muy not ilnd it a-s easy a matter to
carry his threat into execution as he pos
eibly thinks. The only way in which h.
could carry out his intention of interfer
ing with the company's legitimate busi
ness would be to use his personal influ
ence with those who are required to give
bonds.
It was feared by some of the employes
In the City Hail that the Mayor might
attempt to attack the soundness of the
bonds on which the company in question
Is surety, and considerable uneasiness was
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scratched
CONSTANTLY
Baby Badly Afflicted with Eczema.
Hands, Face, and Clothes
Covered with Blood.
Face Covered with Large Sores.
Medical Treatment Useless.
Cured by Cuticura.
SKIN NOW SMOOTH AND ROSY.
My niece's little baby boy, two years old,
was so badly afllictcd with Eczema that he
needed constant watching. It was all over
his face, and he scratched the sores con-
stantly. Mornings, his clothes would be
Stained with blood, and his face and hands
would be covered. His family never could
take him out, as his face was always full of
large sores. They had medical treatment, and
tried everything they heard of. She com-
menced iisinjr the CTticcra Rkmedif.s last
spring and found that at last she had a won-
derful healer. The sores left his face and he
was entirely cured, and now his face is as
smooth and rosy as though no sore had ever
been there to mar it. Mrs. L. J. ROOT,
Feb. 16, 1898. New Scotland, N. Y.
CUTICURA WORKS WONDERS
In all the world there ia no other treatment to pure, to
rweet, to epeedlly effective for dlitretung ikln humort of
Infanta tnd children a> CiTirniA, greatest of «kin caret,
blood puriflen, and humor remrdlet. They afford Inttant
relief, permit reat and sleep, and point to a tpeedy, per-
manent, and economical cure, when the beat phjsicitnt,
hospital*, and all elte fail.
Brsct>T Cent TniATititXT.— Warm bathj with Cpti-
CTJKa Boai>. gentlr anointings with Cutictba, (oint-
ment), pureet of emollient tkin cures, and mild dote* of
Cititk* Reiultiht, gre«u«t of b:ood puriflen and
humor cure*.
Bold Ihronithout the world. Poms DKroAtroCniM.
Ooitr , Hoi* nrapt., Bmton.
«— ■ ■• Uuv to Cure Exery Baby Humor," mailed fre*
felt on this score. There is no likelihood,
however, that this will be done.
Mayor Phelan yesterday called a special
meeting of the Supervisors to be held to
day. The board will be asked to take
measures to recover from the surety
company the amount for which it be
came responsible on Widber' s bond. The
surety company will probably be repre
sented, and will ask that the Doard begin
proceedings against Widber, the Mayor
and others who composed the counting
board for the amount of Widber' s defal
cation, so as to protect the company ac
far as it is legally able to do so. An in
tfrostinpr session is anticipated.
Treasurer Rels opened his office for bus
iness yesterday, and announced that he
was ready to handle all the business that
might be offered. The safe that Chief
Lees inadvertently threw out of order by
Interfering with Its combination was
opened yesterday, without recourse to the
boring method. All the money in it waa
counted and found to be correct.
Should Widber escape criminal prosecu
tion by the city authorities, he will still
have difficulty in keeping out of a felon's
cell, as it is the policy of the Fidelity and
Deposit Company to prosecute all persons
who cause it loss by a criminal act.
ACCOMPLICES SUSPECTED.
Mayor Phelan Believes Wid-
ber Was Not Alone in Rob-
bing the Treasury.
Mayor Phelan believes Widber was not
alone In looting the city treasury. He
Insinuated to the Grand Jury last night
in a letter that he was of the opinion that
others besides the imprisoned ex-Treas
urer were implicated in the robbery.
The Mayor, in his communication to the
Grand Jury, asks that all the deputies be
called before that body and under oath
be made to tell all they know of the dis
appearance of the lost coin from the
cfty'fl vaults. He also wants Widber put
in the Grand Jury sweat box and asked
many pertinent questions concerning the
robbery. Chief Lees, too, he thinks
might be able to tell someming that will
bring conviction to the supposed accom
plices of the disgraced city official.
SUSPENSION
MAKES TROUBLE
Brown of Berkeley Is Being
Backed by the Local
Athletes.
The Intercollegiate Association De
clared to Bo Auto
cratic.
The action of the executive committee
of the Intercollegiate Athletic Association
suspending Everett Brown for two years
on account of his harsh criticism of East
ern athletes, has stirred up local athletes
and something more will be heard frof.
all sides before the matter Is forgotten.
Brown, on his return from the East last
winter, told in public about athletic con
ditions as they exist on the Atlantic
Coast. Casper Whitney has called our
local athletics "putrid," "pustular" and
a thousand other such pleasant names,
and Brown, according to his observations,
discovered that the status of amateur
sport in the East was no purer than our
own. This was his opinion, and he al
lowed It to pass his lips before a gather
ing of eager listeners. Because he did
this the Intercollegiate Association, rising
In its wrath, suddenly assumed a censor
ship and suspended Brown for a couple
of years.
The suspension has caused a great deal
of comment and complications are likely
to en.sue from it.
William Humphrey, the well-known
fosterer of amateur athletics and for
many years president of the Pacific Ath
letic Association of the A. A. U., unhesi
tatingly condemns the action of the Inter
collegiate Association. "Brown merely
expressed an opinion," he said yesterday,
"and the Intercollegiate Association of
which the two California colleges are
members had no right to exert a censor
ship of speech. Brown is entitled to his
opinion and to the right of expressing it.
I think the suspension autocratic and un
called for. Brown will be a judge in the
Pacific Amateur Association field day
next Saturday. We will take no recogni
tion of the suspension unless Informed
in a formal manner, and then I doubt
whether It will influence us any."
The American Athletic Union embraces
the Intercollegiate Association and the
Pacific Association, an affiliation being
the spirit that governs the operations of
any component part. In this case it looks
as If the home association would ignore
the actions of the Eastern body.
Prominent supporters of athletics like
John Elliott likewise back Brown. Elliott
said yesterday: "If I were Brown I
would see the end of this thine. If he has
facts let him present them and force an
exposure of the methods which he claims
regulate the athletic conduct of the
East."
The West is rarely recognized in the
East in matters athletic, and this is an
other straw piled on the camel's bock
There are many who declare they foresee
the time when the load will be heavy
enough to break things.
TWO EXPERT BURGLARS.
Martin Gavin and Thomas Powers
Have Twenty-Five Cases to
Their Credit.
Martin Gavin and Thomas Powers, who were
arrested Tuesday night by Policemen Edner
and Brown while trying to break Into the house
of T. Varney, a vegetable gardener at Ocean
avenue and Corbett road, were booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of attempted
burglary.
Gavin and Powers are notorious sneak thieves
and their arrest has given great pleasure to
Captain Olllen. as they have committed a large
number of burglaries in the outlying portions
of the Mission district. They were In the habit
of waiting until >, the Italian gardeners started
for the city In the early hours of the morning
and then breaking Into the houses. They are
suspected of having entered about twenty-five
houses and poisoned about a dozen watch does
within the past month. Policemen Mner and
Brown were detailed In citizens' clothes to look
out for the burglars and their success In can*
thei? c°dlt "8 ° B °° n redound <> to
Detectives Ryan and ODea know Gavin and
rowon, well. They arrested them about eight
months ago for breaking Into Rlley's drug store
on Second and Howard streets, but the charge
was reduced to petty larceny and they got six
months each. They have, although only 21
years of age each, served several terms for
petty larceny. '■"■■:>■' ■ ..,-.".
Try our |1 Eyeglasses. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 28, 1898.
CHASING THE
CULPRITS TO
THEIR LAIR
Grand Jury Begins to Probe the
Newest of the School
Scandals.
Experts Testify to the Outrageous Frauds
Practiced in the Supplying
of Lumber.
The committee of the Grand Jury con
ducting the investigation into the repair
ing of school buildings during the first
half of the present fiscal year has made
its report and the entire body has taken
the matter up with the intention of run
ning to earth every man who has had a
hand in the gigantic steal.
A special session of the Grand Jury was
held last nigm for the purpose, and after
returning an indictment against Stanton,
who is alleged to have attempted to ex
tort money from "School Director Ragan
(whose brother-in-law John O'Brien,
ought to know a whole lot about the
latest scandal), proceeded with the busi
ness on hand.
Expert Rickards was first summoned
to the secret chamber. Mr. Rickards is
the regular Grand Jury expert, and as
sisted the lumber experts, Messrs. Holt
and Campbell, furnished by the Lumber
Dealers' Association, in all their investi
gations.
Each man figured up the amount of
lumber used separately, and the result
was entered in a book, the accuracy of
the figures oeing vouched for by all three.
Mr. Rickards presented this book to the
Grand Jury and explained the methods
of procedure and the discrepancies be
tween the quantities charged for and
what was actually found.
Mr. Holt followed and gave the Jury
some valuable points on measuring lum
ber, besides describing hi 3 investigations
at the various schools and their results.
After Mr. Campbell had given similar tes
timony the Grand Jury continued iho
hearing until next Monday night.
Grand Jurymen Emil Bauer, ri. A. Hed
ger, Dr. Bryan and A. B. Truman, with
Experts Holt, Campbell and Rickard,
continued their Inspection of school build
ings yesterda'- and the result disclosed
as bad a state of affairs as at any of
those previously inspected. Short meas
urement and the poorest quality of lum
ber to be obtained were the rule without
an exception, wmle the city had been In
variably charged the highest contract
price.
If the city had on hand all the plank
ing it has paid for during the first half
of the present fiscal year, but no trace of
which can be found— and it is reasonable
to suppose has never been delivered —
there would be enough to replank every
school yard in the city.
The Western Addition was the scene of
operations yesterday, two schools, in ad
anion to the measurement of some addi
tional lumber found In the bill against
the Hamilton Grammar Scnool, being
gone over. In order that no question
could be raised as to the thoroughness of
the Investigation several hours were
spent at each nlace ana every nook and
crevice ransacked for the missing lumber.
The Crocker Grammar School on Page
street, near Baker, was the first on the
list. Here the yard had been replanked
and Borne of the stairs repaired, the lum
ber bill for the job calling for the follow
ing quantities of No. 1 lumber, but in
every lot only the poorest quality being
BREWERS MUST
PAY IN CASH
Tax Is Paid Only When the
Stamps Are Attached to
the Barrels.
Right to the 6aven and m Half Per
Cent Discount Not Acquired by
the Act of Purchase.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
at Washington notified Collector Lynch
yesterday of an Important decision af
fecting all beer brewers in the United
States with reference to the manner of
purchasing internal revenue stamps for
beer in barrels, and discount of 7Va per
cent allowed on the same. According to
the terms of the decision stamps must be
paid for in cash and at their full face
value.
The decision was made by the United
States Commissioner of Internal Revenue
at Washington in the case of the Ameri
can Brewery Company of St. Louis, Mo.,
vs. the United States. The contention
arose out of an application by the com
pany for beer stamps of the value of $25,
000. The company tendered in payment
for the same a certified check for $23,125,
being the amount of the face value of the
stamps, less the deduction of 77 1/*1 /* per
centum allowed by section 3341 of the Re
vised Statutes of the United States. Such
payment by check was in accordance
with the usual course of business be
tween the claimant and the ortice of the
Collector of Internal Revenue, at whose
office a statement was made in substance
as follows:
"We are temporarily out of stamps.
Leave your check and application and we
will notify you when to call for the
stamps."
About a month later the application
and check were returned to the brewing
company with the statement that owing
to the modification of section 3341 of the
Revised Statutes by the terms of section
9 of the act of July 24, 1897, the stamps
could be purchased only for their full
face value in cash.
The following paragraphs from the de
cision will be round of interest:
It is made the duty of the Collector by Section
3341, Revised Statutes to keep on hand at all
times a sufficient supply of permits and a supply
of stamps equal In amount to two months' sales
thereof. The law contemplated the possession
of stamps at the time of the sale and does not
permit transactions involving the gale of
stamps for future delivery.
The Collector Is authorized by law to sell
stamps which may be on hand at the time of
pale, but it does not permit the making of
executory contracts for future delivery. His
agency In the sale of stamps was limited by
law to a sale of the stock on hand and did
not confer the right to sell for future delivery.
The law makes it the duty of the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue to prepare suitable stamps
and furnish the same to the Collector in such
quantities as the need of the trade demands.
The Collector gets his supply from the Commis
sioner, and his agency attaches to such stamps
as he receives from the Commissioner, and be
yond tliat he has no power to bind the de
fendants in the sale of stamps.
T'nder the Act of July 24, 1597, a brewer is
compelled to pay the full face value of the
stamps purchased without deduction of 7Hc per
cent previously allowed by Section 3341, Revised
Statutes.
The purchase of stamps by a brewer does not
technically pay the tax on his production; the
tax Is paid when he attaches the stamp to the
barrel for the purpose of putting the product
on the market.
The right to the IVa p»>r cent discount is not
consummated by the mere act of purchase, but
Is dependent upon the further condition of the
stamps being used by the brewer.
Although the law uses the word "sale" as
applicable to the delivery and transfer of
stamps they do not thereby become a com
modity of merchandise In the market.
The Collector In accepting drafts in payment
of the tax acts without the authority of law
and does not bind the United States.
The Collectors .agency In the sale of stamps
is limited to the sale of stock on hand, but
does not confer the right to sell for a future
delivery.
Judgment for Bowers.
In the case of A. B. Bowers vs. A. W.
yon Schmidt 19 the United States Circuit
found: 45,780 feet of two-inch planking;
1500 feet of two-inch pine; 7466 feet of 3x6
and 7780 feet of 4x4 redwood; 576 feet of
IV4x4 inch tongue and groove flooring and
UI.S feet of stepping. This is what was
found, the most liberal allowance being
made for waste: Is.ftOO feet of planking,
a shortage of 22,75>0 feet; 73 feet of 2x4
pine, a loss of 1427 feet; a total of 7500
foet of 3x6 and 2x4 redwood, a loss of 7746
feet; 374 feet of flooring where 576 feet
had been charged; 162 feet of stepping,
only one-sixth of what. had been paid for.
In order to obtain these measurements
planks were torn up, the earth dug away
from the stringers in order to show their
size and every foot of new timber on the
premises carefully and accurately meas
ured.
The planking was measured first and
when the result was announced by the
three experts, who made the computa
tion separately with the same result, the
Grand Jury men became deeply inter
ested. Some assisted in ripping up the
planks, while the others took turns in
nailing them down after the experts had
finished their task. As an Instance of
the thoroughness of the work it may be
cited that long and careful search was
made for eighty-four feet of 3-inch
clear, that appeared among the items in
the bill, but It could not be found.
In this connection it may be mentioned
that in the hills against every school
visited so far appear one f >r more items
for insignificant quantities of lumber
such as that above given, none of which
has been found.
Second on the list was the Emerson
Primary, on Pine near Scott street. The
same careful inspection took place with
the same shameful results, less than half
the lumber charged for being .found, and
the quality of that found being the very
poorest. These wore the principal items
on the bill, with what the city actually
received: 41,875 feet of 2-inch planking
charged for, and 19,500 feet used; 16,474
feet of 4x4 redwood, 6400 feet used; 1752
feet of stepping, 501 feet used; 200 feet
of tongue and groove flooring, 173 feet
used.
It was getting late, but the committee
was anxious to know something about a
charge for 41,610 feet of 4x4 redwood that
had oeen found against the Hamilton
Grammar, so the party went to the
Geary-street premises. The yard was re
planked last summer, and the planking
was measured last Friday and found to
be far short of the quantity charged for,
but the stringers were not measured.
The entire yard was gone over, and two
or three pieces found that had been used
to brace uji the rear fence, the total
amount being I*7oo feet, a shortage of 31,910
feet, or 75 per cent of the total amount.
Ihat finished the work for the present,
at least, every member of the commit
tee being thoroughly satisfied that the
grossest fraud marked every job of re
pairing made since last July. Sixteen
schools in every section of the city have
been inspected, with the same result. Had
there been a single place where the ex
perts' measurements came anywhere near
tallying with the amounts charged, there
might have been some grounds for doubt,
but as it is t?ie members of the Grand
Jury are determined to fix the responsi
bility for the loot of the city funds.
Court to settle a contention regarding the
ownership of patent rights in the hydrau
lic dredger. Judge Morrow yesterday gave
Judgment for the plaintiff- for $1 and
costs. The costs amount to about $3000.
•-■ ♦ » -
GRAND DOGS ENTERED.
Largest Meeting of the Year Will Be
Held To-Morrow at Union
Coursing Park.
There was one of the largest and most
enthusiastic gatherings of the season last
evening in Pythian Hall to witness the
"drawing" of fast dogs for the all-age
stake and the great champion stake,
which will be held to-morrow at Union
Coursing Park.
The all-age stake was originally open
to forty-eight dogs, but leashmon were so
anxious to have representatives in the
stake that seventy-eight nominations were
received.
The club finally agreed to make the
stake eligible for sixty-four dogs, and as
a matter of solace to the sportsmen who
had, under the circumstances to withdraw
their respective charges, the directors of
the park allowed each owner of a dog or
dogs that had to be scratched a small
monetary consideration.
It will be noticed that many of the
crack dogs of the State—prize-winners
are entered in the champion stake. It is
regretted that the great Connemara was
not among the Myers, but the ones en
tered are all of high class quality, and
great coursing will assuredly result. The
drawing is as follows:
All-age Ftake-B. Dougherty's Tessie Fair vs.
P. J. Rush s Van Ni.la; Derby Kennel's Mona
V S' V v, Ma( 'k's Decorator; Simmons & Don
ohue s Moore'a Prescription vs. P \V Sheo
han's Governor Mnrkham; J. Flynn's Lady
c ay .« VS V, H - a Kay ' 8 m»-na; P. D. Roaches
Pacific Queen vs. K. Campbell's Bend Along;
F. Moran s Van Kirk vs. E. J. Heaii.-y's
Harkaway II; E. V. Sullivan's Mlra Monte vs.
F. Brcwn s Alma; A. Johnson's Tod Sloan vs.
F. B. Courtney's The Turk; 8. E. Portal's
Laurelwood vs R. b. Ka-'s Sylvia; W. Ne-
« nd «- ElyE Iy . vs - 9 - W - Smith's Sans Souci; C.
M. talkers Jersey Lily vs. Pasha Kennel's
CtT ft. il / Larke >' & Rock's Myrtle vs. C.
Shields Skylark; H. McNeil's Sportsman vs.
l\ t "ehmeyers Sunbeam; S. E. Portal's
At Last vs. P. Oorman's Kingston; E. Scott's
Lord Byron vs. c. V. Sullivan's Rocklln Belle;
Larkey & Rocks Hercules vs. E. V. Sullivan's
Mercy May; T. C. Mack's Black Pattl vs. T.
fe<-nellers I Wonder; G. Smart's Sllkwood
vs. Derby Kennel's Little Dorrlt; J. J. Ed-
T on «- S in- haw vs - A 1 Austin's Douglas; P.
A. Williams Minnie E. vs. J. Gloason's For
Liberty; McGary and Cavaney's Pigeon Toes
vs. 11. M. N. Spring's Dawn; F. Keenan's
Royal Oak vb Orient Kennel's Uncle Ram;
Gibson & Sater's Molly Bawn vs. E. V. Sulli
van s Royal Buck; Brown & Luther's Van
• « ? i.u vr M*, & Son ' s McKlnley; J. Segger
son s White Chief vs. R. B. Kay's cS-oss Paten.
™-. £ ss PP r ln«"s Pat Molloy vs. J. J. Ed
monds Move On ; T. Lettisu s Glenwood vs. J.
Tracey s hpeed ; j. Perlgo's Belle Seward vs.
PieicoA Sullivan's Little Dottle; S. E. Por
tal s Lightning vs. E. V. Sullivan's False Flat
terer: p H Hoag Jr.'s Obadlah vs. T. E.
Lovendys Meeta; M. Nealon's Van Knapp
«" , B & l on ' 8 M 'ller's Ibid; J. Walker's
Hardball vs. R. C. Scott's Mystery.
Champ on stake, entrants— T. Butler's Susie
tß't 8 ' ?. U V, & Son ' s Chartist; W. C. Glassons
Joy Bolls vs. Ueorge Whitney's Theron: E. V.
Sullivan a Jester vs. R. b. Kay's Eclipse; W.
11 Gla ?? on . s l^rrona vs. Curtis & Son's Cav
alier; I asha Kennel's Firm Friend vs. Pasha
RennW s Metallic; a. Johnson' s Mountain
Beauty vs E V. Sullivan's Flying Buck; .1.
J Edmonds Forget vs. J. J. Warren's Sweet
Lips; Pasha Kennel's For Freedom vs. T. J.
Cronln s Magnet.
♦i£ he . P rize s |n the all-age stake are 1150,
$100, two of $50, four of $25, eight of $12 50
and sixteen of $5 each. Champion stake
prizes: $250. $125. two of $50 and four of $15.
Hunted for Her Carpets.
Said a purchaser: "I got Pattosien's
prices, then hunted the town over to do
better, but returned and bought Pattos
ien s carpets."
That tells the story. Whether you want
to cover your floors with carpets, rugs
or matting, the big store in the Mission
is the place to get them. Our new spring
patterns are here, and never before ko
Cheap. Pnttosien's. corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets.
THE LADY MACCABEES.
The Lady Maccabees of Mission Hive
No. 18 will eive an entertainment and
dance in old Masonic Hall, Sixteenth and
Valencia streets, on ••• Thursday even
ing. The committee or arrangements, of
which Mrs. L. S. Bacon is chairman, has
prepared a fine programme.
NOW THE
LOTTERY
OPERATOR
He Is the Latest Dan
ger to the Trusting
Householder.
How the Vendor of the
Sure - Thing Tickets
Robs Hotel Guests.
Mrs. Daniels of the Alexandria
Loses Money and Valu
able Papers.
POLICE ON A HOT TRAIL.
They Believe That the Problem of
Many Mysterious Bobberies
Is Now Solved.
Th© Imitation gras meter man, the bogus
water inspector and the alleged laundry
men have all had their turn, and for a
time have shone in their uniqueness; but
the lottery ticket operator is a pioneer in
his line, and thus far has had no imi
tators.
Burglaries and petty larcenies of a
dozen different varieties and a dozen dif
ferent methods have been brought to
light in the past three months, but the
profession is evidently finding a higher
plane. The police have had to reclassify
their crooks and materially remodel their
methods.
For the past two months the hotel
keepers of the Sutter-street boarding
house district have been put to it to dis
cover the perpetrator of the innumerable
petty larcenies reported to them by their
guests. Purses have been reported miss-
Ing, watches gone a-glimmering and jew
els easily picked up and easily concealed
have been reported missing. Though
every energy was bent in that direction
no clew to the identity of the skillful
operator was had until yesterday morn
ing, when Mrs. J. M. Daniels a guest
at the Hotel Alexandria, 781 Sutter street,
reported that her purse containing val
uable papers and no small sum of money
had Just been stolen. She fljftly accused
a vender of lottery tickeis, who for two
months past has made it his custom to
visit the house.
Mrs. Daniels had Jupt been preparing
for a shopping trip in town. She had laid
her gloves and her purse upon the dresser
in her room and had stepped for a few '
minutes' chat to the apartments of a
friend adjoining. As sue left her room
she noticed the agent of the lottery
knocking at different doors and trying
the locks of those from which he got no
response. He was working up the hall
toward her room. After an absence of i
not more than three or four minutes she i
returned to her room and discovered her i
door wide open and her purse missing '
The alleged vender of sure-thing tickets '
in the lottery had also disappeared with
out finishing his rounds.
She immediately reported her loss and
the circumstances to the management.
Chief Lees was immediately communicat
ed with and Detective Seymour detailed
to hunt down the culprit. He has strong
clews to the man's whereabouts and he
doubtless will be soon apprehended.
It is now remembered that every case
of theft heretofore reported at the hotel
has been discovered directly after the
weekly visits of the same lottery agent.
On previous occasions two valuable
watches have been missing from different
rooms, and other larcenies of books and
baubles' have been of frequent occurrence.
It is probable that the peer of the meter
artist has been discovered.
PLAY AND OPERA.
What Is Being Done in the Local
World by Music and Erama.
Melba will have another record house
when she sings au revoir on Saturday
night. The line of ticket-seekers was a
long and steady one at the California box
office yesteruay. The programme for Sat
urday includes Melba in selected acts
from "Romeo and Juliet," "Rigoletto" and
"Faust," and in th-e mad scene from
"Lucia." The excellent little production
of "Trilby" now in course of presentation
at the California goes on the road after
the Saturday matinee.
Ferris Hartman in "The Purser" plays
all of this week and next at the Baldwin.
Pilar Morin, the famous pantomime ar
tist, follows.
Marie Jansen In "The Nancy Hanks"
will finish the Columbia engagement with
this week, giving way to Robert Mantell
in a romantic drama called "The Secret
Warrant."
" i'he Gay Parisians" is a big hit at the
Alcazar, where It is likely to score a run
of several weeks.
"The Wicklow Postman" is keeping up
the record at Morosco's;, the Orpheum
has an attractive bill and the usual audi
ences; and the Cubans and the animals
are doing well at the Zoo.
The second edition of "Sinbad" will
close with Sunday night's performance at
the Tivoli, to be replaced by a big re
vival of the popular "Wang."
Paloma Schramm gave another exhibi
tion of her precocious pianistic genius at
the Sherman & Clay Hall last night. Her
farewell concerts take place Friday and
Saturday afternoons.
Alfred Wllkie's benefit concert comes
off on Friday evening at the Sherman &
Clay Hall. A score of prominent local
soloists figure in the programme.
TAKEN FROM THE STAGE.
Little Norman Phillips, a bright, flax
en-haired boy, aged six years, was re
moved from the Orpheum Theater yester
day afternoon by Colonel Parnell of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children.
The little theatrical wonder has been
on the stage for a year or so, alternating
between Morosco's and other local houses,
until he eventually secured an engagement
at the Orpheum for $2 a week to sing and
otherwise amuse the audience.
Information having been conveyed to
the secretary of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children steps were
taken to have the child removed. Yester
day afternoon Colonel Parnell sent for
Mrs. Phillips and read the law to her
covering the case. She pleaded ignorance
of the law, and when its conditions were
explained to her she cheerfully consented
to keep her little boy home.
The father of young Norman is at pres
ent in Vallejo. He is a professor of lan
guages and was not aware of his son be
ing engaged In the theater. Mrs. Nor
man was connected with the theatrical
profession in the E-ast years ago. She
stated to Colonel Parnell that she was
saving the little fellow's earnings for the
purpose of giving him a musical educa
tion by and by, as she believes he pos
sesses rare musical talent. The parents
of little Norman are respectable and mean
to do what is right by their son, as also
to comply with the law.
A Schooner in Distress.
At a late hour last night a steam
schooner was observed displaying sig
nals of distress about ten miles west
northwest of Point Reyes. It is sup
posed that she is the Weott bound from
Eureka to this point, now two days
overdue. There was a heavy wind
blowing and the sea was running high.
The tug Reliance of Spreckels' fleet was
dispatched to her assistance at about 3
o'clock this morning.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil, and
you will have no further use for others. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Youngster.
To you he is the best boy in the
world. You want him well dressed —
may not care to pay much— here's an
opportunity. The suits are neat and
dressy and will make the little fellow
think he's one of Uncle Sam's marines.
Boys' sailor suits, in light
blue material, with large . /^Sfesr*^
square collar and shield, //v^wi
trimmed with black braid /Vcwrfe^V
and soutache ;. French cuffs, ■~-^^^|J| i &£r\
silk ribbon bow; also with si^^A^gf^^A
green collar and shield trim- ~f~~T^/-l * jv&
mcd with white silk soutache ''^iig^-Vv ,4*?*'
on red inlaid cloth. Knee «H^r-|T '"^w-
pants, buckle and bow at the |pi^' V) ""''| X I
knee; for boys 3 to 8 years \j \%
— Boys' middy suits in stvl-
tf^"| v [,- s^ light blue material
r^^^T^V . ,_*^S^-\ green collar and vest, trim-
-SiJwj^^iSi* me(^ w i tn braid and soutache.
j^j/r fjjfl Knee pants, with buckle and
/ S~\^ ill fIT bow at the knee; makes a
[W |— — J 11^ neat garment for youngsters
I/L / < ~~'r^^~/ rom 3to years old. .
Several choice lines of all-wool
suits ; checks, plaids and neat mixtures ;
ages 4 to 14 ; pretty designs for spring
and summer wear.
$2.45:
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
3-Day Specials !
Our guarantee for high-
est quality goes with every
article.
EGGS, choice ranch, doz. ■ - = 15c
WHISKEY, b0t..75c, 3 bots. $2.00
Gallon $3.00
"E. C. Berry. Bpring '90;
Regular price $1 and $4.
Cat French Prunes - = 6 lbc. 25c
•Latest crop— fine flavor.
Regular price 4 lbs 25c.
MANZANILLA OLIVES- - 20c
Gallon 7Oc
Very delicious;
Regular price 25c and 90c.
DOVER EGG BEATER ----- 10c
Best known brand.
Regular price 15c .
21 STOCKTON 5T.73253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. \ Telephone West 152.
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to Mail Orders.
SUPPLIES
« KLONDIKE
I should Include -..-..
j; BORDEN'S |
Peerless Brand
j EVAPORATED CREAM<
1 1 UNSWEETENED S
i I The high reputation for keeping /
I qulity . is already . well estab- %
■ i "Shed ; hence, no experiment. \
i ' NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO. >
WI. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW, :
Tenth Floor, ■ Room 1015, Claus SprecHela Bldg. i
■ Telephone Brown 931. ' ■'•;' '
Residence, 821 California street, below Powell. ;
San Francisco.^: : ■ • - . '•.•••
■*■"■■ help when all el so falls, Mfrlasses helpeyef.
Self-adjusting. VoPaln. Whlspenihcard. Send to CRCC
F. Ulkox 858 B'vnj, K.X., for Book aad Proofs I lI Cm
83 S2 S2 22 82 S2 S2 S2 82 82 82 82 22 ?s
" CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. 88
♦5 Write for booklet, "About Furniture " 2
55 If s free. *■"■
SS ■ y^^r xly. ij jj
2S 'r'/ferlSr ' fW ' ' $3
c» == ?? — I SS
88 - S3
SS SIDEBOARDS. 55
•o OUR STOCK OF SIDEBOARDS IS ASo,
ot LARGE AS ANY TO BE SEEN ELSE-* 3
~ WHERE IN THIS CITY — PRICES
#0 LOWER.
c • We have lust unpacked a lot like the 2$
*J one pictured above— g_
55 A Speoial This Week at - - $9.75^
•o Finished in Antique— Plate
o» Mirror. gj
I J. NOON AN, S
S 1017-1023 Mission Street, c.
*:• Above Sixth. **
25 Phone South 14. Open Evenings. S3
g?BBS2SS;3SS22S2S2SS£S3g2S2SSg3g2
POSITIVELY
The Last Week.
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH PI IP 0
PERSIAN nUuU
B. H. PAUL'S entire stock, before his depart-
ure to Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
AUCTION
COMMENCING DAILY. AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine good*
at your own prices.
* N. B. CLARK. Auctioneer.
i2osT*r
• "R|l%v IS THE PROPER DISTANCE
at wHkH aHorhal eye should clearly '
Oi^TiHGUiSH LETTER 3 /B<f AH iHCH UOHG.
CALL and HAVE Y°UR EYES TESTED
*Vi FREE cfCHARGt. "'■•&'
642 MARKET St.
OMDtR C-KSIOKICLE BUILDING.
DR.MCNULTY.
T? rs WXLXr-KNOWjH AND RELIABLE OU»
-L .S[i«-ialLst cures Private,!? mid Sklii
diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' expprieiice. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. ; Terms reuaouable. Hours, 9 to 3
dally ;6:30 t0 8.30 Sandays.lOtoli C.nsulu-
tlon free and sacredly confldenUa". Call or address
j ">■.■.,; P. ROSCOE QCKITI.TT, M. »., ■
[ 20% Scam; Street. Saa Francisco* CmL