VOLUME LXXXm.— NO. 4l\
THE ANNEXATION
STRUGGLE IS ON
AT THE CAPITAL.
THE TREATY
HAS STRONG
OPPONENTS
Grave Senators Re
solved to Hold Se
cret Sessions.
The War of Conquest to
Be Carried On Behind
Closed Doors.
onort or the Votes Needed tc
Secure Ratification of the
Convention.
EXCUSE FOR SECRECY.
Amona Other Thinps the Asiatic Situ
ation and th* 1 Monroe Doctrine
Were Lugged In.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, D. C, Jan. 10.
The debate on the Hawaiian treaty
began in the Senate to-day. After the
transaction of morning business, Sen
ator Davis of Minnesota, chairman of
the Committee oii Foreign Relations,
moved that the Senate go into execu
tive session, which was agreed to. The
. galleries were cleared and the doors
locked. The treaty was not taken up
Immediately, as considerable time was
consumed in the consideration of Pres
idential nominations. The nomination
of Mr. McKenna as Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court to succeed Field
■was referred to, .-nd the chairman of i
the Judiciary Committee, Senator Hoar !
of Massachusetts, said it had not been
-considered in the committee, because
some of the members wished first to
dispose of those nominations to which
no objection was offered. He said the
committee would take up the McKenna
nomination and consider it to-morrow.
The' annexation treaty was then
taken up. Senator Pettigrew of North
Dakota, who is opposed to annexation,
immediately offered a resolution pro
■ viding that the treaty be debated in
open session. He supported his resolu
tion in a speech, contending there was
• no' need for secrecy, that the people
were greatly interested in the question,
and had a right to know what was
taking place from day to day.
:■■.; Senator Davis opposed the resolution,
saying it had been long the custom to
-. con^id-er treaties in executive session,
•.and there was now no reason for de
parting from this time-honored cus
.. torn.
/_ OiheF Senators supported the reso
: lution, declaring that the whole ques
tion had been discussed in the public
press; that the people had become fa
. miliar with the terms of the treaty and
.'there would be no new points exploited.
-It •".was said by other Senators that
there would certainly be new questions
presented, and that the situation in the
'^Chinese Empire would be discussed,
and that this was a matter not for
open discussion since it involved ques
tions of. diplomacy of vital interest to
the United States.
; The debate on the Pettigrev resolu
tion continued for about two hours.
, "Gray of Delaware. Mason of Illinois!
•and. White of California being conspir
.uous. White made a vigorous speech
in favor of an open session. The speech
,^of Senator Spooner of Wisconsin op
posed an open session, but at the same
time Its tenor clearly indicated that
he was strongly opposed to annexa
tion.
It was finally decided to consider the
treaty in executive session. The ayes
and noes were not called, and as no
record was made of the vote, which
was viva <•■>•. it Is impossible to give
the standing of the Senators. The fact
that the Senate - decided in fa
vor of executive sessions is not an in
dication of the sentiment on the ques
tion of annexation itself. The opinion
is now generally expressed among Sen
ators familiar with the situation, that
the necessary two-thirds cannot be se
cured. The opposition has at least 35
votes, while there are only 83 Sena
tors in all. Senator White.' in conver
sation to-night expressed a positive be
lief that the treaty would be de- <
feated.
Gorman of Maryland is very active
in favor of annexation. Morriil of Ver
mont, who is very influential, is pre
paring a most exhaustive speech in op
position, which he will deliver in a
few days. Hoar of Massachusetts, de- i
spite all reports to the contrary, will
probably oppose the treaty.
Senator Morgan was the principal op
ponent of the proposition for on open
debate. He talked at length upon the
Importance of obeying the Senate, rules
in discussing this question, contending
that as the Senate was acting only in
advisory capacity to the executive it
i would be an act of bad faith for it to
* throw open the doors to the public.
Most of th- Senators who spoke in
opposition to open sessions referred to
the probability that the action of the
European powers in their evident pur
«^se of partitioning the territory of
The San Francisco Call
MORRILL OF VERMONT.
One of the Most Prominent Leaders in the
Fi£ht Against Annexation.
China would form the basis of much
of the debate on the question of Ha
waiian annexation. All who referred
to this phase of the question mani
1 a disposition to regard it as a
delicate and complicated on-, and one
which it were better should be venti
lated behind closed doors. It was
also intimated that The Monroe doc
trine would come in for a fair share ol
discussion before the close of the de
bate, and it was asserted that this was
a question which could be more freely
discussed in executive than in open
session.
Senator White whs among those
who replied to thesp statements. He
spoke spiritedly and in sarcastic vein
of the folly of attempting to keep < x
ecutive secrets within ih»- control i f
the Senate. He made reply to the sug
gestion that the control of publicity in
regard to the treaties should be left to
the Executive, saying that th»» treaty
itself had been made public, also the
President's message on the subject.
Mr. Merrill contended that the ques
tion of annexation was one of much
public interest and said that on this
account the public should be fully in
formed of the reasons for and against
annexation.
Senator Mason took advantage of
the opportunity to make a sp< ech di
rected against executive sessions. He
announced his intention to support the
motion for an open session and sail
he would take advantage of all such
openings to exercise his Influence to
break down the Senatorial rule for se
cret sessions.
Senator Davis announced his pur
pose to call up the treaty again to
morrow and press it a? rapidly as pos
sible. -1 • probably will make a speech
in general advocacy of the treaty at
to-morrow's session.
The annexationists now claim lifty
nine votes for the treaty, lacking only
one of the number to ratify it. On the
other hand the nppositi<.*» say the
ratifiers will fall short from three to
five votes.
SENATE POLLED
SHOWS THE TREATY
IS SHORT OF VOTES.
Fire Doubtful Men in the Senate Whom
the Annex ationists Claim, but
Are Not Sure Of.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
As a result of a canvass I made of the
Senate to-day it can now be positively
stateri that there are ftfty-eeven Sen
ators who will vote for the treaty ol
annexation after an amendment has
adopted which will prevent rh
possibility of Statehood for the islands
■ntil after such time as the majority
of the population shall be of the Cau
casian race. There are twenty-seven
Senators against the treaty and flve'are
doubtful. The advocates of annexation
claim all five of the doubtful one.,
which would give them two more than
are necessary to secure ratification.
Here is the result in detail of the poll
which I have made:
For ratification: Aldrich, Allison,
Baker, Burrows, Cannon, Carter,
Chandler, Clark. Cullom, Davis, Deboe,
lOlkins, Fairbanks, Koraker, Five, Oal
lingf-r Cear. Gorman, Hale. Hanna,
Hansbrough, Harris, Hawley, Heit
feld. Hoar. Jones of Nevada, Kyle,
Lodge, Ifcßride, McMillan. Mantle,
Mason, Money. Morgan, Murphy, Nel
son, I'enrose, Perkins, Pettus. Platf.of
Connecticut, Platt of New fork,
Pritchard, Proctor. Quay. Rawlins, Se
well. Shoup, Spooner, Stewart, Teller,
Thurston. Turner. Turpie, Warren,
VVetmore, Wilson, Wolcott.
Against ratification: Allen. Bacon,
Bate, Berry, Butler. Caffery, Chilton,
Clay, Cockroll, Daniel, Faultier.
Gray, Jones of Arkansas, Lindsay, Ifc-
Fery, McLaurin, IfaHory, Martin,
Mills. Mitchell. Pascoe. Pettigrew, Till
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1898.
man. Turpey. Vest. Walthall, Whit?.
The doubtful Senators are: Messrs
Kenney, Morrill, Roach. Smith and
\\ elling
It is the belief of Senator Davis, wifn
leads the light on the Republican side
and of Senator Gorman, who is one of
the leading Democrats in favor of the
treaty, that all five of the men classed
as doubtful will vote for the treaty,
thereby assuring its ratification. -
Senator White, who leads the opposi
tion, has declared that if necessary the
treaty will be talked to death.
COMPROMISE AS
TO LITTLE KOREA
Terms of the Agreement Be
tween England, Japan
and Russia.
How the Customs Commissioners or
the Three Grraaping Powers Will
Be Distributed.
Sprr-ia? Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, Jan. 10.— According to a
special dispatch from Shanghai it is
said that th" agreement between Eng
land. Japan and Russia with respect to
Korea Involves a restoration of th^
Status quo and the reinstatement of
McLeavy Brown as Chipf Commissioner
of Customs, with a Russian Commis
sioner at Gensan. the port of Hrough
ton Hay. on the east coast, and a Jap
anese Commissioner at Fusan, in the
extreme southeast.
Sir Robert Hart, director of the Chi
nese marine customs, is negotiating
with the Chinese Government for a
loan. Th<- Emperor took tho negotia
tions away from the Tsung Li Yamen
in disgust at the previous Failures.
Right Hon. Arthur J. Balfour, First
Lord of the Treasury and Oovprnment
leader in the House of Commons, ad
dressed his constituents at Manchester
this evening. Turning to China, he
said their interests there were commer
cial and not territorial. Except as the
base ror pnssilt!.' warlike operations
the territory v.ovid be a disadvantage.
because it would involve responsibility
and expense in money and men. Be di
lated upon the fact that the extent of
our trade in China gives us a special
claim to prevent her pursuing a policy
that would discourage trade.
There was no objection, said Mr. Bal
four. in conclusion, to Russia having
an ice free port provided Kngland was
not excluded; but the Government
would do its utmost to prevent China
yielding to foreign pressur.- to make
regulations adverse to (treat Britain,
or "any improbable but possible at
!■ nipt to dot the coast of China with
foreign stations by protectionist coun
tries who would raise customs or other
barriers to our trade."
McKENA'S CONFIRMATION
DELAYED IN COMMITTEE.
The Report Is N< to Depend Princi
pally Upon the Stand of Hoar of
Massachusetts.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The Post's
Washington special says: Members of
the Senate Committee on Judiciary are
reticent about expressing an opinion as
t«. the outcome of McKenna's nomina
tion, but it has been intimated that the
report will depend principally upon
Senator Hoar <X.) of Massachusetts,
\vh«> is chairman, and as Senator Hoar
has expressed a most profound con
tempt for the American Protective As
sociation it is fairlysafetopredict that
in S. Ear as the objection to McKenna
emanates from that source he will dis
regard it. M< Kenna's name has been
before the committee about a month,
which is ■ most extraordinary delay
for an appointment of this kind.
RECITES THE TRAGEDY
OF A GOLDEN LAND
IN FIRE AND SNOW
SAM I. WALL I
WRITES FROM
DAWSON CITY
Telling of Suffering
From Cold and
Hunger.
Of Wild Life and Quick
Death in Arctic
Wilds.
Of Evil Hap and Fair For
tune Found in the
Klondike.
JOAQUIN'S BAD LUCK.
Livernnsh CtTM Evrn n Yellower
Tiiuje to the Atmosphere
of the Mines.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON CITY, N. W. T.. Dec. !>,
via Seattle, Jan. 10.— Since my last dis
patch, which left here in charge of J.
D. Barnes and Harry Dobson, fifteen
days ago, and which reported the de
etructlon by fire of the Klondike Church
and a lodging house, another fir.- has
occurred which destroyed the mmi
prominent and largest buildings of this
city and threaten* for several hours
its complete destruction.
The fire occurred early on Thanksgiv
ing morning, and the buildings destroy
ed were the Dawgon City Opera House,
the M. and M. saloon, and *r2hce hall
and the Dominion s,ir.. n ano^jeambling
house. These were all two-story build
ings, the upper story being occupied as
living rooms or lodging apartments.
The loss is estimated at $l. r »n,ooo.
Tom Nash, a former partner of Pete
McDonald, principal owner of the M.
and If. saloon, was arrested on suspi
cion of having lighted the lire and re
leased on ?lf>.ooo bail. He was subse
quently discharged, but has been again
arrested, the second tin only yester
day. Pete McDonald has sworn out the
warrant. Friends of Nash, however,
scoff at the charge, and declare that
Nash has a complete alibi, in that he
was seated at a gambling table for
hours before and until the cry of fire.
The firo broke out at 2 o'clock on the
morning of Thanksgiving Day, begin
ning In the private rooms of the pro
prietor of the M. and M. saloon on the
floor above th.- dance hall. Smok com
ing through the rafters gave notice to
the dancers. Two men rushed up the
stairs, and turned back at once with
the cry r.i -Fire!" and panic followed.
NEWS OF THE DAY
Weather forecast at San Fran
cisco: Fair on Tuesday; continued
cold weather, with heavy frost in the
nine; light northerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 4S degrees
Portland M degrees
Los Angeles 50 degree*
San Diego &1 degrees
FIRST PAGE. •
Fi*ht on Annexation lieglris.
Hitter Wlmrr at Pawson City.
SECOND PAGE.
Slelghrlde in the. Klondike.
Senate Confirms Nominations.
THIRD PACE.
Girl P.itten by a Mad Dog.
Hired Man Murders a Family.
Fight With a Wire- Beater.
Yankee Fishermen Lest at Sea.
Highwayman in Monterey.
Know in the Citrus Belt.
Esterhazy Put on Trial.
Hen Wants an Indemnity.
FOURTH PAGE.
The Great Battle in Ohio.
Foes of Civil Service Talk.
FIFTH PAGE.
Sacramento's Now Chief of Police.
Los Angeles School Scandal.
Jim? Last Offer to Fitz.
Edison Finds a New Metal.
Los Angeles Killer Sentenced.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Unsafe Leadership.
A Chicken-Hearted Roodler.
The Fight for the Rivers.
'Hi- Los Angeles School Scandal.
Something Groat for California.
The Hatpin's Wew Renown.
"Dr. Chapman* Crusade" by
Miriam Mlchelson.
Stories From the Corridors.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Preparations for the Jubilee.
News of the Water Front.
Close of a Famous Suit.
Rules of the Police Courts.
EIGHTH PAGE.
To-night's Fight nt Vallejo.
Freeholders Choose a Chairman
NINTH PAGE.
Death of A. E. Hi It.
New Bills at the Theaters.
What the City Fathers DM.
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Broderick and Corner Sign?.
News From Over the Bay.
TWELFTH PAGE.
A Woman Crushed by Fate.
Racing '' Oakland.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Father Lagan Talks of I>urrant.
A Policeman Broke His Nose.
A FROSTBITTEN POET.
; DAWSON CITY, Dec. 9, 1897.
I Joaquin Miller arrived yesterday from Circle City, having.
3 come up with a sled. He is in a badly frozen condition. His
8 left ear is sloughing off and he has lost a part of the great toe on
I his left foot and both his cheeks are frozen. He also suffered
• severely from falling on the ice. He was thirty-five days com-
I ing up from Circle City. He was unable to get to Fort Yukon
s and brings no news from that point, nothing having been heard
« at the time he left He says that no less than 700 men without
* provisions have gone there, 600 having passed down from there
> and abont 100 from Circle. SAM. W. WALL.
•- •? 90 •? •? ♦■? 99 ♦? 92 17 »2 f"! 97 *2 97 *? *?•-•-< .-,.,.„
The lounpers in the saloon made a run
toward the dance hall to see the cause
of the alarm, and the dancers rushed
toward the saloon. In the jam men
swore and women screamed. The jam
was broken in a few minutes, and men
and women made their way into the
street?.
Flames shortly came from the upper ,
windows Of the building. an<i it was
seen that it could not be saved. The ]
next building south was the opera
house. There was a masquerade ball
in progress. The ball had been under
preparation for weeks, and costumes
had been rigged out of every available
material. The dance hall was crowded
with maskers, and the saloon with
men and women. The cry of fire here
had the same effect as in the M. & M..
and in a few minutes saloon and dance
hall were almost emptied.
The thermometer registered 52 de
grees below zero in the street, but the ;
thinly clad maskers, men and women, ,
leaving their furs and wraps behind
them. fled. There was little wind, but j
the flames soon created enough to toss |
the torch that lifted itself above the j
big frame building first to one side and
then another, as though in doubt !
whether to spring upon the Alaska j
Commercial Company's big store and j
warehouses within half a block north
ward, or go down the line of saloons
and gambling houses southward. The
opera house could not escape.
The gambling paraphernalia and
portable furniture of all the buildings
in the block were piled out in the snow j
on the river bank as rapidly as possi- (
ble, and then an attempt was made to
break the path of the fire by blowing
up the Dominion saloon adjoining the :
opera house on the south. Twelve cans
of powder were placed in the building I
and exploded, but their only effect was
to shatter and shake it up. It did not j
fall. The fire moved down upon and \
ate it up.
There was a gap between the Domin
ion saloon and next building and there
the fire stopped, a number of dwellings
and shacks in the rear of the big build
ings being destroyed on the way. There
is now a big charred square where was
a few days ago the business center and
the center of the "life" of the town. Ta T
hi*, chairs and stoves, faro layouts
and roulette wheels, and the general j
wreckage of such a fire are still strewn (
about the streets around the charred ,
square. ' The men whose business was
interrupted have already found new j
quarters further down the water front
toward the police barracks, and are fit
ting them up for the resumption of the
game and the dance. There were only a
few people who made their homes in the
buildings destroyed, and these were
principally the proprietors or 'women '
who were under their care, and who i
readily found shelter elsewhere.
As in the fire at the Klondike church
building, a large quantity of provisions ;
was destroyed, the cache of Pete Bfo-
Donald of the M. & M. being one of the
largest of any individual in the city, i
The loss is difficult to estimate, but j
probably $150,000 would not replace it. ;
There was no means or method of com- I
bating the fire other than to remove in
advance what it might feed upon, and j
the building once attacked was simply {
A VIEW IN KLONDIKE CITY.
From a photograph by Sam W. Wall.
deserted and things that could he were
taken out <>f it.
To he sure. I. Gordon Kettles, one of
the bonanza kings, did climb on a
building with a bucket of water, but
that was because Mr. Settles was in a
mood to be reckless. When .he got
out on the roof, the ice slid him down
to the ground as though he had been
shot from a catapult. He struck in
a snowbank, and was picked up and
carried to the Pioneer saloon, where he
soon recovered. The scene at the fire
was a remarkable one. but it is dwelt
up. in in my diary some pages from
which I shall add hereto as they pre
sent the details of the most important
happenings of the city in their se
quence since my last dispatch.
Joaquin Miller arrived yesterday
from Circle City, having came up with
a sled. He is in a badly frozen con
dition. His left ear is sloughing off,
he his lost a. part of the great toe of
hi? left foot, and both his cheeks are
frozen. He also suffered severely from
felling on the ice. He was thirty-five
days coming up from Circle City. He
was unable to get to Fort Yukon and
brings no news from that point, noth
ing having been heard from it at the
time he left. He says that no less
than TOO men without provisions have
gone there, fiOO having passed down
from here and about 100 from Circle.
Since Captain Wray of the United
States army took a bargeload of forty
men from Circle, bound through the
Flats to Yukon, October 16, no com
munication has been had with that
northern post. Very many people here,
and especially among the new comers,
have friends and relatives at Fort Yu
kon, where they were compelled to
send them for lack of provisions, and
tiny are, of course, very anxious about
them.
Mr. Miller brings a story of great suf
fering along the river by parties who
were caught in the ire on their way
to Yukon, but who had not yet reached
Circle. He reports also the death of
Charles Anderson, a young man from
Brooklyn. X. V.. who accidentally shot
himself while in a boat about fifty
milos above Circle. The body of young
Anderson lay in the boat, the ice
jammed about it, and the boat was
carried far out in the stream with open
water or thin ice between it and the
shore, so that the party consisting of
five, whose names Mr. Miller did not
have, could not reach it. They made
their way along shore to Circle and re
ported the facts. A party returned
and found the body doubled up in the
boat and were compelled to dig it out
of the ice. They carried it to Circle
where it was properly buried. Young
Anderson shot himself, says his friends,
while raising his revolver to shoot at
a raven flying over the boat. The bul
let entered his neck just under his
chin and death was almost instanta
neous. The dead man kept a diary
in which he makes frequent reference
to his mother. He was evidently edu
cated and refined.
Numbers of men came or were car
ried into Circle City frozen. " One man,
a miner named Ryan, had to have his
feet amputated. When the ice jam
came many were wet and some started
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
to walk on in that condition. They
were soon frozen. He found suffering
all along- the river. He says they passed
one or more boats in the ice every day
of their trip. Mr. Miller is in excellent
spirits, despite his severe experience.
He is stopping with Captain Hanson
of the Alaska Commercial Company
and is g-ettinpc thoroughly rested up.
H^ had intended Koins out over the ice
at once, but has boon persuaded not to
think of such a thins for some time
at least.
Mr. Miller's companion on the trip up
was Harold Cnnovan of Ottawa, lately
attached to the <-oast Burvey. Mr. Can
ovan suffers from a frozen knee.
Captain Geiger of Puget Sound ar
rived the same day with Mr. Miller in
company with two Indians, Kitka and
Zuriska. the discoverers of gold in the
circle City district. Both the Indians
had their cheeks frozen. Miller and his
companion left Circle City for this
place on the morning of the I'Tth of
October. They were unable to buy
dogs, because of the great scarcity of
the animals and the large demand for
them for freighting. They offered
fancy prices, but were compelled to
start away pulling their outfit on a lit
tle sled by hand. They fell in with
freighters soon after their start and
secured assistance from them. They
also hired Indians with dogs to help
them on from camp to camp. The
story of Mr. Miller's trying experience
I will tell further along under the date
of his arrivel here, when he tells it to
me.
The steamers Bella and AVeare, old
liners, and the little new steamers Vic
toria and St. Michael, are at Circle
City, frozen up in a slough- for the win
ter. The latter two were caught there
on the way up by the ice and the other
two on their way to Fort Yukon
from this city for another cargo of
provisions and could get no further.
Nothing has been heard of the May
West, the steamer built at St. Mich
ael during the summer, and which
started up the river loaded with pro
visions by the passengers of the Ex
celsior — San Francisco people. Mr.
Miller started to go to Fort Yukon in
a small boat when his steamer stopped
at Circle City, but the boat was caught
in the ice fifty miles below Circle City
and he and his two companions re
turned to that town. It was after that
that 100 men were sent there for lack
of provisions in two barge loads, the
last in charge of Captain Ray of the
United States army, the officer sent
here with power to act for the Govern
ment. When the Weare stopped at
Circle the "Pirates," as they were call
ed, protested and urged the captain to
go on. He thought it unsafe, however,
in the condition of the river, and
ran the boat into a slough, where she
was quickly held fast by the ice.
Then there came a spell of warmer
weather, the river being free of ice and
the boat was chopped out and the
pirates declared if the captain didn't
go on to Yukon and attempt to bring
more provisions they would take pos
session of the boat themselves and run
her down. That night, before any move
could be taken by anybody, the mer
cury dropped and the boat was frozen
in fast. Captain Ray then set himself
the task of getting the surplus popula
tion to Fort Yukon. He sent the first
barge of sixty men with the promise
that he would himself follow in the
next barge. He did so a few days later
with forty men. Nothing has been,
heard of them since then.
Mr. Miller says they have plenty of
moose and caribou in the vicinity of
Circle, and he insists there san be no
fear for lack of provisions.
A great deal of feeling has been,
aroused in this city and district in the
matter of the commission of three dele
gates to carry the miners' memorial to
Ottawa protesting against recently
adopted mining regulations. One of
these delegates is the representative of
the Examiner-Journal, K. J. Livernash.
He was appointed by the committee of
ten, as the others were, but a bitter op
position to him has been active among
the miners from the. beginning. He waa
openly and strongly opposed when2
nominated in the miners' meeting, the
reasons given being that h|; candidacy
was simply a play for the advertising
of his newspaper, it was urged that, if
he were selected to to Ottawa, the
government would look upon the whole
affair in the li^lit of a newspaper fake
and would simply throw the memorial
in the waste basket.
Livernash took this reference to him
as a personal insult, he said, and made
a violent Bpeech in which he declared
that he represented as much capital as
any man in the room, that he was ac
tiveiy interested in mines, owned a
claim, and had interests in several
others, and that he was not a mero
newspaper reporter, but was the. as
sistant managing editor of one of the
greatest newspaper in the country.
This speech only quickened the op
position and in order to get the quar
rel out of the way of the meeting and
adjust the difficulty with the least of
fense to anybody, it was proposed that
a committee be appointed with power
in select the three delegates. Liver
nash at first opposed this, declaring it
was dear to him that the committee
would be stuffed against him. He
wanted the meeting to name the dele
gates. The committee was appointed,
however, and he was placed on it him
self.
I made no reference to any of this
in my dispatch that reported the meet
ing because I deemed it a detail of
smali importance, the business having
been concluded and Livernash named
as one of the three. It becomes impor
tant, in view of the general expression
of protest that has since been made as
ii gainst his going to Ottawa.
A petition circulated in town and on
the creeks, asking the committee of ten
to reconsider his appointment and to
name some other in his stead, secured
in a few days 2000 signatures. It was
being actively pushed for even a larg
er list, and in the meantime members
of the committee were informed and
asked to get together and decide upon
tu>me other man.
Livernash was to have started out
to-morrow. That was the date he had
fixed. Hearing of the movement
against him, he got together what of
his outfit he could quickly and left town
last Friday. He went up the river a
few miles and made camp there to
await his party. Frank Slavin, the
prize-fighter, who is going with Liv
ernash, is still in town, and says he
hi i•s to get away to-morrow. The
miners who signed the petition are
greatly incensed at Livernash's action,
and it is more than likely a meeting
will be called to make informal protest
to < >ttawa.
Captain Hanson, the local head of the
Alaska Commercial Company, told me
to-day that his clerks have an average
cf 100 requests for food every day that
he is unable to grant. Men not only
offer to pay for provisions, but offer the
< lerks all manner of bribes to fill their
orders. It sec-ir.s impossible, he says,
to make the people believe that there
is nothing in the store to sell in the pro
vision line.
"I have at times been worried be
cause of the responsibility I took in
urging men to go to Fort Yukon," said
Captain Hanson, "but I am now con
vinced that I was right. If there were
600 men more in this place without pro
visions there would be certain starva
tion. Relief cannot be brought here by
teams. The best dog team in the
country isould not land more than 2')o
pounds, and no team can make more
than two trips. There are not dogs
igh in the country to make any
material Impression in, case of famine."
Xoth withstanding the signs of great
scarcity of food, there is nevertheless a
much easier feeling here in this matter.
The great exodus of men, first down
the river and now up. has brought re
lief i n two ways— there are not only
fewer men to feed, but nearly every
man going out has swelled the stock of
provisions here by leaving his surplus.
This has been such a material quan
tity that three restaurants have
i : ened. The price of a meal In any one
of these i onsisting of a very slim piece
of meat, .t dish of some one vegetable,
bread without butter, pie and coffee, Is
|3 50. Pie and coffee is $1 50. These res
taurants do a good business. They are
backed by the gambling fraternity, to
whom they are a godsend. With no
place to get a meal, the miners on the
creek did not dare to come to town.
The terrible march over the ice is
now fully under way, and there are
now over 400 men or. the trail. Very
many go without any equipment for
such an undertaking and apparently
without any conception of the danger
they must encounter. I have seen half
v dozen start out with nothing more
than what they carried in their pack
straps on their backs. One man I saw
Mart in this way alone— no tent, no
bU,v-. little clothing and little provi
sion. His name is Henry Pellet of Sioux
Palls. A score of men start out every
day. The great majority are without
dogs ami "have their outfits on clumsy
pleds which they have made themselves
and which are scarcely fitted for the
work they will be required to do. These
sleds are often loaded so that the men
haul them with difficulty over level
ground ; indeed, they must be so loaded
if the person carries with him an
equipment in any wise in keeping with
the requirement of his journey. How
they expect to make their way over the
heaped up masses of ice that lie in their
way only desperate necessity can sug
gest.
For ten days the temperature has
ranged from 40 to 57 degrees below zero,
at no time rising above 40 below. There
is little wind at any time and the in
tense cold is still and in its effect
stealthy. One does not appreciate how
cold it is. The air is perfectly dry and
exhilarating, there is none of that
searching shivering sensation that at
tends the cold weather of Cape Cod.
Men who know the weather, and it does
not take long to get acquainted with it.
go about dressed in furs, with head,
hands and feet especially well protect
ed. Others will venture considerable
distances from a lire in their shirt
sleeves. The careless soon wear weath
er marks. They are frozen before they
know their danger. The faces and fin
gers tingle a little. It is to be expected,
as all cold weather has that effect, but
a moment later the face or fingers are
discovered to be frozen.
A friend of mine had his hand frozen
through allowing it to get from under
the cover while he slept. A man got
his feet frozen in his cabin before he
got his tin stove working in the morn
ing. It is in weather like this that the
army of the unprovisioned tramp to
salt water and the outer world. Re
ports come in daily from those still
headed this way, who were stopped by
the closing of the river. George Welsh
of Waverley, N. V., was taken into the
police barracks yesterday with a frozen
arm. He had come down from his
camp ten miles up the river to secure
•r prepare a safe cache for his goods
here. Welsh's arm was frozen on the
tramp down. He was tarrying a pack
<>n his back, and the straps on the
shoulder checked the free circulation in
his arms. There are two others in his
party, both of whom are severely
frozen; one of them, George Winters,
an old man, has both feet frozen, his
ankles being swollen and the flesh
broken. James Sironaeh, the third, is
also badly frozen. The party was
caught in the ice crush thirty miles up,
and has ever since been plodding on
toward this city, having in three weeks
made twenty miles with their entire
outfit.
Welsh says there were days at first
following the jam that they struggled
the entire day chopping a passage
through the ice to make a distance of
one mile. In their crippled condition
they are going to try to bring their
goods to this city without moving camp
again until they move it finally here.
Qeorge Winters is an old soldier of the
Union army and James Stronach of the
Confederate army, and both are suf
fering in the same tent. They say that
the war developed no such hardships as
they are now undergoing.
James Carter, who came down after
! the ice stopped running, tells the story
of the loss of a boat with three men,
Judge Sullivan, Dr. Harvey and a Mr.
Dillon, all of Colfax, Washington.
Carter says he and his party had made
a landing before the ice jam took place
and that from the shore he saw a boat
caught out in the stream between two
lloes, crushed and carried under, and
that the three men went down with it.
The men were all fellow-passengers of
' Carter on the steamer Klder, that
failed from Portland on the 2">th of
July. The fatality occurred only about
twenty miles above the city, from
which point Carter walked to town.
With the slacking: of the tension in
regard to provisions, interest in mining
has intensified. There is a stampede
at least once a week to some creek in
the district near or far, and the work
in the commissioner's office has grown
very heavy recording newly staked
claims.
Reports of new discoveries come from
all quarters. The reports from the
creeks where systematic prospecting is
going forward is of such a character as
to create and sustain this excitement,
t 'ii l'pper Bonanza, as high as 122, very
rich gravel has been found and the
greatest expectations »are sustained
with regard to bedrock. The twenty
per cent tax proposed to be levied hy
the government on the product of the
Claims has had the effect of stopping
all boasting about the great yields of
the mines, and it is now very difficult
to get at the product of any particular
claim. However, a very rich strike has
the effect of driving the lucky miner
to drink in most cases and then he
talks. It was through this agency that
rich pay was reported from r?ear Creek.
a few days ago, and another sweep of
excitement spread through the camp.
George Howard took $76 from one pan
on his branch claim No. 4, on the right
side of Skookum Gulch, a few days
ago. He tried a second pan and got
$86. This is the first report from the
right side of Skookum. The left was
repDrted quite as rich some months ago.
Deadw 1 Creek is known to be very
rich, as heavy covered gold has be»n se
cured in the gravel. The Deadwood
empties into the Yukon four miles be
low Dawson, but from the opposite side.
The sale by Louis LePlant to Jim
Haggen of a half interest in 43 on
Hunker frrr $30,000 has precipitated a
very pretty race between dog teams to
Circle City. Fred Trump, now in Cir
cle, offered a half interest in 46, three
claims above Haggens, for $2000 last
summer. Since then 43 has developed
big prospects, and the sale to Haggen.
a Snohomish, Wash., man, quieted all
doubts as to its wealth. Two parties
started on Monday to go to circle City
to find Trump, who is not supposed to
know the value of his property, to buy
it from him for those $2000 perhaps.
Tom Lynch got out with five dogs last
night. He will travel as nearly all the
time as he can. He goes on behalf of
a gambler mimed "Goldie." There are
several others about to attempt to
overtake him.
Despite the depth of snow that cov
ers everything: and the Intense cold, a
good deal of prospecting is being done
for quartz. Quartz in the Bonanza or
El Dorado hills is held to be the thing
most to be desired, and parties are
spending the winter among them, look
ing for the white rock with the yellow
metal in it. Several finds have been
made, which the prospectors believe are
the foundations of great fortunes.
James Pyle yesterday filed a quartz
claim on the point of the hill rounding
out from Skoo-kum Gulch to Bonanza
Creek, and covering some 90 placer
claims. The placer claims, however,
have prior right under the law, and
must be worked out before the quartz
claim may be worked. The All-Gold
group of quartz claims and the Too-
Much-Gold group, covering the two
lodes extending through the hills from
one to the other of the creeks of the
same names, are said to have shown
very rich prospects. The following
pages from my diary will take up the
story of life in Dawson where my dis
patch of November 21 left it:
Nov. 21— Nigger Jim walked into Jim
mie. Kerry's saloon, scene of the recent
robbery of J22.000, this morning about I
o'clock and called for a drink. As the
whisky was placed before him Jim SHid:
"Now, I don't want you people to pet ex
cited, but I have come for that SSifft that
I left here, and that you stole from me."
As he said this Jim drew a revolver and
presented it at the breast of the bar
keeper, Ed Lord. Lord tried to langli
over the uselessness of the pun, and pro
tested that he knew nothing of the
money and could not give it up.
"Then 111 kill you." said Jim. cocking
the revolver. Lord raised his hands anrl
made oath that he did not know where
the money was.
"Give up the money," cried Jim, "give
me the money or I'll kill you. I came in
here to get that money or commit mur
der. Give me the money."
Lord gave him the money, handing the
sack with $SOOO of gold dust over the
bar.
"Now," said Lord as he did so, "kill
me; you might as well kill me new, any
how."
"No," said Jim, "the other fellows may
do that. I've got all that I wanted out
of you. Now everybody in the house
come and take a drink."
They went and took several drinks
Jim went down the line later and "trfn
ned" up the town. It was net long before
everybody knew that the robbery ai
Keery's, which had been under suspi
cion, was the act of attaches of th»
house. Subsequently Lord conducted the
officers who arrested him to the hiding
places of $12,000 more of the Itoieti
money. That left him but J2OOO to be ac
counted for, and Lord said he could not
do that. He was then taken to the lock
up at the barracks, where he has since
been confined.
While Nigger Jim was entertaining the
town further up the Btreet a man stag
gered into the lodging-rooms over the
Klondike church. He lighted a candle
in a miner's candlestick and tried to
thrust the iron point In the wall. The
THE SAX FTCAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUABY 11, ISH?*.
SLEIGH RIDE ON THE KLONDIKE.
candle fell and the building was bunted.
There were twelve men lodging in the
house. They ail had their caches Hut*',
and there were besides two other caches.
All the men were In bed and the fire de
veloped so (ast that they had no time
even to save their clothes. Many of
them left their gold«*acks In their trou
eer pockets and escaped Into ■ tempera
ture of 32 degrees below zero In their
stocking feet. The building and its con
tents were completely destroyed and the
adjoining building, occupied by Trett,
Crawford A Dupras, was badly scorched.
Those who were burned out took refuge
in this building and Crawford and Colo
nel Trett supplied them with clothes fir
the time being. These twelve men, all
of them previously well supplied, were
rendered wholly destitute by the tire.
Eleven thousand pounds of provisions
were destroyed, which at the current rate
of $1 a pound means a loss to them of
111,000, exclusive of clothes, guns and
other equipments and the money that was
burned. Later in the day the Chamber
of Commerce and Mining held a meeting
to take action for their relief. A com*
mittee was appointed composed of Colonel
Trett and Falcon Joslyn of Seattle and
Edgar Misner of Pan Francisco, to secure
subscriptions of food and clothing for
them. Their names are: Joseph Harris.
Frank Walstons, McAfee and his part
ner, Captain (ir«<n of Seattle, and Messrs.
Berry Lloyd, Davidson, King, Jones and
a partner of th<- las! Dami d
The building destroyed was owned by
Napoleon Dupras of Seattle, as Is also
the adjoining building. The burned build
ing had only been completed about a
month, and had been temporarily rented
by Rev. Wells Young as a Presbyterian
mission, and servta i had been held in
it only two or thr.-.- times. Mr. Young
was also about to start a pu). lit library
in the building. Mr. Dupras had planned
to connect this and the adjoining build
ing and open a large hotel there next
spring. He was going out over the ic..
to bring in certain things needful to this
purpose.
The tire has changed hi.- plans some
what, but he still contemplates the jour
ney ( U t. There was at the time of the
lire stored in one of the rooms sixty-live
pounds of dynamite, together with a
quantity of caps and giant powder. The
dynamite and powder burned before the
caps began to explode, it is presume.;, or
otherwise thire would have ) ti still an
other story. The caps kept exploding at
intervals for hours after they began.
At b o'clock this morning, 1 started
"out" with the Barnes party. I traveled
With them all day in order to get a prac
tical idea of the trip that ho many are
taking. Half the days travel was over
and through ice piled in such confusion
as to keep th«» Sled bottom up much of
the time. A large part of the days jour
ney was through a slough of the river,
one of those horrors to the men poling
up stream, but where the ic t > was com
paratively smooth. We made camp at 4
o'clock, as it was then too dark to travel.
The temperature was 4r> below.
We camped in the WOOda on a high
bank, up which we carried the tent and
camping outfit and left the sled on the
trail. The snow w;ts a foot deep. We
felled a fir tree to get "feathers" for a
bed. found plenty of dry wood and the
inside of the tent was made warm and
comfortable in a few minutes. The dogs,
upon being released from harness, played
In the snow and then disappeared for so
long a time we thought they had pone
back to town. Tht-y w«-r»- probably after
a caribou, the tracks of which we had
paused an hour befon , f>>r they came
back about 8 o'clock showing signs of, a
long ch.ise. They were fed and all of
them taken into the tent, for the night
was very cold, and Dobson got up Jltctig
toward morning and built a lire, which
he kept going.
November B— Broke camp at 7 o'clock,
though still dark, and I started back,
while PaiUSS and DobBOB went on to
gether on their long tramp toward Dyea.
I passed two camps of men who had
been caught in the ice and who are mak
ing their way toward Dawson. I also
passed three men, each dragging a sled,
going out. They were Dr. K. \V. Croup
and R. H. Johnson of Walla Walla and
Henry Pierce of Arizona. They were
when I met them in the slough on the
level ice. five miles south of Dawson, and
w< re Ifisnlm in their traces, like men
working hard. I talked with them. They
sai.i they rnailscni the difficulties of t h<-ir
undertaking, but there was nothing left
for them to do. They hail plenty Of pro
visions for the trip, and although they
would be compelled to travel slowly, ex
pected to get out all right.
November 24— A meeting was held this
evening at Pioneer Bali called by the
Pioneer* and the Chamber of Commerce
and Mining for the purpose of taking
steps toward the. establishment of a pub
lic library. A committee was appointed
to secure the loan or subscription of
books from those who have them.
Thursday. Nov. 2.'— The cries of men
rendered faint by distance awakened *me
early this morning. I heard what seemed
to be the crash of timbers also. I turned
toward the window. A faint red plow
tinned the frosted pane, and I knew that
another lire was in progress. My cabin is
on the hillside, just enough above the
level to command a complete view of the
town, that from this point extends under
the line of the river. The white roofs of
the little city were glistening in the light
of a blaze that it seemed must certainly
carry it out of existence this Thanks
giving morning. The flame rose from the
very center of the town, rolling from side
to side, like a fleeing snake. The cries
that announced the fire ceased and the
red blaze waved in the sky, silently.
Smoke, rendered dark and dense out of
proportion to the blaze by the low tem
perature, rose in immense circles, spread
ing and remaining above the city. From
liaek of the hills eastward, beyond the
Klondike to the white hills on the fur
ther side of the Yukon, across the hori
zon, the shimmering fingers of the aurora
reached up to the zenith. On the slopes
of the hill to my right and left the little
cabins of the new-comers were half bur
ied in snow and no sound or light from
From a photograph by Sam W. Wall.
any of them gave signs of a conscious
ness within of what was passing here.
Tlier.' was no wind: the night was as still
as it was silent. The thermometer regis
tered ft below zero.
1 followed the trail down the hill and
out upon the frozen swamp and there
heard the scream of the snow under the
hurrying footsteps of some others too dis
tant to be seen, who bad been rouse, \ by
the tire and felt enough interest t<> come
out into this weather at this time of
night. Following First avenue straight
down its length parallel with the river,
! came to the scone of the tire. The
M. and M. saloon and dance hall, a large
two-story building, was burning and the
flames had already climbed up the side
of the opera-house adjoining. Roulette
wheels and faro tables, tin stoves and
piles of the rough furniture of the saloon.
mass, s of bedding and bedroom furniture,
pianos from the dance halls and heaps
of provisions were strewn along the edge
of the fire in the front and rear.
Although the streets were tilled with
people there was no noise save the r ,, ar
of the (lames and crash of the timbers
as they f,ll in the fire, or as men tore
them from neighboring buildings. A few
men, led by George Poster of Spokane,
swung a timber to batter down the burn
ing uprights of the M. and M., but the
Umbers were still ton tirm. There was
nothing to be done to save the buildings
already on tire, and excepting the few
engaged in carrying goods out of the
threatened houses all were spectators.
moving about to get the changing vl. Wfl
of the fire, speculating as to where it
would end and what effect the losses
would have upon the food situation.
Th- intense heat did not melt the snow
from the street Immediately about the
fire further than to cause a surface
dampness that impnr-^1 it under the feet
of the crowd and gave it the hard con
sistency Of j< c.
There had been a masquerade ball in
progress at the op. ra-house, which the
tire int«>rrnpt-d. Th« masqueraders had
been driven into the street In all the gro
tesque variety of t iHr costumes. With
them had mmc the girls from the other
dance halls and the men in furs almost
as grotesque as the masqueraders. Ifosi
of the women had run out wearing only
the light dothing in which they dance.
This queer crowd moved about the edsre
of the lire, compelled by the Intense cold
to keep close within the circle of warmth,
for just outside the touch of the weather
was most ; cute.
A little il. nkey *hat was brought In
this spring, and has become a familiar
figure beside the stove in the M. and M.
ran continually so close to the blare that
his hiiir whs singed.
As the flames took permanent hold on
the opera-house and ate through its
northern wall, three windows of the B6C
ond story were thrown suddenly out of
the shadow, the light of the tire b. ing
behind them. In the middle window
stood Mephisto of the masquerade ball,
throwing boxes and packages containing
certain treasures of the saloon to half
a dozen workers on the ground below.
The northern lights kept up their
dance overhead, and on the heights of the
white mountains to the east a line of
skeleton fir trees stood out distinctly
against thr night sky. The tossed and
broken Icefloes of the Yukon lay on the
westward side, and here and there, within
:i narrow circle, the fire touched some
.lagged point into bright distinction, but
the broad sweep of the inhospitable ice
stretched north and south into darkness.
The majesty and immensity of the setting
made the crotesquenesa of this act in the
great tragedy most notable.
Nov. 19.— The story of Alfred Anderson,
who has a lay on El Dorado, developed
to-day. He came down from the creek for
a little "time," did some drinking, went
round into one of the little red-blinded
houses in the back street and there mot
his wife, whom he had not seen for sev
eral years. Ho had built a home for her
in Wisconsin, then went to San Francisco
with the purpose of going "with a whaler,
got drunk, missed his boat, drifted to
Circle City and then came here. She went
to San Francisco, looking for him, learned
he had come to this country, followed
him, became discouraged in her search,
and so tin y met again in this house of the
abandoned. They decided to remain apart
hereafter.
Dec. l.— Wise Mike, the little donkey,
froze to (1. uth last night. His body
was found in the street this morning in
front of the El Dorado saloon. Wise Mik.
could not keep warm. He had the liberty
of the saloons to a great extent, and kept
so close to the stoves that his hide was
constantly being singed. He was also a
great nuisanco to the men who wanted to
get near the stove. At the burning of the
opera-house he ran into the fire several
times. It was too cold for Wise Mike.
Dec. 4.— J.iaquin Miller and party ar
rived from Circle City at 11 o'clock this
morning. Mr. Miller is badly frozen but
in good spirits. He came with a miner
and trader known as "Montana," and was
accompanied by Harold Canovan of Ot
tawa, with whom he started from Circle.
These two started without dogs, pulling
their outfit on a little red sled. I had a
talk with Mr. Miller
"I have had a severe experience," he
said. "I have lost a toe of the left foot
and my left ear is sloughing off. I have
to wear my hair down over it. How
ever, it does not matter. I shall not need
ears much longer. My cheeks are also
frosted. We got into all thi^ trouble jusi
about Forty Mile. We encountered a
blizzard there, the breath of which was
death. It v.as like confronting a bayonet
charge. We were at the time within a
mile and a half of a cabin, the location
of which we knew and we were eight
miles beyond Forty Mile. Rather than
face that wind for the mile and a half
a team that had kept with us turned back
over thy eight miles. Canovan, shortly
after we met the wind, complained that
his knee was freezing. He began to limp
and lean forward. I saw the dogs in
the other team turn back. I knew that
Canovan could not walk that eight miles.
It wag death to turn back or to stop for
a moment. Our dogs hesitated. Napoleon
could not have watched that charge at
the bridge at Lodi with closer interest
than did I the action of those dogs. In
watching the hank for the cabin I was
compelled to keep my head to one side,
the left being more exposed than the
other and there my ear suffered. We
passed on and with a turn of the river
we saw the smoke of the cabin curling
up to heaven like Incense. It was a little
cabin, built by two miners who had been
snowbound there. They presented it to
the Miners' Association for the purpose
to which it was devoted, refuge and res
cue. "We found the cabin so full that
there was no room to lie down, and we
had to take turns at sitting up by the
fire even after the three Indians had
generously withdrawn, going across the
river into a protected gulch to make camp
until the wind should subside.
"Yes, I have had enough of it, but I
cannot remain here. I must go on out.
There are so many claims on me out there.
I am getting old, I have no time to waste.
I cannot remain in here. I built my lit
tle home you know upon the Heights and
I want to go and enjoy it. That view of
the Bay of San Francisco has a fascina
tion for me.
"About my trip up the river? Well,
we lf-ft Circle City on the morning of the
27th of October. They brought a dead
man in there, the body having been
chopped out of the ice, and another
whose feet were frozen and had to be
amputated. There was something of a
panic in the camp. It was thought that
there must be great numbers OB the rivi-r
probably frozen. They were going to hol<i
a miners' meeting to keep me from start
ing out. but I told them to go to the
devil; that I was determined to tarry
there no looser. The more of death and
suffering there was on the rtvei, the
mi>n- 1 would have to go. Well, we could
get no dogs that were worth having, and
so determined to come without any. We
had rol.es and everything of the lightest
character; two tents for protection
against snow, hut used only one. It was
a little tent. o(*>n in the front. We car
ru-.i no stove, but built a campfire every
night ami slept with our feet toward it.
We did not suffer at night, but slept
comfortably enough. We carried crack
ers and canned meats and bad little
cooking or baking to do, but. oh, how
one <ats on the trail. And I have made
a discovery. Perhaps it is not a discov
ery, bat it is new with me. While I was
working along the trail, keeping the sled
rlKht side up— that is really the hardest
job — while I was at that tor hours, with
no one to talk to, I would see things here
and there that appealed to me in my
trade. I would be forever putting them
in place, arranging them in older, you
know. Well. I discovered that that sort
of thine: was most exnaiisting: I would
suddenly feel that some one had touched
the hem of my garment. This is a won
derful and 1-eautiful country. There is
endless material here for my trade.
"It Man like a providence that the
story of this country should be reserved
for me to the last. Well, we traveled to
the place where the body of Anderson
hail been found and saw a valise there
and some candles, also s.imc flour, cooked.
A raven was flying overhead. His croak
was like chunks of Ice. You could hear
th*m falling on the floes. We tented
there under a bluff and an avalanche of
snow on <>ur tent tauKht ub to keep away
from Muffs. We moved along very slow
ly on the river Ice. We got in the water
once and directly sat on the sled and
changed our footwear. On the seventh
day we saw MMM people on the other side
of the river and we spent the day cross
ing over. There we found a trail and
plenty of wood. We gathered some high
bush cranberries also. They were so
thick that we scooped them Into our
hands. They were delicious. I saw a
woodpecker there also. The second day
.after we crossed, the river gorged. It
was terrific. We were on the Ice above
the gorge. It rose about ten feet and
then the water fell. The ice piled up
while, underneath the river panted and
gasped like some fearful and unheard-of
monster. At times it kept up what seemed
like the discharge of artillery. Our sled
was wholly submerged in the water once.
We saw some horses that had been on
a barge as we were making our way
out for a long time. The camps were
very monotonous. We fed wit»» Indians
several times, and were glad of the
chance. We hired Indians to help us
al«">ng over certain stages.
"We passed boats almost every day that
had been caught in the Ice. We began to
meet numbers of people, especially trad
ers. They nearly all feed their dogs
frightfully. One trader had a beautiful
hound, a Newfoundland and a Mameluke.
The hound cried pitifully under the treat
ment and he beat It for crying. He beat
the hound to death. He left the New
foundland at Forty Mile. The Indian
dogs endure everything, but the others
can't. I know that this cruelty is not
necessary, for I asked 'Montana,' the
man who brought me in, how often he
beat his dogs. He answered: 'Never,
that is why they are so fat and work so
well.* The dog beating must stop.
"We had a most terrible experience at
the whirlpool below Forty Mile. They
may speak of cold waves in other parts of
the earth; I would call them 'streaks.'
Here are places where the cold takes
hold of you like the hand of death. You
feel it instantly you enter it, and again
when you leave. At the whirlpool the
wind has polished the ice smooth with
the sharp points of snow. We struck the
cold streak, and everybody cut loose and
ran for shelter, but we went on to the
cabin. We were two days making the five
miles between the wreck of the Arctic
and Forty Mile.
"At Forty Mile we were treated like
Princes. They gave us a musical enter
tainment, and we had a nice time. We
stayed there three days. I received the
surgeon's care for some bruised ribs. I
had fallen on the ice and It caused me to
bleed from the lungs. •
"A young man named Alfred Thayer.
a freighter, who reached Forty Mile about
the same time we did, fell in the same
way at the same place, and had broken
three ribs. He had to have them set. On
the third day we started on again, and it
was that day I was so badly frozen and
that we found the little cabin, greatly to
our relief. It shall be my one demand
that a train of these cabins be built at
convenient intervals along the Yukon by
the Government. It is through such
means that this country must be con
quered, not with guns. These cabins
should have a man stationed who would
be ready to lend aid to those who need it.
They might be utilized as postoffices. We
miners have begun this work, and the
Government should nnish it. In the cab
ins established by the miners every man
entering there finds wood and matches
ready for him, and ,no man has been
found so mean as to neglect to prepare
for the next man what he has found
prepared for him.
'"The small cabin up from Forty-mile
is one of these. We found there Cap
tain Geiger, a Puget Sound man, Purser
Ball, late of the Bella, and h.is partnor,
two small traders, one of them from Ma
rin County, Cal., who had a wrist so
badly frozen that I was sure he would
lose it. From Forty-mile I came on with
'Montana.' He had dogs and a light load
and I rode a part of the way. I shall
rest up here at least a month."
Tom Nash was arrested to-day on the
charge of having tired the M. and M. sa
loon, resulting in the destruction also of
the opera-house and the Dominion sa
loon. Nash was formerly bartender ar.d
gold weigher or cashier in the Jf. and M.
McDonald suspected him of dishonesty
and discharged him. Nash was very
angry and made open threats that he
would get revenge; that he would bum
the place. That was a few days betore
tho tire.
In ill.- r.cantime Nash bought a half
interest in another saloon, paying $10,000
cash for the same. The tire started in
McDonald':; own room while McDonald
\v;:s downstairs. Mitchell, his partner,
saw the smoke, ran in and saw the oed
on fire, but was unable to extinguish it.
He found the rear door open when it was
supposed to be and should have been
locked. Nash retained his key to th;:t
door, and is said to be the only man
other than the proprietors who had a
key. TnN is the circumstantial evidence
upon which the charge is bastd. Nash is
still in the lockup.
VAST FORTUNES ARE
BEING DUG FROM
DOG CREEK CLAIMS.
James Glover Writes of the Riches of the
Klondike, and Predicts That $7,000,000
Will Be Brought Down in July.
POMONA, Jan. 10.— William Glover
of Ontario, in this locality, has received
a letter from his brother James, dated
Dawson City, December 2. The letter
was taken to Seattle and mailed from
there. James Glover writes that he is
among seventeen men who have located
claims on a very small stream tribu
tary to the Klondike River that was
not known until June. It is now
known as Dog Creek. Glover writes
that every one in the camp is making a
fortune; that the best pay gravel there
is but eighteen feet below the surface.
He says that before the cold, freezing
weather came on several miners on Dog
(.'reek were each able to wash out $200
worth of gold every day. and none got
less than ten ounces a day. He says
he believes that over $7,000,000 will be
brought down from Dawson City be
fore next July. Several men who have
been mining continuously on El Dorado
and Bonanza creeks since the first
Klondike discoveries in September,
1596. art: going to come down on the
earliest boats on the Yukon River.
These men have each about from $150,
000 to $175,000 in nuggets and dust.
Glover says that he has now two oil
cans full of gold, preparatory to send
ing down to San Francisco next sum
mer.
BRING NEWS OF
THE DISCOVERY OF
THE MOTHER LODE.
Returning Klondikers Tell of the Wonderful
Finds of the Quartz Origin of the
Piacers of the New El Dorado.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 10.— The
steamer City of Topeka, which arrived
here this afternoon from Juneau, Alas
ka, had among her passengers nine men
who left Dawson City December 9.
They were: W. J. Jones, Port Towns
end, Wash.; D. D. Stewart, Juneau,
Alaska; A. Solder. Nova Scotia; E. C.
Arnold, Sun Francisco; W. G. Stenper,
Colville, Wash.; Harry Miller, Col
ville. Wash.; J. Cordroy, Denver, Col.;
George Anderson, Tacoma, and Robert
Johnson, Tacoma.
They bring news of the discovery of
what is supposed to be the mother
lode and quartz origin of the placers of
the Klondike district. The discovery
was made within twenty-four hours at
four different points, one of them at the
Dome, a high mountain to the east of
the source of El Dorado Creek by
Frank Slavin, the second one at No. 31
El Dorado by A. H. Jose and partner,
the third one on Nugget Gulch at No.
16, and the fourth somewhere in the
twenties on Bonanza Creek. The trend
of the vein is northwest by west, west
erly from the Dome. It is found at
about thirty feet below the surface and
under the muck and alluvial deposit.
The ledge is about eighteen inches wide
and makes a uniform width. It is gen
erously sprinkled with free gold. One
of the men brings down samples of the
ore and every one who has seen them
says the rock is precisely the same in
character as found in the Comet mine
at Berners Way, Southeastern Alaska.
In no instance was the quartz discov
ery made by the men who owned the
placer claims, and the locators of the
quartz ledge thus acquire a separate
and distinct title from the locators of
the placer.
The discovery of the ledge on No
31 El Dorado was made by a man who
was working the placer for the owner.
A shot was put in and about fifty
pounds of ore blasted out. The great
est excitement prevails and no man will
listen to any suggestion to sell his
claim until further development has
been made.
Another Klondiker says: "The out
put of gold in the spring will be from
$15,000,000 to $25,000,000. This opinion is
concurred in by the transportation
companies 1 managers and Alexander
McDonald, the richest man in the Klon
dike. Five millions of dust is now
stored in Dawson. $3,500,000 of which
would have come out this fall had the
boat reached Dawson "
THE FLAN NELLY TRIAL
SET FOR FEBRUARY 14.
The Slayer of His Father and Sheriff
McEroy Will First Be Tried for the
Former Crime.
SA.N JOSE. Jan. 10.— The trial of
I Thomas Flannelly, who murdered his
father and killed Sheriff McEvoy at
Redwood City a couple of months ago,
was to-day set for February 14 by
, Judge Lorigan. He will be tried for
the first crime. Flannelly secured a
change of venue owing to the prejudice
against him in San Mateo County. The
proceeding to-day was taken at the
request of District Attorney Herring
i ton, who urged the court to set an
early date. Attorneys Boardman of
San Francisco and Straus and Rheil
■ of this city are Flannelly's attorneys.
1 The murderer still retains a reticence
i and refuses to discuss his crime.
CONFIRMED BY
THE SENATE
Approval of Nominations*
for Office Made by
the President.
Men Who Will Fill Positions in
the Consular and Other
Branches.
Quito a Number of California Post
masters May Now Take
Charge of Offices.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 10.
The Senate to-day confirmed these
nominations: ,
To be Consul-General, James M.
Stowe of Missouri, at Cape Town, Cape
of Good Hope.
To be Consuls— Neil McMillan of
Michigan, at Port Sarnia, Ont. ; E. Z.
Browdosi of Illinois, at Breslau, Ger
many, transferred to Firth, Bavaria:
W. H. H. Graham of Indiana, at Win
nipeg, Man.; C. W. Erdman of Ken
tucky, now at Firth, Bavaria, trans
ferred to Breslau, Germany.
To be United States Marshals—Gen
eral Miller, District of Utah; Z. Hou
ser, District of Oregon.
A. W« Francisco, Collector of Cus
toms, District of Los Angeles, Cal.
Appraisers of merchandise— J. T.
Kare,' District of San Francisco; Owen
Summers, District of Willamette.
Postmasters — California: A. "Wiley,
Arcata; G. Stickles, Angels Camp; B.
Shaw, Hollister; B. A. Osborn, Watscn
ville; R. J. Nixon, Yreka; L. McLaugh
lin, Sanger; S. Littlefleld, Anaheim; A.
B. Lemmon, Santa Rosa; F. Hickman,
Han ford; C. Hapgood, Marysville; F. I.
Gardner, Soldiers' Home; "William M.
Reeves, Mena; W. L. Jeffries, Claren
don; J. W. Lovie, Redwood City; L.
Vandusen, Ukiah; R. If. Ryan, Gilroy;
J. F. Payne, Sutter Creek; S. W. Met
calf, Sisson; G. B. Baer, Cloverdale; W.
H. Anderson, San Rafael.
Felix A. Reeve of Tennessee, Assist
ant Secretary of the Treasury; B. K.
Bruce of the District of Columbia, Reg
ister of the Treasury; Charles H. Mor
rill, Suiveyor cf Customs. Poit of .Lin
coln, Nefcr.
To I>p Surveyors-General -,T. .T. Blair
cf Utah, W. L. Distin of Qulncy, 111.,
of Alaska; Joseph Perrault, of Idaho.
To be Registers of Land Offices— C.
D. Ford at Denver; D. H. Budlong at
Coeur d'Alene, Idaho; I. T. Purcell of
Wakeley, Kans.; L. R. Thomas at
Blackfoot, Idaho; R. W. Dudley of
Washington, D. C, at Sitka, Alaska;
H. Leland at Rosewell, 111.; M. R. Otero
at Santa Fe, N. M. ; C. B. Moores at
Oregon City, Or.; K. W. Bartlett at
La Grande, Or.; J. A. Layton at Mont
rose, Colo.
To be Receivers of Land Offices— R.
Shelley of Portland, Or., at Sitka,
Alaska; G. B. Rogers at Blackfoot,
Idaho: G. A. Smith at Salt Lake, Utah;
J. L. Hill at Walla Walla, W r ash.
To be Associate Justices of the Su
preme Court for the Territory of New
Mexico — F. W. Parker of New Mexico
and Jonathan W. Crumpacker of In- V
diana. *
Hosea "W. Townsend of Colorado, "
Judgf of the United States Court,
Southern District of the Indian Terri
tory.
To be United States Attorneys— R. V.
Cozier, District of Idaho; J. H. Hall.
District of Oregon; J. H. Wilkins, Dis
trict of Indian Territory; S. Summer
field, District of Nevada.
Not Seen Since Reported in Distress.
EMPIRE CITY, Ore., Jan. 10.— The
barkentine, supposed to be the Echo,
reported as being In distress Saturday,
has not been seen since. She was then
off Cape Arago, and making slaw prog
ress off shore.
/TAKE
~^T A man whose hands tremble and
whose voice is weak and you will
find that he is but half a man as a
rule. His knees shake, too, and he
is but a weakling. He sees spots
before his eyes and has no confi-
dence in himself. He has in some
way abused the privileges which are
his by right. And he possessed them
once. It is for cases of this sort tha*
"Hudyan" is given by the grand doc-
tors of the Hudson Institute. "Hud-
yan" brings to weak men full vitality
and grand manly vigor. From being
puny a man becomes full of fire and
I big and great manhood. Is that not
| worth the having? Why do you
want to continue as you are? Your
happiness is dependent on your
ability to enjoy life. Then why not
get back the vitality that has drained
away from you? Write and ask
what "Hudyan" has done for weak
and erring mortals. Testimonials
and circulars about it are quite free
to you, and so is best medical ad-
vice. There is blood taint in some
people when they are not aware of
it. Ulcers in the throat, pimples on
the body, copper-colored spots, the
falling out of hair, show it. "30-day
blood cure" removes all the taint at
once. Circulars and testimonials of
it are free to you. Write to-day a
HEED./
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stoctton, Martet and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.TERRILBY
BITTEN BY
A MAD DOG
Santa Monica Child
Nearly Torn to
Pieces.
Only Saved From Death
by a Neighbor With
a Club.
The Little One's Throat, Cheek
and One Eye Shockingly
Lacerated.
FEARS FOR THE RESULT.
The Cur, a Family Pet, After Biting
Other Dofls, Is Run Down and
Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA MONICA, Jan. 10.— Lucy
Olivera, the pretty seven-year-old
daughter of Ande Olivera. an old res
ident of this place, was horribly bit
ten by a supposedly mad dog yester
day. The dog, a large mongrel, was
the child's pet. It had been acting
strangely for two or three days and
had been tied up to await dev< |
inents. Little Lucy went near to the
dog and it made a vicious lunge to
ward her. Unfortunaie'y. the collar
that he wore was a trifle Jars* and
he jerked his head from it. Instantly
he was upon her. tearing her tender
lieph. He Befzed !:•■: first by the
throat, then the cheek. Th" left ch*»ek
was badly punctured, while the right
received two jagged tears. <me eye
lid was torn, and the eye is swollen
and com; -■••.). It is hoped
that the s:eht is uninjured. The inte
rior part ■ was also badly
bitten.
By this time a neighbor, hearing the
child's cries, ran to her rescue,
• . with ;: large club beat the dog
Its victim, when the beast, skirt
ing the town, ran across the fields in
th>' direction of the Soldiers' Home,
;t number ■■:' other dogs. A
neighbors of the < Hivera
j mounted horses and were soon
in hot pursuit. Miss Mabel Miller.
- W. Miller, had a nar
row escape, for the dog made a
is plunge toward her, but was
driven off by its pursuers. Soon after
ward it was overtaken and shot to
d*-.: • h.
Dr. Lindsey was summoned to the
Olivera child and found it in a serious
condition. After administering chlo
n he dressed the wounds, tinding
it necessary to i,ik~ about twentj
st itches.
:x weeks ago there was con
ible excitement here over dogs
similarly afflicted. One was killed.
but not before it had hiu~n others.
At the expiration of about ten days
of the bitten ones went mad and
one bit a young man named Charles
edge. These dogs were killed
and Marshal Dexter gave orders that
;i!l canines should be chained up for
ten days. After that period had
passed i!" danger was apprehended.
g people contended that the dogs
not mad.butwere simply attack
i.l v it : • lea of craziness. It was '
claimed that dogs seldom go mad in
irnia and never at this time of
but in view of the symptoms
and th" results their position hardly
tenable. Hydrophobia usually
develops in from nine days to three
weeks, although cases have been
known where the patient has lived
for years and even forgotten the
cause before it developed.
Th- Olivera child will be closely
watched, and It is hoped nothing of
the kind will repu'.t. yet the fact of Its
being bitten on the face and throat, j
wh«r» there was no covering of'
clothes to protect it from th>* deadly
virus, gives additional cause for
alarm. She will undoubtedly t><- bad
ly scarred for life, but if the little
one is spared the parents will be
thankful. In all Santa Monica to-day
the usually beloved family pets of
the railing race ar>- looked upon with
suspicion.
WILL SURELY INVOLVE
A MIX-UP WITH SPAIN.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— A morning pa
per says: Vice-President Thomas F.
Clark of the Western Union Telegraph
Company returned yesterday from
Washington, where i<t the last few
days he has been laying before the ad
ministration facts that will surely in
volve a complication with Spain.
Mr. Clark is now at the head of
Western Union affairs. President Eck
ert is on sick leave in the far West, and
Mr. Clark has taken his place. J,onp
before General Eckert went away the
directors of the company had decided
that they had a cause for complaint
against the Spanish Government for
th*- manner in which the authorities
in Havana had interfered with th»
workings erf the cable between Havana
ami Key West.
Western T'nion people havp not
■ t eom< to an exact determination of
imount of damages they have sus
tained, but the figure will not fall short
of $500,000, and it may reach as high as
*1 ,000,000.
One of Mr. Clark's purposes in pom«?
to Washington was to insist that the
ftleKlnley administration make a for
mal demand -,pn n the Government at
Manna for the payment of those dam
apes, in full.
IS NOT AFFECTED BY
ANY ORGANIC MALADY.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10. - Drs.
Hat'-h, Hoss, Briggs, Cartwrigfat and
Sweeney held a consultation this mnrn-
Ing reirardine the condition of Secr«-
tary of state Brown. The result showed
that the patient was in no manner af
fected by any organic in;; lady. The
trouble lies in the weakened condition
or the stomach, and from now on a
change yin ]„■ ma de in administering
nutriment. It is hoped that a perma
nent improvement mill follow
The family and friends are somewhat
annoyed ov-^r the report in to-day's Kx
aminer. which very much exasperated
the condition of the Secretary last
nisht. No BUch report was Riven at
the home of Mr. Brown, and Mrs.
Brown Ih at b loss to know from what
Source the information cam*-. Dr. Dean,
the Family physician, la at the bedside
of the patient and late this afternoon
reDurts Indicated a slight improvement.
THE AWFUL
CRIME OF A
HIRED MAN
Murder of a Farmer,
His Wife and
Daughter.
Victims Slain With an Ax
and Left on Blood-
Soaked Beds.
Robbery the Motive of the
Most Fiendish and Wanton
Slaughter.
: TRIES TO BURN THE HOUSE
Plans of the Assassin to Cremate the
Bodies of His Victims
Fail.
Bp'rial Pispatrh to The Call.
BOSTON, Mass., .lan. 10.— F. D. New
ton, a prosperous farmer, his wife.
Sarah, and their 10-year-old adopted
daughter, Ethel, were butchered in
their houso about two miles from
Brookfield Centre, on the road to Stur
bridge. The crime was discovered by
neighbors, who heard the lowing of the
cattl • and made an investigation. The
three members of the family were
found in their blood-soaked b>ds. hav
ing l>e*-n horribly killed with an ax.
A hire. l man. who lias been employed
!,\ Newton, is missing, and the author
ities are making a sharp search tor
him. He was known only by the name
of Paul. He was last seen Friday nigh;
just before midnight by neighbors
who were returning from a grange
meeting. He was then more than a
mile from the Newton house and was
going in the direction of Brookfield.
Prom this it Is believed that the mur
der was committed between 1" and
II p. in.
When Newton did not appear, the
neighbors made an Investigation.
As they passed the parlor windows
one of the men rio'ioed that a
pane of glass had been broken. They
opened the window and crawled into
thi- room. As soon as their eyes rested
upon the apartment they saw that
some one had thoroughly ransacked the j
place. Following their search the
neighbors entered a small bedroom at
th>- real of the house. On a blood
stained bed lay the bodies of Mrs. New
ton and the little girL They were
dressed hut their clothing was torn and
biood-st.-un.-. 1. Near th< bed was a
blood-stained ax. which evidently was
the weapon used. Upstairs in the
chamber usually occupied by Mr New
ton, which connected with that oc< u
pied by the hived man, Paul, lay the
body of the farmer on ih" bed. Ail
about were evidences that he had !>••.■::
dealt with as had the other members
or' his family. He was also dr.
The coverings of the bed bad been
drawn at his head so as to conceal any
wounds which might be thereon. The
bed in Paul's room had been occupied.
but there was no other trace of the
hired man.
Paul is a foreigner but his national
ity is not known. Ii»- was about 30.
short and compactly built, and has
been employed on the Newton farm
for about two months. The motive of
the crime is not known. Robbery has
been referred to as a probable cause,
but that, it is thought, does not account
for the slaughter of the whole family.
Moreover. Mr. Newton's gold watch
was found in his vest, which hui-.g over
a chair-back in his chamber.
Duiing the forenoon if i eveloped that
the tired man, Paul, had b.-.-n heard
to call himself Miller, but whether thaf
is his true name or not it cannot be
ascertained at present. All trace
him as far as the officials could learn
was lost after he passed George Pik ■
and Arthur Ki.-e. who were the young
men who saw him Friday nigh. Both
of these men recognized Paul and spoke
to him. they say. but he seemed to
wish to avoid recognition and. turning
away his head, did noi respond to their
greeting.
An attempt was made to conceal the
murder by setting fire to the house.
Kerosene was discovered on the Boor
of the woodshed, and a lamp was found
bo placed that it would have set fire to
the woo,]. One stick was burned
through, but for some unknown reason
a blaze was averted.
A man answering the description of
Paul Miller, w Ik > came into station 2
af Worcester as a locger, has been
held pending an Investigation. He is
a farmhand and dressed shabbily, and
in many respects answers the descrip
tion of Miller.
HIDDEN SECRET
COMES TO LIGHT
The Late Joseph T. Middleton
of San Jose Left a
Daughter.
After Many YearfiShe Is H^ard From
in Scotland arid Clnims H«IT
the Estate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 10.— Some interesting
hidden history in the family life of
Joseph T. Middleton has come to lißht
since his death and will soon l»o aired
;in court. This was brought out by a
, petition Bled by Attorney Scheller in
the estate proceedings to-day for the
purpose of determining the heirship of
Mrs. Isabel Martin of Dundee, Scot
i land, who has advanced an almost in
disputable claim to being a daughter.
Middleton died a couple of months
| ago, leaving an estate worth $I»s,<iqo. At
' that time it was not known there was
; a foreign heir, but since then an inter
esting story has come out. Middleton
! was twice married. His lirst wife
i died in Scotland, and thirty-five years
ago he came to the United States, leav
ing behind him a girl child, the issue
!of his first marriage. Thirty fears
: apo he married the woman who' sur
vives him. In this time he accumu
■ lated about $lfi.oo<i worth of property.
Th°re were no children by the second
marriage, and as Hlddleton never told
his wife that he had been married be
; fore she believed aerself to be tho sole
heir until Mrs. Isabel Martin pro
; claimed herself a child of Middleton
and claimed half of his estate.
The matter will be settled on Janu
ary "21. tor if Mrs. Martin can estab
lish her relationship to Middieton a con
' test will be useless.
TITE SAX FTCAXCISCO CAT/L, TUESDAY, JAKXfABT 11, 1898.
YANKEE FISHERMEN
ARE LOST AT SEA
Two Boats and Their Crews,
CoQsistiQg of Thirty-Six
Men, £Jre Given Up
for Dead.
BOSTON. Jan. 10.— A special from GlOacester, Mass.. says: After
hopinp against hope that the passing days might bring some tidings of
the overdue schooners Hustler and John EL M'Kenzie, their owners
nave been breed to the conclusion that th»- vessels have foundered and
that their crews of thirty-six men have perished. The Hustler was
owned by James EL 'l air & Brothers and left h<*i August I,'N to engage
in the bank cod-fishery under command of Captain Alexander J. Mc-
Fadden. On the t»th of October the Hustler put into Harbor Maine, N.
F., and procured a supply of bait. Captain IfcFadden wrote home that
he had HO tubs of fish on board and would return to the southern
part "f the banks to complete his trip.
Since leaving Harbor Maine absolutely no tiding* of the vessel have
ever been received, and it is thought sho foundered in the great gale
which swept the (Jrand Ranks on October 19 anil which created such
havoc among the lishing fleet.
The Hustler was a stanch craft of 92.7 tons, built at Essex in ISP9,
valued at $>"<J and insured for $4571 on the vessel and $1700 on outfits.
She carried a crew of eighteen men, two of whom were married and
the owners state they were as fine a set of young men as they ever
had in one vessel.
Messrs. Hugh I'arkhurst & Co., owners of the schooner John E. Mc-
KeiUEie, give up all hopes of that vessel ever returning to port. Twelve
weeks ago the vessel sailed from this port on a bank halihuting trip
under command of Captain Andrew ICcKenzie. and from that day to
this not a single word has been heard from her and as she was In
tending to fish on grounds directly in the line of ocean steamship
travei her owners are led to believe that some trans-Atlantic- liner
crashed into and sank her. The McKenzie was one of the finest ves
sels of the Gloucester fleet. She wm 130 tons register, built in Essex in
1883 and owned by Hugh Parkhnrst and Captain McKensfc She was
valued at $li>.:.o<> and was insured for $7000 on vessel and ItOOO on outfits.
STRUGGLE WITH
A WIFE-BEATER
After n Desperate Battle
the Drunken Wretch
Is Subdued.
The City Marshal of Salinas
Has His Hand Badly
Bitten.
A Shocking Cqse of Nepleet and Des
titution Developed by the
Occurrence.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
saunas. Jan. 10.— a severe wife
beating affair has <>>ni«' to light, hap
pening m this city last evening. The
wife, it is claimed, has been left desti
tute and with two small children. The
husband has been on a protracted spree
for some time, and yesterday afternoon
he returned hnmc His \\ if <• was not
well, anyway, and the children, it is
said l<y neighbors, were crying '>n ac
count "f tin cold, there being no tin- in
ih«- house ti> warm them, and no fuel
to build one. The wife remonstrated
with her husband at his conduct and
t « »i «J him Imploringly of' his family's
wants. He became angry and attack
ed her fust by slapping her face. She
attempted to defend herself by several
means, but her husband being much
more powerful, easily silenced her Into
submission. When she could stand the
mistreatment no longer she screamed
l<>ud!y. The woman's cries were heard
t>y a man who ii\.-d n>ai. and he im
mediately ran t<> the hou.=e. TaKing in
the situation quickly he pounced upon
the wife-beater. The rescuer, however,
was no match for the husband and re
ceived many bad blows from the now
thoroughly Infuriated husband.
As soon as the husband ceased beat-
Ing his wife in order to attend to the
other man she ran from the house and
to town as last as possible. She found
City Marshal Joyce and told him in
few words the trouble. He could easily
imagine th>- necessity of his services by
the woman's condition and he lost no
time in reaching the house where the
disturbance occurred. The marshal
found things in a bad state, and he
forthwith attempted to arrest th>- man.
But the man resisted the officer very
forcibly. There was aunt her struggle,
which proved to be quite a bloody af
fair. Th- marshal «ks trying all the
time to place h naii' of handcuffs on
his man, but could not do so. The fel
low would strike th" officer again and
again.
Although quite an old man Joyce was
v< ry a«tive, and would not give up.
The fellow s>-*-i i. jj he could not beat the
officer by striking him. tried t<> bite
him. and succeeded in horribly lacerat
ing the officer's hand. The frenzied
man was finally taken prisoner and
lodged in jail to await trial, which will
be on Wednesday before Judge Brown.
The <>nly <haijr>- brought thus far
against the brutal husband is assault,
and his wife is the complaining wit
ness.
FUGITIVE TOM SAWYER
TURNS UP IN IDAHO.
Or.c of the Three Ruffians Who Murdered
Old Man Tuilis— The Other
Two Hanged.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.- Sheriff
Frank T. Johnson is in receipt of a tH
pßram to the effect that Tom Lawton,
one of the *janß th.it murdered old man
Tuilis in I*7B, has been seen in Idaho,
and can be arrested as soon as requisi
tion papers are received.
Lawton is the third of the nang <rf
Tuilis murderers, of which Troy Dye,
the public administrator, and Edward
Anderson, both of whom were hanged
for the crime, were the other two. In
their confession Dye and Anderson Im
plicated Lawton, but Lawton skipped,
and the officers were never able to lo
cate him.
It is believed that there will be preat
<-r difficulty in convicting Lawton, even
if he is found, as the crime was com
mitted nearly twenty years ago, and
the evidence which could he marshaled
against him at this tlm« is very meag
er.
SPANJER AND SPIDER KELLY.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 10.— The Sacra
mento Athletic Club has matched Henry
J. Spanjer, one of its members, and
Spider Kelly of San Francisco for a fif
teen-round match here on the 31st. Span
jpr is the youth who put it all over l,on
Agnew here a few months ago. outclass
ing; and defeating the plucky Oaklander.
His club friends believe he i* capable of
winning from Kelly. !
STOPPED BY A
HIGHWAYMAN
Exciting Adventure on a
Lonely Road in the
Night.
A Fractious Team Prevents the
Robber Making a Very
Good Haul.
Th" Intended '.'rlims A. G. andC.W.
Clouyli, Who Were Drivinij
to SaliiiHb.
Spec .i . ratrh t" The Call.
SALINAS. Jan. 10.— A. G. Clough.
Public Adaotaiatrator of Men ed
County, and C \\ Clough, editor of;
the Evening Democrat of this city, re- ;
port a bold attempt at highway rob
bery as having taken plai c last even- ;
ing on the road from Watsonville to
tins city. The two gentlemen were
driving to this city when a highway
man stopped them. San Miguel Can
yon was the place • hosen for the hold
up, just about a mile the other side *.>f
Prunedale. Th»- narrow part of the
road near a steep lilii through this
canyon proved to be the most appro
priate spot for the robber to execute
his ciime. A long scantling was placed
across the road and about two feel
from the ground. The highwayman
was dressed In sacks and was at one
end of th" scantling, and being clothed
in sui !i material could not be distin
guished ten feet away.
The team was ascending a hill in the
canyon. It was quite dark, the moon
not having arisen at that hour, and the
shade of the trees of the canyon made
the road still more gloomy. Just at
the beginning of the narrow part of
the road the team shied to one side.
The driver, thinking the <;n:s.- nothing
Of Importance, l>ut only the desire of
spirited horses to CUI up, save the ani
mals a sharp cut with his whip. Moth
animals gave a jump in the air and
cleared a piece of timber that he could
easily see was placed across their path
just about Where it would strike a
horse's krxics. The carriage came to a
stop and a man appeared at the side
of th<- rig and demanded money.
C. W. dough, who handled the reins,
did not lose presence of mind, but on
the first lunge of his team struck
them with the whip again and again,
but they could not pass th^ timb.-r
A. <;. ClOUgfa got OUt of the other side
<>f the carriage, and while Editor
Clough was arguing- with the highway
man he succeeded in getting the tim
ber loose. As soon ;ls this was done
the team, thoroughly frightened by the
Incessant whipping, lunged forward
and A. G. dough just had time to
catch th« vehicle Three shots were
Bred, but none took effect, and it did
not tend to stop the two gentlemen
Moth men were unarmed and had con
siderable money upon the| r persons
It is supposed the highwayman must
have known this.
McKINLEY WILL SEND
ANOTHER COMMISSION
TO THE NATIONS.
The President Yet Stands Firmly for Bi
metallism and Intends to Continue
to Work for It.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— Senior
Chandler's interview with the President
this morning and subsequent declara
tion that President IfcKinley stands
firmly for international bimetallism,
and that he intends to send envoys to
Europe again as soon as conditions
Change, created much comment at the
capital and pleased those Senators and
Representatives who are opposed to
taking up the Gage bill at a time when
there is no possibility of enacting it
into law.
Senator Chandler declared that
President McKlnley is earnestly in
favor of the use of both metals as is
the Senator. The statement is regarded
as a rebuke by the President for the
self-constituted Republican "bosses,"
who have been threatening with venge
ance all Republicans who are not ready
to vote for the retirement of gren
backs and for the Gage bill.
The President explained his position
in regard to the sold reserve by say
ing that when the greenbacks were
used to deplete the supply of yellow
metal they should themselves be treat
ed as gold and only paid out in lieu of
gold. He disavowed any intention of
retiring greenbacks. This statement is
regarded as a declaration of war by
the President on. Secretary Gage.
SCANDALS
OF THE ARMY
OF FRANCE
Court - Martial Trial ;
of Major Count
Esterhazy.
It Is Evident That the Re
tired Officer Will Be
Whitewashed.
Blame for the Celebrated Bor
dereau Fastened on Colonel
Picquart.
MUCH TESTIMONY TAKEN.
But It Is Already Indicated That Im
: prisoned Captain Dreyfus Will
Not Bo Aided.
Ppecial Dispatch to Th* Call.
PAKIS. Jan. lo- Tho trial by court
martial of Major Count Ferdinand Wal
ter Knt"! hazy, th>- retired officer of the
French army who fame into promi
nence in the latter part of November
through the publication by Figaro of a
number of letters which inn Count is
alleged t" hay,- written reflecting i"
strong language on France ami the
French army, was opened this morning
under the presidency of Genera! iv
Luxer.
Among those who rilled the hall were
Mmc. Dreyfus, wife of Albert Dreyfus,
the former Captain of the French ar
tillery now undergoing imprisonment
for life for having been convicted i>l
selling important French military plans
t" agents of a foreign power, with
which affair Esterhasy is said t > have
i n connected, also th«* brother of
Mme. Dreyfus. Senator Tralrt ux, the
former Minister of Justice and Depu
ties.
<■' rnt Bsterhasy appeared in uniform
ami was escorted by Republican
guards.
The clerk of the court said the court
martial was held in order to end the
contradictory rumors which had been
spread by the excited pubiic. There
upon Mauri- la Uorie, counsel for Mme.
Dreyfus, asked permission to take part
in the argument. The counsel for .\>.i
thieu Dreyfus also a.sked to appear
during the proceedings. The court re
ject""! both applications, ami the taking
of testimony commenced.
Counsel for the (Government said
thai a public trial might be inimiral
to the Interests «>!' the national defense
and demanded a secret bearing.
'I be court decided by a majority of
five i" two that the trial should be pub
lic until the moment when publicity
might appear to prejudice the national
i be court having thus yielded t<» pub
llc opinion, the report of the Investi
gation officer, Major Kavarry, vas
read. Ii completely whitewashed
Count Bsterhasy and was generally re
garded as being a serious Indictment
of Colonel PiCQuart, whose arrest when
this trial is finished is anticipated.
Colonel Pfcquart, according to the
Intralsigeant, wus In the tatter part of
November sentenced to thirty days' de
tention In a fortress. He was an otti
cer summoned from the United States
to Paris in connection with the Drey-
Ins affair, and his statements were re
ported to be the basis of the accusa
tions brought against Count Ksterhazy.
The report of afajor Rlvarry does not
adduce much evidence except the dec-,
laration of the experts that the famous
borderau (note) was not written by
Count Ksterhazy. It contains the
Count's protest against the "calumni
ous imputations" made by Colonel Pic
quait. who, it appears, without author
ity, caused him to be shadowed. The
colonel, observes the report, is the soul
of the preseni agitation, and declares !
he is guilty <rt serious shortcomings and
indiscretions.
I pon one occasion, it is pointed out,
when hi? superiors urged him not to
persist, he exclaimed: "(>h, they won't
do anything up there, but I will com
pel them to act."
The report continues with the state
ment that Colonel Picquart, in 1896.
was surprised while examining; secret
documents belonging to the general
' staff, and concludes:
"Every st--p taken in this sad affair,
which caused so much anguish to all
really French hearts, is Intended to ob
tain a reversal of a judgment legally
and Justly pronounced. Xo tangible
proof of Major Esterhazys guilt is
forthcoming, nor is there adequate cvi
■ deuce to support the charge erf high
treason."
The court then adjourned until 2
1 o'clock. When the trial was resumed
Major Ksterhazy testified that he be
came aware of the plot against him j
through anonymous letters which led j
to his meeting an unknown veiled wom
an. He had communicated the results
of that meeting to General Billot, the
Minister of War, and President Faure.
The judge put a series of easy qu<:3
'■ tions to Major Esterhazy. to which the
latter evidently had already made an
' swers. The major ended by following
Major Ravary's cue and accused Colo
nel Picquart of burglarizing his resi
dence and stealing letters.
Mathleu PreyfUfl was then examined.
He was asked to state the basis of his
I accusation against Major Esterhazy.
I and replied that, without being an ex
pert, it was only necessary to compare
i the writing in the bordeau antl Major
' EJsterhasy's handwriting, in order to
be convinced that they were identical.
; Continuing. Mathieu Dreyfus made a
learned graphologlcal statement. More
over, he pointed to the fact that Major
Esterhazy had subsequently tried
to modify his handwriting, as a con
firmation of his suspicions.
In reviewing other suspicious actions
; of the maj>r. If. Dreyfus quoted a let
ter in which Esterhazy said: "I am in
, such a plight that I can only recover
myself by crime."
'This.' said M. Dreyfus, dramati
cally, "was written by an officer who
has the honor to wear the uniform of
i a French officer."
Here "Oh's" were heard among the
| audience.
Counsel for Major Esterhazy there
upon asked M. . Dreyfus who was pay
ing the "enormous costs of circulating
i pamphlets respecting Major Ester
basy." to which M. Dreyfus replied:
"That is my business, not yours."
This remark caused excitement
among those present and brought forth
shouts of "miserable."
Death of Samuel Irvine of Salinas.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 10.— Samuel Ir
vine, a resident of Salinas, died at
Burkes Sanitarium at Mark West on
Sunday. He was very well known in
lipnterey County. His remains were
s. m t<> Salinas tv-day, where they will
be buried.
SNOW FALLS
IN SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA
Novel and Beautiful
Sight in Many
Places.
San Diego Recalls but
One Similar Visi
tation.
Orange Groves for a While
Are Clad in Fleecy _
Mantles.
RAIN IN OTHER SECTIONS.
No Injury Will Result to Deciduous
Fruits and Other Crops Will Be
Benefited.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIECiO. Jan. 10.— The storm'j
that has prevailed in this county Cor
the past three days reached its height
to-day, when copious showers fell in
city and country. Snow covered the j
mountains around about, making a
beautiful and novel sight. The temper
ature is normal, in spite of the preflii •- i
tions of a dangerous frost to-night.
Lyons Peak, the bold headland that :
stands out from the smaller mountains
east of the city, is covered with snow.
This is the second time that snow has
fallen ther»- in the memory of the old
est inhabitant. Indian or white. Th>'
peak is high, but only twenty miles
from the coast, and within ten miles of
it are thousands of acres of land that
have never felt the touch of frost. Lem
ons and oranjies are flourishing and
ripening there, with the snow's cold
breath menacing them, but unless the
weather turns completely upside down
there is no danger. In the higher moun
tains, within view of the city, ranging
back to sixty miles from the coast, th;'
snowfall has been quite large, reaching'
a loot at Cuyamaca, in the Laguna
mountains.
Even at Morena Dam. 3100 feet above
sea level, eight inches of snow fell to
day. The rainfall previous to the snow
fall was over two inches, insuring an
immense catchment in the new reser
voir. Cuyamaca Lake, the feeder of the
city. <ontained only a few hundred
thousand gallons before this storm, but !
it is now rising and the danger of a wa
ter famine is believed to be past.
Four-fifths of the barley and wheat
of this se-tion is in the ground and
was starving for rain before this storm.
! The rainfall means prosperity instead
of hard times. The deficiency of pre
cipitation in this city is still two inches i
below normal, but the experience of
former years indicates that it will be
made up, and even surpassed during
January and February. The present
downpour is worth hundreds of thou
sands of dollars, but it will not be
enough to place crops beyond the need
«>;" more moisture in due time.
The view from the city of San Diego
was marked by strangers as being the
most superb they had ever seen.
Palms, lemon groves, and all kinds of
green growth, roses and violets bloom
ing everywhere, covered the lowlands
as far as the eye could see, while the
white mountains, brought much nearer.
apparently, by the snow, stood in the
miilst of summer. The novel Bight was
witnessed by thousands of people who
had never before l>elieved the para- ,
doxical stories told of California's won
derful olimiate.
RIVERSIDE. Jan. 10.— There was a
1 >i ii surprise in store for Riversiders
this morning when they peered out of !
doors. Lawns and roof tops were
everywhere covered with snow, and or
ange trees hud added to their burden
of golden fruit a considerable weight. "
I The hills and mountains, of which
I glimpses could be obtained when the
clouds lifted, had their rugged outlines :
softened by a coat of snow several
I in<hes deep. The snow fell between
midnight and morning. A heavy rain
followed and melted the snow in town ■
! by 16 a. m.. but the adjacent moun
tains are still covered. The snow did ■
; no damage to either fruit or trees in :
j this valley. Reports from Moreno, j
i Alessandro, Perris and San Jacinto are
i to the effect that over two inches of
I snow fell at these places last night
i It disappeared with the advent of the
| sun and did no damage. The ther
; mometer is down to 3,"> to-night and
■ heavy clouds indicate a renewal of the
I storm to-night.
VISALJA. Jan. 10.— Some unusual
weather visited this part of the valley !
this morning. Snow fell in a number
; of neighborhoods surrounding this city,
though none fell here. At one place
n**arlv two inches of the beautiful fell.
I The foothills are white to their base
No snow has fallen in this part of the
San Joaquin Valley for nearly twenty
years before.
SAX TSERXARDINO. Jan. 10— The
orange crop which is now being har
vested throughout the county is in
prime condition and the largest ever
produced. Deciduous fruit trees are
in a dormant state and will bear
j heavily next year, unless the warm
I weather starts the buds too early in
the spring. About an average acre
age of grain has been sown and the
larger part Is up. The recent rain
will place ihe entire acreage in first
■ class condition. Two inches of snow
; fell this morning, but it soon disap
peared from the effect of the warm
rain.
Tremendous Exodus to the Klondike.
Despite the warnings of those who have
been on the spot, anil predict suffering in the
Klondike region, thousands of adventurous
Americans are trending their way thitherward.
All of them should be provided with that
medicinal safeguard. Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, which warms and nourishes the sys
tem, ami prevents malaria, rheumatism, kid
ney trouble, besides remedying liver complaint,
dyspepsia and constipation. •
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousand* of persons who
have uw<) them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture.
With this i-emedy persona can euro themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet or
change In application to business. The medicine
contain!) nothing that is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist lor It. Price, 11
a bottle.
HERZ SEEKS
INDEMNITY
His Claim Argued Before
the State Department
at "Washington.
Efforts to Cause the United
States to Compel the
Payment.
But the Whole Question Hinctea
Upon the American Citizenship
of Dr. Herz.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following:: Another chapter in the
great Panama canal scandal was in
augurated to-day by efforts set on
foot to have the United States compel
France to indemnify Dr. Cornelius Hera
to the extent of $5,000,000.
Solicitor of the State Department
Penfield heard arguments submitted in
behalf of the claimant by his attor
ns*. Edward Lauterbach. A. J. Ditten
hoefer and Herbert R. Umburser of
Xe\v York. The department declined
some months ago to press the claim of
Dr. Herz on the ground that he was
not an American citizen, but the argu
ments made by his attorneys to-day
seem to show he is a citizen, and if his
citizenship is proved the probabilities
are that the matter will be laid before
the French Government.
Dr. Hen's claim for indemnity wa*
based upon the arbitrary arrest he suf
fered as a result of the action of the
French republic, his detention, pro
longed prosecution, and alleged extor
tion, blackmail and confiscation of
property.
In support of Dr. Herz's claim to the
protection of the United States, his
counsel said he was brought to this
country by his parents when 4 year 3
old, was educated here, and the French
Government recognised him as an
American citizen. Dr. H'-rz was in
England in lfc!»2. when the Panama
< anal scandal first began to attract the
public attention of France. He was \ir
genily appealed to by Baron de Rein
ach and various members of the exist
ing French Government to return to
Paris for a few days, in order, through
his influence and ability, to help put an
end to the scandals. He went to Paris,
but matters did not improve, and he
returned to England, where he became
seriously ill.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASTE NOT, WANT NOT.
He Who in Youth Outrages the
Laws of Nature Must Repay>
WHEN OTHERS FAIL, CONSULT
DOCTOR BWEANY.
Established 15 Years
— at —
737 MARKET STREET
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
w.eak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened through disease.
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are
restored to perfect health and strength
through his new and original system of
treatment. RUPTURE cured by his new
method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, v painless, sure and perma-
nent cur.-. VARICOCELE. liydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glandq
treated with unfailing success. Contagi-
on* blood poison in any of its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the. system.
Ladies will receive special attention for
all their many ailments. WRITE if you
cannot call. No charge for advice by
mail. He will also send you a valuable
book. "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. L. BWBANT, If. D., 737 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. Cal.
1 IZabies F
i Thriv&On/zL
Gail Bordeti
Eagleßrand
Condensed Milk.
d Little Book' 4 INFANT L
2 HEALTH" Sent FREE, Z
J^ Should be in Every House. . W
CONOENSCD MILK CO. &
NEW YORK. lL
S^T W W W Wjm
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
•'. , . Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
524 Montgomery street. Baa Francisco.
j Paid up capital and reserves $620, 000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
! business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
! on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Krnst A. Denlcke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued.
E. Uarttnoni, F. C. Siebe. A. Tosnazzlni. H.
Brunner. Met). R. Venable. A. <}. Wieland.
IF. Kmnenberg, Chas. Martin. C. Gehret. P.
Toßnazzinl. 8. Grandl, G. Rottanzi.
I " • ' —
Baja California ,'
DAMIANA BITTERS
, Is. a powerful r.phrodisiac and specific tonic
! for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
'; kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
i Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS * BRUNE. Agents.
| 522 Market Street. S. F.— (Sand for Circular
34
OHIO'S SENSATIONAL SENATORIAL STRUGGLE
AND GOVERNOR BUSHNELL`S INAUGURATION.
CHARGES OF
BRIBERY ARE
FREELY MADE
All Kinds of Stories
Circulating at
Columbus.
Now the Opposition Is
Preparing to Spring
a Sensation.
Representative Otis May Dump
Ten Thousand Dollars
Upon His Desk.
HANNA SHORT ONE VOTE.
Lively Skirmishing Before the Battle
in the Legislature Which
Will Begin To-Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, 0., Jan. 10.— Senator
Ilanna is believed to be short to-night
one vote of election. The opposition is
not sure of 73 .votes for any one man
as against only 72 for Hanna, but they
feel confident, at least, of preventing
Hanna's election.
Last night the Democratic steering
committee demanded of Mr. Kurtz that
he furnish at least eight affidavits to
night from Republican members that
they would stand with the sixty-one
Democrats in voting against Hanna.
The Democratic'steering committee re
ported to-night that they were satisfied.
Representative Gayman, chairman of
the House Democratic steering com
mittee, went so far as to say that Han
na's defeat to-morrow is assured.
There is no doubt that Senator Han
na was beaten for a week previous to
last Friday, when Representative Man
uel of Montgomery County changed in
his favor. On Saturday the Hanna
men secured Representative Griffith of
Union, but they made no accessions
yesterday and to-day, and it is the gen
eral belief that they are short one vote
to-night.
It has been agreed by a conference
committee that the balloting in the two
houses will not begin until 2 p. m. to
morrow, and there may be several
changes in that time. The real work
of the fight on both sides is being done
to-nijjht. The workers will nut sleep
now until after the balloting begins.
There is a feeiin^ among many of those
opposing Hainui that if he fs not de
feated on the first ballot, or rather, by
the separate ballots to-morrow, he
will not be defeated at all. These anti-
Hanna workers say they had a major
ity of five against Hanna when they
exposed their strength in organizing
the Legislature last Monday, and, if
they come down to a majority of only
one against Hanna to-morrow the
coalition may not hold together for
another day.
While the opposition still insists on
Kurtz as the candidate against Hanna
yet they say that Bushnell, Kurtz, or
any other one will be dropped U s soon
as it is demonstrated that he cannot
secure all of the votes of either th"
anti-Hanna Republicans or the Demo
cratic members, one of the names
most prominently mentioned to-day
■was that of Representative John P.
Jones, who represents Srark county,
the home of President McKinley. Mr.
Jones is a Republican and a prominent
man in the Miners 1 Union. He is for
free silver and is advocated as the la
bor candidate against the capitalist.
While the mass convention of the
Republicans this afternoon was the
largest and most indignantly enthusi
astic assemblage ever known in this
State, the doubtful Republican mem
bers of the Legislature did not see it
or feel it. They were closely and lib
erally entertained by the opposition at
the Great Southern Hotel during the
afternoon and they were there to
night.
Representatives Manuel, Griffith.
Snyder and others are having the un
divided and constant attention of the
other sides. There are at times lively
scenes when the Hanna members in
vade the com in i t tee's room at the
Great Southern Hotel and also when
the hustlers for the opposition come
to the Neil House after some of the
doubtful members or their friends.
There is to-night doubt also about the
final vote of some of those on whom
both sides have been depending. The
result really hangs in doubt more
than in a balance.
With the result pending upon one
vote either way there are several who
want to be on the winning side and
may at any time change, according to
their belief, as to which side has the
necessary seventy-three votes, or for
some other cause.
Owing to the apparent closeness of
the vote, there are still rumors of
bribery for another vote either way.
It is noted by some of the more con
servative'observers that as soon as no
further changes were announced each
day the contending factions alter
nated in daily reports of bribery. The
Hanna men claim to have steno
graphic notes of an offer of $5000 by
two prominent members of the oppo
sition. The opposition in turn claim
that B. D. Hollenbeck, a member of
the Republican State executive com
mittee, went to Cincinnati Saturday
with $10,000. Representative Otis is a
Republican who was elected on a fu
sion ticket in Hamilton County. He
has voted with the Democrats in the
organization. But it is claimed that
he made friendly overtures to Hanna
workers to entrap them into an offer
for the purpose of exposing the same,
and he will do so on the floor of the
House. It is said that Representative
Otis will pile $10,000 on his desk to
morrow and make a sensational speech
when his name is called on the Sena
torial ballot. The Hanna men make a
general denial of the Otis charges and
say that they anticipate other dra
matic performances to-morrow before
the balloting begins.
Outside the opposition Senatorial
quarters the city is filled to-night with
•xewßipnists yelling jthemsolvjes hoarse
for Hanna. The crowds and th^ px
citement surpass any of the usual con
v.-nt lon scenes.
Colonel T. C . Campbell, Jerry P.
Bliss and others opposing Hanna ar
rived with Representative John C.
Otis from Cincinnati to-night. Several
thousand words of Senatorial matter
was soon after given out to members
of the press about the offers of bribery
to Representative Otis. It was pre
pared by Colonel Campbell, and makes
two pages on a late extra edition that
was gotten out during the night by
the Evening Press, the organ of the
anti-Hanna combine.
A summary of the long story, ac
cording to Colonel Campbell's "state
ment, is that Henry X. Boroe of New
York and formerly of l,os Angeles,
Cal.. called on Colonel Campbell last
Friday at the tatter's office in Cincin
nati and offered Campbell (10,000 for a
fee to get Representative Otis to \<>t<
for Hanna. Campbell and Otis had
frequent meetings with Boyce, who
claimed to be representing J. Plerpont
Morgan and others who have interests
In Ohio that might be affected by leg
islation in Ohio. Colonel Campbell and
Representative Otis say they deter
mined to give Boyce all the latitude he
wanted and set a trap to catch him.
Hollenbeck. who was snid to be the
middle-man, was also taken into their
counsel according to the statements.
Campbell and Otis say the money was
produced and that they are holding it
in trust, and that a statement accord
ingly will be made in the House to
morrow.
Following the publication of this
statement to-night a statement was
given out at the Hanna headquarters
in which they say:
The charge that Representative Otis
has been .ottered a bribe by a representa
tive of l an a is denounced at Senator
Hanna s headquarters as not only false
th/ 7ry D^oular. but characteristic of
the campaign Of tricks and treachery
that Kurtz Myers and their associates
..n^tiV," 1 ' On eVe slllce the Senatorial
question came up. It has been known to
me Republican managers for a consid
erable time that this stage play for ef
fect was contemplated it is known posi
tively that Allen O. Myers said several
days ago . that he expected to see some
member rise in his place on the day of
the first senatorial ballot_and produce
£000 or $10,000 which he Would state had
been given him as a bribe to vote for
Senator Hanna. This statement was
made a week or more ago, but it is now
asserted that the proposition upon which
it is Intended to build this stage effect
was made to Representative Otis only
three days since. The fact that the an
nouncement of a programme of tins sort
was made long before the day on which
it is now charged that the incident took
place, shows clearly that the whole story
is a prearranged one and simply manu
factured by .Myers and his associates for
effect. There is not. say Mr. Hanna's
friends and managers, one single word of
truth in these statements. • • •
It is also known thai a New York news
paper which has fought Mr. Hanna vi
ciously from the time that he assumed
charge of the national campaign in Is%.
dispatched a mysterious messenger to
Ohio recently with large sums of money
and it is not Improbable that numerous
other bribery fakes will be sprung upon
the public from day to day in the effort
to play to a linHh the desperate game
begun months ago. • • •
Mr. Hanna's friends hold in their hands
absolute evidence that offers of bribes
were made to Republicans by men com
ing direct from Uliss and Kurtz, and
know the value of them too well to be
afraid to show their hand before they
are ready to make use of them. • • •
Mr. Hollenbeck. about whose visit to
Cincinnati a vast amount of mystery is
assumed by the originators of this fairy
story, was out of the city when the pub
lication made its appearance, to-night and
could not be reached by wire, but a full
denial as relates to himself will be forth
coming as soon as the statements reach
him.
The opposition insist that Hollen
beck has? fled to escape arrest. Such a
statement is published regarding Hol
lenbeck, while nothing can he learned
here of the whereabouts to-night of
Boyce.
ROCKIIILL FOR THE
CHINESE MISSION
Probability That the Present
Minister to Greece Will
Be Chosen.
The Transfer Would Be Agreeable to
Both Himself end Charles
Page Bryan. «
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. 10.— A Washington
special says: Assistant Secretary ft
State Day this afternoon telephoned
the Senate, asking that Charles Page
Bryan's nomination for the Chinese
mission be not taken up for considera
tion for several days. No explanation
is given for this request, but it is in line
with developments at the White House
for a week. President McKinley has
made several efforts to transfer a more
experienced Minister to China and to
find a safer berth for Bryan, and it is
said he still hopes to be able to do this.
He began with Minister Newell at
The Hague, but he did not desire to
make the change. He also considered
Minister Conger, now in Brazil, but he
found that not practicable. Last week
there was strong pressure made for the
transfer of Minister Rockhill from
Greece, and it it is reported on high
authority that the President is serious
ly considering this transfer. It would
be acceptable to both Rockhill and
Bryan, for while Rockhill sought the
mission to China, Bryan wanted to go
to Greece, if he could not get the
Netherlands.
Rockhill has qualifications for the
Chinese mission possessed by few
Americans. He spent some years in
Peking as first secretary of legation,
and spoke the Chinese language. He
also spent some time in traveling in the
East studying Oriental questions and
people and has written much on these
subjects. His experience in the State
Department is considered a great ad
vantage and he has the confidence of
Secretary Sherman.
MANY ENTRIES FOR THE FUTURITY.
J. B. Haggin Leads All Other Nominators
With 196 Horses.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— In all 923 nomi
nations have been made to the Futurity
stake, which will be decided on course
of Coney Island Jockey Club in 1900. J.
15. Haggin, the aged millionaire and
breeder, leads all nominators with the un
usually large number of 196 entries. Mil
ton Young is second with sixty-seven
nominations, the Belle Meade Stud has
forty-four and August Belmont thirty
three. James R. Keene, who will be rep
resented by a large and powerful stable
in England next year, is well represented.
"W. O'Brien Macdonough of California is
aUo in the Uwu
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAKUABY 11, 1898.
REPUBLICANS
ATTEND A BIG
MASS MEETING
Rally of Friends of
Senator Hanna at
Columbus.
Stalwarts of Ohio Protest
Against What They
Term Conspiracy.
Demand Made That Pledges of
the Party at Toledo Be
Carried Out.
STRONG SPEECHES MADE.
Names of Bushnell, Kurtz and Other
Lenders of the Opposition Are
Loudly Hissed.
Ppwlal Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Jan. 10.— Re
publican ma— -meeting at the Audito
rium in this city this afternoon -was
the largest assemblage ever known in
the history of the city. The capacity
of the Auditorium is COOO. All the
standing room -was taken and many
thousands were unable to gain admit
tance. The meeting lasted from 3 to
6 p. m., with unbroken enthusiasm
and intense indignation throughout its
proceedings. There were repeated
scenes of hinging when the names of
Governor Bushnell. Mr. Kurtz and
others were mentioned. The terms
"traitors," "Judas" and the like were
frequently used in response from the
audience. Several of the speakers re
ferred to Senator Foraker in connection
with the opposition to Hanna. The
audience was in deep sympathy with
the intense and bitter utterances of
most of the speakers. The Columbus
Glee Club, which refused to partici
pate in the Inaugural ceremonies, con
tributed largely to the enthusiasm of
the occasion by its singing. As Chair
man Nash and Congressman Weaver
came upon the platform the Tippe
canoe Club of Cleveland and the Busi
ness Men's League of that city enter
ed the hall and there was a wild scene
for some minutes.
As Kfion as order cmild be restored
Judge Nash addressed the audience as
follows:
Republicans of Ohio: For the first time
in the history of the Republican party in
this State, you have bren called by your
executive committee to meet In mass con
vention. This extraordinary action on the
part of the committee can «>uly be justi
iii-d by the existence of grave dancer.
Such peril not only to you, but t-vt-n to
popular government by the people, your
committee conceived, was lurking in the
legislative halls in Columbus. As your
sentinels placed on duty by you. we de
termined to lay the situation before you
and ask you to take such action as you
might deem wise.
Last spring and summer the Republi
can county and district conventions of
Ohio instructed their nominees for Repre
sentatives and Senators, if elected, to cast
their votes in the election for United
States Senator for the superb leader and
general wllo planned and organized vic
tory for the Republicans of Ohio and the
nation in the vital campaign of lS9ti. Mar
cus A. Hanna. This was the exercise of
a right and a privilege guaranteed to the
people by our constitution, which, says,
•'the people have a right to assemble to
gether in a peaceable manner to con
sult for their common good and to in
struct their representatives." In June the.
Republican party, by its duly authorized
agents, assembled in state convention at
Toledo, and made a covenant with the
people that, if successful, the Republicans
would return Mr. Hanna to the Senate.
In the campaign which followed, at every
meeting held, every speaker from Gov
ernor Hushnell down to the humble
speaker in the log sehoolhouse pledged
himself that this covenant of the party
should be kept. On this issue, among
others, the campaign was conducted, and
the people returned an ample majority of
Republicans to the General Assembly.
All during the campaign certain men,
claiming to be Republicans, fought our
candidates for the Legislature from un
der cover and from the bushes. They did
not make an open, manly tight in the
light of day and where the people could
see what they were about. This charge
is amply proved from th<* election re
turns* on file in the office of the Secretary
of State. However much we must de
spise the methods of these men and d^nb-t
their party loyalty and republican prin
ciples, we must concede that as Amer
ican citizens they had a right to vote
against our legislative candidates. Here
the contest should have ended. But it
did not. The last returns from the elec
tion had not been received when these
men disclosed the existence of a conspir
acy with our open and avowed enemies
to bring shame upon the Republican
party and to lead her trusted and hon
ored representatives into paths of dis
honor. Behing barred and locked doors,
through which no sound could escape to
alarm the honest people they sought to
have our great party, which through all
her glorious history never did a dishon
orable thing, break her faith, pledged to
the people of Ohio. With the whimpering
and insinuating wiles of dishonest poli
ticians they tempted your representa
tives to disobey your instructions and
disregard the will of the peooie.
On Monday last they captured the out
§osts of our citadel in organizing the
enate and House of Representatives of
Ohio. Then the extent and strength of
the conspiracy first dawned upon the
people of Ohio. Then the question was
tiot whether Mnrk A. Hanna should con
tinue to be a I'nited States Senator. It
was "shall the honor and integrity of the
Republican party be preserved unsul
lied?" It was "shall the will of the peo
ple be done?" In thiff emergency we ap
pealed to you. A storm <>f indignation
hag ewept over our great State and has
culminated in this meeting to-day. Re
publicans of Ohio, you know n^w the
situation. It is now for you to deal with
it as your consciences may dictate.
Congressman Walter L.. Weaver of
BprtftgAeML the home of Governor
Hushnell, was then introduced as
chairman of the meeting. He made a
most vigorous spewh against those
whom he accused with schemes for the
disruption of the party. The hissing
of the name of Governor Bushnell. Mr.
Kurtz and others, that began during
the address of Judge Nash, reached a
much higher pitch during the address
of Congressman Weaver. At the con
clusion of Mr. Weaver's address Con
gressmen Grosvenor, North way. Kur
ton and Southard and Judge Ooble of
Cincinnati were appointed a commit
tee on resolutions.
While the committee was out Colonel
R. Nevin of Dayton spoke. Colonel
Nevin has always been the close per
sonal and political friend of Senator
Foraker, Mr. Kurtz and others who
are at this time opposing the election
of Senator Hanna. His speech against
the action of those whom he charged
with demoralizing and debauching the
party caused the greatest demonstra
tion of the afternoon. Almost the en
tire audience rose to their feet, and
while standing on chairs threw their
hats, handkerchiefs and other articles
wildly about the hall. At the conclu
sion of this remarkable address the
resolutions were read by John K. Mal
loy. who had been defeated by the
bolters for Clerk of the House. The
resolutions were unanimously adopted,
as follows, by a rising vote and the
most enthusiastic demonstrations of
approval:
This mass meeting of Ohio Republicans
sends greetings to the people of the State
of Ohio and declares that notwithstand
ing the verdict of the people of this State
In favor of the Republican party and its
candidates expressed in the November
election, after a lair, full and compre
hensive discussion of all the Issues in
volved, has now discovered that a con
spiracy, organised and promoted outside
of the members of the General Assembly,
has been formed to thwart that expressed
will. Designing men in the State of Ohio
are making- strenuous efforts, which we
do not care to specially characterise, to
the accomplishment •** the various pur
poses of this nefarious scheme.
The conspiracy contemplates and has
for its ultimate purpose the transfer to
tin- Democratic party without limitation
th<- control of the organization of the
Senate, and to take from the regularly
constituted majority of the House the
control of its organization and to confer
upon the Democratic party power to limit
and circumvent Republican legislation
and thereby make possible such legisla
tion as is desired by the parties to the
combination. It contemplates the defeat
of Hon. Marcus A. Hanna, th* regularly
nominated candidate of the Republican
party of the State for Senator of the
United States, and it contemplates the
sending to that body of either a free
silver Republican, pleased to stand by the
interests and principles of the men who
elect him, or the election of a. Democrat
or both.
The scheme further comprehends and
proposes a reapporttonment of the State
for Congressional purposes to the end
that an additional number of Democrats
be elected to the Fifty-sixth Congress,
and in that way defeat the purposes of
the Republican "party, which carried the
country in UM in favor of William M< -
ECinley for President and the sound money
and protective tariff views of the great
party to which we belong.
Further than this, vla scheme con
templates the ripping up of the judicial
districts of the State to the end that
faithful judicial ottlcers may be turned
out and their places 'given to Democrats,
and bills are now prepared for both the
foregoing purposes. And still further,
we believe and charge that there is in
contemplation such a transfer of power
through legislation to * rtain men con
nected with this conspiracy as that evil
consequences will accrue to the, people
of the State.
•Unconscious, as we would fain believe of
the scope and far-reaching consequences
of their acts, certain members of the
Legislature elected by Republicans and
by Republican votes and pledged to Re
publican Interests, have been so far mis
led as to Join in making possible the suc
cess of this conspiracy so far.
Now, for the purpose of arresting the
further progress of this baneful con
spiracy and to prevent its complete and
almost important accomplishment, we ap
peal to every Republican member of the
General Assembly, to every Republican
of the State of Ohio and to every person
interested in the fair name of the State
of Ohio to use their influence that further
progress ma) be now checked and
thwarted. - •
We recognize that there Is a distinction
between a number of the Legislature
voting against his party nominee on the
organization of that body and voting
against his party's candidate for United
Slates Senator, which whs made by the
people in their primary capacity and rati
fied by them at the polls. The one, a
violation of party duty, the other involves
a breach of the highest trust and a viola
tion of the principles of our Government,
such us has never in the history of the
Republican party occurred. There have
been bolts from Senatorial nominees made
at caucuses, but since the nomination of
Abraham Lincoln against Stephen A.
Douglas, more than torty years ago, by
the people of Illinois, in State convention,
to that of Marcus B. Hanna, by the
Republicans of Ohio, in State conven
tion in 1897, there has absolutely not been
one member of. the Legislature, be it said
to the glory of our common country, who
has*- refused to ratify a nomination so
made by the people, i
The member of the Ohio Legislature,
elected as a Republican, who this week
first casts his vote against Mr. Hanna (if
there he one) will have the distinction of
making the first example of such perfidy
in his party's, and, We believe, his coun
try's history.
As the infamy of such a breach of trust,
should It occur,' would thus first stain the
fair name of our beloved State, we feel
Justified in appealing to all the people and
to all in public authority, without regard
to past or present party affiliations or
sympathies, to stay this present blow. It
would be the severest ever administered
in civil affairs against our governmental
system; it would consist of a plain viola
tion of the spirit if not the letter of the
Ohio constitution, which members of the
General Assembly and State officials have
taken a solemn oath to support.
We must reject the reports that any
supposed " or actual personal grievances
or other consideration will swerve him
from this manifest path of duty. There
fore, :■'. J .
Resolved, first, that we condemn, with
out reserve or qualification, this most
unholy conspiracy and protest in the
name of the people of the State of Ohio
against its further progress and further
rocce— ■
Resolved, further, that we call upon
• very Republican member of the Gen
eral Assembly to ho present in his scat
on next Tuesday by voice, act^and vote
to carry into execution the fulfillment of
the obligation Assumed by him when
elected as such member; and.
Resolved . finally, that we will welcome
most cordially to full co-operation the
Republican members of said General As
sembly, however they may have voted or
acted thus far in relation to the subject
matter of this declaration.
Congressman Burton of Cleveland
made one of the most vigorous
speeches of the afternoon and present
ed a mammoth petition with over 10,000
signatures from the home of Hanna In
favor of his election. Among the other
speakers were \V. W. Peabody of Cin
cinnati, D. K. Watson, S. H. Southard.
J. Warren Keifer, R. W. Taylor. W.
S. K»»rr and \V. R. Warn**ck. Hon.
James Hoyt of Cleveland, ex-CJovernor
Foster of Fostoria and H«.n. Emmett
Tompkins of Columbus made most vig
orous speeches, after which the meet
ing closed with three cheers for the
Republican party, followed by three
cheers for Hanna. After the meeting
Senator Hanna was serenaded at the
Neil House and responded in several
speeches. Senator Hanna did not at
tend the mass convention nor the in
augural exercises earlier in the day.
He was busily engaged in conference
with his coworkers, and the frequent
calls for him by the visiting delegates
were evidently an interuption to much
more Important matters at this time.
The fac-fimile /r& sfi* r-* ii on every wrapper
signature of (JU//Sfj£^Su of CASTOEIA.
BUSHNELL
INAUGURATED
GOVERNOR
Takes the Oath as
Chief Executive
of Ohio.
Rxcitement Is Manifested
With the Beginning of
His Second Term.
Delegations From the Country
Attend Ceremonies at the
Capital.
A VERY BRIEF ADDRESS.
In It No Direct Allusion Is Madeto the
Bitter Senatorial Fight No-win
Progress.
Sperlal Dispatch to The Ca'.l.
COLUMBUS, Jan. 10.— The Legisla
ture reconvened this morning and the
Inauguration of Governor Bushnell
occurred at noon.
This has been the most exciting in
auguration day over known in Colum
i bus. Long before noon th» streets were
> thronged with excursionists from the
| country. They poured in from every
i direction. At noon the railways
' mated that there had been llj,OtO ar
rivals during the night and day. Kush
nell badges wen in the majority, as the
Hanna excursionists were not booked
to arrive until afternoon, in time for
I the procession. During the forenoon
the State House was surrounded by
J crowds yelling for Tiushnell. It was
Impossible for the crowds to get inside
the Capitol building, and the Governor
was called outside on the grounds,
where he addressed the multitude, one
delegation after another.
The first delegation to which the Gov
ernor responded was from his home at
Springileld, and included hundreds of
workingmen from Bushnells shops,
bearing written greetings of confidence
in him. These demonstrations contin
ued until noon, when Governor Hush
nell was escorted to the rotunda of the
State House, where the decorations of
Moral designs and bunting were more
elaborate than ever before. The mem
bers of the Supreme Court and all
other State officers had reserved se"ats
and the crowds occupied all the space
In windows, galleries and everywhere,
while the street and State House
grounds were crowded with shuulers.
A very small percentage could gain
admission to the house, but when
cheers were heard Inside the echo was
taken up on the outside, and the air
was tilled with loud responses.
The Neil House is directly across
HiKh street from the State House and
Senator Hanna witnessed the forenoon
scenes in the Capitol grounds from his
rooms, but these demonstrations did
not interfere with the Senatorial skir
mishing.
During the forenoon there were no
cases of violence reported, although the
noise was loud and continuous.
The exercises in the rotunda were ac
cording to the usual programme. The
oath of otiice was administered by Chief
Justice Burkett, who was re-elected on
the. ticket last November with Gov
ernor Bushiu'll. The Governor was
given the usual ovations when he first
appeared on the platform and again
when he appeared to deliver his inaug
ural address.
The inaugural contained no reference
to the contest of the Senatorship, un
less the following can be so construed:
"fey so legislating and acting for the
people, to secure the best results with
the least possible friction, much can be
done to make the general respect for
government higher and more enduring.
It is certain that our aim must be so to
regulate and conduct the matters com
mitted to our charge as to earn this
tacit commendation from the citizen
ship of all degrees. An appreciation of
the gravity of the task, of the difficul
ties to he encountered and the neces
sity for sincere and honest service, will
do much in the aid of those who desire
it to deserve the good will of their
fellow men for faithful stewardship
rendered."
As Governor Bushnell was inaugu
rated to-day for his second term, and
had a week ago sent an elaborate
message to the Legislature, his address
to-day was unusually brief. He was
most loudly cheered at the close, and
the ovation continued as long as he was
in sight. All who could get into the
push followed him to the executive
chamber to congratulate him.
Arrangements were made at once for
the Governor's staff to proceed to the
grand stand on the north side of the
State House to view the parade.
The public reception given by Gov
ernor Bushnell to-night was a quiet
affair. A platform, handsomely deco
rated, had been placed in the rotunda
of tho Capitol, and here the Governor,
assisted by Mrs. Bushnell and sur
rounded by the members of his staff,
received first the reception committee,
the members of the Legislature, State
officials and their ladies: then the
public was admitted, and about 2000
people passed through and were greeted
by the Governor and his wife. There
were no incidents to mar the pleasure
of the evening.
TooK Poison While Demented.
Mrs. Mary Duffy, a widow 24 years old,
living with her mother at 321»-i Broadway,
committed suicide last evening 1 by tak
ing 1 a dose of carbolic acid. Her brother,
Joseph Brown, found her unconscious in
her room and had her taken to the Har
bor Receiving Hospital where she died.
Mr. Brown says that his sister was out
of her head when she took the poison.
FOES OF THE
CIVIL SERVICE
ARE HEARD
Opponents of the Law
Engage in the
Debate.
Nine of Eleven Speakers
in the House Against
the System.
An Effort Will Be Made to Shut
Off Further Argu
ment.
PLAIN LANGUAGE USED.
Sulloway Says the Law Was Con
ceived in Iniquity, Born in Infamy
and Administered in Cowardice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Risers House,
Washington, Jan. 10.
The opponents of the civil service
law had much the best of the debate
in the House to-day so far as the
number of those engaged in it were
concerned. Nine of the eleven speak
ers were of the opposition. The
friends of the law are very anxious to
shut off further debate, and in this
will have the co-operation of Speaker
Reed and the Rules Committee. Mr.
Moody, who has charge of the bill,
gave notice that he would test the
sense of the House to-morrow on a
motion to close debate. The opposi
tion immediately sent word to all in
their ranks to be on hand, and they
say they will have no difficulty in de
feating the motion.
The attendance in the House was
light to-day, but the galleries were
well filled. The civil service debate
was resumed, and C'ooney (D.) of Mis
souri took the floor. He opposed the
whole civil service reform idea, which
he denounced as a choat and a nar
row swindle. A civil pension list and
office holding class, he argued, were
logical and inevitable if it was to be
continued.
DOR <R.) of West Virginia followed
with a set speech in opposition to the
law.
Cox (D.) of Tennessee said he was so
utterly opposed to civil service reform
that he would vote to strike out the
appropriation for the committee and
for the repeal of the law.
Little (D.) of Arkansas antagonized
the principle, theory and practice of
the law.
Brumm (R.) of Pennsylvania also op
posed the "reform system." He doubt
ed, he said, whether the President of
the United States, members of the Su
preme Court, Senate or House ccmld
pass some of the civil service exami
nations. He defended what was known
as the "political pull," which he said
ought to be cultivated. Kvery young
man should have such influence, and
if he did not have it, it was the best
evidence that he was unworthy of
political privileges. He was ready to
vote for the repeal cf the law.
McCall (Ft.) of Massachusetts was the
first speaker to-day to defend the mer
it system. In reply to the criticisms of
some of the opponents of the system,
he raised a laugh at the expense of
Grosvenor, who. according to his
(McChll's) calculations, wanted over 115
per cent of the offices exempted from
thf operation of the civil service law
Cowherd (D.) of Missouri called at
tention to some alleged violations of
the civil service law in his district. He
said that it is inconsistent for the Pres
>f///i| /
"1 k \\- J \
" It's no use; I've tried dozens of places and it's simply impossible
to get good tobacco for five cents."
Good cigars, you mean. If you'd invest your nickel in Piper
Heidsieck you'd get the best piece of tobacco you ever put between
your teeth." ;; .  "
Judges of good tobacco everywhere are unanimous in
their praise of
PIPER HEIDSIECKScoo
(CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR) ?
■ l It is not only the best chewing tobacco on the market,
but since the recent increase in size (making the new plug
1 nearly half as large again as the old) it is positively the
' . biggest piece of good tobacco ever sold for five cents.
*
ident to play to- the grand stand with
support of the law while his subordi
nates were entertaining the bleachers
by "turning the rascals out."
"Sulloway (R.) of New Hampshire
proudly proclaimed himself a spoilsman
without any mental reservation. The
civil service law, he said, had beon con
ceived in iniquity, born in infamy and
administered in cowardice and by
Democrats. He believed the Govern
ment belonged to its friends. Sullo
way's remarks were very picturesque,
and kept the anti-reformers in a con
tinuous roar of approval.
After some further remarks by Park
er (R.) of New Jersey, in defens.- of
the law, and Low of New York, in fa
vor of a modification of the law, the
debate closed for the day.
Moody (R.) of Massachusetts, in
charge of the bill, gave notice that to
morrow he would make a motion to
close the debate. Much opposition was
manifested, but no test was made.
At 5 o'clock the House adjourned.
WILL PLANT SUGAR BEETS
IN THE PLACE OF GRAIN.
CHICO, CaL, Jan. 10.— Report has
become current here, and it is from
good authority, that the renters of the
Walsh and Finnell ranches in Clenn
County have been instructed not to
summer-fallow any lands this cominar
year. There were no explanations
given, but those who have kepi abreast
with the times expect great realiza
tions in the near future for Butte, Oo
lusa and Glenn counties, A few weekfl
ago Eastern capitalists secured bonds
on some of the best lands of several
of the largest ranches in these counties
and intend erecting sugar factories this
coming season. This is why there will
be no grain raised on these particular
lands the coming year, but instea-l
beets will be planted and cultivated.
This will lead to the growing of thou
sands f>f acres of beets, as it has been
shown by tests that the land around
Chico is particularly adapted to beet
culture.
MARYSVJLLE, Jan. 10 — Th 3 Marys
▼file Improvement Association has in
vited the farmers of this section to
meet with them next "Wednesday even
ins? for the purpose of considering a
proposition submitted by In*? California
Beet i ugar and Hennery Company of
San Fiajicisco, who agree to pay £4 per
ton for beets containing 15 p-ir cent < f
sugar to the weight of the b<;?t, in ad
dition to which a premium of 25 cents
per ton is to be paid for each and every
full defjiee of sugar above 15 per cent,
making the contract price for beets
containing 19 per cent of .sugar $."• per
ton. As yet no land in Yu.ia County
has h^en planted to sugar beet-*.
NEW TO-DAY.
FOR 6 DAYS !
WE HAVE JUST ABOUT
2000 YARDS
— OF —
CARPET REMNANTS
STILL TO CLOSE OUT \
% At These Extraordinarily Low Prices
TAPESTRY - - - 38c Yard
MOQUETTE- - - 53c Yard
BODY BRUSSELS - 59c Yard
WILTON VELVETS, 60c Yard
AXMINSTER= - = 60c Yard
\ We never offered at such prices
5 — remnants 3 yds to 30.
2 See our window.
S ALEX. MACKAY& SON
\ Furniture, Carpets and Upholstery,
; 715 MARKET ST.MAYOR LAND
MAKES TWO
SELECTIONS
Lowell for Chief of
Sacramento City's
Police.
George Meister to Super
intend the Municipal
Cemeteries.
Some Anxiety Felt as to the
Confirmation of the
Nominees.
ANTI-STAMP ORDINANCE.
Trftstee Bentloy Aims to Protect the
People Against a Possible
Bunko Game.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
m SACRAMENTO, Jan. 10.— Mayor
Land to-i I in the nomination
cf William Lowell for <'hi.'f of Police
of Sacramento City for the ensuing
term. tlcoi^f .M< ister was also named
i - the Superintendent of City C^rne
t- ries.
When the matter of confirmation of
the appointments made by Mayor- Land
I ist Monday came up, the Board qf
Trustees postponed action for one
v. eek.
William Lowell, the nominee of the
Mayor f>>r Chief of Police, was b.^rn in
Sacramento County and has lived here
since his birth. He was for a number
'■f years an officer on the* force, and is
very popular among the men with
whom he served. For th.- last two years
he lias i" ■■!! in i 1;i 1 ; ■ employ of James
Woodbur'n, the liquor merchant. Mr.
• II was two y.>urs with Superin
. t t of State Printing Johnston, and
:: a> tive and ener-
Republican.
Cons . anxiety is felt over the
n of the Board of Trustees con
tyor's nominees, and the
Is of the various candidates are
astir in an I ■ ••■ t> obtain tin- n<'c
essar: of favorable votes. I'.y
reason of a >\\: : . \isting between
th. last 11 ■ : 1 ioard of Trustees,
Dn held over for two
years, when as a matter of fact both
the board and Mayor desired some -one
•
Trust* Bentley introduced an ordi
i ■■ to-night directed against the
trading s ■ era, which is an
Eastern importation ami is designed to
r th<- condition ->f trade. Whether;
■■ not it carries out the original de
i m.itt.-:- of conten- i
Th • plan Is to sell to certain
rtn-er chants a book of -lamps. The mer- ,
vhants then give thes« stamps to cus
rs, who in turn tak> them to the '
original stamp concern, which rede
th< : by the exchange of lamps ana •
• I- I Some claim that '
i"l is a regular bunko game, and the
merchants who buy the stamps are
■ 1 into the transaction by a sharp
■ petition. At any rate the only
1 rotit seems to go to the stamp com
. for in the long run it is claimed
the customer who thinks he is receiving
something for nothing is very much
mistaken, as the tradesman simply
tacks on enough to cover his price for
the stamps. The question has been
.'ijLritatir;- the city for several days
; and it is expected that the
Beni n ill bring about a
very ■ the merits and
demerits of the system.
MRS. OELRICHS IN A
FAIR WAY TO RECOVERY.
But It Is Yet Necessary for Her to Remain
in a Darkened Room as the Injured
Eye Continues Inflamea.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10.— The latest re
•rning Mrs. Herman Oelrichs
• while she is in a fair way to per
ry, it is still necessary
for her to remain in a dark room, as
I eye o mtinues inflamed.
A Farmers' Fire Insurance Company.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 10.— This after
the Farmers' Mutual Life Insur
ance Company completed its organiza
tion by the election of the following
■ tors: D. M. Winans, S. T. Coul
tor, John Strong, James Moran, <;. T.
Trowbridge, H. <;. Gregory , W. H.
Harris. C. D. Grover, k. G. Suth- - r
land, J. G. Stevens and C. F. Bruise
man. Already $52,000 of the capital
stock has been subscribed.
WILLIAM LOWELL.
THE SCANDAL
IN THE SCHOOLS
YET GROWING
Los Angeles Is Deeply
Stirred at Devel
opments.
One More Warrant Has
Been Traced toßraly's
Bank.
This Makes Four of These Very
Peculiar Transactions
of Record.
DAVIS IN AN ODD LIGHT.
Chairman of the School Board Pay*
Interest on Money Held in
Tru^t.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
LOP ANGELES, Jan. 10.— Those
dragnet affidavits asked of the
teachers of the schools of Los Angeles
;is part of the defense of Walter L.
Webb, the School Director charged
with "holding up" teachers, are proving
a veritable mine of unexpected devel
opments, but not of th^ kind the prose
cution is looking for.
The latest result of this phase of the
h :- ;•■•• n to place another promi
nent leader of the League for Better
City Government on the defensive.
This time it Is Charles Oissat Davi6,
chairman of • the Board of Education,
v. h >se election was heralded as a no
table victory in behalf of the league,
and presumably in the interests of
P'mml government.
In the affidavit flleti by Carrie M.
Blanford, a primary school teacher,
that lady stated she had transacted
legal business with Charles C Davis
In 1894 and in 1897.
Investigation developed the following
facts: During the years 1892 and LBM
sums uf money were placed in the
hands of Mr. Davis by the mother of
Miss Blanford for safe keeping. In the
aggregate these moneys amounted to
.>;■"'. m place uf a simple receipt Mrs.
Blanford was given notes by Mr.
Davis.
In July of this year the daughter
made an arrangement with her moth r
by which Miss Blanford became the
possessor of these notes. This transfer
was made for the reason, as alleged,
that Miss Blanford^ by aiding in the
support of the family, had become en
titled to the moneys represented by the
notes.
Previous to these various payments
had been made on the notes by Mr.
Davis, amounts called for from time
to time by Mrs. Blanford. At the time
the notes were transferred to Miss
Blanford th<.- amount remaining due
was only $200. The notes had become
outlawed, but Mr. Davis called atten
tion t" the fact and Mut-d that he was
ready at any time t<» renew them.
Meanwhile he continued to pay interest
on the amount that remained, in his
custody.
Ordinarily a transaction of this kind
would nut call for any particular nu
tice, but the Leagu< for Iv-tter City
Government will probably want some
explanation from School Director Da
vis and from Miss Stanford, particu
larly in view of th-- fact that about the
time ;!;•• notes were transferred to
Miss Blanford by h<-r mother th«-
Board of Education had just made its
appointment <>f teachers for the new
Bchoul year.
Another ouestion likely to be asked
us. why. if th.- money was placed with
Mr. Davis simply for safe-keeping:, did
he pay interest on the sum intrusted
to him. <>r in otht-r words, why did he
make compensation for a favor pre
sumably conferred by him on the per
son whom he compensated?
This development also recalls with
significance the Btrong protest made
by chairman Davis at the last ;%«s»i">n
•if the board against the manner in
which the defense proposed to put in
its case. The plan of Webb's counsel
was and is to make (very teacher and
employe of the School Department
state under oath whether <>r not he
had paid for a position, if any ap
proaches had heen marie to do so. and
to relate any business transactions
v. ith any School Director.
On the evening in question, lost
Wednesday, chairman Davis voiced
a protest as follows: "I want to make
one statement to the board and to the
defense. I f'-el that in justice to my
self I cannot allow th» examination
as it was carried on at the last meet
ing— the bringing out of simply nega
tive testimony — without a protest.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXUART 11, 1898.
."his method of proceeding is an abso
. ite waste of limp and money. Nega
tive testimony has absolutely no i
hearing on the issues of the case. I do
this individually because the expense.
Is a large one and the inconvenience i
to the teachers here is great. I sim
ply wish, to enter this as a protest."
Added interest is given by these facts
i>< the homily delivered to-night by
Chairman Davis on the duties of those
Intrusted with the welfare of the pub-
Is ■ schools. In part he said: "It is
not improper, I think, that as I ai
sumo the chair this evening I state
briefly the objects we shall endeavor to
carry out this year, in order to place
ill-* schools upon a different basis from
that occupied by them for some years,
and especially during the past year.
The puMic schools are cherished as ;
aiming the most sacred of our Institu
tions; attack them, impair their effi
ciency, use them for political ends, or
l<>t extortion or corruption worm into
them, and every mother and father of
the community is alert and resentful.
"The people have intrusted to the !
School P.oard the guard and guidance
of this branch of our (Jovernment; in
it is vested the power to make or un
make any one of the hundreds of teach
ers and employes; to add to or do away
with studies; and to control, almost
untrammeled except by public opinion,
the education which the children shall
receive. As a natural but unfortunate
result of this power, the Board of Edu- \
cation, composed almost invariably of ;
new men each term, who are often Ig
norant of the duties of the office and
as often so small as to be inflated with
pride in the power, have an influence
over the school department and over
the teachers individually, wholly un- j
warranted in reason, and which may
grow demoralizing and even dangerous
in its effects: and if. in addition to ig
norance on the part of the board, there
be added a willingness to sacrifice the
schools to political or personal ends, or
to use the insidious power over the
teachers and employes, to plunder or
coerce them, the effects may be unjust
and outrageous.
"It is my f«-elinc that there should
bo a radical reform in all matters
where our experience shows there is
wrong which may be righted; and that
especially there should be a change in
the matter of employing and continuing
teachers. They should be employed
only after a careful examination :tnd
the preference, other things being
equal, should he given to those having
the most liberal education. The to.ich
er. once accepted, should be assured of
a certain permanency of tenure, de
pendent upon efficiency.
"The business side of th»- department
also needs Improvement. The method
of purchasing supplies is unsatisfactory
and sometimes open to suspicion, be
cause it apparently affords easy oppor
tunity for crookedness, with difficulty
in detecting it. Other cities employ
methods that give good results and I
feel it is our duty to adopt them or
some other plans which will satisf> the
public and ourselves that th>se affairs
are managed with the same care as is
employed in any properly administered
ti list
"Our people demand these reforms:
they demand that th»> schools be kept
free from the withering touch of the
politician or the self-seeker; and they
demand of us further that a detper.
broader, more patriotic spirit shall
henceforth guide and control the board
"I feel assured that a majority, if
not all. of the board will give cheerful
aid in accomplishing this work. Our
duty is plain. Let no man falter, but
let each bear his r>art in the work of
improvement which has fallen to our
lot, to the end that we may r*»de^m th^
school department from the shame of
the nast yf-ar, and that we may leave,
at the end of our term, a department
with work so systematized and iru.ird
ed that a repetition of that sad history
shall be impossible."
Investigation before the Board of
Education will be continued to-mor
row night.
JIM'S OFFER
TO LANKY BOB
Corbett's Final Effort to
Secure One More
Battle.
Willing to Give Thirty-Five
Thousand Dollars for
the Fight.
The Champion Is Duly Taunted, but
Refuses to Consider the
Challenge Seriously.
Special Dlfpatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Jan 10— At the close of
the second act of James J. Corbett's
play, "A Naval Cadet," at Haviin's
Theater to-nipht. Corbett stepped be
fore the curtain, and announced that he
offers Fitxaimmons 135,008 for a finish
li^ht, the entire sum to *-■" to Fltzsim
mona if <"orbett fails t" put him out in
ten rounds. Corbett Intended to issue
this challenge on January 17. but de
cided to make it public ti'-niyht. The
challenge reads ;» s follows:
Kobert Fltzsimni"iis: Neither of us is
qualified for oratory, and the public is
nut entertained over your wrangling over
what :s palpably an bonesi proposition,
more to your advantage than mine. As
a. last Inducement to overcome your ob
vious reluctance t" meet me again, I will
make that prop till more 1 Lvora
ble, thus: Your j ■ 1 • - l i i -^ from your four
greatest battles wer< : Battle with Demp
sey, $12,000; battle, with Matter, $10,000;
battle with Hall, $5000 (the offered purse
was $40,000. but tin club failed); battle
with Creedon, i- , n aking a total of
$32,000.
You made nothing oui "f your fight with
me, for, having ii<> hop< of winning, you
sold your chance for the purse for 15 "per
cent." of th.- profits on the vettocope.
Therefore, $32,000 represents your reward
In gross for the five greatest contests of
your life. Now list* n t>> what I otr.-r:
A purse of t-',. 1 '" 1 stands ready to »•••
offered as a prize foi a meeting ta tru
ring with you. To this 1 will add $10,000
of my own, conditionally that you agree
to box me t<> a finish. This makes $35,000.
I offer you this entire sum if I fail to stop
you in ten rounds; with two provisions
viz.:
First— That the contest must continue
to a finish: and
Becond— That I shrill havo something: to
say in regard to the appointment "f ■
referee who will not l>e unfairly preju
diced in your favor.
This Is my final proposition. Take it
or leave it. If YOU r.-ally want li^ht — it
offers it. if you want money— a sum is
ready, exceeding your Kmss receipts in
live great battles. If rou want reputa
tion, you can make II better by meeting
me than by meeting all others together
if you <loubt this, ask the public each
nlpht when you exhibit. That is my ul
timatum. I am tired of this chatter, l
want work, not ttiik Paper gabblings do
not suit me. and abuse is a coward's
weapon.
If this, my lost offer, will not make you
m<-et me like ;i man. it is because your
Carson bruises are still aching so pain
fully that $35,000 cannot tempt you to en
dure their certain r< • wal. This Is the
only excuse you i in offer or that the
public will accept. The tree or' success
is too hard to iliinb. i admit. It may !••■
that V"U are satisfied with the small fruit
ripening '>n the lower limbs. The great
prize can only b<- v by reaching to
where my name Was, is. and shall he.
But whether you w , venture or not,
this, my last challenge to you— and to
bind which I shall post JiO.OOu forfeit the
NEW TO-DAY.
We can clothe you for the city or the Klondike. Cloths you well and
reasonably. Ready made or to order.
This is not a "one-idea" store. We sell ready-made clothing of the highest
grade for children, boys, youths and men. We invite the attention of mothers.
Our facilities for made-to-order clothing are the most systematic — our
white labor workshops the largest — on the Pacific Coast.
In Gents' Furnishings we show a most complete assortment — selling at
cost to advertise this fact.
Blankets, Heavy Fur Coats, Underwear, Hose and every requisite for
Klondike outfits. Special care given to this department — we want your trade
when you return. ' .
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
S. N. WOOD Zr CO.,
718-722 IkCA-IRKET STREET.
minute you accept— remains nailed where
you must see and cannot avoid it.
"JAMES G. CORBETT."
ST. PAUL, Jan. 10.— "Well, now,
what do you think rrf that?" was all
that Fitzsimmons would say to-night
when shown the dispatch from St. Lou
is announcing the offer by Corbett of
?35.00<) if Fitzsimmons would fight him.
The proposition seems to amuse him.
nnd h»> refused to consider it seriously,
n-ferring the inquirer to his manager,
Martin Julian. Julian said emphatical
ly that he would consider no fight pro
posal until Corhett had whipped Ma
her. and refused to talk of any other
possibilities.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 10.— Track slow.
Results:
Six and a half furlongs, Rosa Hums
won. Mr. Hunt second, Jim Conway
third. Time. I:^s'^.
One mile and twenty yards. "Wilson
wen, Siva second, Brennan third. Time,
1:474..
Selling. Pix furlongs, Mamie Callan
won, Hih.rnia yupcn second, At Lone
third. Time. 1:17%.
Handicap, one mile. Albert S won. Vis
count second, Klkin third. Time, 1:44.
Six furlongs, Doiah Wood won. David
second. Albert Vale third. Time, laC'z.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Secretary of the Treasury Recommends an
Appropriation for the Completion of
the Stockton Postoffice.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The Secre
tary uf the Treasury, in compliance
with a request from the committee on
| public buildings and grounds, made at
the Instance of Representative IV Vries,
has submitted to that committee a re
port recommending an appropriation of
$sl.?00 for the completion of the post
office at Stockt«-n. The bill has been
: referred to a sub-committee, of which
Representative EUlborn is chairman.
This insures an early report, as it is a
California measure.
The committee on rivers and harbors
was requested by Representative De
Vries to fix a day for the hearing of
the committee appointed by the Sacra
mento River Convention on the ques
tion of an appropriation for the Sacra
mento and the San Joaquin rivers, and
s> i Wednesday, February 10, for sucli
hearing.
Representative Tnnque of Oregon to
day introduced a bill in the House,
which in effect extends to Oregon the
Provisions uf the California mineral
; land bill introduced by Representative
! De Vries. This will further aid the
pamag.l Of the California mineral lands
i bill, as it secures the active support of
the Oregon delegation in Congress in
behalf of both bills.
Senator Perkins to-day presented a
petition of Ironmolders' T'nion No. 164
of San Francisco, praying the passage
of :i bill restricting the sale of contract
prison goods in the State where they
are produced.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Lieutenant-Colonel Frank M. Coxe,
deputy paymaster-general, is relieved
from duty as chief paymaster of the
Department of the Columbia, and will
report in person to the commanding
general of the Department of California
for duty as paymaster of that depart
ment.
Pensions have been granted as fol
lows: <"alif<>rnia: Original— I'riah
Gregory, Los Angeles. $12; Henry
Stephens, Oak Kun. $12; Samuel c.
Collins, I> n s Angeles. S& Additional —
J"hn Nelson, Sawyers I>ar. $n to $8.
Mrs. Senator Stewart is thinking of
going to California for the rest of the
! winter. Mrs. Bessie Stewart has re
i turned from the country and has opened
I up the Stewart castle for the season.
DISCOVERS A
NEW METAL
Wizard Edison May Rev
olutionize the Iron
Business.
This Latest Achievement, How
ever, Is Purely the Result
of an Accident.
Pigiron Made Malleable by a Process
Known Only to the Great
Electrician.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 10— Thomas A.
Edison, the electrical wizard, has made
a discovery which gives promise of rev- i
olutionizing the iron business of the
world. It is nothing less than a new i
metal which admixed with iron renders
cast iron as tough and strong as i
wrought iron. The discovery was made j
purely by accident. Edison has been j
at work for years at the mines in Edi- !
son, N. J., in bringing his great mag- j
netic ere separating process into prac
tical commercial shape. He has prac
tically solved the problem and got
the plant into full operation. During |
the last few months he has run through \
the mills experimental test lots of from :
BOM to lO.uOO tons each. Most of the !
products of the mills have been mar- j
keted at the great blast furnaces at !
Catasanqua, I'a. The last lot, shipped j
to Catasauqua about a month ago, de- j
veloped curious characteristics. It is
well known that after pig iron is run ;
out of the blast furnace it is broken up ;
by sledge hammers into pieces for ship- !
ment and for handling, but this lot !
proved refractory. After the pigs had i
been broken off from the "sow," as the
main line leading to the pig molds is
called, the pigs were covered with sand j
and allowed to cool as usual. Upon be-
Ing thoroughly cooled and taken out j
into the yard, workmen were set to
work to break the pigs up into conven
ient sizes. To their surprise the pigs !
would not break. Fifteen-pound sledge j
hammers were used with all the force
the sturdy men could employ, and re
peated blows failed to break the pigs.
Twenty-five-pound sledge hammers
were then used with the same result.
Edison was at once notified of the re
markable discovery. Sections of the re
fractory pigs were submitted by him to
half a dozen eminent chemists, whom I
he keeps constantly. Edison formed the
theory that there was some hitherto
unknown substance in the iron which j
caused the difference in the output. He j
suspected that it was a new metal. Re- j
ports of the analyses by chemists have
| been made and all coincide with the
wizard's theory. Edison declines to say !
! whether it is an entirely new metal or
j one whose existence was hitherto
known. He is having a new analysis :
made on a larger scale, and will not as- |
, same more than he is prepared to sub
stantiate.
The tired housewife, after toilin?
over a hot stove all the day, requires a
restorative before retiring. By drink
ing Jesse Moore whisky both years and
pleasure will be added to her existence.
ROCHE'S SLAYER
IS SENTENCED
Patrick Savage Gets a
Term of Twenty-Five
Years.
Judge Smith Attributes His
Crime to the Drinking
of Whisky.
Dramatic Scene Between Mothar and
Son in the Los Angelas
Courtroom.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 10.— Patrick
Savage, a young man 27 years of age,
was to-day sentenced by Judge B. N.
Smith to serve twenty-five years at
San Quentin. He murdered William
Roche a few months ago at San Pe
dro. Savage had been a rather wild
young man, but he had given no evi
dence of any vicious tendencies. At
the time of the killing he was in
liquor. If he had been sober it never
would have occurred. In sentencing
him Judge Smith said:
"You have been convicted of a sud
den and almost unprovoked murder.
When you sent a young man into
eternity it was nothing but a sort of
crazy, insane idea. You called this
young boy, William Roche, to the
back porch and shot him down with
this big 45-caliber revolver. I am con
vinced that but one thing Is responsi
ble for this awful deed, and that is
whisky. The jury has been merciful
to you in declaring this to be murder
in the second degree, and the court is
disposed to be merciful also."
The Judge thereupon gave him a
quarter of a century of imprisonment
as punishment. Savage's mother and
sisters were in the courtroom, and the
scene that followed the pronounce
ment of the sentence made by Judge
Smith was most dramatic. The moth
er grasped her son and placing her
arms around his neck wept must bit
terly, at the same time crying, "Oh,
my boy, my darling boy, has it come
to this?" Other relatives who had
gathered in the courtroom began to
sob, and there was not a dry eye
among the half a hundred present.
Finally the time came for the last
parting, and the mother, bracing her
self and drying her eyes, said: "Go,
my boy, my dear boy: go, but remem
ber me and be good."
For San Diego's Naval Militia.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— The Navy
Department to-day formally turned the
Pinta over to the naval militia of San
Diego, Cal. She will be taken in hand
by the militia at San Francisco and
driven under her own steam by them
to Pan Diego.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, Jan. 10.
Stmr TVestport, Jacobs, S3 hours from San
Pedro; ballast to Pollard & Dodge.
56
V
TUESDAY ~. JANUARY v, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sis.. S. F.
. Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson stree
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by rrjali. $1-50
OAKLAND OFFICE ._^_. 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
9 o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
crjd Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Man From Mexico."
California— "A Niyht lv Now York."
Aicazar— •'Esni'Taida '
Morosco'B— "The Pioneer."
Tlvoll— "Mother Goose."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co., to-morrow night
Oixron— Cosniopolitan Orchestra.
Sherman, Clay k Co. Hall— Debut of Miss Frances Davis.
The Chutes— Cnlquita and Vauceville
California Jockey Club, Oakland Racetrack— Races To-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. F. Rooker— Thia day, January 11, Horses, at 721 Howard
fetreet, at n o'clock.
By Frank W. H-.:ttr>rfteld— This day, January 11, Furniture,
atsKi Geary st reft, at 11 o'clock.
THE HATPIN'S NEW RENOWN.
THE hatpin seems to have engrafted itself upon
modern civilization by embedding itself in the
muscular tissue of the race. As a mere imple
ment devoted to the laudable purpose of keeping the
feminine hat on straight the pin could never have at
tained to renown. The best it could have hoped for
was a moderate popularity. But soon the pin was
found to be available in many directions. It would,
when intelligently guided, pick a lock, open an ink
bottle, furtively spear a pickle. In fact there would
be difficulty in naming all the things it was able to
do. Then all at once the sphere of the hatpin
widened. If a man in a public place crowded more
than the exigencies of the jam seemed to warrant a
sharp prod awakened him to a sense of error and
suggested sudden reform. The pin became a weapon
of defense. Far be it from us to say that it ever was
a weapon of offense. Let the men who have been
punctured by it examine their own consciences and
make plaint if they can.
But just now the hatpin is at the zenith of its
fame. It has vanquished a robber. He had invaded,
with evil intent, backed by a gun, a Chicago street
car, and he fled thence with a tiny drop of blood
narking the place where the hatpin had pointed out
to him his mistake. There was a woman in the car
when he entered, and she drew her hatpin so hastily
and employed it so well that all he could do was to
say "ouch" and go away from there. What recks it
if the woman's hat sagged sideways the while?
What if it even fell off? This was no ordinary occa
sion. The hatpin forever!
THE LOS ANGELES SCHOOL SCANDAL.
BIASED to the verge of vicious partisanship
must have been the Los Angeles Herald when
in a recent editorial it said: "The articles in
the San Francisco Call of last Tuesday relating to
the School Board scandal in this city formed one of
the most contemptible pieces of work of which an
alleged great newspaper was ever guilty. The Call
apparently placed its columns at the command of
Webb in order that the latter might distort the facts
and confuse the minds of the paper's readers with
respect to his own questionable actions."
To refute that wanton misrepresentation there is
needed only a plain statement of the facts. When the
first disclosures in the Los Angeles school scandal
•were made The Call recognized the importance of the
issue to the people of that section ar:<i indirectly to
the State at large. It thereupon set about making a
full and fair investigation of the charges and counter
charges on both sides. Its representatives and special
correspondents gave much time and careful study to
the proceedings as they developed from day to day,
and The Call itself gave much space to their reports.
The first notable feature of the case was the
testimony given by Axtell and Adams, which
incriminated Webb. Full reports of the evi
dence of these men were published in The Call, and
then Webb asked for a hearing. The charges
of the accusers having been made public, it
was only fair to give the accused a chance to be
heard before the same popular tribunal. To have re
fused his request would have been * denial of fair
play repugnant to every sentiment of justice and
false to the settled policy of The Call of acting in all
affairs of this kind with judicial impartiality.
Mr. Webb, having been accused of gross offenses
in office, had a right to be heard. We pub
lished his statement as an essential part of the pro
ceedings in the investigation of the truth. He
claimed that he did not have a fair hearing at home,
and the violence with which the Herald attacks The
Call for permitting him to be heard at all goes far to
justify the claim. That fact was an additional reason,
if any had been needed, why The Call should permit
him to make the best defense he could against his
accusers. When a charge is well founded justice suf
fers nothing by that liberty which gives the acciised
a chance to defend himself.
The Call is eager and earnest in the performance
of the duty of exposing every corrupt practice that
exists in official life. It desires to maintain, as far
as possible, the highest standards of honor in the ad
ministration of all public trusts, and to that end gives
prompt and powerful assistance to every movement
designed to expose rascality and turn the rascals out.
It does not intend, however, to act from biased mo
tives, prejudice or passion. Nor will it condemn any
man unheard. It seeks the truth and in all cases acts
fairly, impartially and justly by giving a hearing to
both sides. To do otherwise would be to
perform what the Herald calls "one of the most
contemptible pieces of work of which an alleged
great newspaper was ever guilty."
One of the girls who is ambitious to shine as a
football player has been arrested for vagrancy. She
sprinted fairly well, but the policeman who tackled
her was out of her class as to weight and she didn't
reach the soaL
UNSAFE LEADERSHIP.
"" | 'HE policy of following the lead of Senator
Morgan in annexation or any other serious
matter has doubts cast upon it by the conse
quences which are upon the country through listen
ing to him in the past.
The United States had claimed exclusive owner
ship of Bering Sea and all that swam therein. To
make this claim good we had forbidden other na
tions to take seals in those waters, and when ships
went sealing there under the British flag wo
captured and sold them as prizes. Eng
land disputed our claim of a closed sea
and denied our right to make prizes of the property
of her subjects. Finally the dispute was left to ar
bitration and the nations were asked to sit in judg
ment upon our claim and its denial by Great Britain.
Senator Morgan was appointed one of the American
counsel. The tribunal met in Paris and after patient
and learned investigation found against us on the
claim of a closed sea and found us indebted to Great
Britain in a sum equal to the value of the ships taken
under her flag as prizes. We had agreed before the
arbitration to abide by the verdict. Our Secretary
of State, Gresham, and the British Minister at Wash
ington, after investigating the subject, agreed that
under the verdict of Paris we owed Great Britain
$4.2.4,000 for her ships taken as prizes. The Presi
dent sent to Congress a message apprising it of the
verdict and asking an appropriation to pay it. Then
was presented an opportunity for statesmanship of
the Morgan type. The Alabama Senator was chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs: he had
been of American counsel at the Paris arbitration,
lie spoke by authority, and so speaking proceeded to
declare that in asking an appropriation to pay this
award the President was picking the pockets of the
American people to curry favor with Great Britain.
He declared that we did not owe England a cent for
these prizes and uttered much more bar room dip
lomacy. The appropriation was refused, and at Sen
ator Morgan's instigation a supplementary court was
created, subordinate to the Paris tribunal, to traverse
the subject again, take testimony and reach a verdict
as to whether anything was due Great Britain and
how much.
This court has just finished the labor, which occu
pied it nearly two years and involved sessions at Vic
toria, San Francisco and elsewhere, where numbers
of witnesses were to be had, and has reached a unani
mous verdict that we owed Great Britain $424,000, as
found by Gresham and Paunccfote, and that sum
with interest swelling it to $464,000 must be paid by
v?. together with the costs of this supplementary
court, the whole sum being $600,000. It has, there
fore, cost American taxpayers $176,000 to follow the
advice of Senator Morgan.
That is not the total cost. At the close of our
Civil War we claimed damages of Great Britain for
destruction of our merchant marine by Confederate
privateers built, launched and armed on the Clyde.
She denied responsibility and we asked the nations to
sit in judgment between us. That high court met in
Geneva and found a verdict for us and against Great
Britain in the sum of $13,000,000. Britain without a
moment's delay or word of complaint paid that
enormous fine into our treasury.
Is Senator Morgan capable of appreciating the
contempt and dishonor into which he brought this
country by inducing Congress to refuse to stand by
the Paris arbitration when the sum at stake was so
pitifully small in comparison to that which England
paid to us?
Do his admirers appreciate the loss of standing
and of character among the nations which we have
suffered by his leadership?
After this disgraceful incident should any one fol
low him into further smirch of the country's honor
by annexation of Hawaii against the protest of its
people ?
THE FIGHT FOR THE RIVERS.
| \ROSPECTS for the improvement of the river
y~-S system of California weir never brighter than
at this time. In both the Sacramento and the
San Joaquin valley the revived hopes of the people
have stimulated their energies and they are working
with vigor for the accomplishment of the enterprise.
The outlook is certainly promising. The State
officials are showing commendable activity. The
Attorney-General has approved the contracts let by
the State Commission for deepening Newtown
shoals, and that work will begin as ?non as a favor
able decision on it is received from the War Depart
ment.
The United States engineers recognize the impor
tance of the improvements and are co-operating in
the effort to obtain them. They have this year re
commended an appropriation by Congress of $280,000
for the purpose of deepening the Sacramento from
Newtown shoals to Sacramento, and as this is the
largest sum ever recommended for that section it is
an unmistakable evidence of the growing interest
taken in the work by the national officials.
Nor is it among officials only that we find evi
dences of an increasing purpose to bring about the
much desired results. The people are aroused and
are ready to do their share in completing the task
of saving the valley lands from the recurring floods.
According .o the Sacramento Bee the farmers of
Yolo are freely signing an agreement to buikl up and
connect the levee system to either side of a long and
substantial overflow weir. The effect of this will be
that no water will flow into Yolo County until the
high water mark is touched by the flood at the
city of Sacramento.
Each of these things will count as a factor in sup
port of the bill introduced by Congressman De Vries
appropriating $500,000 for river improvement, and if
all the forces now in movement can be brought to
work in concord we may reasonably expect the pas
sage of the measure.
Patent inside papers are yet passing about to an
admiring constituency accounts of the beautiful
presents Pugilist Fitzsimmons made to his wife
Christmas. These are diamonds and otTier costly ar
ticles such as the wife of the average man sees only
in a show window. And now comes an Australian
paper relating with frankness little less than brutai
how the parents of this liberal person have had to go
to the poorhouse. There is no doubt that Fitzsim
mons is a hard man to whip, but if the paper quoted
is not in error there is no doubt that he needs whip
ping as badly as any one who could be mentioned.
An evening paper known as the Bulletin has
the bad taste to speak of itself as a "rival journal."
Rival to what? The thing excites moderate
curiosity.
Though the actions of Rev. Edwards Davis at San
Quentin have been indorsed by his church, the
church, it may be worth while to remark, was not
there to observe the actions.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAM'AKY 11, IS9B.
A CHICKEN-HEARTED BOODLER.
THE prospect that one of its editors will soon
be compelled to appear at the bar of the Su
perior Court to answer a charge of criminal
libel seems to have completely unnerved the Mission
street Boodler. For several days the Boodler has
been writing up Judge Campbell's court in a vi
vacious way, printing at the same time extensive ac
counts of that jurist's jokes — the evident intention
having been to reach his heart by flattering him. The
Judge, however, has proved impervious to such
blandishments. On Saturday he expounded the law
of criminal libel contrary to the Boodler's expecta
tions.
The change in the attitude of the sheet was im
mediate. Not only does it now link the law of libel
with Judge Campbell's character and denounce both
as the aversion of all valiant champions of "the peo
ple." but "it does not fear the result." It is quite
plain, however, that the Boodler does fear the result.
Its talk is the merest bravado. The heart of the
Boodler is in its throat. It thinks that at last a
method has been discovered for making somebody
responsible for its libels and slanders which, when
made public, is certain to put an end to its irrespon
sible career.
As we understand the proceeding before Judge
Campbell, the Boodler sought to engraft the law of
agency upon the law of libel. It attempted to estab
lish the principle that the editor of a newspaper is
not criminally responsible for what appears in its
columns — in other words, that the proprietor's
agents, having no special authority to libel people,
are on the same footing as agents acting without the
scope of their authority. To acknowledge this doc
trine would compel persons libeled by the Boodler
to look to its proprietor, who resides in New York,
and who is therefore beyond the reach of the courts
ot this State. Under our laws execution in civil ac
tions cannot is^ue against a defendant who has not
been pecsonally served with summons, and as
the owner of the Boodler cannot be personally served
so long as he lives in New York, to grant its theory
of the law is equivalent to granting it immunity from
the laws of libel altogether.
We are glad that Judge Campbell has taken the
correct view of the law. A weaker man might have
yielded to the blandishments of the Boodler, which
is a fawner as well as libeler. There need be no fear
of the "liberty of the press" being interfered with.
The constitution guarantees every man the right to
speak and print his sentiments, so long as he exer
cises the privilege with a due regard for the right of
every man to have only the truth spoken and printed
about him. The Boodler's privilege of levying trib
ute upon corporations may, it is true, be curtailed,
but it cannot be said that this is one of the indus
tries of California which should be protected by law.
Holding up railroads for "advertising" contracts may
be a profitable business for the Boodler. and libel and
slander may be necessary instruments in prosecuting
it. but if the Boodler engages in that species of high
waymanry it must be prepared to take the conse
quences.
The Boodler ought not to be afraid of a jail. Nor
should it be guilty of perpetuating the chicken
hearted farce of telling its readers that putting it in
jail is a "serious matter." There i* nothing serious
about putting the Boodler's crew in jail. A jail is the
proper place for all journalists who commit unjusti
fiable libel.
SOMETHING GREAT FOR CALIFORNIA.
IZI^OR the whole United States this is a year of
j unusual opportunities. A thousand evi
dences of the coming of an unsurpassed pros
perity are to be seen on every side. All over the
Union men of enterprise and business sagacity are
preparing to make full use of the industrial revival.
Affairs more or less great are to be undertaken in
every State. The competition will be keen and
those who are ambitious to win the richest reward
for themselves and tluir communities must be
prompt, vigilant and energetic.
The prospects for California are brighter than
those of any of her titter States. In the wide
sweep of the republic there is no commonwealth
whose opportunities in this year of promise are so
golden as ours. We have every advantage of re
viving industry and increasing trade that other
American communities possess, and in addition
thereto we have the promise of the marvelous traf
fic that is to grow up on this coast out of the com
ing development of the gold fields of Alaska.
Men of light and leading among us have already
set about devising means to seize these opportuni
ties as they arise and profit by every benefit they
afford. Steps have been taken to draw the Alaskan
trade to this city and to hold it. The Golden Jubi
lee will be an enticement to tourists and the min
ing exposition will attract miners of all classes from
those who labor with pick and shovel among the
placers to those who have millions to invest in gold
bearing quartz.
The plans devised for the Jubilee and the expo
sition are of such excellence as to merit the sup
port of all Californians who have the ability and the
public spirit to support anything. The whole com
munity should join in the two movements with the
ardor of a genuine civic patriotism. There should
be no lack of active co-operating work, no lack of
liberal contributions.
This is the time to do something great for Cali
fornia. This is the time to show to the world the
bountiful profusion of her resources, the rich pro
docts of her labor and the industrial skill and energy
of her people. State pride and commercial profit
are alike at stake, and the issue appeals to both the
business and the bosoms of men.
Unless the Governor of Georgia interfere a woman
will shortly be hanged in that State. There will be
a general hope that the executive will exercise his
right of commuting the sentence to imprisonment.
Women are not prone to murder. They do not com
mit one offense of this kind while men are com
mitting a hundred. They do not so notably need a
lesson nor show the lack of restraint. And in so many
respects they do not stand before the law as the equal
of men that the mind revolts against holding them
equal in the matter of punishment.
Mrs. Nack of New York has been sentenced to fif
teen years in the penitentiary. Her offense, it will be
remembered, was that of killing a man and chopping
him into bits easily portable. She certainly has no
reason to complain. Not being old, she may be re
leased while yet vigorous enough to swing an ax.
Young Mr. Fair's bar room fight in New York was
perhaps worth telegraphing across the conti
nent. In other respects it was much like any one of
a dozen "scraps" the observant citizen who stays out
late may have the joy of seeing any night oreven of
participating in it such be his humor.
DR. CHAPMAN'S CRUSADE.
BY MIRIAM MICHELSON.
The members of the Market-street Congregational Church in Oakland are pro
testing against the retirement of Dr. E. S. Chapman, -who has decided to resign his
pastorate and accept the superintendeney of the Anti-Saloon League.
Dr. Chapman is a remarkable man. He has been a lawyer, a politician, a
Mf-thodist, a Presbyterian and is now a Congregationalism He has been in charge
of various churches in Oakland, where he has lived for thirteen years. He is a
most successful minister. He lives in a very pretty, comfortable home in "West
Oakland. His children are grown. He is no longer a young man, yet he is about
to resign the ministry of a church, the people of which are united in their affection
for him, and their desire to refuse to accept his resignation.
"It is simply a question of duty," said Dr. Chapman yesterday, running his
hand through his thick white hair. "A minister is a teacher. His mission is to
educate, to elevate public sentiment. If people find fault with the laws I tell them
to raise their own standard, and the standard of the law-makers must be cor
respondingly raised. And this is work for the minister. When I get through my
work here and go before God he will ask me whac I have done against the liquor
curse of California.
"•Well," I can say, 'I preached against it.'
" 'But before whom? To whom?' he will ask.
"And that I may be able to answer I must leave the church with which my
relations are of the kindliest, the closest. I must leave my home and go out all
over the State and preach against intemperance."
The words were spoken in a low, quiet voice. The doctor's manner is simple
and very earnest. His broad, kindly face is animated, alert. His use of words is
free and not cast in a stereotyped mold. And there can be no question of his
sincerity.
"The Anti-Saloon Alliance is a means for the union of all people who believe in
temperance; not necessarily prohibition, and not excluding prohibitionists. Our one
endeavor will be to do away with the open saloons, of which there is one to every
ninety-nine people in California to-day; thirty-five times the number there is in
Mississippi, which mean? that California men have thirty-five times the appetite
for liquor that Mississippi men have.
"Why? Because they have thirty-five times the opportunity to gratify that
appetite. It is the supply that in time will produce the demand. I'll admit that
the thing is retroactive. But do you remember what Beecher said about books.
'I never knew how many books I wanted, how many I needed, till I entered a
bookstore.'
"People say, 'Why, you can't regulate a thing like that by law; it's a question
of morality.'
"So it is, but so is theft a question of morality, and we make laws against
it. So is the relation between husband and wife a question of morality; yet we have
laws in that connection.
"Understand, I don't hope to do away entirely with drinking. There are laws
against murder, and yet men commit murder. But I do insist that it is an outrage
that Government should legitimatize immorality.
"This is the position of the league to-day. We believe that there is a majority
of the people opposed to saloons. We believe that that majority should rule; not
that the majority should rule in all things. It would be absurd for us, supposing
we're in the majority, to compel the minority to eat a certain kind of food and
abstain from another kind. But, in a matter of this kind, where wrong is done,
where the very best and brightest of our men are enslaved by their own weak
ness, it is the duty of the Government to protect them from themselves. You'll
observe that it isn't the close-fisted, stingy, pin-headed man who needs protection.
He's too mran to be a drunkard. But it's the man you admire, the man whose
generous, warm-blooded, lovable qualities endear him to you, the man of mind
and of heart— he's the drunkard. Now, hasn't a State the right to interfere for this
mans benefit, the very choicest, the most perfect— were it not for this one flaw—
specimen of her sons?
"We believe that we have the right to educate public sentiment up to believing
«• we do, to make converts if we can. And we also hold that we have the right from
time to time to vote upon this matter, and, if the majority declare against the open
fealoon, that it should be abulished.
"This district in which I live voted overwhelmingly against open saloons, yet
there are saloons in this district. They accuse us of wishing to deprive others of
the privilege of living as they choose. They deprive us of our right when they
permit a saloon in this district in opposition to the wishes of all the people who
live in it. If District A, for instance, 'Votes that there shall be saloons, it should
have the privilege of regulating that matter for itself. But so should we. To'u
fee, something has been done in the fight, when on the train going up from New
Orleans to "Washington there are notices to the effect that no liquor may be sold
in passing through North Carolina, South Carolina and Georgia. Every point we
win is one of the enemy's outposts taken.
"Of course, you understand that it doesn't occur to me to try or to wish to pro
hibit a man from drinking. I don't believe that there is a set of cranks in the
world to-day who dream of such a thing. If I wish to drink there is no power on
earth to prevent my doing so. But if I wish to sell liquor there is a power whoso
business it is to forbid my tempting my weaker brethren. Why. in Dayton, Ohio,
where I .lived for a time I have seen a saloon-keeper pour whisky upon the side
walk in front of his place that the hot sun might cause the fumes to evaporate and
tempt the vice-ridden men who passed. What power to resist there is in a man's
heart should be strengthened, not delivered over to the enemy. No. this is our
position. Alcohol should be as subject to laws as is poison or damaged food-stuffs,
I may buy. I may swallow poison. There is no law to punish me. But there is a
law to punish the man who sells me that poison. Why, I may supply my table
with damaged meat that will sicken my family. I could not be punished for that.
But the man who sells such meat is amenable to law
h ft »£?« ?°, not assert that lf a people vote in favor of saloons saloons shall
be abolished. But we do hold that the people should have the right to vote upon
J,n »Mrh"'i, a n tnUt thelrdecis! ™ should be law-for the time; till another elec
tion, which Khali confirm or contradict their verdict
Ri ,'"!)' o "! d . \ he abolishing of saloons work harm' to innocent people? Possibly
rignt. against w hich the open saloon is a gross, flagrant violation
th. - an i S °. S int ° thi3 " Bht with the hope and the desire to free California from
Fortunat^v ?"£* w c!vlHzation "now,. I shall go all over the Stat^
;™;'m,';;." ro"!;,' I ,;'-" 11 "'™'""""' 1 ua» •» «■•■- •• •■> ■»« •<•"£ ™ S
llltiiiiß
AIMS TO GIVE NEWS, NOT FILTH
THE PARSONAGE. COTTOSWOOD, Jan. JO.-Mana*er The Call-
Sir: I cannot refrain from writing a line to you to express my thanks
to you for the object lesson which you gave to the people of California
and tnrough them to the world in your Saturday edition of The Ca u
For some time I have noticed and favorably commented upon the ab
wnce of all vulgar sensationalism in your paper, but I was particularly
pleased on Saturday with the absence of illustrations of the Durrant
execution. -currant
I thank you for thus proving that San Francisco can and does oro
duce a clean, pure paper whose aim seems to be to give news an /nJ
m* |O its customers. Hoping that you wiU receive" the "uppoVt ™ v
deserve, behove me yours faithfully. "WILLIAM D. KIDD
Pastor Congregational Church.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
John Smith, a Petaluma rancher, is at
the Lick.
A. R. Pike, a horseman of St. Louis, is
at the Baldwin.
Nellie McHenry, the actress, arrived at
the Palace yesterday.
L. A. Spitzer, Assessor of Santa Clara
County, is at the Grand.
C. M. McLaughlin, a San Jose capital
ist, is at the Occidental.
E. Waldo Ward, an actor of New
York, is at the California.
I. Hodgeson, a prominent merchant of
Chicago, is at the Palace.
N. R. Neary has come ud from Santa
Cruz, and is at the California.
•• Last night a
« meeting of the
n principal mem
" bers of the Kot-
J zebue Commer-
I cial and Mining
' Company was
held in rooms of
the Grand Hotel. Only about twenty
members were present and nothing wr.3
dene more than to discuss in a general
v a> the plans and hopes of the organiza
tion. The Kotzebue Mining Company is
an organization composed of some of the
leading business men of the State, wh'ch
has for its object mining and trading in
the vicirity of Kotzebue Sound, a ho-iy
of water in Alaska which runs in off the
Arctic Ocean a short distance above the
Herlnp Straits.
A NEW MINING
VENTURE.
The company intends building or buying
itn own vessels and will start for the
north about next April with sufficient sup
plies to last it two years. The capital
stock of the concern is $1,000,000. of which
amount $320,000 has already been sub
scribed. The stock is divided into 10.000
shares of $100 each and will be distributed
among fifty members, to which number
the company will be limited. The officers
of the organization are C. C. Gleaves of
Redding, president; general manager, L.
C. Vrish«w» of Anderson; vice-president,
Z^i&SSSKrVrzS!: - eww -
Gcprse H. George, a capitall^ «? *
tona, ,s at the OcCdentat^Ls^:
«ttßßriafeas«a.
J. L. Koser, the manager of ♦>,« c ,
=r-*=£Wts«s
mln ft 5r1"o?™- c ? VSX nttro " l
Palace. ' s «ayuw at the
5«« fm-"- S2£
Said S. V.
Bevis, a gentle
man who is stop-
Ping at one of our
principal hotels
on his first visit
to the coast: "I
THE
!! PLEASURES
;; of hope.
■ . . J, took a stroll
along the city front last Sunday, and was
much struck with the number of able
bodied men who were engaged in sup
porting lines that were let down into the
water. I will not say they were fishing,
for they simply lowered, the line into the
bay, and then, settling themselves com
fortably against a pile or heap of lumber,
drifted off along the unexplored paths of
speculative thought, which invariably lead
to slumber and oblivion. I accosted one
of these fellows, whose line was let down
through a crack in the wharf barely a
quarter of an inch In width, and asked
him how he expected to get a fi3h up
through so small an aperture. 'Well,'
said he, 'I don't know. You see, in the
five years I've been coming down hire I
have" only had one fish on the end of my
string, and he was a crab. But ti.
a heap of satisfaction in expecting some
thing to bite— just as a fellow dream of
what he would do if he was rich- "
R. P. Schwerin of the Pacifk Mail
Company has gone to New V -.< on a
business trip.
R. Demming, a mining man connected
with the Treadwell mine, is staying at
the Occidental.
Dr. W. E. Mack, who accompanied the
river boat Vallejo to the mouth of the
Yukon, is at the Grand.
C. A. Low, formerly -with E. L. i
Steele & Co. of this city, has returni \
from New York, and is at the Palace.
Miss de Courcey Corbett, a promlm •
Irish society lady, is registered at
Occidental. She is traveling through tfce
United States on a pleasure tour.
F. E. House, general superintendent r
the Pittsburg, Bessemer and Lake Ei ■
Railroad, and wife, accompanied by Mi
H. A. House, are visiting Mrs. A. L.
House of 1411 Hyde street.
Colonel A. E. Leonard, proprietor of tl
Lawrence Daiiy Journal of Lawrer.c •
Kans., also tax commissioner of the
Kansas City, Fort Scott and Memphis
Railway, is in the city, on his way t >
visit a large ranch he owns near Gilroy.
Joseph McGillivray, one of the pioneer
miners of this State, has returned to San
Francisco after an absence of fourteen
years. Mr. McGillivray is at present
operating mines for a London company
in British Columbia.
J. D. Barnes, -who arrived here a few
days ago from the gold fields of the
north, and whose good luck in that por
tion of the globo has already been pub
lished, met with a very pleasant sur
prise yesterday afternoon In the office of
the Palace, where he is stopping. His
brother, J. L. Barnes, and he have beei
separated for nearly fifteen years, an*
though they have spent many thousanx! '
dollars in searching for each other tht-y
were always disappointed in their quest.
Yesterday they at last came together,
and the reunion was a joyful one indeed.
Yesterday Jolly
Miss Nellie Mc-
Henry, who is at
the Palace, got
into a Market
street car in front
of the door of her
A TOUCH
OF NATURE.
************** hotel to go up to
the Baldwin Theater, wearing In tho
bosom of her gown a large bunch of vio
: lets, tied with a purple ribbon. Seated
in the place directly opposite to her was
; a frail little fellow, who could not have
1 been over twelve years old. He was evi
dently a sufferer from some sort of
spinal trouble, as his head and the upper
portion of his body were inclosed in a
frame of steel and leather, and an armed
brace was tightly strapped to one of hi 3
legs. Poverty, too, had set Its hand on
him, as his clothes, though clean, were
old and threadbare, and there were holes
in the fingers of the cheap cotton gloves
worn by his sister, who accompanied him.
The violets worn by Miss McHenry caught
his eyes, and, turning, he whispered
something to His sister, who blushed and
told him to wait a while. He remained
quiet, but continued to gaze at the flow
ers with all the power of his large, sad
eyes. Just before reaching her destina
tion Miss McHenry's attention was at
tracted to the little fellow, and, noticing
his evident admiration of the flowers she
was wsaring, she took them, ribbon and
all, and handing them to him, told him to
wear them for her sake, and got off the
car. After her departure it, somehow,
seemed as if the sun came into the car
from both sides at once.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SILVER DOLLARS — Correspondent.
Milton, Cal. Silver dollars of the United
States are a legal tender to any amount
unless otherwise expressed in, the con
tract.
A CONVICT— F. 11., City. A convij;
out on parole does not by reason of his
being out in that manner regain his civil
rights, consequently he is not entitled to
vote. In order to be restored to his civil
rights a convict must first be pardoned.
HALF-DOLLAR— Coins, San Jose, Cal.
The half-dollar of IS6I you have is one of
the last of that denomination coined in
the United States branch mint in New
Orleans. There is no demand by deal
ers for such. Dealers offer them for S5
cents. Neither is there any demand for
Muximillian dollars of 1867. Such are of
fered at from $1 73 to $2 50.
COPPER CENTS— A., City. Copper
coins of the United States are a legal
tender in any amount not to exceed 25
cents. If you offer five 1-cent pieces In
payment of fare on a streetcar the con
ductor is bound to accept the same. The
tact that a conductor refuses to take
such from you in tender of tare
does not alter the fact that the amount
you tendered was a legal tender, and if
he allowed you to ride free that is a mat
ter he will have to account for to the
company.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.*
Mocha pistache. pineapple cake. PosLarkin
Open Sundays till 2 p. m. Genuine eye
glasses, specs, 13c up. at 33 Fourth st. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
Lady Coventry, who was married in
ISI3, and is the mother of six sons and
three daughters, has a hobby for collect
ing antique and beautiful things, and at
Balfour Place, her handsome Lxmdon
house, there are some of the finest speci
mens of Chippendale in existence. She
also possesses much beautiful old china
and many fine pictures.
Angostura Bitteks are endorsed by all tT?
leading physicians and c lemista for purity and
wholesomfeness. Get the penulne.— Dr. Siejjort"s
1 v
Throat Troubles. To allay the irritation
that induces coughing, use "Brown's Bronchia
Troches." A simple and safe remedy.
During the late Dr. Houghtort's minis
trations at the Little Church Around the
Corner one of his parishioners was ac
cused of forgery. The doctor hastened to
him and received a confession of his
guilt. He advised the man to plead
guilty, which was done, and nearly every
day of his service In prison the rector
visited and comforted him.
NEW TO-DAY.
.The Royal is the highest grade baking ponder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third farther than any other brand.
BAKINGS
POWDER ,
Absolutely Pure I
|^ MM _^*t_BAKlNQ POWPen CO., new VOUK.FOR THE COMING
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Progress Made by the
Music and Literary
Committee.
Gorgeous System of Decorations
Planned for Woodward's
Pavilion.
Contract Let for the- Big Arch Which
Will Span Market Street
Near Powell.
The executive committee of the Cali
fornia Golden Jubilee met yesterday
afternoon in the headquarters and went
through a great deal of business. The
report of the committee on literary and
musical exercises was the most impor
tant and in passing upon it the execu
tive committee made much progress in
the celebration arrangements.
Tlrey L. Ford, for the committee,
Float of the Mechanics' Institute, Which Will Appear in the B % Parade.
submitted suggestions for a programme
•which included the following:
Introduction of and remarks by the
■ ■ day; prayer by t lit- ■ ■ -
lain, Rev. Dr. Willey; music by C
ta's band; California's greeting, bia Ex
yji mes 11. Budd, Governor "f <\il
"Hall California."
by Josi : ■■ ■ Gro, --':i,u by ;i chorus of:
pul school children, aided by !!:•■ ji.t
mony Choral <"!>;!>: s.-i:-; Francisco's wel
[onor James I>. Phelan, Mayor
- n Francisco; song 1 , '"49," by I
the Knickerbocker quar
■ i later: music
: ks by Eliza I>.
Keith, v native
"Now Tramp O'er Moss and Fell" (Bish
op), by the Harmony Choral Club; ora
tion by the Hon. Nilea Searls; "Califor
nia," H.>ntr. words by Mary Lambert, rnu- '
.1 ■■!] H. Pratt; n-marks by He-:].
::i G. Murphy, survive r of ';.•■ Dor
mer party; "The St.-ir Spangled Banner,"
t=ur.p by Mrs. Martin Schultz: song by
Knickerbocker quartet; "America," o)i< ■ i-
iis of public school children, assisted by
the Harmony Cl ■•: "Auld Lang
Harmony Choral Club, assisted by
the audience; benediction by the chap
lain; finale, music by Cassassa's band.
Th» f:xrrr'isr-s will if held in Wood
ward's Pavilion. There will be a con
cert preceding the pro} ■ •ai '1 last- '•
Ing frowi 1 o'clock until 2.
Regarding the decoration '>£ Wood
ward's Pavilion, Mr. Ford said the
committee had contracted with Pratt
£• *'■>. to transform the pavilion into
a classic temple of go.d. The dingy
old pillars will be covered with whit- 1
doth and lonic capitals will bo fash
ioned upon them. The ceiiing will he
of brilliant yellow bunting-, hiding the
rafters and forming a. dome "f gold.
The stage will be beautifully decorated
•with flowera rind f<-rns and waving
palms, find those who take part in the
programme will all be given seats
there. The c">st <-f these decorations
will be J-'To. Mr. Ford asked that the ,
committee be allowed to go to a fur
ther expense of $100 to provide extra
decorations on the stage. The desired
permission was granted, and the com
mlttee was further authorized to ex
pond its appropriation of $ITjOO as It
Bees Ml.
Tt was decided that reserved seats
should ho set aside for the pioneers, the
number to be decided later.
A communication from John Part
rifle^ was receded, asking that the
committee ad<>f,t a Jubilee guide he
Is Issuing as an official guide. The mat
ter was referred to the chairman of the
finance committee.
Tirey L. Ford read the contract for i
the big arch which will span Market
street opposite the Parrott building,
and also the specifications under which
the structure is to be erected. The con
tract was accepted by the executive |
committee and the sub-committee in i
charge of the building of the arch was '
empowered to sign the necessary pa- ;
pers. The arch must be finished be- ;
fore January 24. and it will be allowed
to stand one week. An order allow
ing the contractors a payment of $600
00 January 22 was referred to Mr. Ford
for consideration.
Mr. Coleman, chairman of the finance
committee, reported that while the
work of gathering funds was progress
ing favorably, some of the sub-commit
tees were not doing as well as he ex
pected. He reported $io,2r,i in sight,
which amount Includes the JICOO to be
subscribed by the Supervisors.
He reiterated his statement of last
Thursday that $17,000 be the extreme
limit expended by the committee.
8 K. Thornton of the committee on
publicity and promotion reported that
posters and communications had been
distributed all over the State, and the
Btock of posters was running low. As
to paying for posters ho reported that
the committee from the California Mm
ers' Association had declared that It
would pay but one-third of the ex
penses of printing the first issue of 20.
000. He thought, however, that this
decision might be reconsidered.
.T. H. Grady of the parade commit
tee reported that the music for the pa
rade would cost at least 12600, but thai
so far little had been, done in the way
of hiring the necessary bands. He also
reported that the Board of Education
had advanced the idea of giving a
week's vacation, the time to be (duct
ed from the two weeks' .vacation to
come later in the spring. A letter will
be addressed to the board asking that
such a vacation be granted, to com
mence with the holiday week.
Regarding badges it was suggested
to provide them to each member of the
executive committee, the officers of the
celebration and to representatives of
the press. The committee on colors and
badges was placed in charge of the
matter to report at the next meeting.
It was decided to appoint a reception
committee of ten and the secretary was
ordered to report the action to the .Na
tive Daughter? and suggest that simi
lar action be taken by them. The com
mittee will be appointed within a tew
days.
Mr. Ford reported for the committee
on conference that the Native Sons
would parade in a way to represent
the various epochs of the State's his
tory, commencing with vaqueros .and
Indians and ending with a float typify
ing the present time. it was suggest
ed that th" committee's float represent
ing the missions be made a part of the
Native Sons' allegorical parade. The
matter was referred to the parade com
mittee.
The subscription collectors have in
formed the committee that they are
much annoyed on account of the con
fusion in the public mind in regard to
the connection between the money con
tributed to the jubilee fund and money
paid for advertising in the official jubi
lee souvenir. The true state of the case
is that money contributed in the latter
way does not come at all into the
hands of the Jubilee finance committee.
After the meeting of the executive
committee the parade committee
vened and decided to allow the "Mis
" floal to be paraded with the Na
tlve Sons, as had be< :i suggested.
Tii" Young Mm's Institute has no-ti
fled the jubilee committee that it will
take part in the parade, and has asked
to be assigned to a suitable place in
the line. The membership paraded will
not be large, f,,r a great many of the
members of the Young Men's Institute
are also members of the Native Sons.
and in the Jubilee they will naturally
i/iv" the Native Sons the preference.
The executive committee <if the » ";i li
fornia state Miners' Association met
last evening in X. S. (1. W. Hall for the
purpose of receiving reports from
standing committees and to consider
the invitation of the Golden Jubilee
pi imoters to form a miners' division
in the parade.
A resolution passed by the Commer
cial and Merchants' <iubs <>f ( imaha
was rend. It was accompanied by a re
'.u^st asking that the mineral exhibit
be removed to the exposition at Omaha
following its presentation here in the
Mechanics' Pavilion. It was decided
to deny the request.
An invitation was presented request
ing the Miners' Association to take
part in the parade on January 24, and
after considerable dismission a com
mittee, consisting of <"<iioncl Stone and
Mr. Halloran and Mr. Cow dray, was
appointed by the chair to act in the
matter and make arrangements to
have a good showing of members on
that day.
WILL HONOR THE DAY.
The Jesuits Will Commemorate the
Anniversary of a Feast With
Special Cereroony.
Preparations are being made at St.
Ignatius Church in anticipation of the
Feast of the Sacred Name of Jesus, to I
be observed next Sunday morning in j
the church on Hayes street. Archbishop
Riordan will deliver the sermon and
will also administer the papal blessing
at the conclusion of the mass.
The beautiful gold monstrance do
nated to the church some two years or
more ago will be used at benediction,
which is to be said at the conclusion
of the mass.
Special music will be arranged and
sung by the male choir of sixty voices.
In addition to the organ there will be
instrumental music.
Instead of the ordinary high mass,
solemn high mass will be said, but as
yet, owing to possible engagements
that the different priests might have
for Sunday next, nothing definite can
be said concerning those who will be
chosen to act as celebrant, deacon and
sub-deacon of the ceremony.
The altars and sanctuary will be
decorated with candelabra, ferns and
exotic growths. The high altar will be
adorned with myriads of fairy lamps
and wax candles.
The usual vesper services •will be
held in the evening.
Baseball players are always looking
for a change of base.
JilE SAN FttAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXUARY 11, 1898.
OLD SUIT
ALMOST OVER
Famous Hiller-Ladd Con
test to Be Settled
Here.
Bitter Allegations of Fraud in a
Celebrated Appeal Case
From Oregon.
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
to SettlA the Issues at the
Coming Term.
There will be a decision in the cele
; brated case of Hiller against Ladd at
; the next term of the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals. The final briefs
have been filed with Clerk Monckton
and there is little doubt that the court
will reach a decision which will dispose
of the large sums involved in the is
sii-s of the great Oregon case.
The record of the case consumes five
volumes of nearly 600 closely printed
to each volume, and the issues
have been fought with unabated fury
since I^7l. It Is of unusual interest in
San Francisco and Oregon as well for
the reason that the I,adds were well
known in business circles for a long
number of years.
The great contest now nearlng an
end is a suit in equity for an account
ing, growing out of the fact that J.
W. and W. S. I^add owned nearly 8000
shares of the stock of the Oregon Steam
Navigation Company, and that Mrs.
Hiller, who is one of the parties to the
suit now pending, was the "widow of
J. W. Ladd.
The light grows out of the fact that
Mrs. Hiller alleges that her late hus
band's brother. W. S. I,add, who was
■ >n>- of the executors of her husband's
estate, fraudulently procured a trust in
his favor, under which he took posses
sion of all her property and business;
that he fraudulently, and by means of
threats of expensive litigation, induced
her to sign an agreement by which the
will of J. W. Ladd was construed to
give her but half the ♦•state, including
the community property, instead of
one-half of the residue, excluding such
property.
Throughout the pleadings the allega
tions arc- fif the most serious character.
It is alleged that Ladd fraudulently
omitted from the inventory of his
brothel's estate 7GOO shares of stock in
the Oregon Steam Navigation Com
pany, and that other equally fraudu
lent transactions were indulged In from
time to time.
In all the many allegations and Is
sues at st;ike there arises the old ques
tion of the woman's delay. Accord
ing to all the evidence she knew of her
<-;;iise of action for more than twenty
years, yet did rot act. Judge Bellinger
decided in favor of the Ladd estate on
the ground of the delay and for other
causes which appeared In the record.
The record In the rase has many ref
erences to Bitch well-known matter* as
the historic Jay Cooke failure, in which
the Ladd interests figured to a large
extent. The .'qipellants ara very severe
In their briefs, alleging that the late
W. S. Ladd in no manner hesitated to
"pluck" his brother's widow in court.
The decision of the many issues in
volved In the case will be watched with
great interest. The case was submit
ted at the last term, but the amended
briefs were filed this week.
OHN ALLMAN'S TROUBLES.
Sentenced to Six Months for Petty
Larceny and a Burglary Charge
Entered Against H'")-
John Allman appeared for sentence in
Judge Low's court yesterday on a
charge of stealing $2 25 from the till In
the Railroad saloon. Third and Town
send streets, a week ago. The Judge
sentenced him to six months in the
County Jail.
Matilda Steele. 207 Powell street, im
mediately afterward swore to a comp
laint before Judge Low, charging All
rmn with burglary. Allman is the e!^c-
Irician who had been making- love to
Miss Steele and had broken Into her
room and stolen a sealskin saque and
other articles.- He has a wife in Sau
don, 11. C, and there is a woman in
San Jose who also passes off as his
wife.
Will Deal In Oils.
Articles of incorporation of the Kastern
Oil Company were riled yesterday. The
directors are: "W. A. Bradford, X I,
Phillips, K. D. Thompson, C. F. Hum
phrey and E. L. PhilliDS.
THE AUXILIARY SCHOONER HERCULES Became a Part of
the German Mercantile Marine as Scon as She Was
Launched From Turner's Shipyard at Benicia. She Is In
tended for the German Inter-island Trade and Will Enter Into
Competition With American OwnedVesszls.
WILL FLY THE
GERMAN FLAG
The Auxiliary Schooner
Hercules Is for a Ger
man Firm.
Built in San Francisco to Com
pete With American
Traders.
Two Warships, the Alert and Marietta,
Leave for Central America
This Week.
The auxiliary schooner Hercules,
built at B-nicla by Turner for a Ger
man firm, attracted considerable atten
tion on the water front yesterday. She
Is a handsome craft and will be used
exclusively In the island trade. Her
sails will be depended upon except
when head winds are encountered, then
her machinery will be called into play.
Gasoline is to be used as fuel and with
a fifty-horse power engine it is ex
pected that she will be able to develop
a speed cf at least 9 knots. The Hercu
les is the fir^t vessel to be built in Cali
fornia for a German firm and to at
once receive a German register. As
soon as she was launched the German
Consul issued .papers to her and the
German tin lt was hoisted over the
schooner. "When she leaves here next
month she will fly the German flag and
under it will go a general cargo for
German trader* in the Marquesas. On
h<T arrival in the South Seas the
schooner will be ;it once placed in com
mission and will begin regular monthly
trips among the iplands, collecting cop
ra, pearl shell and vanilla beans fur ex
port to Germany.
The Germans have secured a firm
hold on the trade of the Southern seas,
and. assisted by Knuland and France,
have almost driven American trade to
the wall. Noi ■ < " many years ago San
Francisco was the home port for a
large fleet of Island traders, now the
vessels that char from this port for
Tahiti, the Marquesas, the Carolines
and F.imoa can be counted on the fin
gers of one hand.
Another vessel Is to be placed on the
berth for Copper River. The La Ninfa
is to be again placed in commission and
will leave for < hrca station on Febru
ary 1. If those who go up on her have
no better luck than those who made
the last venture their lines will not be
sown in pleasant places. The W. S.
Phelps, that took up a party several
months ago, has been due back here
for a week past, but as no definite news
was received from her the chances are
that she was not alile to get away as
soon as was expected. On her arrival
It will be known how the miners who
left h»i>> last November in search of
gold on the river's banks have fared.
The sloop -of- war Alert Is to start for
Central America to-day, and the gun
boat Marietta Is expected to get away
for Nicaragua the latter part of the
week. The gunboat is expected down
from Mare Island to-day, and herstores
will be placed aboard at once. On her
arrival in Central American waters she
will bo expected to lend all possible as
sistance to the Nicaragua Canal Com
mission.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
City of Peking, which loft here Decem
ber IS, arrived at Yokohama on the 7th
instant. This Is th.> steamer's one-hun
dredth round trip, but nevertheless she
Is making bettor than the average time.
Bhe was delayed at Honolulu on the
way out.
The Plnta is bring got ready a? the
Mare Island Navy Yard for the San
Diego naval battalion. Her engines
have been taken to piece*, and will be
put in thorough order while the vessel
will be put In perfect order from stem
to Ptern. The Plnta will be a very
handy vessel for the boys in blue at
San Diego, while some think that the
Marion, a 2000-ton ship, will be too
large for the San Francisco division
to handle. The Camanche was taken
to Mare Island on Sunday In four
hours. She was placed alongside the
Marion, and a detail of men was left
at the yard to transfer the battalion's
coal from one vessel to the other.
The river steamers to Vallejo will be
kept busy to-night owing to the Oriffo-
McConnell fight. The Orace Barton
will leave Washington-street wharf at
4. and the Sunol at 6:30, the latter boat
returning to San Francisco after the
fight. The Pinta will run between the
California Powder Works. Selbys. Ro
deo and Crockett. Other boats will car
ry passengers, and it is expected that
San Francisco and Port Costa will send
fully l".0fl men to the fight.
A large Humboldt party, under the
title of the Alaska Mill and Prospect-
Ing Company, leave to-day on the
steamer City of Puebla for the north.
They are going over the passes. About
February 15 another large party Is to
follow, among them being the follow
ing prominent Humboldters: J. Berne,
J. P. Harrig.in, Hen Scott. F. W. For
sythe, Walter Curry. Frank Auger, A.
Camp and Peter Sutter.
Mining Company Incorporates.
The Princess Mining Company, of
which "W. F. Flckersen. D. S. Sherman.
W. A. Turner. B. L> McOlurp and J. J.
Carey are directors, incorporated yester
day with a cnpltal stock of *1.500!000, of
which $250 has been subscribed.
The fee-simile y<J^ _fl4j?_* ?-*" *• on erery wrapper
signature of Qu*//sff&<%iA& of CASTORIA.
NO RULES FOR
POLICE COURTS
Meeting of the Judges
Ends in a Complete
Fizzle.
Judge Conlan Positively Re
fused to Concur in the
Suggestions.
The Points Raised by Chief Lees
Proved a Veritable Stumbling
Block to the Judges.
The well-meant efforts of the police
Judges to formulate a set of rules for
their gruldar.ee have ended in smoke.
Judge Conlan was the first stumbling:
block in the way. He did not attend
the meeting on Saturday afternoon
when the suggestions were made by the
other three Judges and prosecuting at
torneys.
A copy of the suggestions had been
sent to him and yesterday he expressed
his opinion very strongly against them.
"I am perfectly satisfied, " he said
yesterday, "with the existing order of
things. The proposal to take the as
signment of cases out of the hands of
the police department Is, In my opin
ion, unconstitutional. An ordinance of
the Board of Supervisors gives the
Chiof of Police power to depute one
of his offlcors for that duty and to fur
nish a transcript of the cases to each
Judge every morning. This has been
going on very satisfactorily and I see
no reason for changing it.
"The proposition to equally divide the
cases whether the arrests are made by
warrant or not is absurd. The swear
ing to the complaint and the Issuance
of a warrant in a court gives that par
ticular court Jurisdiction, and if the
change were made as suggested it
would not only be illegal, but would in
volve us in a maze of complications and
disputes.
"I am also unalterably opposed to any
proposition to limit the rights of a per
son arrested by refusing to accept
bonds for his release at any time,
whether midnight or not. I shall re
lease a man whenever satisfactory
bonds are submitted to me no matter
what time of night he Is arrested. In
regard to the releasing of a man on his
own recognizance unless the case is in
my own court I shall continue to do
as I have been doing. The old rule is
all right if judges will only take the
trouble to ascertain the class of citi
zens they are dealing with.
"I am agreeable to take my turn at
remaining in chambers until 5 p. m.
I would also agree to the suggestions
regarding the interpreters of the court,
the order of business nnd giving the
prosecuting attorneys alone power to
permit an attorney to assist them in the
prosecution of a case. Outside of these
propositions I think all the others are
wrong."
At 4 o'clock In the afternoon Judges
Campbell. Low nnd Joachimsen. with
their prosecuting attorneys, met In
Judts'e Joachimst/n's chambers to con
sider the suggestions made at the
meeting on Saturday. They had be
come conversant with Judge Conlan's
opinion and it was at once seen that he
had made them ponder. The first sug
gestion taken up was the changing of
the assignment of cases. Judge Camp
bell intimated that he was not to be at
the dictation of Chief Lees or the Po
lice Department as to running his court
and he thought the change should be
adopted. He admitted, however, that
the department could easily work its
own ends by keeping a man arrested for
a felony In the "tanks" until the entry
on the prison register would come In
the regular rotation to the court where
they wanted the case taken.
Judge Low referred to the Hoff case
ns an illustration of how the depart
ment could get a case assigned to a
particular court, which brought forth
a remark from Judge Joachimsen of
"no personalities."
An attempt was made to pass that
particular suggestion until the others
were considered, but Judge Low in
sisted that it should be decided upon
at once.
After some desultory dlsousßion there
was a general feeling that without
Judge Conlan's consent nothing defi
nite could be done, and as he positively
refused to attend any of the meetings
it was decided to adjourn sine die.
Chief Lees, whose opinion was ex
pressed In yesterday's Call, smiled
when he learned of the outcome of the
meeting. He pointed out that he was
by law the executive officer of the Po
lice Courts, and that by an ordinance
of the Board of Supervisors he was au
thorized to detail an officer to assign
the cases to the different courts, which
had always been done equitably and
without bias.
A LUCKY WHEELMAN.
Howard Squires, the CracK Ama-
teur Rider, Finds Rich Clalros
at Johannesburg.
A letter to a prominent cycler here
from a friend In Randsburg states that
Howard Squires, the Acme Club's
crack amateur rider, who has been at
tending the University of California.
and whose home is at Johannesburg,
struck It rich in the mines there on his
recent vacation. He has discovered
several good claims, notably the Cryp
togram Wedge in Shirt-tail Hollow, i<>r
which he has refuseri $10,000. '-»»<«rf»
Fuller Gates, the well-known writer on
cycling topics, is also at Johannesburg
for his health, the dry air being more
beneficial to him he finds than the
moister atmosphere of Los Angeles.
The Golden Gate Cycling Club hag
elected the following officers: Presi- '
dent, George Hale; vice-president, A. :
Blill; secretary, P. Hayes; treasurer, G.
Miller; captain, S. Severance.
At the regular meeting of the Olym
pic Club "Wheelmen to-night the nomi
nating committee will present the fol
lowing list as its selection of officers :
for the ensuing year: President James
\V. Mullen; vice-president, Edwin Goel
ler; secretary, William Corbett; treas- !
urer, G. F. Montealegre: captain, Wil
liam L. Loos; executive committee,
John Elliott, Thomas Meherin, Wil
liam Muekie.
The San Francisco Ro=d Club ball
team defeated the nine of the Encinal
Cyclers of Alameda on the latter's
grounds Sunday, by a score of 14 to 7.
Batteries— Road Club, Horr and J.
Lewis; Encinals, Lenz and Allen.
The California Cycling Club held Its
annual banquet and smoker last night
at the club rooms, Twenty-second and
Folsom streets.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sac
ramento have elected the following: offi
cers: C. M. Goethe, president; J. A.
Woodson, vice-president; J. T. Shoe
han, secretary; A. Clay, treasurer;
Charles Shaw, captain; Scott Ennis.
James E. Little, L. A. Payen and J. A.
McDonald, executive committee. Mr.
Ennis. the retiring president, was pre
sented with a handsome set of books
as a compliment to his efficiency and
popularity.
MARY CASTILLO'S MURDER.
The Preliminary Examination of
George Tauchi Commenced
Before Judge Low.
The preliminary examination of
George Tauchi, the Japanese charged
with the murder of Mary Castillo, at
901 Sacramento street, on December 26,
was commenced before Judge Low yes
terday afternoon. Attorney Archie
Campbell appeared for the defendant.
The witnesses examined were the
same as at the Coroner's inquest, and
th°ir evidence was practically on the
same lines.
The witnesses were Dr. Gallagher,
the autopsy physician; Louis Fau and
his wife, Maria, at whose house the girl
was murdered; Mrs. Lulu Hatfleld, Po
licemen Flynn. Peshon and Clark and
Detectives Gibson and Wren.
This was the case for the prosecution,
and a continuance was granted till to
day, when the defense will state their
case.
A GHOST IN THE
BLYTHE CASE
Answer to the Ejectment Suit
by the Kentucky
Claimants.
Florence Denies That One- Is a Blue
Grass Colonel or That the
Other Is an Arkansan.
The ghost of the Kentucky Blythes
stalked Banquo-like In the United
States Circuit Court yesterday after
noon, and it stalked with a grim air of
determination not to be downed. But
the enemy holding the coveted fort
sniffed scornfully at the warlike
wraith, and even went so far as to as
pert that the ghost was neither a resi
dent nor a citizen of Kentucky, nor of
Arkansas. This was too much for even
a ghost to bear, and it disappeared out
of the windows with a wild shriek.
Two years ago, or to s;;eak more pre
cisely, on December 17, 1895, Henry
Thomas Blythe of Arkansas and John
W. Blythe of Kentucky began a suit
in ejectment In the United States Cir
cuit Court against Florence Blythe |
Hincluey, the premises Involved being !
the Blythe estate. After the usual de
lays incident to the administration of !
the law an amended complaint was
filed, and the matter vas laid to rest
until the courts, both State and Fed
eral, had decided that the property be
longed to Florence as the rightful heir.
What was popularly supposed to be the
cleanup of the litigation was accom
plished about a month ago by Judge
Morrow, but only the court and the
lawyers on both sides knp\v that the
sult'in ejectment was lying in a pigeon- |
hole in the office of the Clerk of the !
I'liit.-d States Circuit Court.
Yesterday the first step toward clean
ing ui> this suit was taken when "W. H. |
H. Hart, on behalf of Mrs. Hinckley,
filed an answer to the amended com- j
plaint. The answer is lengthy and de- !
nles almost everything set forth in the !
complaint by the Blythes from Ken- '
tucky and Arkansas, and even denies j
that ' Thomas is or was a resident or!
citizen of Arkansas, and that John is j
or was a resident of the Blue Grass I
State. It sets forth the fact that all the i
courts that have had anything to do
with the case have declared that Flor
ence is the owner of the estate, and
asks that the plaintiffs be sent out of
court and that they be made to pay the
costs of the suit.
Struck his Father.
Daniel Conley, 411 Harison street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Joachlmsen's
court yesterday for the arrest of his son,
Joseph, who is 24 years of age. on a
charge of battery. Daniel says that his
son is too lazy to work, and when he told
him yesterday morning to go and get
something to do he struck him on the
neck, knocking him down.
Her Arrjbltloo Crushed.
Nora Sullivan, the young girl who ran
away from her home in Oakland to join
a local women's football team, was sent
to the Magdalen Asylum yesterday by
Judge Conlan. Her mother was in court,
and told the Judge that the girl was in
corrigible.
NEW TO-DAY.
H fe '^w'^S B Bfcß P"Mn|
H I Br I W
B■il | I I
DON'T STOP TOBACCO euoUeßiT and rack th»
nerTet. Tak* BACO-C'ußO, th* omly car* whit*
miinc tobacco. Writ* for prooft of caret. 50 : or
lOOboiet; S boxes (gn*r»nW«d rare) %2 50. At
Dragg!>ti, or of as. EI'KEILA CESXICAL AND
MXFQ. CO.. La Cron* Wit -i
MAKE NO MISTAKE
There Is No Reason Why You Should if You
Follow the Advice Given Below.
"Indigestion is the curse of this coun-
try," says a New York medical jour-
nal in a recent editorial. "Both men
;.nd women suffer from this distressing:
complaint and it causes a tremendous
amount of misery."
This is all very true, but there Is no
reason why any man or woman should
suffer from indigestion when there is
a ready means of preventing it. Thou-
sands of people have discovered a sure
cure and some of them have given the
public the benefit of their experience.
Mrs. E. Tarlton, 345 Park avenue,
Cincinnati, says: "I had dyspepsia for
fifteen years and was entirely cured by
taking Duffy's pure malt whiskey. I
had tried almost everything and know
that this whiskey cures where all others
fail."
W. F. Anderson, 617 "W. Indiana
street, Chicago, says: "I used Duffy's
pure malt whiskey for indigestion and
dyspepsia. My stomach is now in bet-
ter condition than it has been for years
past."
These are only two cases selected
from thousands of others, but they are
sufficient to prove that dyspepsia and
indigestion can be always avoided by
the regular use of Duffy's pure malt.
It will not only keep the digestive or-
gans in perfect condition, but give tone
and energy to every part of the body.
Make sure that you get no inferior imi-
tation.
No deception practiced. •
No $100 Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous ■-//-
10 cent trial size.
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other In-
jurious drag. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages. Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heals
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Senses
of Taste aud Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Gives
Relief at once. 60 ct*. at Druggists or by mail,
Trial Size 10 cts. at Druggists or by mail.
VT.V pon-nriK •;« Vrnrron i:.,,,,;. New York
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
fSifWANDtB GOTTLOB ft CSussu»B.«"i«MAf»
"DID YOU LiA.XJCH£ ?»
WELL, ASK ME.
To-night— Second performance hero of the
quaint comedian. WILLIE COLLIER, In the sea-
son's comedy success.
"THE MAN FROM MEXICO 1"
All this and next week. Sundays Included.
Soon— GIRL FROM PARIS."
Isa£iftrr?via cfficaltk
.{RiEOIANDEB GOTTlOßaC'LtssutanMuua
Tel. No. 1731.
To-night and all this week,
NELLIE McHENRY.
In her brilliant production of H. Grattan
Donnelly's comedy, • V;
"A NIGHT IN NEW YORK!"
Next Friday Afternoon— VlLLA WHITNEY
WHITE In song recital.
Next Monday— "COURTED INTO COURT."
! TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
; Mrs. Ernestine Kret.ing, Proprietor* Manager
THIS ErVTEENTITa-.
A SECOND EDITION!
Of Our Holiday Spectacle,
"MOTHER GOOSE!"
B— GRAND BALLETS—
Lots of New Sonus, Dances and Specialties.
NEXT OPERA
"BRIAN BORU !"
A Romantic Irish Opera.
i Popular Prices 25c ar)d 50c
Week Commencing Monday, dan. 10.
From the Folles Bergores, Paris, PAULO A
DIKA, eccentric vocalists. BARNEZ & RUS-
SELL, novelty sketch artists. LA PETITE
LUND, the infant prodigy. PATRICE, sup-
ported by ALF HAMPTON and J. F. WHIT-
BECK. Fnrnum Bros., Kitty Mitchell, Elinors
Sisters. . Rombello and Musical Dale. Posi-
tively last week of the BALLET SPECTACLE.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box seats. COc.
/\i— i W-f\Zw/\i\"""15e,260, 350, 50«
"IT HAS PLEASED MILLIONS."
The New York Madison-square Theater Success,
"ESMERALDA!"
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
Next week, "FORBIDDEN FRUIT."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco .Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Production of Byron's Great Com-
edy Drama,
THE FT-jTJNGKER,
To be presented with the Strongest Cast and
the Best Scenic Effects ever wit-
nessed in thia city.
Great Bank Robbery Scene.
GREAT RAILROAD SCENE WITH LOCO-
TIVE AND TRAIN.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Evening Prices. 10, 25. 50c.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company,
I WEDNESDAY EVENING. Jan. 12. by request,
1 will be repeated -'UNSANO TOKEFF. Friday
> and Sunday Nights. Jan. U and IC, "EZRA, THE
; WANDERING JEW." Box office open dally
I from 10 a. in. to p. m.
CHIQUITA
Cuba's Atom. Smallest Woman on Earth i
19 Undoubtedly the
SENSATION OF THE CITY!
Dally Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening. •-
RAIN. OR SHINE. . f
10c to all, including Vaudeville.
- :•:■' Children sc.
HRFRONI ° ' F ARRELL STREET.
UDLnUIN Near Stockton.
Grand Concert Every Evening- by
CARL MARTENS
And tne
COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
'. CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1597-OS, Begrinninsr . MONDAY,
January 10 to January 22, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES. : - -OH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry Boats leave Pan Francisco at 12 M
and 12:30. 1:00. 1:30. 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M..
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 P. M., and Immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS 7R., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. ■
78
STARTED THE
MEETING WELL
Burns and Waterhouse
Won Half the Races
at Oakland.
Eddie Jones and Col. Wheeler
Gathered in the Stake
Events.
Favorites Earned Brockets enn Three
Occasions — Raveletti Flan Third
at Odds of 100 to I.
■Racine: folk must now Journey over
the bay to Oakland to pop the sport.
The California Jockey Club is now en
joying its pull in th>> v/.'i^hts. and the
card the opting day had a decidedly
strong Burns .<- Waterhouae flavor
about it. Tli" stable's rolt. Eddie Jonep,
captured th<- California Maiden Stake,
worth $700 to the winner. Col. Wheeler
led a good field out In the Gojden Gate
Ptnke, which also netted the winner
5700, Sweel Faverdale took the final
$400 purse on T I nd little M<
pitched the thii ! eveni off with Palo
macita, finishing s-von.l. This is a
pretty good showing for one day, anil if
the streak of luck continues ami the
snow holds off the stable ought to lay
some c< In. Nearly all of the oth
er owners have money to burn and are
pimply racing for the fun of it.
Evidently expecting ■• n exodus of vis
itors from the pumpkin country or
siime other place, twenty-five book
makers cut in and they found business
very slow. People did not play the fa
vorites with much gusto nor did they
nibble at the tempting prices chalked
against outsiders. It was simply an
off day, that was all. Th" first choices
split with th._- outsidi rs by taking three
of the purses.
In the California ?.7ai<]en Stake the
Morello colt, ]•:■: .. • .i ties, had nothjr.g
t" beat, and going to the post a prohib
itive 1 to 6 favorite, galloped in ahead
of the 100 to 1 shot Ravelette, ridden by
Spencer. Bi .■. and Arrow, backed by
all tlv_- wise ones to get the place was
third.
Aft or her stylish win «.f the Phrev
Cup at Ingleside on Saturday, the ma
Jority of bettors considered Fleur ■!
Lis a "moral" for the Golden Gat
Btake at seven furlongs, accepting th
phort price of 6 to 5 about h.-r. ' Th
Burns £• Waterhouse pair, Shast
Water and Colonel Wh.--i.-r openf
fours and <3rift«-.l back to 7 to 1
a lack of support, i»f the other start
ors Dr. Sharp was played the mos
Thorpe on Colonel Wheeler soon pu
all doubts at rest as to the winne
Sending the Colonel out in front h
never allowed the others to get up an
at th^ end -won easily by four length
in 1:27%. Eddie Jones astride Satsum
made a short cut on swinging Into th
stretch, taking the place from Sharp.
Willie Martin with the favorite played
in hard luck, getting cut off on the
back stretch and landing in fourth
place.
Of the original big list of entries in
the first race on the programme, a six
furlong sprint, but nine lined up at the
barrier. Don Fulano ruled a slipht
favorite over Sorrow In the betting,
going to the post 3to 2. Ferguson ex
perienced consid< • •'■ '■ difficulty in dis
patching them, using- the recall flag
on three occasions. Sorrow with her
eighty-five pounds up soo'h headed 7>7 >
J. Tobin, and won with ease from th»
favorite. Howard, alsto 1 shot with
McDonald up, ran Into show.
The five-and-a-half furlong scramble
followed, ending- in an easy win for the
Baldwin entry. San V> nado. The brown
rolt was an even money choice In the
riner. and taking the lead from Blar
neystone in the str--t<-h. experienced no
difficulty in winning by several lengths
February, a 40 to l shot, was third be
hind Blarneystone.
A very poor crowd started in the mile
and n furlong run. Palomacita, ridden
by Meany, ruled a T t" .", choice, but
was in poor demand, and so was Thel
ma. which opened at 13 to 5, receding
to 13 to 3. Marcel went to 50 and was
then played down to 20 to 1. Mamie
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Oakland Track — Sixty-first day
' °t_ the Winter Meeting. Monday. January 10. 1898. Weather
fine. Track hravy.
10.
FII'.ST RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; thren-year-olds and upward; purse. Poa.
Index. Hort.ps. Weight, . St. Urn. ■ :,. __^m.__Str. Fin. | Jockeys. "Op. CL
397 Sorrow 3 85 6 ... 2n 2 1 32~ iHi J. "Woods ....I V ssi
='" Don Fulano. a 110 5 ... 3b 4n 2h 2 2 Thorpe I «-• 3-2
(16.') Howard, a 107 2 ... r, n C 6 6IS 31£ McDonald ...I 15 15
400 Kaiser I.udwlc. 4.. 101 4 ... 4h 3 m Ili 4 4 O'Connor .... 6 H
314 I>. .T. Tobln - 4 9■. 3 ... i** i n 42 5 2 Stevens I 40 60
323 Our Climate. S 107 7 ... 7%< 7 5 71% 7 2 Jenkins"*"!!" jlO 12
888 Our Climate, B. ... c 84 sl% 7a .. M M
28« Mrs. Shade, 4 »4 9 ... 9 9 9 8 5 !a. Glover ... ' M 100
IB Outgo. 6 .........105 1 ; -__ 68 B .V_. 64 9 (Van Kuren .. M CO
Time, l:10' 2 - Winner, B. Schrelbcr's b. f. by Faustus- Belle Broeck. Fair start. Won
easily.. ' ■
.
Mm.
411. s^.'| >Nll liA ' j: i:vt ' a"! a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse.
Index. Horses. Weight St. i^nT \^m. \m. StiT Fin. ! Jockeys. \On. rT
(354) San Venado. 3 104 3
... Blarney Stone, 3. ..104 2
200 February. 4 11l 4
37!> Aluminum. 3 101 9
327 Lucky Star, 4 113 S
300 Castake. 1 101 7
ISO Mahofrany. a 117 >]
1"; Sport McAllister, 6.120 1
S3 I^orena 11. 5 IIS 5
"3 h
2 2»4
4 X
5 h
8 4
6 h
7 h
1 h
9
3 1*
1 1
4 %
6 1
< h
5 12
7 h
2 h
9
2 2H
1 H
4 »4
3 n
6 n
8 4
5 114
9
1 6 Thorpe
2 8 o"Connor ....
BVt Spencer
4 1 J. Woods ....
B \ K. Jones
6 8 Gray
7 1U I McDonald ...
8 12 (Shaw
I Van Kuren ..
1
7-2
20
12
I
20
60
6
1
r>
40
20
10
I
100
I
Tlmo. VM.
Won easily.
AVlnnpr. E. J. Baldwin's br. c. by Imp. Duncombe Lizzie P. Good start.
412.
I- ■■:■ \ i
T w-.nl- V w~- 'J • ' n " ani "" elphth mlles : «ellins; marr-s four yoars old and up-
Welght.lStT Km. £rrT Mr. FTn77~To7ke^s: fon — rvT
327 Widow Jones. 4.... Ssj 3
836 ralomaclta, 5 SO, 5
31C Thf-lma. a 90 2
178 Mamie Scott, 8 98 1
400 Marcel, a 95 4
•4 m.
4 h
1 ns
2 »i
32
r
_
4 1
2 h
3 2
1 ns
5
%m
2 h
I IK
4 1
1 h
6
Str.
1 %
2 n
4 «i
I M
5
rot Fin; » l ag Jockeys. 7a:
1 1% lO'Connor ....
2 2 Ifeany
I h Gray
4 2 Stevens
_T> (Holmes
10 10
7-.', T-5
g-t IJ-5
4 13-5
Wnn^n'sly'' 1^ W1 " ner> D - J - Tobln ' 8 >>• "»• b»' >mP- St. Andrew-Hattie Ball. Good start.
413.
TOURTH RACB-^Sl* furlongs; three-year-olds; the California
value. Jl'«»i.
tttUen
ptakps;
(385) Eddie Jones 1221 2
... Ravalette 117! 3
' 303 How find Arrow 108 5
320 Flandes 112 4
(353) Catawba 126 j l
...
:::
2 h 2 1.
1% 1 m
3 Tl3 I 3 118
5 5
4 n 4 I<4 -
! 2
1 ii
3 h
5
;' ■ 4 *4
1 3
2 n
3 h
4 8
5
n.
.nK-neys.
Thorpe
ISpencer
Qray
18. .lonpp
W. Martin..:.
' E0
12
10
s
100
H
20
12
Won'££n 1:16% ' Wllllier ' liurrl3 & Wa ' e '-house-s b. c. by Morello-Karly Ilose. Good Mart"
414.
FIFTH KACK-Seven furlongs; all ages; the Golden Gate stakes ; value. $10007
■: - ■
:. I!
201 Col. Wheeler, 4 107 1 1»i • 11 1 J4TI 14.14 Tborna 4 1
340 Satsuma. C 117 ; 6 .'. h C n E % 52- 26 ! Jones Jo?
(374) Dr. .Sharp. 3... 9915 4 1 3 2 2 214 23^ 32% -J .Connor i L?
(.OS) Fleur De Us. 4....109 t 3>4 4% 4 4 4 2?i 4? i W Martin '" C X "?
3fi7 St. Cataline. 3 99 3 2n 2h ll* 3n r. n Gray ! « i
583 Shasta Water. 1.. ..1091 2 6 6 8 c 6 lO'Donneii"::: • •
•Coupled with Col. Wheeler. '■ ' ~ ~~ — ■
Time 1:27%. Winner, Hums & Waterhouse's eh. h. by Imp. MMlothlan-Agnes. Good
415.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
Index. Howes. . Weight. ■•
535 Sweet Faverdale, s.l'iSi S
(402) Harry Thoburn, 4.. 104 2 •
(S3B) Perseus, 5 107 3
361 Polish. 4 107 1
MM) Bernardlllo, 4 106 a
332 Serena, G LOS ! 5
349 Allahabad, a. 107| i
402 Hazard. 5 1 071 7
t. !
V4ni-
7 11
2 2
4 2V6
3 n
; a
r, i
5 li
*
_Hnv_
5 fa .
\-r
I h
2 1
G',4
?n
7 n
'
4 h
• 1 2
3 «i
5 4
! 2 1
I 11
7 ZH
g
Str.
4 2>4
1 114
1 4
B 2
2 n
6 h
7 1
S
Fin. I Jockeys.
1 n Thorpe
2 h Spencer ....
3 4 i Holmes ......
4 h O. Wilson
r. 2 18. Jones
*". »i Gray
7 4 Hi Donald ...
5 <)■[.,, mi, -;i ...
4-5 4-5
12 15
7 12
13 . IS
4 9-2
* « 7
60 100
30 m
Time. 1:44',«. Winner, Hums A Wat-rhouse's b. m. by Faverdale-imp.
Good start. Won first three driving.
Sweet Home.
Scott commanded considerable pup
port at fours. Palomacita pot a weak
ride at Meany's hands and at th.' wire
waa beaten out cleverly by Widow
Jon>-s with O'Connor In the saddle. The
winner was a 15 to 1 chance.
Had she imt been pounds the beat of
the company in the final event and been
piloted by a leaa persevering rider, the
4 to 5 favorite. Sweet Paverdale would
■ ■ ■ ■• have taken the purse. St-nt away
last, it took some very persuasive urg
ing on Thorpe's part to *ret through the
bunch and finally overtaking the rank
outsider, Harry Thoburn, won by a
head. Peraeua came with a rush the
1 last few yards and was downed but a
| head for the place.
Track Itcnjs.
Sorrow, winner of the first race, was boosted
$400 over her entered Belling price of $"'""> by
Abe St. 'ln; a $5 bid from the stable retaining
the filly. Abe Is a trifle sore over the running
of Schiller by Hartley Schreiber. He says that
on Friday last at Ingleslde Schiller, running
In bar plates, was beaten by a plater like old
Collins when a hot favorite In the betting. The
next day he started In the Shr.eve Cup without
bar plates, anil was beaten only a narrow mar-
Kin by Fleur de Ms and Imp. Tripping. This
Is what started the rumpus.
The track was cuppy, which had much to do
with tangling up form players. Next the rail
It was very muddy and the boys gave' this
portion of the course a wide margin.
G. Waihaum laid prices under the name of
the Nonpareil Club, find A. .1. 1,.» v • booked not
many doors away with the lielmont Club us his
headlight.
Following are to-dny's entries:
First Race— Six furlong; maiden three-year- I
olds.
197 Forest Guard.. .lo9] 362 Roulette Wheel. lo7 |
l':: lie Happy 117 M 6 Hramb'Mla 117
825 Rose Maid 107 i 360 T. MeHuch 122
346 Mistleton 112 i 3^2 Henry C 12.'
The Dipper . 122 s 386 Mainbar 122 1
Second Race — Six furlongs; Belling; three
year-olds.
114 On Gun Ntta....lll| 32« F.I Moro 116
366 Glenower in;. | 409 Mtisruladn 10."
3 4 Miss Alice 11l 322 Xorlnga 105
■■•• Dr. Marks 113 199 Colonial Dame. .lll
143 Lee Kylo (for.. I 327 Rosa 10*5
Kyiee) in! XX Little T G in
(342)Ma'ster Marlner.Jlii 34.'. Al Koran IK
... San Durango it)"., 4*4 Formella 103
837 Magnus 113 387 Ablna 103
.. Jim I'.rownell .10* 197 Eroica 103
Third Race— mile; four-year-olds and up
ward. •
... Gallant 121 331 Paul Grlggs ....109
(395) Double Quick... 124 \ 276 Don Daniel ....:■•■,
.408 Rubicon 114 i 410 Ougto l'J6
(' ] N>ws»ra,therer ..116!
Fourth Race — Six furlongs; Miles and mares;
three-year-olds and upward.
264 ' Agnes Tobin .. 81 | 411 February 96
.•!:>•• Hardly 81 !i3S7)Mldllght 101
"03 May W ...101 (403)Morlnel Xi
(393) Tea Rose 111... 99 1 405 Peril W
Fifth Race— furlongs: four-year-olds
and up: selling.
396 Argentina mM S^S Nonchalance ...101
402 Hermanlta .. lf»2 3."2 Karl Cochran ..101
(3So)Chappie ;<• 390 Charley Relf 101
378 M adow Lark.. .lol 868 Alvero 101
534 OrlC II 1"4 1 3>S Mulberry .. 104
(37v)F-u<hlon Plate ..9t . 373 Florlxnel S)6
(318) Sly 9«JI
Sixth Race— and one-sixteenth miles;
four- year-olds and upward; Belling.
396 Cromwell 10T.i(39») Song and DancelO6
406 Personae MS 415 Bernardlllo 110
32^ Sir Dllke NT. 4'JC Collins 100
401 Alma S3i
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Mletleton, Roulette Wheel, The
s- md Race — Colonial Dame, Jim Brownell,
A! Koran
Third Race— Newsp;atlierer, Rubicon, I'aul
Fourth race— Tea K.>se. May \v, Mldllght.
Fifth Race— Oaric It, ArKenttna, Hermanita.
Sixth Race— Sir I Mike. Bernardino, Collins.
DIRECTORS RE-ELECTED.
Annual Meeting of trje People's
Moroe Savings Bank..
The annual me^tiner of the stockhold
ers of the People's Home Savings Bank
■.as ''I'-M at th** office of th- corporation
yesterday, with a full representation of
the outstanding shares.
The board of directors for the elns
inp year was re-elected as follows:
George F. Davidson, I. J. Truman.
George Stone, S. K. Thornton, "\V. P.
Taylor and \V. 11. Phelps, each receiv
ing ."..".71 votes, while 372 Bhares were
voted for J. Palzell Brown.
The report for the year Just closed
showed <»n hand and in banks on the
Ist of January a balanco uf $41.317 14,
with total receipts <>f $66,275 "<*,, makiner
prand total of receipts $107,590 50. The
t"Tal disbursements for 1897 were ?7f>.
2?,T Ofi, with balance «m hand and In
banks on December Jl, $32.35344.
Tho total resources and liabilities are
reported at. $].4ft7.71. r . 49. the liabilities
Including the item of $1,258,491 83 due
depositors.
MANY WILL MISS HIM
Deatt) of Herbert E. Bruce After
a Brief illness.
Many wiH learn with deep regret of
the death of Herbert Eugpne F.ruce.
whn was a few years apo a prominent
business man in this city. He w;is a
native of New England, and came to
California about twenty-seven years
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAWARY 11, 1808.
ago. During his residence hero he was
honored ami respected by all who knew
liini as a man of high moral character
with that honest, straightforward
truthfulness which is seldom seen but
always admired.
For some months he has been living
with his sister. Mrs. It K. r.unn of
Healdsburg, and on November I he sur
cumbed to an attack of peritonitis after
a few hours' intense suffering. He
leavea a wife and two children.
WILL REMAIN IN TOWN.
pather Michellena Will Proloog
His. Stay at the French
Church.
Father Mlchellena. a Spanish priest
from th*» City of Mexico, Is stopping
at the French Church in this city.
Father Michellena arrived in town a
week apo and anticipates saying here
for another week.
Sunday morning, at the request of
the pastor of the Spanish church, Fath
er Bflchellena preached the sermon at
hi^h mass, taking as his text the an
niversary of tho Epiphany.
Th.- Rev. T.. Duboia will call a special
meeting of the altar boys of the French
Church next Sunday morninp for the
purpose of organizing a sanctuary so
ciety.
This step is considered necessary for
WILL MEET TO-NIGHT AT VALLEJO.
YOUNG GRIFbO, the /*.usaaa^n i-ightweight Champion.
"Ynunp" Griff.), the phpnnmen.il brrx
er, who has surprised the sporting
world by his cleverness, will be seen
for the first time on th» Padflc Coast
In a contest which virtually means a
finish fight, at Vallejo this evt-ninp.
• ".riffn was matched t>> tieht George
"Kid" Lavigne In this <ity. but as
"Young" Mitchell, the director u>m-ral
of the Occidental Athletic <".üb. was
refused a permit by the Health and i'><
lice Committee of the Board of Super
visors, Lavigne and his brother left
f'>r Saginaw, Midi., th' ir home, arriv
ing in season t>> enjoy the Christmas
festivities with friends ami relatives.
Mitchell had almost despaired <>f find
ing among the local army <>f "manly
artists" a ni.'in who was thought com
petent to meet thr» great Australian
i rr, but when Alexander Hrcppains.
the boxing instructor of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club, introduced Frank
McConnell and stated his ■willingness
to back his protege against the Aus
tralian. Mitchell regained hope, and
especially was he jubilant when the
Vallejo ClUb offered good inducements
f »r a fifteen-round contest between the
men of science and muscle.
The match was duly consummated.
and the pugilists have been training
hard for th>- past three weeks at th>>ir
r ispective training stations.
The Bteamer Sunol will leave Wash
ington-street wharf at 6:"0 sharp
this evening, and as the demand f<>r
tickets has been very brisk it is thmieht
that a number of sports who will de
lay tho purchase of tickets until the
last hour will be left behind, as the
stpampr will not carry more than its
due complement of passengers.
The run to Vallejo will nut take more
than two hrrurs. The contest will take
the reason that of late the hoys have
been very Irregular in their attendance
and never seem to know when they are
to assist at mass.
The society, when formed, v.ill elect
a president In whose hands will be
placed the duty of fixing the date at
which each boy is supposed to be in
the sacristy and the duties he will be
called upon to perform ;it mass.
The second ha'f of th yearly Sunday
school term was begun last Saturday
ltKirninc and about fifty buys were in
attendance.
Sunday-school at the French school
could be more properly called Saturday
school, as the classes in catechism and
Bible history are held on Saturday in
stead of on Sunday morning. This ar
rangement gives the young people no
excuse for being absent from class, and
In also a convenience to the priests <>f
1 the church, as it allows them more time
for their duties in the church on Sun
i day morning.
WILLS FILED FOR PROBATE.
Handsome Properties in This Sta
and Oregon Awaiting Distri
bution Among the Heirs.
The wills of Opden Clay Hewitt, who
died on the Ist lnst., and of Peter
French, who died in the State of Ore
gon on Christmas day last, have been
filed for probate. The Hewitt prop
erty, consisting of $r.2f>o worth of per
sonal property and a claim for J.'.000 on
thr- Mutual 1-ife Insurance Company,
is bequeathed to the Union Trust Com
pany in trust for the son, James Fred
erick Hewitt. The property will be
pivon to him when he reaches th« ape
<.f :;o. }!«• is at present 22 years of age.
Should he die before then unmarried
the property will ro to brothers and
sisfrs who are living out of the State.
M<>st of th<> estate left by French is
situated in Oropm, but property in Cal
ifornia amounting to about ?4>">.000 in
bank deposits and stock in the French-
C.lenn livestock Company, as well as
real estate in San Jose, is left, accord
ing to the wording of the will, to the
relatives. The testator bequeaths to
his aunts. Margaret V. Hurt. Jennie
Hurt ami Mrs. J. K. Hooter, the house
and l"t at present occupied by tht-Tii in
San Jose. The rest of the property
will be turned into cash and distrib
uted as follows: One-quarter to the
three aunts, Mary A., Green and Burt
French, th«> remaining three-quarters
t<> go to thf testator's son, Harold G.
French, a Red 14 years.
The success of ;i nurso K jrl depends
upon her attention to little things.
CHARTER MEN
ELECT BRITTON
He Defeats Ex-Mayor
Ellert for the Chair
manship.
J. Richard Freud Will Serve
as Secretory of the Con
vention.
An Adjournment Token After Perma
nent Organization Had Been
Perfected.
The Board of Freeholders met last
night and after electing permanent
officers adjourned to meet again to
morow night in the Mills building.
FRANKLIN McCONNELL.
place Immediately upon the arrival of
the pleasure -hunters. There will not
be the least delay. When the battle
is over passenp'-rs must repair in
stantly to the st<amer. as the captain
lias agreed to return "all on board" in
time to catch a street car. and that
means not later than 1 o'clock in the
morning.
The members were called to order
by J. Richard Freud, who served as
secretary of the Charter Committee
of One Hundred.
EL It. Taylor th^n moved that the
convention proceed to elect v chair
man.
As there was no opposition to that
mode of procedure Freud declared
that nominations for presiding officer
srere in order.
"I don't see any need of making
Joseph Eritton, Chairman of the
Eoard of Freeholders.
nominations," said E. R. Taylor. "Let
every member write the name of his
choice on a slip of paper."
Tho BUggestiofl was adopted, and
the first bailot resulted in the election
r>f Joseph Pritton, who was Mayor
I'helan's choice for the place. The
vote stood: Britton 8, ex-Mayor
L. R. Ellert 6 and E. R. Taylor 1. On
motion of Eilert tho election of Brit
ton wan made unanimous.
IJritton has twice before presided
over Freeholders' conventions that
have framed charters afterward vot
ed down by the people.
On motion of E. v. Taylor the con
vention then proceeded in the same
manner to elect a secretary by secret
ballot. J. Richard Freud was chosen
on the first ballot. The vote stood:
Freud 11, P. J. Healy 3 and Wallace
Thompson 1.
Miss C. Stockton was unanimously
elected stenographer on motion of L.
R. Ellert.
After a short debate It was decided
that th^ ofQcefl occupied by the Citi
zens' Charter Committee of 100 were
too small for holding the regular
meetings of the Freeholders' Conven
tion and I. Outto and Joseph O'Con
nor were appointed by Chairman
Hritton to secure more commodious
quarters.
I. H. McCarthy thought It advisa
ble to fix the compensation of the sec
retary and stenographer, but the
Oth< r members wore of the opinion
that inasmuch as their pay would not
be provided for until the next tax
levy is made there was ample time to
consider that matter.
On motion of A. W. Thompson the
secretary was instructed to have 100
copies of the charter framed by the
Citizens' Committee printed for the
use of the Freeholders. The citizens'
charter will only be considered as an
advisory document, as several of the
members said that it contained pro
visions that would never meet with
their approval.
L. R. Ellert said It contained many
frivolous and impracticable ideas,
while 11. X. Clement stated that he
believed the Freeholders should act
free and untrammeled by the work of
the Citizens' Committee.
After an uninteresting discussion as
to the number <>f sub-committee
which should be appointed it was de
cided to leave the number and ap
pointment of the committees In the
hands of the chairman, who promised
to have his report ready to-morrow
nitrht.
WAR CIRCLE MOVEMENTS.
Many Transfers of Government
Troops— The Concord hjas
Sailed for China.
All seems to be bustle and rustle
among United States troops and war
vessels, but no importance is attached
t<> it as th<» movements tnk- place about
once a year. The United States ship
Concord, which was at Mare Island,
has sailed tor China but will, accord
ing to government orders, be stationed
at Yokahama, Japan, for months to
come.
The T'nitod States cutter Alert ar
rived in this port last Saturday after
noon, but will leave this morning about
x o'clock f"i- t ■.•rural America for the
purpose of surveying the Nicaragua
canal under government orders. After
the undertaking has been completed the
Alert will return to this port for re
pairs ami a general overhaulimr.
At the Presidio, Anp^l Island and Al
catraz Island, preparations are beinp
made for removal or transfer of troops
on the 12th of this month for the pur
pose of giving the inexperienced bat-
l'.tttinp is lively on the mHI, and thp
fri.-iids of McConnell in this city are
placing several wagers that the local
pugilist will whip the Australian. Mc-
Connell will have, in weight, the ad
vantage of Griffo by about ten pounds.
}Ir is a clever and aggressive fighter,
ai I !-h.>i:M give a good account of him
self. The Vallejo people will K<?t a good
run for thi-ir money.
teries a i-hance to bof-ome acquainted
with the new guns at the Presidio.
Flattery H. Captain James O'Hara
will be transferred fmm Angel Island
to the Presidio. Battery L, Captain
Hess, will leave Alcatraa Island for
Angel Island, but will eventually be
Btatloned at Lime Point Battery A
will be removed from Alcatrat t<> the
Presidio and two batteries from the.
Presidio will be transferred, ono to Al
catrai and one to iLngel Island.
Divorce Suits F"cd.
Ella Wilklns has commenced suit for
divorce against her husband, Charles F.
Wllkins. on the ground of desertion.
Emma K. Qracoounl has applied for a
divorce from Charles QracomlnL As a
NEW TO-DAY.
DR.SOPER
GUARANTEES TO CURE EVERY
CASE HE ACCEPTS BY HIS
NEW SYSTEM FOR THE PRICE
NAMED BELOW, INCLUDING
ALL MEDICINES. IF INCUR-
ABLE YOU WILL BE TOLD SO.
Catarrh 520 on ' Piles $20 00 ' Kidney Diseases S2O 00
Rheumatism 20 00 | Paralysis CO 00 Sciatica 20 00
Neuralgia 20 00 | Pkin Diseases 20 00 Nervous Debility 20 00
Cancer 100 00 Diabetes 25 00 | Syphilis 3000
Fistula .30 00 Ulcers (chronic) 40 00 1 Varioocele 20 00
Asthma .. 25 OQ Bladder Diseases 20 00 Stricture 30 00
Gravel 20 00 Bronchitis 20 00 Rupture ! 40 00
Consumption, Ist stage 30 00 Epilepsy or Fits 30 00 Loss of Manh00d...... 20 00
Tape Worm 30.00 Diseases of Liver 20 00 Gonorrhoea 10 00
Dropsy 30 00 1 Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 Oleet '.' 1500
Dyspepsia 15 60 1 Bait Rheum 25 00 Prostatic Diseases ! 20 00
Deafness 3* 00 i Brighfs Disease 40 00 , Tumors $50 00 to 400 00
No matter what your DlKeaso or Affliction __
may be. nor of how lonjr standing, secure tho _,_ - x^-—-~~^l——-~—^~—*z^——~"*
opinion of tben KMINENT CANADIAN ~~^^^> ~ _f^- -CT^\__--^
PHYSICIANS, Mlt COSTS YOU NOTH- *^y^ss^v — " — -'
THK \EtTItAI.I7.I\(i SYSTEM OF ■^^^^^"'^••Hir^^'^t^^**-
KAT.M KM Is a boon to sufferlns humanity HB'&ri' Jr'^^^'Sb*-
an it does away with the takinjr of poisonous *bT'"3il ; ' lulll Sifter ? 2r "-^
mineral tiles. Asides, tin- reasonableness UlS^Sr^rfj^fliiiS 5 3 T^IH?-* ■>'
of the charjrea •■nables the pour as well as tbe JSfltfr^ -ij^ii"^ *S^y^Jjti*{- «J'
MEN who an.- Nervous. Despondent, Diseased if* 2*- Ufi 3 13* •?IW'*bk^ : "'
and Weak from early Indiscretion and excess ■?i|S-'-_'»JKJEJL» ■"-■•■. Hi Cl 'I 35|
In llf-- readily reHinriil by shit New Svntem. «i3L22li< -^^L^i^-^Tir^flLJ^ ZJ 3 3 * i I .
OF IVOMKN treated by an en- "aMWßltiif SHS' J??rT "3** — **^-3sZZ
tlrely new and painless method. Those unabie aiSB S IISS *»J3 ' ■'■ lh-_ I
; to call wmi history of case with two-cent stamp l£Nl 133 ;KB * hL : - : "-'- IIIISSSI
and receive opinion fr<-»-. Correspondence con- i^fflli ™ ™ li m 'vjr~==- fe,|lBfi|ll:
tidentia'.. Consultation, Examination and Advice ** — »^*»--*^" '' ,'.' >J r*7** : MirDlwi'H j»-'E?-
Free. Hours 111 to 12 A. M., .' to 5 and 7 to 3 "— "-- - ;^i?*-^i^^f^» trS^i^t. 3J32j^^&-«ill|__
j I", si.; Sundays. Wto 12 A.M. "' ' ~ r^ - "^r^-^r^
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Tavlop Street. Cor Post
"^ a J MKfl V ' Vl wvl > SAN FRANCISCO, CAU
cause of action she alleges desertion.
Mrs. M. C Goodrich, whom husband,
Albert C. Goodrich, was convicted of
"sweating" coins in the United States
Court a short time ago. has commenced
suit for a divorce. As a cause ot action
sbe sets up that nor husband has been
convicted of a fHony. Anna Minaker has
applied for a divorce from her husband,
William Minaker. She alleges intidelity
on the part of the defendant. Mrs. C.
S. Goodwin has applit-d for a divorce
from Thaddeus Goodwin on the ground of
desertion.
THE MONDAY
NIGHT DANCE.
Second Meeting of the
Fashionable Class
Last Evening.
Th* second moetinp of the Monday
Xipht Club was held at Golden Gate
Hall last evening. Nearly three hun
dred dancers were on the floor, and the
affair was in .ill respects a most de
lightful and enjoyable one.
As usual. n<' elaborate attempts w#T?
made at decorations. Ferns, sent by
friends of the <lub from Calistoga, were
greatly admired and were utilized
with potted palms and brakes to make
the hall beautiful.
Invitations for the dance were issued
by the following lady patronesses of
the club: Mesdames William Gwin Jr.,
George Pope. Osgood Hooker, Win
throp E. Lester, Taylor, Carolan. Smed
berg, Sidney Smith. Southard Hoffman.
T. ( \ Van Ness, Thomas lireeze and
Paul Jarboe.
The guests began to arrive at 9
o'clock and dancing was at once inau
gurated. At midnight an elaborate
supper was served.
The tv xt meeting of the Monday
Xieht Club will be hold on St. Valen
tine's day, February 14.
"ONLY A FEW
OF US LEFT."
The Annual Reunion of the
Members of the Exempt
Fife Company.
The Old Boyg Who Fought Fires in
the Pa^t Banquet Their Newly
Elected Officers.
"Thpre's only a few of us left" vren
the words that headed the invitation is
sued oy the members <>f the Exempt
Company of the San Francisco Fire De
partment to the annual reunion follow
ing the induction into office of the offi
cers elected for the current year, which
event was held last night in "the old
engine house on the hill." The com
pany has dwindled down from more
than 800 to 02, and nearly all of these,
with a number o-f invited guests, were
present.
Ann. up these were ex- Judge Robert
Ferral, Supervisors Hritt ami Hasklns,
Auditor Broderick, Sheriff Whelan, T.
K. cnrcw ot the Board of Education,
County Recorder Glynn, Captain A. J.
Dunlt-vy, "Uncle" Oeorße T. Bromley,
Harry D. Hudson, jutst president of the
Exempts; 1). Boyle, H. Bowdlen, John
H. Qrady, W. B. Benoist, W. J. Smith,
\V. S. and J. P. Turner. Public Admin
istrator Freese, J. Hansel, Walter Gal
lagher, George J. Hobe, K. Cummins
and son. Fire Commissioner Marshall,
William G. Badger, George I?. Hess,
John Barton, A. t\ Ptetolesi, S. Cool,
James Riley, J. B. Haskell, Richard
f'averly of Vallejo. J. J. Crowley and
11. W. Martland and L. Hanman, repre
senting Sequoia Parlor of the Native
Sons. At the places erf honor sat Pres
ident Rohen, Vice-President Jessup,
Secretary Guilfoyle and other ofßcers.
At the head of the hall there was :\
beautiful floral horseshoe, sent with the
best wishes of Mrs. A. J. Jt-ssup.
After tho dlppositi'-n of a very fine
banquet, prepared unrler the direction
of HcnrV A. Chase. (\ B. McFarland
and Jamep O*Donnell, there was an on
tertainment that lasted until after mid
nitrht. and it included songs by K. X*>l
son. stories by Sheriff Wheian, ad
dresses by George T. Bromley, ex-
Judtje Ferral, Sui>er\isor Brltt and
HaskinS) the nu>mhers of the Board of
1-M>ii ation. Auditor Broderiek. Public
Administrator Fr^ese and others, and
the <Mnpins of "Runninp with the old
Masheen." by Gus Pohlman, State As
semblyman.
The address of Mr. Ferral was a
most eloquent one, and was received
with very loud marks of approval. In
the course of his remarks he referred
t<> the work of the old firemen, and
drew attention to a fact not generally
kn<-wn that the members of the vol
unteer department contributed $21,000
toward the payment of the engine
houses now owned by the city.
prustucK Bigamy Case.
Tho preliminary examination of Mrs.
Mary Frustuck-Kissland on a charge of
bigamy was again called in Judge Joach-
Imsen'S court yesterday. Policeman
Dodge testified to arresting the defendant
at 502 Shot well street, which closed the
case for the prosecution. A continuance
was granted till to-morrow to enable the
defendant's attorney to apply for a writ
of habeas corpus in the Superior Court;
to test the legality of the complaint and
the admission of Frustuck's testimony
against her.
There is always room for one more
oyster in tho soup.
NEW TO-DAY^
I PhiiadelpMa
I Sloe CO. Ho. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MfiAT
SEND FOR OUR NEW
ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE.
■ft '^3Q|gSS fkAtWrtlQi Till! I"*P J I '
1 Extra Bargains ! I
| Extra Bargains !
1 Special Offerings!!
0 Beginning to-day we will offer special { S
W inducements to our customers until sv
0 we take stock in February. Every <£/
0 stora accumulates a certain amount of W
0 broken lines and sizes, and we have 0
0 resolved to dispose of these odd sizes 0
fj\ during; this sale. So we wish to im- 0
% press on the minds of our customers fa
>< that the shoes which we will adver- fa
JSJ tise as broken sizes are really odd >4
0 lots, and our country customers in \J
0 jiarticular shall ntit feel offended if <£)
(i) we cannot fill their orders for these (•)
0 specially advertised shoes. when we 0
(£) ■ have all sizes we will state tlw\ fact. 0
Special Sale— Ladies' Silk Embroidered fa
i' Vesting Top Lace Shoes, rlnest Vicl ><
'!) Kid Vamps, new coin toes and tips, -V
0 pliable soles, all sizes, all widths. (V
0 Sold during this sale for $2 35; regular 0
(•) price $3 GO 0
| 25c. 1
$ Infants' Vicl Kid I "</ «
0 Button Shoes, clr- f"V I ><
0 cular vamps and . I "*) I '■$
0 heel foxing, kid Mi ' «{ 3 £)
0 tips, pliable V^T' 1 (•)
0 Poles, all pize^. 1 . s^.l~' 1d)
fa to 6, reduced from _^*Cr^ J (»)
® •)
I Have You Small Feet ? I
1 Have You Small Feet ? 1
© @
© 4Oc.
fa IK M Ladies* kid Oxford 0
fa ■ Jt^T 1 * -^ Ties, odd elaos, fa
.>< . ya»*' ''■ "\ assorted kinds, fa
Ji( 4f a plala toes and -,
■•*) ■ mf - ■ itvr tips, broad or pi
<V ~~~^^~~Z?* mm v" pointed toe^. ><
0 •" — i i— t *»- sizes 'i to 3. ©
0 narrow widths; reduced to 40c. Sizes 0
(<>) 2'A to 31"3 1 " of a better Krade of Oxfords 0
(i) will be sold for 65c, All these Oxfords fa
0 formerly sold for from..s'.' to $3 a pair 0
fa Ladles' Black or Bronze French Kid X
}~i Beaded Opera Slippers, turned FOles. Vj
}& wooden heels, sizes 2to 4. Reduced )V
(.*> to $12:.: former price $3 00 0
® ®
0 Ladies' Turkish Slippers, all colors and 0
(•) sizes. Reduced to €5c a pair fa
fa Ladies' Vicl Kid Button Shoes, opera fa
fa toes and V-shaped patent leather tips, V
X sizes 2to '4%. widths Bto i". Re- )S{
« duced t0...., Toe; formerly $2 50 ; J>
0 Ladles' Vicl Kid Button Shoes, plain 0
0 broad toes, without tips, easy on the 0
GO feet, sizes 2 to :!>«. widths AA to E; 0-
0 same kin.l, sizes 4 and 41*., widths AA, X
■js A and B. Reduced to «
X 65c; regular prices $2 50 and $3 00 X
0 (•;
0 Men's Boat Satin rt-lk ■ (•>
0 Calf Lace Shoes. « fcTll CO
0 with either St» i^^l 0
fa Louis, coin or I \f\ \ B fa
fa needle toes and ■ VK \^"'V V^
fa tips, guaranteed J^ V,l i)
X for wear, re- 1 7^""w» a «, l^^^. %g{f f\
X duced to — ~~\ ><
0 frumS-. all 8iz '- s HßS^^B^^^^ ( i>
| " I
I Klondike Footwear a |
1 Specialty. |
0 0
S Country orders solicited. . 0
X Address 0
1 B. KATCHINSKI, |
© PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO £>
0 10 Third St., San Francisco. 0
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
OFFICE,
1004 Market St.,
tar Powell.
Telephone, Sovitlx 4ao,
»«lIIUHHHH|(» m »IUl(»llU
* PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS I
I CUISINE I SERYIGE 1
% -IN THE— %
% LADIES' GRILL *
I ™* PALACE. %
* Direct Entrance from Market Street S
'-< Wo will Band you a fl»e (5) day trial
rme n i treatment of tua French Keuiedy
f "» t n w CAUTHOS rrcc . ( , o c. £ £:, m ~J
I BE*^ r Si " "' al B uaruct - ee that Caltkos will
fialta .ll S XU P »««»l»«nt«i »«d Emlwlons,
Br n N(V^j - «•><! KESTOUE Lo.t Vigor.
BBbHMMES It costs yog nothing to try U.
I Yon M Oh I CO. 44 OBSo!rAm-rlr»aA;U.ClnclainU,o.
Mm Mouth, Halr^Palllngi Write COOK Sk
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores. Ulcers fl
in Month. Hatr-Fallins? Write COOK KEM- N
■ edyco., masonic temple, CHI-B
CA(rO. ILL., for proofs of euros. Capital fl
tS.T(Kj.O(iO. Worst eases cured in lj to 36 dava S
100-pajre book free . . H
jgßj^iai -.oiurs. Ag Whites, unnatural dial
m « jfew-riStS I.'1 .' Sri
gjJPr.ynts coupon. tjonof mnSo". me*'
KSarHEEvANSCHEMIP^fJo. branes. Non-astringent.
IfijHkciNCISNATI.O K3&TB **o'd by I>ru K-iMI»,K -iMl», *
wk C. S. a. 23a ? " Eo:it in plain wrapper,
v ■ Circmar Ti,oti;;^,r
■mil -"»,-■ Circmar wnt oa request.
© Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
t&m Museum of Anatomy
D JLfl ' ' he LafgenofltstlndlnthoTVorld.
\wfr \ DR> JORD * — Private r Diseases.
HU I Bk—, . Oonsulta:lonf r cc - TF rlr« fcr Book
I ■ Marriage.
*" MAILED FHCt.GAS W ILL NOT
BE DISTURBED
The Supervisors Decide to
Let the Illuminant
Alone.
Acrimonious Debate Over the
Lease of the Sailors'
Home.
The Mission Park and the Zoological
Garden Gets a Severe Set
back.
The Board of Supervisors decided
yesterday to refuse to Interfere with
the quality of the illuminating gas
that is furnished to the ratepayers of
fc>iin Francisco.
Supervisor Lackmann's order limiting
the quantity of carbonic monoxide was
reported upon by a special committee
composed of Supervisors Rivers, Shee
han and Delany, that had been ap
pointed to investigate the matter. The
following report offered by the com
mittee was unanimously adopted:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Fran
cisco:
Gentlemen— Your Committee on Street
Lights, to which was referred a resolu
tion relative to the manufacture and lim
iting the amount of carbon monoxide in
tins used for Illuminating purposes, would
respectfully report that your committee
held an investigation which demonstrated
that all gas, if inhaled, is poisonous,
whether manufactured and known as coal
gas or as water gas:
That water gas, so called, is supplanting
what is known as coal gas principally
because of its reduced cost and greater
illuminating power.
The question of care is essential in the
use of gas, an( i it is certainly not the
function of this Board to stand in the
Way 01' attempts to regulate the manufac
ture of gas, when it is not disputed that
all large cities are • gaged In its manu
facture and when it is shown that water
gas plants are rapidly being Introduced to
supplant the works by which coal gas
in manufactured, so that a higher lllumln
ant can be produced.
Your committee, therefore, recommend
the indefinite postponement of the reso
lution as being at variance with business
enterprise which is recognized as progres
sive in other cities, as in no respects will
that gas. when used, have disastrous re
sults if ordinary prudence is exercised In
its use. T. W. RIVERS,
J. H. SHEEHAN*.
I. M. ] iKI.ANV.
There was a long and acrimonious
debate over the lease of the Sailors'
Hvin-'. which the Women's Seamen's
Benevolent and "Protective Society de-
Bires to lease from the city. The at
ys for tii.- society, Messrs.
Hun phrey a; Barrett, claimed thsit the
home is at pres< at conducted on a sec
tarian basis, and that seamen of cer-
I sects an unable to obtain the
-spiritual teaching that they iteshv.
The resoluti >n granting the Lease u<
thy so< Lety Cor two years at Jl per an
num was finally laid over for ;i \\»->'k
to give th< members a chance to in-
A meeting will be held
mii g next nt LO o'clock to
tter.
The propositon to establish a Mis
si Park .m<l Zoological Garden re
setback at the
I : Supervisors Clinton and
rhe latter wanted the matter
while the former
■ leflniti ly postponed.
: thai the price asked for the
...s about three times its value,
.-ii.'i ih:i- there must be some job in the
• ■ t'i sell it t'i the city.
Supervisor Smith objected to any
Fwh statements, and the matter finally
went ov.-r for ;; week.
The new plumbing order proposed by
the Health Department and recom
mended by the Health and Police Com
mittee was pass< d to print.
Supervisor Rottanzi presented an or
di r prohibiting the sale of liquors to
minors, and offering half thf- fines col
, from violation to the informers.
The measure went to the Judiciary
->r Rivers' poolroom ordi
ferred to thi j City and
County Attorney for his opinion as to
!t= legality, and will be taken up aerain
by the Health and Police Committee
on Friday next.
An ordinance framed t<> obtain li
cense s ■■ m th< se whose privileges en
h on city property or property un
der the control of the city was referred
to the joint License and Order Com
mittee and Froecial committee
Supervisor I^iitt presented a resolu
tinn, that was adopted, askinp the City
and County Atl as to
er contracts f-umyilftpd by labor
er? working in violation of the eisht
hour law were legal.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
of the Board.
The following is a complete record
of the street improvements which
passed the Board of Supervisors at yes
terday's session:
AWARDS OF CONTRACTS.
Florida. Twenty-sixth to Army— Grading,
etc., to Warren and Malley.
. Slxtti, Channel to Hooper — Curbs and paving!
to Union Paving anil <"*ontracting Company.
Sixth and Hooper— Same.
Sixth, Hooper to Irwln— Same.
..Sixth and Ii win— Same.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Noe, Thirteenth io Fourteenth — Curbs and
paving.
•Hill, Noe to — Curbs and sidewalks on
northerly fide.
Twenty-third and Harrison— Curbs and pav
ing.
Seventeenth. Stanyan to Ashbury— Grading.
Webster and Fell— Artificial stone sidewalk
on southeast corner.
Valencia, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Artificial stone sidewalks on ea.«t side.
Fourteenth and Guerrero— Bituminous paving.
Twenty-sixth, Noe to Castro— Plank Bide
11'.atkB.
Beale and Howard— Same, on northerly cor
ner.
Thirteenth and Scott— Artificial stone aide
walk on northeast corner.
Scott and Waller Sam-- on southeast corner.
Locust, Washington to Jackson — Curbs and
paving
RECOMMENDED. PASSED TO ' RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Oak, Stanyan to point Cl!4 feet west of
westerly line of Baker— Gutterways, and pav
ing of northerly half; gratings, etc., at various
point*.
Stockton, Geary to Poet— Paving.
Stockton and Post— Same.
Third, Mission to Howard— Repairing of road
way foundation.
Page, Broderick to P.aker— Sidewalks.
Page, ' Baker to Lyon— Ka-me
Page,'Ly«n to Central avenue— Same.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Balcer, Green to Union— Pipe, sewer, etc.
Baker and Green Pipe sewers, cesspools,
culverts, curbs, etc.
i laker, Vallejo to Green— Pipe sewer, etc. ■
Dolores and Tenth— Bituminous paving. '
<. lay. Walnut to Laurel — Same.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
Berry, Seventh to Eighth— Curbs and paving.
Vermont. Alameda to Sixteenth— Grading and
DeHaro Fifteenth to Sixteenth-Grading,
curbs and paving *"
Rhode Island, Alameda to Fifteenth— Grad
ing and paving,
Rhode Island and Fifteenth— Curbs and pav
.r,l :h °? c Island, Fifteenth to Sixteenth-Grad
ing, curbs and paving
payf 1"*1 "** 1 Dlvislon Ul Sixteenth-Curbs and
Jl*i> ) Hi...
Sixteenth, Kansas to DeHaro— Same. etc.
Natoma, First to Fremont-
Same 8 Portland avenue to Brook street—
came.
Mission, Brook to Randall-Same.
Eighth. lirannan to Townsend— Same, with
pipe Mwer.
Mission and Brook Paving, storm-water in
lets, etc.
Mission and Randall — Same.
Lundy's Lane, Esmeralda avenue to ter
mination — Grading, curbs, sewer. Me.
Hill. Noe to Artificial stone sidewalk
on north side.
Pine, Laguna to Buchanan — Same on both
sides.
San Jose avenue, Twenty-fifth to Twenty
sixth—Curbs and paving.
RESOLUTION OF FULL. ACCEPTANCE.
Cole, Frederick to Waller— Bitumen.
Guerrero, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth—
Same.
Bosh, Kearny to Grant avenue— Same.
Twenty-second, Alabama to Florida— Same.
I-yon. Bush to Pine— Same.
Twentieth, Folsom to Harrison—
Bush, Baker to Lyon— Same.
Spruce, California to Sacramento— Basalt.
Steiner, Green to Union— Same.
Ashbury. Oak to Pace -Bitumen.
Central avenue, Halght to Waller— Basalt and
bitumen. .
Webster, Fell to Oak— Bitumen.
Guerrero, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth—
Same.
Guerrero, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth—
Some.
Guerrero. Twenty-sixth to Army— Same.
Guerrero, Army to Twenty-seventh— Same.
Guerrero, Twenty-seventh to Duncan Bamw.
Guerrero. Duncan to Twenty-eighth— Same.
Twenty-second and Harrison Same.
Page and Steiner — Same.
Florida and Twenty-second — Sam*.
Hampshire and Twenty-second— Same.
Guerrero and Twenty-third Same.
Guerrero and Twenty-sixth— Same.
Guerrero and Army-Sanif.
Guerrero and Twenty-seventh—
Guerrero and Duncan— Same.
Guerrero and Twenty-tifth— Same.
EXTENSION'S OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Grove and Masonic avenue; Grove, Clayton
to Cole; Grove and Clayton; Masonic ave
nue, Fulton to Grove: Clayton, Fulton to
Grove; Ashbury, Pulton to Grove; Grove, Ma
sonic avenue to Ashbury; Masonic avenue.
Grove to Hayes; Ashbury. Grove to Hayes;
Clayton, Grove to Hayes; Grove and Ashbury;
Grove, Asbbury to Clayton— To property own
ers, ninety days on grading, etc., lor each
of foregoing.
California. Maple to Cherry: California,
Cherry to First avenue— To Union Paving
Company, sixty days on paving, etc. '
L.a.»;uiia. O'Farrell to Ellis— same for prop
: erty owners.
Page and 1-yon, Leavenworth and Green
wich, and Green and Taylor— Flinn and
Treacy, thirty days on paving, etc.
Valparaiso and Itoach— To property-owners,
thirty days on sewering.
Kay, Van Ness avenue to Laguna — To War
i ren <<.• Malley. sixty days on sewering, etc.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— To same, ninety
days on grading.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Palmer, Randall to Fairmount—Property
owhers, for t-ew€-ring.
Twelfth avenue, A to B street — for
grading, etc.
Eighth avenue. I to J street— Same.
Folsom. Rlpley t.i Crescent avenue Same.
i Great Highway, west line — Adolph Sutro to
I have City Engineer place monuments.
Flood avenue, along west line of House of
Correction tract to Ocean avenue — Sunnyslde
District and other clubs for 50-foot right Of
way.
Eighth avenue. 1! to Fulton street— Sutro
Railroad Company for betterment of condi
i tion.
Hickory avenue and Gough street — Property
owners for condemnation of properly on south
west corner.
Sutler, Grant avenue to Kearajr street — I'rop
eny-owrr»?rs for bituminous paving.
Commercial, Drumra to Davis street— Same
for raising of grade.
Aj»l ■•■. Seventeenth to Miguel street — New
Park Lane tract and Seventeenth-street Im
provement clubs for grading, etc.
Dolores, Nineteenth to Twentieth street —
Congregation Sherith Israel to lay artificial
stone sidewalk in front of Mission block s 7.
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Clayton street—lm
provement clubs f( r grading, etc.
Colllnffwood, Seventeenth to Eighteenth
street— Property-owners for construction of
sidewalks.
Lower terrace. Serpentine place to Pluto
street— Same.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Twenty-sixth, Guerrero to San Jose avenue—
J. W. Griffith against paving.
Richland avenue, Holly street to South ave
nue- Property-owners against grading.
Wolfe, Isabel to Peralta avenue — Same
Rhode Island. Twenty-second to Twenty
third street— Same.
Fulton, Cole to Shmder street— Same.
Folsom, Jefferson to Crescent avenue — Same.
Folsom, Ripley to Crescent avenue— Same.
Euffenla and Andover avenue— Same, with
sewering.
Ivy avenue. Lacuna to Webster street —
Property-owners against sewering"-
Do Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Same.
Twenty-third, Rhode Island to De Haro
ftreet— Same.
Twenty-sixth, Valencia to San ■' — avenue —
Property-owners against repaying.
Flllmore. O'Farrell to Gear} Same against
laying artificial-stone sidewalks.
Broadway, Octavti to Lacuna street— Same.
Fillmore, Post to Sutt»r— Same.
Market, Sanchez to Noe street — Same for
south side.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET LIGHT
COMMITTEE.
Hayward Property-owners for street
lamps in front of No. H.
I street and Ninth avenue, and X street and
Tenth avenue— Same for electric lights.
Pine and Jones streets Same for electric
i lights on northeast and southwest curners.
Van Ness avenue and Franklin street -Same
for electric light . also for pas lights on Van
Ness avenue at crossings of Greenwich, Chest
j nut and Bay streets.
| REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE OX
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Alabama, Precita avenue to Ripley street —
I Sidewalks should be widened to IS feet.
! Central avenue, Haielit to Waller street
Fourteen feet of center of roadway should' be
paved with basalt
Chestnut and Baker; Lyon. Chestnut street
to the — Work in front of Government prop
erty should be done on an appropriation by
the War Department. City funds cannot be
used.
Frederick and Buena Vista avenue— All bids
■ ering rejected and pro< eedlngs stopped
for a period of nn*- \ aai
Hush. Stockton to Powell street—Superin
tendent of Streets directed to repair roadway.
First avenue, Washington t<> Jackson street —
Pro] erty-owners may pave by private oon
tract.
Seventeenth, fTanftifi to Noe street— Arti-
Dcial^stone sidewalks may b<» laid.
Ontral avenue. Fulton to Grove ."treet—Pav
infc postponed Pix months.
Eighth avenue. <~* to Fulton itrset- -Property
owners muft remove sand an-1 place in lmlk
be . Is.
Page, Fillmore to Btetaer street—Ftmieily
owners may pave by private contract.
Seventh, Hubbell to Channel; Irwin, Seventh
to Kißhth street— Same
Baker, Vallejo to fJreen— Same for sewering.
Bay, Montgomery avenue to Leavenworth
street Artificial-stone sidewalk? may be re
tained on south side.
Eighteenth avenue, south. Railroad avenue
to x stieel south- -Same.
Twenty-sixth, from point 160 wert of church
to p . ::i .'.' feet westerly— Plank sidewalks may
be laid.
Fargo place. Boardman i>lare southerly—
Against paving.
Waller, steiner to Scott street— Paving should
begin ;it once.
Qteventfa avenue. T to .T street Artifictal
: le walks may be laid.
Willard street, north of Fulton— Landing
aivl two culverts recommended.
I'h^i-tn'it an<l Polk streets I'Hvinp to he
x months.
Other petitions and protests reported on ad
versely or fil'-.1.
WEDDED TWENTY-FIVE YEARS.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Simon celebrated their silver wedding last
Wednesday evening at their r.-aider.ce, 2315 V;in Ness avenue. The house
was beautifully decorated with flowers, plants and delicate trailing
Vines, and the guests*, who numbered nearly 100. were composed of repre
sentatives of San Francisco's best Jewish and German element. Exquisite
music was rendered for the advent of the bride ami groom, who at the
proper time recounted the stc-jfs happily takt-n twenty-live years ago to
the strains of Mendelssohn's Wedding March. The evening was a most
joyous one to all concerned, tlx- discussion of a sumptuous banquet
being a feature second only to the happy felicitations for the bride and
Kroom, who are among the most popular people in the social circles in
whioh they move.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL., TirESDAI, JANUARY 11, IS»S.
THE LATE A. E. HECHT.
Th« death "f Abraham K. Hecht of the firm <>f Hecht Bros, was an
nounced yesterday forenoon. The fteoeased gentleman was well and favorably
known, not only in commercial and banking circles of th€ city, hut to the
various charitable institutions in and about Ban Francisco. Few, if any, of
the many movements got up for the benefit of the \»>>r and distressed
in this community were permitted to proce.d without the name of Hecht
Bros, being at the head of the list. N<» applicant for any worthy object was
ever turned aw;iy empty-handed from th<' banking counts* of Hecht Bros.
Abraham E. Hecht was born in HainsTii.lt. Germany, on May 23, 1838,
and nt the age of 10 years left his native laii'l and arrived in Haltimore,
where he remained until IS6I. Thence he came to San Francisco and at once
became a member of the firm of Hecht Bros., and also <>f the firm of Hecht
& Buckingham, th«.- well-known boot and shoe manufacturer* About nve
yean ago he levered his connection with th" Buckingham interest and de
voted his time ;i!:«l energy to the tirm of Hecht Urns, in the banking busi
ness, with offices at 012 Pine street. The ele-ant residence at 1201 Van Ness
avenue was owned and occupied by the deceased up to the time of his
death. Tho doors of this mansion were open to all who came on errands of
charity or on social invitations.
The funeral of Mr. Hecht will take place from th.> family residence to
morrow morning at 9:45, and will be followed by his many friends to Cy
press Lawn Cemetery, where the remains will be ii-niHted according to
his express wish, fie not only was a believer in cremation, but was one of
the promoters on this Coast of this mode of reducing oodles to ashes after
death. His death was brought about by Blight's vi-- is*, from which he
has been ■ sufferer for th«- imst four years, hut only within the past four
months has h«' been confined to his home. He leaves a widow and four chil
dren, two boys and two girls, to mourn the loss of a ioving husband and
father.
BEST FARCE
OF THE SEASON.
"The Man From Mexico"
an Almost Unbroken
Chain of Laughs.
Willie Collier More Than His
Old Sell in the Lead
ing Part.
Nellie UcHenry'l New Piece — Alcazur
Cometly-Dr«nia, Orpheum Vh
ri^ty .-iiirl Others.
"The Man From Mexico," I ;im told,
is an old French farce l<>np since Eng
lished and now done into American by
H. A. Dv Souchet as th<- means of ex
plolting the farcical acting of Willie
Collier. Personally I know nothing of
th>* antecedents of the piece. There is
a suggestion of French craft in the
BituattonaJ scheme; but that su^gestiun
is not th«- usual one. "The Man Prom
Mexico" begins to commence at just the
time of ailvi-nture when most French
farces begin to end. The awful night
of excitement, complication and veiled
Identity at the questionable house Of
entertainment Is all over when the cur
tain raises on the first act. Benjamin
Fltzhugh has had his night <>f it. to
gether with his friend Majors: and Mrs.
Fitzhueh has had hers while vainly
trying to follow them. The chasers and
the ilias.-t did not meet and now all
would be serenely over — only Fitzhugh
was arrested, sentenced to thirty days
on Blackwella 1-iand with the one
privilege of Brst going home to
straighten »>ut hie affairs.
The action canniences with Fitz
hugh In his >\\n house, under
charge or* a deputy, doomed to serve
thirty days and plausibly account for
tlu-ni to his wife. The end of this com
plication and the beginning of the oth
ers is that he leaves borne avowedly
bound for the hind of Mexico. In bare
plot th*- ivst of it is thai be goes to jail
and endures ■ Bolld month of comical
misunderstanding, and finally comes
hem.- in the costume "f a toreador and
lies to his wife up to thai point where
even his eventual confession of part <>f
the truth needs a large corroboratlon.
Thi.: ai rana*em< at may be an <>id one
but it is new i" me And the rush of
humor that Dv Sum bet has Riven to
the lines and counter complications and
th«- real Caree-comedic enterprise with
which Willie Collier plays the part of
Fitzhuijh are new. valuable and Am~r-
Ican to everybody, [n apportioning the
honors of the fun it is hard to say
wh^re Dv Souchet ends and Collier
commences. As a performance it is the
funnlesi since Gillette's production of
To-, llucfa Johnson." In parts— in all
of the prison scene— it is funnier than
anything in Gillette'" farce; and al
though the ending of the lirst act is
weak and many episodes are glided
over without attempt at .\en the li
cenaed probability of farce, it has. on
the Whole, a certain mirthful magnet
ism that makes it a fair lival to that
little masterpiece at:i In every way the
peer ol "My Friend from India."
I have never seen an audience laugh
louder and heartier than the audience
at the Baldwin laugh. d last night. Dur
ing the prison act, where • very line is
a point and .-very point a swell in the
crescendo, th«- laughter became a very
part of the play— holding Lack its ac
tion in regard to actual time, and by
so doing quickening its excitement, em
phasising its drolleries and intensify
ing its comic suspense.
The acting devolves upon Mr. Col
lier, who acquits himself of the center
of everything without a struggle on his
part or a regret on yours. His humor
is deft. Spontaneous and always com
panion;. hie. Dan Mason does* a line
bit of (Jerman character; Maclyn Ar
bUCkle, always a valuable actor, does
the comparatively legitimate comedy
part of Fitz's friend with easy author
ity, and Louise Alien dances splashing
!y and plays the wife for about what it
is worth. The others are all more or
less good, but not necessarily mention
able. The engagement should be one
of the most successful of the season
ABHTON BTEVENB
California.
if you go to see Nellie Mcllenry do not
get tired and leave at the close of the
first art. There is more to come and you
will forget the tiresomeness of that act
in the jollity that follows. Just what
"A Nißht in New York" is would lie dif
ficult to say. but that it will make you
laugh is a settled fact. Yet if you are
asked next morning what it was that you
laughed at you will tird that you can't
remember. It is called "an enchanting
effervescent, lyrical drama novelty."
whatever that may moan, but no mat
ter what the name It la something new
quick and jolly— jolly as only Nellie Mc-
Hf-nry can make ■ play.
There {■ Just enough of a plot to hang
the specialty work on, and with one ex
ception the vaudeville turns are clever
and new. Billy Barry as an acrobatic
comedian is as clever as any who have
made their appearance on San Francisco
stages, and his changes were of a nature
that kept the audience guessing as to
what he would do next. His dancing and
tumbling are something wonderful in
their surprises, while his character work
is of a pleasing versatility.
Nellie MoHenry is just the same Nellie
that we used to admire and lautrh with
—well, it won't do to say how long ago
for she looks just as young as she did
then and is just as chic, just us happy
and has just the same little quirk of her
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rom
is acquired by ladioa who use Possom's
Complexion Powdkr. Try It.
I mouth that used to please us. She has
surrounded herself with clever people
and her play goes smoothly after the
first act. There is good dancing, high
kicking and singing that is above the
ordinary, consequently the engagement
should be a success all the week.
Orpheum.
What has been the loss to Parisians has
been the gain to theatergoers of San
Francisco. The booking of Paulo and
Dika by the Orpheum management shows
an endeavor to please that is appreciated
and the applause and recalls which
marked their appearance is sufficient to
show that no mistake was made in their
selection.
Barney and Russell, In their character
sketches, are clever and pleasing and
wen- greeted with applause and laugh
ter in each of their skits.
La Petite Lund is a little girl with a
sweet voice and catchy manner who sings
and ilances in a way that goes directly
to th<- bearta of the audit nee and marks
her. as she is billed, an infant prodigy.
Th«* old favorites who have been re
tained were well received and have lost
none of their hold on the people.
Alcazar.
In their collaboration Mrs. Burnett and
William Gillette evolved a beautiful story
in the play of •"Etmeralda." It is a play
that appeals to hearts, and the company
have entered into the spirit of the au
thors and give a production that is well
worth seeing. The play is smooth and
even and the Aleasur company seem pe
culiarly adapted to it 6 phases. There is
a noticeable evenness In th« playing and
from the rising to tho falling of the cur
tain there is hardly a part that is halt
ing or jarring.
The story of Esmeralda is a homely one
and the acting of the various parts is of
a character that Indicates that neither
Stockbridge nor his old support wore ab
solutely necessary for the good perform
ances which marked its first production.
The work of the present members of the
cast shows that they have a play for
which they are particularly adapted and
it also shows that no one can k<> astray
in going to the Alcazar it' desirous of see
ing a bit of work that touches the heart
strings without leaving a touch of bit
terness.
Morosco's.
"The Plunger" is not a novelty at
Morocco's, but it teems with the sort of
excitement that is ever new to the
patrons of this house, is sumptuously
staged and played for all it is worth by
a company that is expert in the business
of melodrama.
Tivoli.
New jokes, new songs, especially the
gavotte, "The Dames and Dudes of Long
Ago," sunp by the children, distinguish the
second edition of "Mother Goose" at the
Tivoli. This popular holiday spectacle
will soon five way to the new Irish ro
mance, "Brian Boru."
Oberon.
A selection fn.m "Dinorah," "The Ride
of the Hussars," "The Patrol Comique"
.v.'! "Sonnen Wataer" (from the ballet,
•Sun and Earth." l.y Bayer* were some
of tho numbers on last night's programme
at the Oberon. _
Chutes.
The Chutes has the star novelty of its
career in Chiquita. the "Cuban Atom "
She is, beyond qu> stion. one of the mort
engaging freuKs ever shown in the city.
Folk-Song Recital.
Miss Villa Whitney White has consent
ed to r>-peat the first <>f h«r talks and
interpretation of folk-song— the German
programme. The recital takes place at
the California on Friday afternoon.
ANOTHER TOLAND WILL.
Second Testament piled by the
Largest Devisee to Streogtherj
the Purport of the First.
In order to strengthen his claim to
the estate of his mother, and better
ward off the attack of a contestant,
Hugo H. Toland has applied to the Pro
bate Court to revoke its action in ad
mitting to probate the last will of lira.
Mary B. Toiand, which is dated No
vember 14, 1895, and readmit that doc
ument and a prior will, under date of
April 13, ISM, to probate, that they may
stand together and better prove the in
tention of the testatrix in the disposi
tion of her property.
The will the court is asked to admit
together with the last testament of
Mrs. 'Poland provides for almost the
same bequests as the later one, but
favors her son to a greater degree. The
bulk of the $60,000 estate is left to Hffgo
H. Toland, and consists of all the tule
lands and docking place on the Sacra
mento River, known as "Tolands." In
the pricr will it is requested that the
property remain in the hands of the
devisee for his benefit. The executors
of the will are requested not to sell or
allow the property to be sold, if not ab
solutely necessary, as it is the wish of
the testatrix, as well as that of her
husband prior to his death, that the
property remain in the hands of the
son. that he might always have an in
come therefrom.
A Teamster Run Over.
James Carroll, a teamster, fell from his
wagon at Twentieth and Eureka streets
yesterday afternoon, the wheels passing
over his left leg. He was picked up in a
semi-conscious condition and removed
to the City and County Hospital where
it was found that ho had sustained a
compound fracture of the leg, as well
as being internally injured.
Died From Her Burns.
Several days ago Elizabeth S. Sexton,
a 11 year Old girl, residing at 13.) Clara
street, accidentally overturned a lighted
coal oil lamp and was severely burned,
six- died yesterday from the effects of
her injuries and the body was removed
to the Morgue.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 10.— C. Holbrook
and Miss olive Holbrook, Ban Francisco,
Bbbttt House; John W. Evan? . San Fran
([sco, St. James.
NEW TO-DAY.
■v»*/fi***/>^e**%%*%'%'
! YOU MAY
! WORRY
» ALONG VTTHOUT
I Blatz
5 Milwaukee L/vVi
' I in your home, but you shouldn't,
€ for as a family beer it has no
* equaL It is pure, it is nourish-
£ ing, and its fine flavor and taste
» give continual pleasure.
{ Call for Blatz.
\ See that "Blatz" on the Cork.
I VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO.
J MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
I Louis Cohen St Son, Wholesale Dealers,
- 416-4 18 Sacramento St., San Francisco.
) Telephone Main 416.
~> •-v<v^»e'»v^^?v«^%'%/
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
000 MAKKET ST.. OPP. PALACE
UOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Residenca MM
Valencia street. Telephone, "Church" U.
NEW TO-DAY. -
/^BSn^/^^M one - Unaffected by extreme cold or heat.
Send name and address on a postal card
for 148-page illustrated catalogue. It
§£^^HH|^H is It*; 'i '
52? 1 ; '/-'■■' jwwi »■■" ■ — - « ' ■» ■
aMlly^H Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
%** SHVifl 4iB Market street » San Francisco, Cal.
NEW TO-DAY.
gpgi9&| RUPTURE
TlrG&&&Kr*<e{^SHs* f IrO!l Hoops or Steel
H— -*'3jßOHj^^!^' Springs. Rupture retain-
If —^jSpfTv^ ed with ease and comfort,
tj SSb!\ and thousands- radically
H /I*J\ CURED by Dr. Piercers
/^A' \ Celebrated Magnetic Elastic
Truss. (CTCall at office or
write for New Pamphlet NO. 1.
Address MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
DR. PIERCE & SON. 704 Sacramento st. (cor.
Kearny). SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.
C7"When writing please mention The* Call.
HRgggj DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Ugn3; Five hundred reward for any case
•■■ BBj; i\o cannot cure This secret remedy
SDR. losses in 21 hours, cures
Five hundred reward for any ease
we cannot iure. This secret remedy
-toi-i* all losses in hours, cures
■E9 HP I n ' l!:s l ons . Impotency, Varicocele,
|wi RW Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
U^JJ Ual I' '•"'- Manhood and all wasting ef-
IMB PB fects self-abuse or excesses. Sent
HoEBHSX? s.:ilrd J'J ljottle; S bottles, ?>; guar
anteodtocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. BSS Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073V4 Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
f\ O A\M or rAPED KATR RESTORED to
Iml% LX T yonthtul color and beauty by DR.
-I% ' m ■ RATS' HAIR HEALTH. Re-
move* il.indrulT an 1 scalp disease. Don', stain
skin. < overs BALD sp>ts. Ab^olutelT harmless.
Largo bottles 5 ir«ut», at druiislst*. Uetiil aict'nts.
So-T'F.R" h MALI: ■ ll.\RM>iy, 963 Market st
Whole»ais-MACK St CO.: I.AVGI.KY A I'ICH-
AKUS: i OFPTX. Ki.l)l> (.TON* < O.
BATXROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot olt Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 11:15.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:69
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:50
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
Jl':4s. 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip?
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:19 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:23 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetzen Park
same schedule as above
Leave • ■,„ Arrive
San Francisco. \ Oct »l ' San Francisco.
Week | Sun- 1^,,,.. Sun 1 Week
Days. I days. PesUnatl<>H days, I <inys. _
7:30 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Novato. '10:40a.m. 1 8:40 a.m.
S:3op.m.|a:3oa-m. Petaluma, ' 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
s:lUp.m. 5:00p.m.i Santa Rosa. ; 7:55 p.m. 6:'.*2p.m.
Fulton. 1
7:30 a.m. Windsor. j 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburs, I
Lytton.
I Geypervllle.
, 3:30 p.m. 8 :00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:»5p.m. | 6:22 p.m.
I . IHopland and
7:30a.m.;8:00a.m.l Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m.) | 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
3:.Top.m.| I _J 6:22 p.m.
7:30a.m.18:00a.m. Sonoma ilo:4oa.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Elien. ! 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:aia.m. [»:i«ia.m.| c..K0 .,- rir .i |10:40a.m.]10:25a.m.
3:3t)p.m.!s:oup.m.i ScbaatcpoL | ; . . ipn , 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Holland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vti.h> ■ ings, Saratoga fe.Kiri:^. Blue Lakea.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's Buck-
Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's. Buck-
rell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg. Westport. Usat.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets- to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronic]*
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQLIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will run as
follows:
Southbound. j Northbound.
Passen- Mixed c f , .«„_.,. Mixed | Passen-
ger Sunday nations. Sund:iy ?Pr
Daily. Exc'p'td j Exc'p'td Dully.
7:20 a.m.i 9:00 a.m. Stockton 1 3:45 p.m.' 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m.'l2:.V) p.m. Merced j12:50p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m.: 3:50 p.m. Fresno j J:3O a.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m.! h'H) p.m.'Hanford : :4."i a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m.: ti:4sp.in.l Visall.t I 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at Intermediate* points when required.
Connections At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings, Coultervllle, etc. ;
also with staee from Hornltos. Mariposa. etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
dera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Suusalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19. 1897.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *l:2S. •9:38.
ll:S0 a. m. ; HA 3:4. r >. •5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »S:oo. *10:00.
•11:30 a. m.. •1:15. 3:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
I:Z6 a. in weekdays tor C'azadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fo»
I)uncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
ARE YOU k MAN? |F*|
m EVERY SENSE OF THE WORD? mm f&*g ll
Are You Bearing a Secret Burden Because wf 11
of Sexual Weakness. tfr^ £$A
IF YOU ARE. THEN ACCEPT THIS '//,£ .p^ jS^^t
HoossiOffsrioSoffeilDgmen^ -
j A COURSE OF MEDICINE SENT ABSOLUTELY <^*<. '''
Every man suffering from th« effects of youthful folly or later excesses restored to PEBPBCT
7FAI/TH A\U VIOOX. Premature Decline, tost Manhood. Spermatorrhoea. Emissions, and all
■issascs and Weaknesses of Man. from whatever cause, permanently and privately cured. _ ... ■
Scad the famous PHYSICIANS' IXSTITTCTK. of Chicago, a description of your trouble, with 8
onto lor postage and packing, and our emlnentpbyslctans will prepare for you a course or medicine or sucn
ircncth as your case ma v require. We Rend It FREE to Introduce our remarkable method of treatment for
oat Manhood. No Quackery or C. O. D. Fraud. We have thousands of thankful letters that praise our
;onorab:e, liberal business methods, as well as our remarkable quick cures. We bar* cured cases that tin
aaffled ethers. Failure impossible by our method. -
IT COSTS YOU NOTHING TO TRY IT !
Thousands of weak men who bare become discouraged after trying all other treatments, have been
restored to Health and Perfect Manhood within a very short time after placing themselves in our band*
Procrastination Is dangerous. Do not neglect your case. Write us today In strict conndenoe.
PHYSICIANS 1 INSTITUTE. 1967 Masonic Temple. CHICAGO, ILL
| < SAILIIOAD TRAVEL.
-^- —^^~~^ .
TIII.K> I»A CIVIC SOJIPAW.
(PAOirio MVsTEir.)
Train* leave nn<l are ilm- to arrive at
MAN IKAM'IMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From January 1. 1888. — abrtvb
"•*6idOA Niks. San Jose and Way Stations . . . •*745 a.
7:OO v Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a.
?:OVa Marysville. Orovilleand Uedding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a. Vacaville and Rumsey B:43p '
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga and Saota Rosa 6:13?
B>QOa Atlantic Express, Ogdcn and East.. 8:43p
»::i»A NiieK, San Juse. .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, CUioo,
Tehamaacdße.llilnfT A:\*r
■8:30 a Peters, Milton ami Oakdale *7:13r
S»:OUa New Orleans Kxpress, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, lJakereiieM. Santa
i:.ir>>ara, Los Angeles, Demiug,
El Paso, Now Orleans anil East. «;*.■»
9:o*a Vallojo, Martinez, Merced and -
Fresno 12:13f
•l:O«p Sacramento River Steamers *9:«O«.
l:OOr Mies, San Jose and Way Stations., J9: 1 3.v
I :ItOi Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
£:oOr Livermore, Mendota, llanford and
Vi3alia 4:15p
LWerniore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations Jlojl3a.
4i(Mtp Martiuex, San Ramon, Viillejo.
Napa, (.'alistogn, V.I Veranu and
Santa Rosa »il 3*
4i»«p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
. ■ ■ Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oto-
ville and Sucrimieiito 10:43 a
4:Soi> Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 3p
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (tor llandsburg),
Sauta Barbara and I.os Angeles.. 7i4.1a.
4i3Op Santa Wo Route, Atlantic Express
lor Mojiivß an.l l'.nst 6:43p
«Ts:B«p " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East 610:15 a,
«T3:BOp " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §IO:I3.\
6iO«r European Mail, Often and Knot.... »:43a.
«:««!• UiiywaidH, Miles und San .lose 7:45 v
••*:«»!• Vallejo 17:45p
»-ll«l Oregou (hhmllih nil icilto. Marys-
villr. Re.ldiiiK, Portland, I'iigct
Soiinii and i;n<l H:l«.\
NAN I.MMMIO AMI II AW, A Kits LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
i'6:OOA I 7 7:1"5 a
S:O«a 31,-ln.M-. Seminary Park, t»»:-ir>\
io!oot Klt<-l.burp,Klrtilinn i ujir*v
• 1I:OOa San Leandro, south San 12j15p
:la:O °. M I-*.ndro, Estidillo, il\\^i
i3:6b'p , L«rrnzo. Cherry i il:4."»p
f:OOP , M:l".i-
3:0«p ■•'<• 6:13p
OsSOp Ilaynards. 7:13p
7:« Op - H:ir -
8:OOp i Bnng throujU to Nile*. ' L* 24 . 3p
9:OOp | From Niles lO:.»Oi-
ttllrl.^P ) trromx ' l " cs - ttia:OOp
COAM' i»m>io\ (Harrow lfauag*).
(Foot of Market Street.) •
»:1-?A Newark, (Jenleivillc,Siin.lo«!,l'c!toii,
llouldiTCrcek.iSaiitalJnusaiid Way
Stations »»BO|»
••:!5p Newark, CentertiDe, Ban .lose. New
Alniu.U-n. Pelton, ItouKltr Creek,
Santa Crm and l'liucipal Way . '
Stations •l«:.1«* l
4:15 - Newark, Sun .lorn; and Los GatoS... »:«O\
tl 1:4.1 r H'i'-.t r=' Excursion, San Jose and
>Vay Stations t~ :2Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prim SIS mKCISCO— Foot of Market Street (SliD 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll:0lU.u. 11:00 *2:CO {3:00
•1:00 t5:00 •6:00 p.m.
rramOAIUND— Foot or Broadway.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
»2:CO *1:CO 42:00 '3:30 ti-Zl '5:03 P.M.
COASI- DIVISION i i:roa«1 (iauge).
(Third «nd Townacnd St^.)
6533 a .San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only) 0:35 a.
»:••* San .lose, 'i'rts Pino.-, SiMiUCni/,
Puciiic Riots, l'aso Itoblea, San
Luis oiiiispo. Bvadahipe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stati.ins 4:13p
I»:4Oa Sau Jose and Way StatioiM «S:«0a
I1:3Oa Sin Jose ami Way .Stations 8:33 a
*St:34»t-San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara. San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cnix, Salinas,
Monterey nml I'aciOe (>rore *I«:40a
•»:15p Ran Jose and Principal Way Stations # »:«M»a
•l:l.ll- San Jose Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•5:««p San Jose and Principal Wcy Stations • :3Op
s::tOi- San .1 us? and Principal Way Stations s:3<>p
«::«»r San Jos- and Way Stations 7:2«>p
It ■ 1 : 1 ■"% i ■ San Jose mid Way Stations. 7:8«p
A for Morning. 1* tor Afternoon.
j • Hundavs excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only,
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only-
% Mondays and Thursdays.
8 Wrdn»«dnvsan't BtiUwlay.
liK&fe»»raM] CALIFORNIA
l^^^^^l I LIMITED.
f*J|fflfi | I SAN FRANCISCO
ligfWAJl'Wjj CHICAGO.
Trains leave from and arrive at .Market-
•tieet Ferry. ■■'"•
San Franciscd Ticket Office— Market St.,
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak-
land Office— lllS Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice— 201 J st.
The Best Railway— Francisco to Chlcato.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6:.">0 p. m..
Thursdays and Sundays; arrive St. Louis 7:o*
a. m. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chicago
h:43 a. m.. Fridays and Mondays.
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars aiij Pullman Palaca
Sleeping Cars.
This train carries First-Class Passenger*
only, but no extra charge Is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRESS, leaving dally at
4:30 p. m., carries Pullman Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Cirs on fast time. Di-
rect connection in Chicago and Kansas City
for all points East.
New rails, new ties, new ballast, new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
and a country that Interests by its varied ana
. beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's ts>
mous dlnlns-rooms.
.-..■•
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
13. 1897.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. ; 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:15 p. m.
Special trips can be arranged f0.7 by applying
to TKOS. COOK & SON. 621 Market st.. Saa
Francisco, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpals.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
BtTinCARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bllvei" fractionally fir::.--r.
Wheat ab ut the same. Barley advanced
apn i n .
Oats hipher and strong.
1 m and Rye dull.
Hay, Bran and Middlincs higher.
Colored Beans advan*
Vegetables dull.
Butt< ■ : ■■■■ • and Kcps weak.
A car of Eastern Poultry in. Game lower.
Oranßos an.l I^emons lower. Limes higher.
■ - . Fruits as before
No change In Provisions.
Woo!. Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meat market the .-;tin.-
DRIED APPLE TRADE.
A REVIEW OF THE EASTERN MARKET
LAST YEAR.
The New York Shipping List says of the
Dried Apple trade:
•■Probably the largest i pple crop ever known
was that of 1S:»6. and the production of evap
orated apt ■ • correspondingly large, exceed
ing the output of any previous year. It is said,
by at least 100 per cent. As a natural eonse
quonce prices ruled extremely low. and in
many case? the BnisheO product sold at cos!
and even below. The lowest ebb of values was
in February, when prime apples sold at 3' s c.
Prices hung along at about that figure until in
March, and dealers almost despaired of an
Improvement. The prevailing cheapness, how
ever, luduced a large export demand, and ship
ments abroad were no phenomenal that the
surplus product was absorbed and left small
stocks 0:1 hand when the new goods began to
arrive. Values soon felt the effect of the in
creased consumption and gradually rose until
in November prime wood-dried sold freely at
SHe, and some few sales were consummated at
-v c. The short crop of the year Just closed
materially assisted in elevating values, and
though the market is rather quiet at present
prices are firmly maintained ..t the current
quotations. Regarding the quality of the new
crop it is reported nut so good as the previous
years except in color and dry ness, and better
grades of apples being sold green, only small
and seconds being evaporated."
EXPLANATION.
Th» arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures Ht Ftat:< n indicate maximum temperature
for the days I v underneath it. if any, the
arhount of rainfall, of melted snow In Incnes
end hundredth? during the past twelve hours.
connect points of equal
eir pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The wind ■■liich' means ht?h
barometic pressure and is usually accompanied
with fair wi itl t; "1 w" refers to low pres
fure and Is < ■ ar.d accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first a] tht Washington coast. When
t!.p pressure is hieh in the interior and low
along the • act, and the Isobars extend north
end Bouth along the coast, rain is probable;
but when th.- "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, ram 5..-,ith of Oregon Is lm
probable. \\ ;th a "Men" In the vicinity of
Idaho, p.nd the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia cn.ist. warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
epp< site result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 10. 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours .-.:; ! seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same dale
last season:
_ Past This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Seas*
I.urf'Ka 0 . 22 r)lr )l
Red Bluff .......: 0 i- :i 11 46
Sacramento 0 4 « s 49
San Francisco 0 4 40 11 '10
Fresno 0 2.2" 411
San Luis Oblsno 0.04 i OS 7 9J
Los Angles o :s ;,, r.'.^
Ban Dies n.SI 2 37 4 #
Tuma •• 0.15 3.04 2.25
'■"." Francisco tomporature: Maximum. 43;
minimun!. 4": menn ii
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
T-. AT i a iT a v of blgh P«*«ure continues over
Utah. I<lano - Eastern Oregon and Eastern
ssss^f^jn^A^jisr 111 ? Ups over
Bouthern ■ "aiifo, r.:.-, and Arizona
Thunderstorms ar- reported in Arizona, heavy
rain is falling- in extreme Southern California
Bnd »" a T- r.V " ! neraliy in the mountains
of Southern I alifornia. Nevada and Utah
The temperature has fallen decidedly' over
£ r1 7." f U ;?7, n Callr 9. a and Utah. The
Isotherm of '" '■'" s rou " of lls normal por
tion and heavy frosts are likely to prevail
throughout California and 'Arizona Tuesday
an.l v- . Inesday mornings.
, Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. .lan. 11, 1898: y
Northern California— Fair Tuesday: contin
ued cold weather, with killing frost In the
morning; light northerly winds
Southern California— Rain early Tuesday
morning in extreme nouthern po-tlon- fair
Tuesday, with killing frosts Tuesday night
"eTtlon - : vr ' ■ C ' trUS fruit* will n ; P ,i r .,:
weaTher a -~ '-air Tu<-.!ny; continued cold
Utah— Fair Tuesday: continued cold weather
Arizona ; or snow rr.rly Tuesday morn-
Inc. fair ruetwiay with killing front* Tues
%,n ivn ■ 1 ■ ■ * fTItSf T ltS will need protection.
™n^, ' 7""-'-;-' an<l , v '-'-i"i'V-Kair Tuesday;
continued .-..]■'. weather, with heavy frost "in
th» morning: light northerly winds '
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m.— <lear: wind north 12 miles- tern
peratiiic, 34; maximum. ?«. «i"«s. lem
ALEXANDER McADIE.
' Iw.-al Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
-■M-.w IORK STOCK MARKET. ■>> j
.v T*!, T ° RKt Jan - "' - Thp re was a halt in
the bull movement on the stock Exchange to
day, the upward course of prices meeting with
obstacles, The buoyancy manifested by some
special stocks was not piufflclent to overcome
the general tendency entirely and prices as a
rule are somewhat lower. There was some
pressure to sell for. London account, and prices
of Americans were lower before the opening
there. There was a disposition reported from
that center to take jn unfavorable view of the
future values In thTs country. The readiness
of traders «... realize gave weight to the opin- ,
ion of some of the professionals that the tech
conditions were not good' at present 'or !
a prolonged rise;. This opinion is bas<d on a
belief that large lines of stocks are already
in the hands of speculators awaiting a rise
These holdings, It is argued, might be dis- |
lodged by a slight reaction and passed into i
the bands of large combined Interests. Doubt
less the fear of some such maneuver caused
Some of the smaller operators to pause In their
buying to-day, It also gave confidence to the :
bears, who sold some of the leading stocks
Suite aggressively. The market was." however •
ull as compared with the latter part of last
■week. The buying of Northern Pacific stocks
■was very heavy, blocks of 14 000 shares chang
ing hands." As a result the preferred closed
1% higher, at 62 s i, which is a new high record.
• There was mm disappointment In view of
Saturday's bank statement at the continued
firmness of money, which dM not loan below :
3 per cent. Foreign exchange also continued
firm. .
The bond market ' was quite active to-day
and prices held firm in the face o* some i
realizing in the speculative issues. Total
pales, 53.575.00 Q. United States old fours cou
pon are ', lower bid.
Total sales of stocks to-day, 333,900 shares. !
Including: Atchison preferred. .",094; C. & 0..
2<VX>: Burlington, 18,746: Delaware. L. & W..
3300: Hocking Valley. 8115: New Jersey Central, |
7036; L. ft N., ' ; 22:.; Manhattan. lS.Slfi; Met.
Ft. Ry., 3MO; Hawaiian Com. Co.. 5000: Mis- |
ftourl Pacific. 6«49; x v. Central. 7320; North
ern Pacific. 18,688: Northern Pacific preferred,
81,704; Rock Island. 93Sn: St. Paul, 18.146: Union
Pacific. 6230: U. P.. D. & <; , 6909: Wabaah
preferred. 3273: Wheeling &- Lake Erie, MOD;
American Tobacco, «334; Chicago G. W.. 5476;
People's Gas, 8S90; Gen. El»ctrlc, 4008; Sugar,
11.490: Term. C. & 1., 6203; W. U., 6666.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The Evening Post's
London rablfßram Bays:
The stocks here to-day were Irregular and
with a less measured tendency. Consols and
kindred stocks sold lower on expectations or
gold shipments this week to Argentina, hence,
also, a further lift- In Arsentina stocks. •
Americans relapsed on .i New York cable to
the Times predicting a silver majority In the
next House, etc.. which, while regarded as too
pessimistic. Is none the less likely to disturb
the public here, as reviving the sliver scare.
The reaction would have, been more severe but
for the Continental support and arbitrage
houses covering shorts. New York also ab
sorbed stocks freely. '
Mines were steady. The settlement shows a
small account, but contangoes were fairly
high, despite cheaper money.
A feature to-day was the strength of Indian
exchange. The India Council sold telegraphic
transfers as hiwh as IG' . I am Informed from
good quarters that a scheme is being dis
cussed, Hie main point of which would pro
vide that Instead of gold being actually
shipped to India, It would be stored by the
Indian treasury on this side and rupees would
be Issued aeainst it In India. The entire
scheme is of the most Importance. It will not
pent-rally be known here until to morrow and
it la not definitely arranged. Russian ex
change to-day made an Important advance,
reaching 94.75.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12 7 K,St I* £• Om 76 a i
Do pref SH( : Do pref 11-.
Ball A- Ohio !3 » Bl P II & M.... 121
<"an Pacific SKi So Pacific : 21
ran Southern .. 524 So Railway 9
Cent Pac n * I Do pref 31^
Ches & Ohio .... 22 JTex & Pro 114
Chi A- Alton .... I<U'~; Union Pac 2RVi
C Ft A- Q 100% il' P D A- 0 «4
CA- E 111 55 Wabash 74
C '■ C & St L... 3*4! Do prof I**,
Do pref SO Wheel ft L E I
Del ft Hud .... 113 I I*. rref 11
He! I. &- W 154 Express Companies—
Den A- R 0 11 'Adams Ex 159
Do pref 4G4|Amer Ex 117
Erie (new) 14 v* I United States ... 40
Do Jut pref .... 3*4 i Wells Fargo 112
Ft Wayne l«R*j : Miscellaneous—
Ot Nor pref l"'i I A Cot Oil 23
Hocking Val 714 1 Do pi ef 76
Illinois Cent .... V»'\ |Amn Spirits 7»;
Lake Erie & W.. 17 . Do pref 19
Do pref 73 Am Tobacco .... \*<\
T.ako Shore 1 7" >- • Do pref 116
Loir.a A- Nash.... 56<i People's Gas .... !>:>',
Manhattan 1 114 ■ » Con* Gas MM
Met St Ry l:!.-*> 4 Com ('ah Co 17:.
Mich Cent l'>; : jCol F & Iron . . 2fi';
Minn <C- St L 25 ; ! Do pref 7.",
Do Ist pref .... RS ' Gen Elec :r,* 4
Mo Pacific 34% ! Illinois Steel .... »
M. l. A- Ohio .'•■., I La< lede Gas .... 4".
Mo X & T i:'. Lead 37>i
Do pref ::>;■; ; Do prof 107
Chi Ind .< L *VN'at Lin Ml .... 174
Do 1 ref 30 !O r Imp Co 204
X .t <-. nt '.'7 Pacific Mail SI
N V Cent 1"!' ! - ' Pullman Pal .... 174»i
X V Chi .*. St L 13«ij Silver Cert 57«4
Do Ist pref .... 70 Ptan It ft T 4
Do 2.1 prof .... 36 iSugar 143%
Nor West 14 ' Do pref 1!".
No ■ it Co .... 4* 4 tC & Iron 2S>i
No Pacific 22 1 ; : I* S Leather 7
Do pref *;'■„■ Do j ref 644
Ontario ,v W .... 157* L" 8 Rubber .... Is\
Or R A- Nay .... .17U i Do rrpf M
Or Short Line .. 20Vi|West Union .... K»i
Plttshurg 168 C & X W 1224
Reading 22» 4 | Do pr»f 1644
Do Ist prpf .... 514 'Chi <; W If,*,
Rock Island V, St I. A- S W 4
St L A- S F.... 7% I", rrpf '■<
Do Ist pref .... --  R '". w 12
Do :i pref .... 27 •« • Do pref f 4
Sf Paul •>- . Haw Com Co .... 30H
Do pref 144
CLOSING BONDS
V S new 4s rep.. 129 X.IC Sa 1114
Do COUP 129 N" Carolina 6<< .. 125
VB 4s 112*; Do 4s 102
Do coup 113*4 No Pac lsts .... 117' 4
Do 2is 994 Do 3s f,P,
I" S 5a reg 114 V Do 4- <:-:•..
Do rs .-.up .... 114% N V C & B I- 4«. 107
Dlst 3 65s 116 !xor A- W 6a 1244
Ala class A 107 Northwstrn con.. 145
Do B i"7 Do deb r,s 117
Do C 100 O Nay lets 1134
Do Currency .. MM |o Xav 4s 04" 4
Atchlson 4<? 90S O S Line «-. tr.. 1244
Do adi 4s T. r '\ : O S Line Sa tr.. .■7'' 4
Can So .'.is 109 ; O Imp Ista tr.... 103 5 ,
Oil Term ■■'„ Do 5s tr 4>-'
<• A- Ohio .-.= 11441 Pae Sa of 9.*. .. l«3'i
C H & D 4'-s .. 104% Heading 4s M".
D A- R ''. Ist- ... 10Si;:R <; W lsts B3V
D A- R G 4s 90' iS A- I M C 55.. ---j
East Term lsts .. 106^ LA-S F G to.. V.7
Rr»e Gen 4s 71 ISt P Con 140
FWA- 11 lsts tr.. 73 St V<■ .C- P lots.. 11»H
Gen Kip'- 5s innvi : Do 5a HS'i,
GHA-SA to .. 10:, |S Carolina non-f. 'I
Do 2ds 100 'So Rv Ss 924
II A- T <■ 5s 1 ■'•■; Stan R A- T «s.. <" ■■■".
Do con fis .... 10.i JTenn new yet 35.. S7
; lowa C lsts lfio ,Tex Ph.* LG lsts. '■•'»
Kan P Con tr.... «'" - Do re 2da 29%
X P Ist D tr.... 110 ;T'nlon Par- lsts .. 103
ILa new eons 45.. 101 TT P D <*;• G lsts S3
!L.A- X I'ni 45.... S<i Wah Ist 5s .... lnsi^
Missouri fis 100 j Do Sda M',
M X & T !da .... 84 I XV Shore 4s 1091;
Do 4s «7' Va Centuries 6' 4
X V Cent lsts .. 115 ' Do deferred .. Z\' 2
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar »0 1 Ontario 2 so
Crown Point 2'> I Ophlr 5.".
Con ral & Va.... 1 05 j Plymouth M
Deadwood 1 10 ; Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 30; Do pref 900
Hale A- Norcrs.. 1 20 ' Sierra Nevada .. f." l
Homestake 37 00 i Standard 150
Iron Silver T'nion Con M
Mpxiran 20 Tellow Jacket .. 2*>
BOSTON.
! BOSTON, Jan. Atrhlson. 12*;: Bell Tele
! phone. 2r.a ; Rurllngton, 100%; Mexican Central,
i 6; Oregon Short Line. 80%.
TREASURY STATEMENT.
WASHINGTON. Jan. -To-day** statement
•' of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
i able cash balance, |24L2t8.8M; gold reserve,
j t1C1.40G.104.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— FLOUR -Receipts,
! 96.765: export?, 11.05*. Influenced by the decline
! In wheat and ruled lower on choice grades.
i Minnesota patents, $jSS 30; winter straits, $4 43
<ff4 5!
i WHEAT— Receipts. 100.025; exports, «<\<<<M.
i Spot weak: No. 2 red, $1 98%. Options op"nM
I weak under bearish fables, rallied on th«
j snirill visible supply Increase, hut broke aealn
under long selling and weak late Continental
' news, closing- ■ 1 4 'fil 1 i. net lower; No. 2 red Jan
! vary. 87%@98Uc; closed,- 97T«c; May, 92^92 Vic;
• clrsed. &2/.c.
AVOOIy- Quiet.
HOPS— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PIG -Warrants, dull at $8 60 bid; $6 73
ask.-d.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, at $10 90 bid; $11
a -iked.
TlN— Quiet: $13 75 bid: $13 85 asked.
.SPELTER— Quiet: $3 S." bid: $4 asked.
LEAD— Quiet: $3 65 bid; $3 75 asked. The
firm that fixes the settling price for miners'
and smelters' quotes lead at $"? ." .it the close.
COFFEE— opened steady at 5 points
; decline: closed steady, with prices unchanged;
sales. 47r.0 hags. Including January. $5 4O'f?s 45;
March, $> «,-..-. 65. Spot Rio. dull: No. 7 in-
I voice. f,\r: No. 7 Jobbing, 6>jc. Mild, quiet;
! Cordova, Si*'dlsc.
I SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 3*; c;
centrifugal, M test. -lUc: refined, firm.
WlTTEß— Receipts. 5757 packages; dull;
Western creamery. 14©20 c: Elgins, :':•■■; factory,
ll''J 14
Receipts, 4252 packages: easy: Ptate
and Pennsylvania, 20 23c.; Western, 19Q21c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 30.— California dried fruits.
steady.
EVAPORATED A -Common, s>&7c;
■ prime wire tray, SVic: wood dried, prime, 8>- 4
: ti<>u, ■; choice, SHSS'ic; fancy, S^aUc.
j chinks
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 7@BHc; Moorpark, 9®llc
lie.
peaches— Unpeded, TOMe; peeled, i2^2oc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 10.— Wheat opened weak at
I from He to %c below Saturday's closing
! prices. It held fairly firm during the greater
part of the forenoon at about starting prices.
First trades for May delivered were made at
from M%C to 90»ic as against 91% cat the
dose Saturday. The ran^e from that time up
to the publication of the visible supply state
ment was from Sic down to 90% c. The early
drop In prices was due practically to a \d de
clnie. at Liverpool and slightly easier quota
tions from Paris. A Liverpool Corn Trade
News cablegram said that an official Russian
report made wheat show a deficiency of •'•'.<.
000.000 bushels, compared with the previous
year's crop. The closing quotations in for
eign markets suggested Kreater heaviness than
there was any visible reason for at this dis
t trict. Liverpool closed at a decline for the
day of vid to Id; Paris from M to 60 centimes
lower for flour and 25c to 20c down for wheat.
The market became quite weak toward the
: end. Up to within half an hour from the close
May Bold around 9»\r, but the weak closing
cables caused renewed selling, which, com
ins: on an unwilling market, caused a further
break to 90\c. May was offered at 90'^c at the
close.
Corn was very slow and weak, closing; '/iSHc
lower.
Oats were weak from the start. May closed
=.' lower.
Provisions were dull and heavy. At the close
May pork was 10c lower. May lard 10'4c lower
and May ribs 7><>c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
I January 92V4 924 91 PI
May <•>-, 9114 90% 90U
Jc^rnNo:-2J c^rnNo:-2- B^;^ « m
January . ..' 2«H' " 2Z% '264 2*514
May 2!>'i 23VJ 2!>' 29
JU A y .—x." •••••••—•• sou 30^; 30 30%
Onts No. %— *-■-..
May ...'..." 23« i 23^i 2315 23V4
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1898.
July 22% 22Vi U% 22?»
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January $3 25 $9 25 $9 ITU $9 17' i
May 9 40 a 40 9 30 9 32>*
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January 4 70 4 70 4 «74 4 67',
May 4 So 4 &5 4 77.* 4 SO
Short ribs, per K0 Its-
January 4 55
May 470 4 72', 4 67»i 4 674
Cash quotations were as follow*:
Flour, steady: No. 2 spring Wheat, fC»;®
S7»ic: No. 3 spring Wheat. SlOMc; No. 2 red.
Sic; No. 2 Corn, 2t>Hi!j2ti\,c; No. 2 Oats. 22 s«c;5 «c;
No. 2 white, f. o. b.. 24» 4 c; No. 3 white. I. o.
b.. 23 s ; ©24 4c; No. 2 Kye. 45c; No. I Barley.
i. o. 1, . 204'5'JOc: No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 IS®l 22;
prime Timothy Seed. $2 774: Mess Pork, per
M.I, $9 2(i', ( ? 22: I-ard. per 100 lbs. $4 70; Short
Ribs Sides, loose. $4 4.'.<&-4 70: dry salted Should
ers, boxed. 4& 4 'iTf;<-; Short Clear Sides, boxed.
14 7504 85; Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon. Jl 19; Sugar, cut loaf, C 14.-; granu
lated. 5.51 c.
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels I.VOOO 15.C00
Wheat, bushels 17.401 26.000
Corn, bushels 422,000 112.000
Oats, bushels '....364.000 469 0-* i
Rye. bushels 6.00.) 700
Barley, bushels 75,000 17. ■■»>
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easier; creameries. 14«i;0c; dairies.
Hi? 17c. Cheese, quiet, SjiS'^c. Eggs, Steady;
frf-?h. He.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 34:».920 31. 5A0
Dulutil &1.314 12.991
Milwaukee 14, 9.10 '«iv»
Chicago "Jfi.fiOO 2."... '.!'.'•
Toledo 11.531 12.500
St I^uls IS, OOO 25.000
Detroit 10.431 2.J57
Kansas City 42.500 29,000
Totals 626.242 141,
Tidewater—
Boston s.c.fln 25.000
New York 100.825 go «<U
Philadelphia 3.SIS 62*5
Baltimore 112.924
New Orleans 115.355
Totals 163.216 334. 506
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 25 .V.< 10
Closing COW 5S CC
Flour-
Opening 2% 60 28 or,
ng j> 40 27 si
PARIS FUTURES.
Mar. May July. Fept.
Opening '. 7.1 *7 Vi { loii 6 5 "
Closing 724 7*4 610 6i\
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET
CHICAGO. Jan. CATTLE -Active and
prices steady and strong for choice lots. Sales
were at 13 C0'574 2."> for common to fair dressed
beef steers, up to r-\r 40 for choice to fan<-y
shipping cattle, the bulk of the st-*e r a crossing
the scales at II 30<?T5 10. There was a moderate
}-U><ker and feeder trade, prices ranging from
J3 20 to $3 30. Butchers' and runners' stuff sold
rather freely at slightly lower prices for cc.m
mon lots, while choice grades were steady.
Calves were unchanged
HOGS— Price* ruled stronger and mostly :..■
higher, the bulk of the sales being at $3 S7HQ
I «5. Heavy packers told at S3 4&4f3 «>. Prime
medium weight shipping hogs brought $3 701?
3 724.
sheep Bold anywhere from $2 75^3 50 for
the poorer kit:. up to $4 2'wi4 50 for good tT
choice, the hem declining 10015 c, while others
were ir.©2oc lower. Western fed Rheep sold at
•■■'■ *■■.■! 3.'». Lambs sold at $(vi", «5 for inferior
to prime lots. Western sheep and lambs were
offered In very large numbers.
Receipts— Cattle, 19.000; hogs, 41,000; sheep,
30,'«'iO. •
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1400
Market steady. Native beef steers, $3 709) SO;
Western steers. J3 •■■•■r4 30; Texas steers. $3ff
3 e.n; rows and heifers. $10063 80; canners. $"-.?
2 90; ■ fleer* and feeders. $?. -.. -4 50; calves
$3 7.'.T?fi: bulls and stags. $2 I d-3 60.
}]•«:> Receipts. 3700 Market stronger.
Heavy. j:-.i:-,.v mixed. $3 4*93 46: light
$3 Eo©3 :.:,; bulk of sales. $3 W n 45
SHEEP Receipts. "00. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 7094 40; fair to ' choice
Westerns. $3 60^?4 2S; common all ,i stock sheep.
$3 3Ofr3 M; lambs. $!•?.-, JO.
PTANBAB citt
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 10.— C.\TTLE-R»celpts
sn.r»Vi. yj..st grades steady: others weak Texas
steers. (3 20W4 20; Texas cows. 12 4>Vi73 «5; na
tive steers. %?. •"■■'?['.; native cow* and he'l'en.
11 H°5 4 20; stockers and feed. rs. J3'cT4 60; bulls,
HOGS— Receipt*. lO.cno. Market steady to a
shade lower. Bulk of sales. $3 3.".<f?3 55"; henv
les. ?r! 1 '. •': 69; packers and mixed. !.1 3549
3 574: lights. $3 30(93 55; vorkers. $3 50« 55"
pirn IMr3 25.
PHEEP— Receipts. SOW). Market steady.
Lambs, II U .1". 50: muttons. $3&4 80.
PENVER
DENVER. Jan. 10.— CATTLE— Receipts. 300.
Market active and strong; demand better than
supply. Beef steer*, J3 1004: cows. $2*j3 09:
feeders and stockers. $3 4O??4 JO. freight paid
to river: bulls, stags, etc.. $1 754f] 75
HOGS— Receipts, 2«. Market strong to Be
higher. Light packers. $3 4463 50; heavy. $3 33
'. " 40: mixed. $3 3093 45: bulk of sales. $3 IS
SHEEP— Good demand for muttons and
lambs. No receipts.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. in —Were it not for
the fact that there are many thousand tons of
wheat In the docks and warehouses In this
city and much more already purchased and
stored in the Interior, the grain shipping busi
ness would be almost at n standstill, for thTe
ha« been very little buvlntr for the pnst week
The top quotation for W»Ma Wniln is 73c and
for blue stem and valley 7«c and 77c. For mill
ing purposes a shade higher has been bid.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Waah.. Jan. 10.— "WHEAT— No. 1
club, 73c; No. 1 blue stem. 7Sc.
Cleared— Br ship Dlllard for Queenstown
with 73,419 bags of wheat.
rr»RTL.\Nr> - s hfsinfpp.
PORTLAND. Or.. .Inn. 10.— Exchanges, $4M.
402; balances. $116,703.
Fr>RF.ION MARKF.TS.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— following reports of
the London and Liverpool markets, dated to
day, have been received:
Consols, 112 13-165112K 112 9-1C.T112 11-15: Sli
ver, ;<; 7-16: French rentes. 103f i7«t-ci?in:if 10 c .
LIVERPOOL. Jan. I".— Wheat, dull: No. l
standard California. 37d; cargoes off coast,
nothing doing; cargoes on passage, nominal,
unchanged; English country markets, quiet;
French country markets, steady: Wheat in
Paris, weak; Flour in Paris, weak: quantity
if Wheat and Flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 2.850.000: quantity Wheat and Flour
on passage to Continent. 1,320.000; Indian ship
ments of Wheat to United Kingdom. 14.000; In
dian shipments of Wheat to Continent. none;
import Into United Kingdom for week, — ;
Flour. I&8.O0Q bt.ls; Wheat. 249,000 qrs.
COTTON— Uplands. 3'id.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot. No. 1. red Northern spring,
dull. ?•> !'' L 'l
CORN— Spot American mixed, firm. 3s 2«id;
January. 3s 2 x id.
Importa of wheat Into Mverpnnl for the werk:
From Atlantic port?. 42. vm quarters: from Pa
i-|fic ports. "<«V) (juartirs: from otlier ports.
Vi'< quarters.
Imports of rom Into Liverpool for the week
from Atlantic ports. Sfi.Si'K) quarters.
VISIBLE ORAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Jan. 10.— The statement of the
visible supply of Grain, In store and afloat.
on Saturday. January S. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is an foilows:
Wheat. 3S,SR3.Of>O bushels; Increase, 47,000 bush
els. Corn, 39.515.0fi0 bushels: Increase, 1.907.000
bushels. Oats. ]4. 772.000 bushels; Increase
2.2E8.000 bushels. Rye, 4,100.000 bushels: In
crease. 4",,000 bushels. Barley, 4,070.000 bush
els; decrease. 371,000 bushels.
LOCAL MARKETS.
BXCHAKOB AND BILLION.
Kirhanßf, 60 days — $4 j;;^;
Sterling Kxchange, sight — 4 jisii
Sterllnj; Cables _ 4.1
New York Kxchange. sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17V4
Fine Silver, per ounce — rt^,
Mexican Dollars 47 47^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHFAT-Th- Kolhurn takea for Cork 90.613
etls. valued at $133.63!>.
The market showed no change worthy of
note, trade 1.-lnc qu!et. both on and off call
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 iV.'a
1 42V4 for No. 1. $1 43*; for choice and $1 4?,<§
1 4iV* per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL. BOARD HALES.
I Informal Session -3:15 o'clock— No sales
Second Session— May. 2000 ( ;| . $l'3SV' 6000
$1 39; 2000. II Si',; 12.000, $1 33U. '■•".' **"•
Regular Mtirnlnjr Session— May— 16 000 ctN
$1 29; 4000. $1 m%: U.MS. $1 3S»i; "10,000. $1 3S-S :
14.000, SI 28>»: 4000, $1 3S*i. ■ ■■'.
Afternoon Session— May— ctls. $1 ?■;-*■ i" .
00". $1 38: 4000. $1 SS%. "' '
BARLEY— local dealers do not take
much stock in th.- recent rain?!, for they are
very firm in their views, and quote high*
prices for both feed and brewing. The latter
, Is in better demand on local brewing account
Feed, 9Q@92H;C for dark to good and 9jffj97Uc
! for choice: Brewing. %1 07K<gl 10 for No *1
| and Jl@l 0214 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— Xo sales.
Second Session— Xo sales.
Hepular Morning Session— Slav— 4000 ctl«
■ BCc: MM, Ss%c: MM, K%c. . . . .
i Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, SS?«c; 2000
; Ss*ie. .. .
i OATS— The market Is very strong and a
further advance Is noted in several descrip
: tions. Stocks are light.
Fancy Feed. $1 20@l 25 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 ISO] 17-,; common. $1 105 1 12Vi:
Surprise, $i:;<Sl3i; Red, $130^140; Gray,
*l 12'^l 174: Milling. $1 O7»4«rl 124: Black,
for seed, $1 30@l 50. Clipped Oats sell at $1®
- per ton over the raw product.
CORN— market continues dull.
Small Round Yellow, 97>-c'jisl per ctJ: Large
i iellow. 97»i«i«t.sic: White! M9MHC
** » K— tVn ! o =''-r>er ctl.
BOCKWHEAT— SI 3.-.<i*i 50 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 r-504 65; Bakers' extras. $4 30&4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In Backs are as fol
low. usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $5 per lt« lbs; Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flcur, $5 75; Cornmeal. $4 25; extra cream
do. $3; Oatmeal, $1 50; Oat Groats. $4; Hom
iny. $3 1003 30; Buckwheat Flour. $3 25<g3 50;
Cracked Wheat, $3 25; Farina. »4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls). $5 70®
6 90; In sacks. $3 75 Pearl Barley. $4; Split
Peas, $3 50; Green do. $1 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The higher grades of Hay have again ad
vanced and the market is very firm. Bran
and Middlings are also higher. The whole
line of Feodstu:Ts is in good shape for sellers.
• BRAN— 609U 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS $20924 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J2^#2l per
ton; Oilcake Meal .-,: the mill. ?2S 50329 50;
Jobbing. »:•(!; Cocoanut Cake, I19«20; Cotton
f-f ■! Meal. $29^30 per ton.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $13 50
916 per ton: Wheat and oat $12 SOT/14 50; oat,
$12*7 13 50: Barley. sik,,:^- compressed. $13<Jir.;
Alfalfa. $9 50910 50; stock $10®U; Clover. $10
©12 per ton.
BTRAW 309 He per bale.
BBAKB AND SEEPS
A further advance In colored descriptions Is
noted, and they are very firm. There is no
change In whites.
BEANS — Hay os, $2 90^3; Small Whites.
$1 159137H: Large Whites. $1 15^135; Pinks.
*! 75'S-l $24; Reds. $1 $091 70; Blackeye. $2 50;
Butters. $1 <ogi 50; Llmas, $1 6031 70; Pea,
$1 2501 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. $3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard. $2W2 £0; Flax SI Soi&2; Canary Seed.
2«;«i2\c per rb; Alfalfa, 6Uc; Rape. 2®2?4c:
Hemp. 3c; Timothy. su,c., c .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles" $1 25; Green. $1 209
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Pens nnd Beans are in good supply and the
c< Id weather Is acalnst tin !r sale.
There were Irirge receipts of Onions from
Oregon. Potatoes arc firm.
POTATOES Karly Rose, ■/•"■ r'<-:r '<-: River Reds,
4i"a4.-.c; River Borbanks. 659«5c; Oregon Bur
banks. TOOMc; Salinas Burbanka, 75c(ffJl:
Potatoes, 40900 c per ctl f"r Rivers and
rr./T.".'- r.>r Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes.
■r rt>.
ONIONB-C ::.?2 l(\ per ctl; cut Onions. $1 SO
»:. ler s:c k
VEOETM'i.es Ifarrowfat squash. $10012
per t in: Hubhard Squash. $l" ;'..' per ton. Dried
Pepper*. S(f6c pc, ib: Dried <>kra. ir,e ; cc a b
bage, *^'g7jf- per ctl; Carrots, 35900 c per sack:
<;arii<*. " -. 1 3 ' . . • per it.; Asparagus, per Ib.
tnajeles Green Pea» ':• Btring Means,
308 c for poor nnd 8914 c for good to choice;
■ ■' • ~ Green Peppers, 69&e per lb;
Bommer Bqoash. — ; v. K k Plant, — per lb.
POfLTRY AND GAMS.
A car of Eastern sold at : >4fHc for Turkeys.
*.-. M for Ducks, {4 75'g5 for Hens. $5 for young
Roosters. $4 60 for old do, $4 for Fryers and
$3 50 for Broilers. Another car goes on to
day.
Game was lower.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. I1f;12<- for Gobble** and 11®
124 c for H»ns: dressed Turkeys, 12ff13c per i'>.
GeaM, per pair, $1 ■-•.".'•il 75- Duck*. »4 r,0«6 50;
Hens. J4©s; Roosters, young, f ■■-■ 50; do old,
$3 6094; Fryers. }4 '■<■■<'■ Broilers. $4 604J3
for large and $3ff4 for small: Pigeons. $1 GO&2
t>er dozen for young and $1 for old.
GAME '.Mail, per do*. $1«1 25: Mallard, lifi
3 50: Canvasback. $404 »»; Sprig. $1 75: Teal.
$1; Widgeon. $lfrl 25; Small Ducks. 75c(f>$l;
Gray Geese. $2 50; Whit.-. Jl; Brant. $150:
Honkers. $4"t 50: English Pnlp». $1 7592: Jack
Snipe, fl; Hare. «i : Rabbits. $1 2^ I 50 for Cot
tontails and 7.".. ■■?.- $1 for small.
PtTTEn. CHEESE AND EGOS.
Butter Is weak nnd th»-e | F a large car of
Eastern on the market, which keeps thlnps de
pressed. Eutrs .-ontlr.ue I s>.a •!•• off, though
receipts nre not heavy.
BUTTER
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, 26t1274c; sec
onds. 2<i72".c.
Dairy -Choice to fancy, 23925 c; lower grades,
2Tff2240 per Ib.
Eastern Butter 21 ( i?22 -- per IT..
CHEESE Choice mild new, 11*71140; com
mon to good. BOlOc: Cream Cheddar. lOSIlc;
Young America, 114*?12Uc: Western. ll®12c:
Eastern. 124<ffl3Uc per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 2'-':274c per doz: store
Eggs. 21®23c; Eastern. IT 1 ISc for cold storage.
DBCIDCOUB AN" ITRI'S FRIITS.
Dealers are quoting lower prices for Oranges
and Lemons and 1 nth r prices for Limes.
There are no 'her changes.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Cranberriea, I7of per bbl; Coos Pay. Jl 60®
2 per box.
Apples. "•' ■'■■• >' per box for common, 50ciJ?Jl
for pood to choice and $1 25(iTl 40 for fancy;
Lady Apples. .Wiffll for larp* boxes.
Persimmons. 2.''oioc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Orances. $1 2'«?
2 2!>; Beedllnfrs :■■■•s!: Mandarins. JT;fl 50;
Grape Fruit. « -4 per box: lemons. 50cr»
$1 for common nd $1 25{T1 ',', for pood to
choice; Mexican Limes, *!"<!.". per box; Cali
fornia Limes In small boxes, 7.'.c; Bananas.
$1 25©2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, J31?4 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED Fl: 1
Prunes, carload lots. s\^?4<-ic for 40-50's. 3*itJ
3?ic for DO-60s, :\fj3>.;': for f," IV m. 2>;©2?iic for
70-SO's. I*is72i;c for - wm. l';©l\c for to-MO*i
Peaches. IO4Hc; fancy, l#^e; peeled, log
12'ic; Apricots. s©oc for Royals and 7-<iSc for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples,
*Vifr7c; sun-drie.l. 4^44c; black Klrs. in sacks
2ii2 I -jc: Plums. ■»' : Ti4& 4 c for pitted and liiiuo
tor unpltte.J; 1, 1,..-.. 1 Plums. SffS'ic; Nect
arines. 4Q5c for , rime to fancy; Pears. 2'^'a
4VaC for quarters and 3<a"sVic for halves, accord
lnK to color, etc.
RAISINS— New Raisins. 2V,-<J3c for two
crown, 4c for three-crown. Re for four-crown
BHc for B*edl« Sultanas and $1 10®l 15 for
London layers; dried Grapes, 2^c.
Cheatnuta are quotable at R@loc per
IT.; Walnuts. ' >"• for hardshell and 6@7c
for softshell; Almonds. 2 1 /i'B3 l ic for hardshell,
. r ><?ific for s<.ftf.h.ll and 7'lj^c for paper-shell;
Peanuts. 4 1 ?ir.> sr c for Baatern and 4>-. for c*U
fornla; Pocans. f ..'<;>«•; Filberts. SViOlOc; Bra
zil Nuts, (-r.'.- per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per
HONEY— New Comb, RifilOc for bright and I'd
7c for lower trades; new water-white ex
tracted, 4'i^>; Il ht amber extracted. 3\-i?4' 4 c
per lb. •
BEESWAX per Tb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. BHe per Kb for
Heavy. 9c for light medium, 10c for light. lOHo
for. extra light ami 12c for sugar-cured; East
rrn sugar-cured Hams. l<Hi@llc; California
Hams. !«'-.. Mess Beet, JS SO per bbl; extra
mess do. J3 SO; family do. fllftt; salt Pork.
JBSB 10; extra prime Pork. $9 50: extra clear,
116; mess, 114 £0; Smoked Beef. 11 Va 124 c per
tb.
LARD— tierces quoted at BVic per n>
for compound and 8c for pure: palls. Tc: Cali
fornia tierces. Be per rb for compound and 6c
for pure; half-hbls. 6'Jc; 10-tT> tins, 7c; do 5-Tb.
7Uc per tb.
COTTOL^NE— Tierces. sTi«t6'^c:5 T i«t6'^c: packages,
less than 300 n»s— l-n> palls. CO In a case. S'<,c;
3-lb palls. M In a case. SHe; 5-!T) palls. 12 In a
case, %v t c; 10-!t> palls, «In ft case. RHc; 60-Jt>
tins, one or two in a case. ~%c: wooden buck
ets. 20 TTis net. 7-.c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net. 7Kc:
half-bbls. about 110 lbs. 7' 5 c per Tb.
:: — — — r
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All kinds remain ns previously quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
at lc ur.der sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
10fcl04c per lb; medium, '■><•: light. 9c; Cow
hides. 9®9'ic; Stairs. Cc; salted Kip. 10c: Calf,
He; dry Hides, X,<- ; culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. 14({i'15c: dry Calf. 184720 c; culls,
l'.'.HT. ; Goatskins. 20<f(374c each: Kids. s@loc;
Deerskins, n »-\ summer. 2. r .!S 1 30 c per lb; me
dium, 20c: winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
•OW3O<; each: short wool. 40«j70c each; medium,
70.;• <!,-:-: long wools, SOcifTSl 30 each.
TALLOW— 1 rendered. 3®3Hrr per !t>; No.
2. 25i2Hc; refined. 6c: Grease. 2fj2>^c.
WOOl,— Fall clip— Middle counties— free. 10£
13c; do defective. 10©llc: San Joaquln. defec
tive. 7{r9e: Southern Mountain. 91Tllc: free
Northern. 12f71.ic: do defective. 9(i?11e: Hum
boldt and Merxioclno I3(i?ir.f; Eastern Oregon,
9J713c: Valley Oregon. 16«515c.
HOPS— OId crop. 2«7G0 for poor to fair and 8
tfilOo for good: new crop. 10-ffir.c per lb.
GENERAL. MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Pairs. 189S delivery. 5%
«j."V-: Wool Bars. 274r30c.
COAL— Wellington, $«; New Wellington, $8;
Southfield Wellington. $7 50: Seattle. $5 50;
Bryant, $5 50; Coob Bay. »1 "5; Ws.llsend. $7 00;
Cumberland. $14 i.O in bulk and $16 in sack*;
Pennsylvania Anthracite EKK. '15; Cannel, $3
per ton; Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $7 GO; Coke, 413 per ton in bulk and
{15 in Hacks.
SUGAR— The Western Suear Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
nnd Fine Crushed. 6"4 c; Powdered. 6%c; Dry
Granulate,). 5«4c: Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. r.%c; Extra C, sVic: Golden C. 6Hc;
Candy Granulated. 5T»c: California A. 5V4c per
lb: half-bbls ;%c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6ij@7c; second do. &4O
6c; thiid do. 4®sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. s«f6c; small. 6®7e per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6@7c; ewes. 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, nominal.
PORK-Live Hogs. 3*©3 Tic for large and
«*©«!»<: for small and 3'4©3Hc for medium;
eoft Hogs, 2H®3V«c: dressed do. 5©5% c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, .January 10.
Flour, qr sks ... 13.545- Pelts, bdls S3
Wheat, ctls ....100.K1 Hides, no 1551
Barley, ctls 2. 440 1 Hay. tons .... " '550
Oats, ft's 3901 Hops, bales 60
Corn, ctls l.M<> Brandy, gals .... 1.4 M
Cheese, ctls .... 37 Wine, gals 59.600
Butter, ctls .... 33 Leather, rolls ... SS
Beans, sks >. Raisins. boxes .. l"0
Middlingß. sks .. 240 Lime, bhls 221
Potatoes sks .. 2.706 Quicksilver, fisk. 30
Onions, sks 3.19
OREGON. .
Flour, qr sks .... S.9K Bran. ?k» I 4dO
Wheat, ctls .... 2.170 Middlings, eks .. "700
Potatoes sks .. 2.164 Shorts, sks 723
Onions, sks 1.133
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was nothing of any consequence new
In mining stocks yesterday, variations being
narrow.
• 'hollar is assessed 20 cents.
The Union and Occidental assessments fall
delinquent In office to-day.
The following companies report balances on
hand January 1: Alta. $522; Alpha Consoli
dated. J2ISS; Andes. ;1:; 1: , M: Belcher. $17,378; Best
ft Belcher. H*l»; Caledonia. $10.1S9; Consoli
dated California and Virginia. |W.«M; Chollar
5-461: Consolidated New York. HIS; Challenge
Consolidated. $135; Consolidated Imperial
RBHj Confidence. $5106; Crown Point. |7857;
Exchequer. $1088; Gould & Curry. $7>12; Julia
Consolidated. $2449; Justice. $1504; Ophir. |B7»;
Overman. $1676; Occidental Consolidated, $1015
(due bank on note $3500); Potosl. $4922; Savage
VTU; Segregated Belcher. $2242; Silver" Hill.
$1»18; Standard Consolidated. $45,33S In coin
and unused bullion valued at J20.425; Syndi
cate. $985; Union Consolidated. $2266- Utah
Consolidated. $2153. Nearly all of the above
companies have paid their December ex
penses.
The following companies report an indebted
ness January 1: Mexican. $522; Lady Wash
ington, $li«i3; Sierra Nevada. $3.*2; Silver King.
|Sui.
Weekly reports from the mines are as fol
lows: Consolidated California, and Virginia
i- ■■■ level— north drift skirting the foot
, '" "'" the Incline upraise, at a point IT>
feet on the slope above this level, baa been ex
tended 16 feet, passing through porphyry with
lines 01 quarts assaying SO cents per ton; total
length, fel reel Prom the Incline upraise No
1. at a point 112 feel above the sill floor of this
level, the south drift has been extended -: feet
passing through porphyry streaked with quartz
assaying &i cents per ton; total 1.-ncth, 117
feet ib.,M level— From the Incline upraise No
1. at a point U feet above the sill floor of this
level, from the south drift, which skirts the
footwall. at a point ITS feet In from its mouth
• rom the top of the upraise, which has been
carried up 49 feet, the south drift has been
extended 12 feet, passing through porphyry
and quartz assaying from »1 to Jo per ton";
total length. 91 feet. i,, the face of this drift
there Is ■ width of IS Inches of ore. assaying
iVIi Vl mV 0 "- Kr " m thf " old east crosscut on
the sill floor of this level at a point 122 feet
In from Its mouth, from the ton of the up
n«l,£ ?y? v ha " l>een carrie «l «P 30 feet, the
north drift has been extend-d IS feet, passlnK
through porphyry and quartz, assaying from
*i to J. per ton: total length. 7S feet. 1750
level— On the eleventh floor north from the up
raise from the west crosscut from the south
drift, at a point 20 feet In from its mouth the
east crosscut has been extended 11 feet, pass
ing , thro porphyry: total length, SO feet
Work here has been stopped. North from the
top of the upraise, a north drift has been
started and advanced 12 feet, passing through
quartz and little bunches of ore from which
we have extracted and saved five tons of ore
assaying ?40 50 per ton. The total extraction
of ore for the week amounted to live tons the
average assay value of which, per samples
taken from cars when raised to the surface,
was $40 E9 per ton.
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000 level west
crosscut No. I, started from the north drift
from the shaft station on the Kill Boor of this
level at a point 125 feet north of th.- shut
station, has been extended 20 feet, passing
through porphyry showing narrow seams of
clay and vein matter assaying 50 cents per ton;
total length. 762 feet. In the old Central tun
nel workings of the O hir. from the sill fionr
from the west crosscut from the Mexican
shaft, storting at a point 22. . feet In from Its
mouth, the crosscut baa been extended 11 feet,
through porphyry and clay streaked with
quarts assaying 50 cents per ton; total length
,W> feet .
In the Potosi mine they are making as good
progress in the Chollar-TVvtosl lolnt repairs In
the main In. line above the 110.1 level and the
main airway on the 100 level north of the up.
raise as circumstances will permit. They have
also employed the Cnnistock Tunnel Company
to make minor repairs and to; timber where
nece«snry the connection from the incline to
the Comstock tunnel on the icon level. On the
Tunnel level the Potosl-Rnlllon lolnt south
drift advanced 12 feet: total .length. "75 feet:
fnce In hard quartz and cutting through an old
winze or upraise. On the sixth floor of the
Fouth upraise, tunnel level.- a hoy» No. 1 cross
cut they have advanced the east drift W feet;
total length. 20 feet: face In quartz and por
phyry, the former assaying from $.", to $7 per
ton.
In the Ptiollar mine they are maklncr as rood
rro«rre«s in main Incline above the lino station
In the repairs and In the main airway on the
100 level north of north upraise as circum
stances permit. They have also emploverl th"
Comatoch Tunnel Company to make minor re
pairs where necessary to the connection from
the Incline to the Comstock tunnel on the 1600
level.
No work was done In the Comstock ground
of the Best ft- Belcher and Gould & Curry
mlnine companies during the past week, as
they were still repairing the Hornier shaft.
No work wn,"< done in Hale & Norcross
pround.
BRUNSWICK LODE— Con. cc a l * Va.. Best
A.- Belcher and Gould & Curry— level — The
lolnt west crosscut [mm the station on the
Best £• Belcher north boundary has been a.l
vanced 2S feet: total length. 83 feet. The face
Is in pori'hvry showing seams and vtrlncers
of quartz. The lolnt east crosscut, started In
the south drift. 420 feet from the station, has
been advanced 24 feet: total lenpth. 47 feet;
face In porphyry. West crosscut No. l. start
ed !n the south drift. 420 feet from the station,
has been advanced 24 feet: total leneth. 113
feet. The face Is In porphyry ' showing some
quartz.
• 'hollar- 300 level- The slopes above this level
present no material chance for the week.
They have reduced the force employed there
and are savlnr about four tons of ore per day.
200 level— At the end of the main south drift
3£o feet south of the north line or opposite the
surface connection they have started west
crosscut No 3 and advanced It 14 feet through
hard porphyry. 5M level— The west crosscut
has been advanced 17 feet during the week;
total lenpth. 137 feet, or 131 west of the foot
wall formation: through hard rock, 600 level
The east crosscut on the. south line was ad-
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Hoard yesterday:
Regular Session—
400Alta l?|300Potosl 30
100 Andes 1? MO Sierra Nev fio
2.'.0 Rest *• nelchr .. 47 100 Union Con .... Si
2OoChollar 2« 100 Utah OS
100 Crown Point .. 24 100 Yellow Jacket .. 3".'
SO Ophlr *>!
Afternoon Session.
300 Best * Bel.hr. M 50 Potosl 30
ISO Con Cal & Va.l 20 100 Sierra Nev .... fis
100 Justice f»|i".o T'nlon Con 3.".
200 Occidental 1 91 1 2"'") Yellow Jacket.. 32
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
"on Mta 12! 400 Crown Point ... 24
300 U 1 2P0 Gould & Curry.. M
200 Belcher 37 300 Ophlr ~
200 Best & Belchr.. 47 son 67
300 4*200 Potosl 33
WO Bullion 04 1 -"° Savage 17
300 03 1 700 Sierra Nev .... 65
200 (."hollar 27 ""0 86
400 ..'.... ~ 2«i200 Union Con 64
3.V>Con Cal & Va..l 20.800 35
250 1 224 100 Yellow Jacket .. 32
Afternoon Session.
r.no Andes 131400 Crown Point 25
200 Belcher 3.->!300 M
300" It "••"■> 27
TOO Best &- Belchr.. 47 >200 Mexican 24
,-,:.(' Con i'b. * Va..l -" .'•'»' Sierra Nevada.. fin
300 Gould & Curry . ■ i4OO Union Con 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 10— p. m.
Alpha Con .... 07 09 Justice 29 31
Alta 13 14 Kentuck OS M
Andes 13 14 Mexican 24 23
Belcher 3} 40 Occidental ....1 23 —
Best i- Belcher 47 49 Ophlr 56 67
lVnton Con ... 22 — Overman 11 13
Bullion 04 or. Potosl 31 2!
("hollar 25 27 Savage IS 19
Con Cal & V..1 20 125 Sec Belchr ... OS 0.»
Challenne 23 2", Scorpion — 06
("on Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nev «7 K:i
Crown Point .. 26 27 Silver Hill 03 05
Con New Yosk. — 98 Standard —1 70
Kureka Con ..25 — I'nion Con .... 35 36
Gould & curry. 34 S6 Utah oi» 03
Hale & Norcrs.l M 145 1 Yellow Jacket. 34 33
Julia 01 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Jan. 10—2 p. m.
'Bid. Asked Bid. Asked
U.S lionds— M E L C 0.... 13 ■ 13»»
4s quar c0up. .114 ll.'.'t: Oakland Gas.. r.".\ $$>£
4s quar'rcK.,ll2 — Par- Gas lm.. »2\ — '
4? quar new ..123 — r.ic I. Co ;,;,i, :,6',
Mlpcellaneou!*— S F G & E.. 94' 3 95
Cal-st Cab .'5.1124 — San Fran .... V 3*4
Cal El Li 65.126 1 -.. — Stockton Gas. 14*>8 —
C C Wat 55. .100 — . Insurance —
liup-st ex C. — 9S'j Firem's Fnd..190 —
EL & P 6s..l2!>Vi — • Bank Stocks—
F& «h Ry65.116 — Anglo-Cal .... .".61, .V?
C.eary-st R :.s. — 101 Bank of Ca1. .245 230
H c a i? 54. .102 i"7 ■ Gal s D & T.. 9!» 101
L A LCo 6».. — 100. First Nat 192', 2 —
Do gutd 6s. 99 101 Lon p& A 129^ —
Market-M 65. .125 — Mer ExchnK". 12* —
Do Ist M ss. 1134 — ' Nev Nat B 150 —
Nat Vl n 6s lsts — 100 ' Gcr S & L..1475 1620
NCg Ky .100 — ■ 'Hum S & L.IOOO 1160
NRy Cal 65..108 ii — Mutual Say. S5 40
NRy Cal 55. .102 — S F Say 1.. 475 —
NPC Ry 65.104V4 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry ss. 99»i — I Security v . 250 —
Oak Gas 55.. .104 — Union T *;o. 960 —
i Do 2d Is .111 112 ; Street Railroad—
! Om Ry 65. ...12.-, 130 ; California ....168% —
I' &<> Rv 6s.HO 115 Geary .. 40 —
P& CH liy.s 110% — Market-st .... SSH 53
Powel!-st 88...U0 124 Oak SL* H. — —
Reno WU-1,.. — L.i;, Presidio 7 —
Sac E!ecßyss. — 100 Powder— '"
s F &- N P G5.194%104% California .... 92til0iV4
PPor Ar 65..101»ii02 E Dynamite s. S3 "— "
8 P Cal «5....189%110% Cant Con co 3714 88
SPC Ist cc ss. KUIOI Vieorit 3% 3?i
S P Pr 65.... ins _ Miscellaneous—'
S V Wat 65..11!»£1204 Al Pac Assn.. 9!H-(100
B V Wat ta..ieZ%loß% Ger Ld Wks.loo —
Stock Gas 65. .100 — If C ft S Co. 30i£ 30\
Water— Hutch S P Co. 40 «0%
Contra Costa. 57% 61 Mer Ex Asn.. 90 — "
Marin Co 50 — Nat Yin Co .. — 7»i
Sprint? Val ... 997*100 Oc SCo 35^35%
Gas &- Electric— p c A F AL. — 3*
Cent Gaslißht. 98%— Ipae Bor C 0... 91 —
Capital Gas... — — IPar Paint Co. 6?; —
MORNING SESSION— 10:30.
150 Giant Powder Con 37 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar '.'." 30 00
120 Hutchlnson s P Co 40 00
50 Mutual Electric LlKht ....".'.'. 16 35
20 S F Gas and Electric 94 75
7." Spring Valley Water 99 S7U.
JIOOO S P of A Bonds 102 00 "
AFTERNOON SESSION.
125 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar 30 gwt
BOMutual Electric Light 15 »
5S F Gas and Electric Co 94 75
88 do .1 1 "' 94 8214
JIOOO S Pof C 6s Bonds 110 00
Street—
40 First National Bank 195 00
200 Hutchlnson SP CO . 40 00
JSOOOS F &- N P Ry Bonds ....' ........IlO* 6"4
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL,.
A Ar«, Jua T-L a , s^ ' - H Davta, Menlo Park
\t Mannon, I klah i ; Wanjraman. Watsnvl
Mrs Healey, Pftaluma 9 Thompsoni-w. Del M
B Levee* w.iValleJo W E Mack, Chico
A A. Barovich, S Jose F Kaufmann. Woodld
v- m v-"? ,- Portland •' T Moore. S Jose
£ M Welsh. Denver Miss Schaw, Sacto
E Hathaway. MiMpula I. A Spltzer. S Jose
,V " i? . ole. Portland F X Bpltzer. s Jose
Gl Morgan.! Duncans MH Field, St Louis
M liT S ROM - Sallan. Lodi
Hll i ho " las ' Nile, p Togranl) Pan uls o
M H Sneden Niles jP To*ranl. San Luis O
Ci rvi on ' '" k - '' (l " A<; Stewart. Crows L
M Oilpenbroch, Sacto H I. Roberts. Stanford
I !! 111 11 a * llman - Portland J M Dorrett. Menlo Pk
.1 . Anderson Jr. i. Ang L, Gerlach&w. Stockton
i ti-J „' hioa »° C Aull. Folsom
KB Turn J, isa ! ia I- Cassady. {v-aluma
nVv , > ,r^ } ortlan(l * H Denny. <■;<!
,',,,' '•""•vw. Sa^to E Kadner. Los Gatos
M ! v ,?• V' '"""' Mr " O«'*er. ■ < «''<"
Dr ii L ;•,' rtland •' w Bowen. L An *
n « Peteri. rrt*, rapt smith. Petalma
«' H Inters, \rekn w X Smith. Xapa
T • n-außhaa. Montsre J E R»illv, Pa!
Dr ß^ gSSgg [RB~wnlee*w.N.p.
RUSS HOUSE.
j X Rarnett & "■• Oak I • B Wahlall. Modesto
p^ d No rth^ !;; tgJto&ssr*
Mr 'I?' 1 ?' I " fio I % « >r "l '! Murphy. C, Valley
Mr, S¥ (*( * ?.; Col MiKS ' ' M Sullivan. Cal
« ' l ' llt ' in - ' Mar >s\-ille A .1 Phillips. r,ien
B Sheppard, California M E Ralph. Glen E!l
\\ Barron. Budavllle IR McOrath, Nashville
i Jannelii, Pemdale |.i Park. Nashville
.1 'Ini rs n> Ohio W P storm. Visalia
V n m', • in , HMfaPl i' ; Parker. Visalia
J n \\hltson. Idaho Mrs M Harter. Stocktn
J A Smith Sacto E C Itundrick. Oregon
EO Lutx, San r.ip K o m Wood. WhcaUd
V '■: '': ini 'n & w. Cal H Gillespie. Petal.
A Vice. Newport Miss «- Davlson, Peta
M, i m We '• rr ° rflll A c MrFarland. Hanfd
Mm .1 M£TnnlßM £ TnnlB A- d, F Miller. Wlllltts
it « ii'°t C H Cromwell. Porttd
H Srofleld. LosGatoa J M Creler. Idaho
T Nicholson X Orlean .1 R Sweetser. Navato
i. S^t?^r'* * v '- ''•'' •' X MiI '" - Copper Oit>
P F McManus. I. An X G W Hammond. Tular
LICK HOUSE.
W n Wheeland. <- a ; ,; X Porter, a]
rI. Sewall, I l UUP Mrs S X Sa K e. S Jose
A I! Ashley. Stockton A C Hnlllnan.a Mlsoiel
L M Culling. Stockton \v c .1 Duncan. Cal
O H Murphy. Stockton T Regan. Boise City
II <• Cotton. Stockton A G Clough, Merced
.1 Stevenson & w. Mo :H T5T 5 - Lewis. Santo
u^\ 'SL* WVW V ,° r ° TIor K an. Marysvllle
Ruth Hichy. -, Jose- R T Ulack. Sacto
W T Robinson. Cal T Frahm. Sacto
XP r lean. Sacto A M Gardner. Napa
Jlt Hroußhton. Cal :W \V Oates. Stockton
<: S Patton, S Rosa .1 M Anderson. Idaho
F Chandler Jr. Klmira X T Albert. Stockton
J R Lyons. Wash Mrs \V C Totts. Okdl«
M Chabot & f. Wash Miss Potts, Oakdale
Mrs H C P.ree.lon. Or L Ntcolovich X J
Mrs L D Grater, Cal R C Minor, Stockton
PALACE HOTEL.
W .1 Connor. N V IMlss X McHenry V T
j Wyper. Chlrapo . J Webster. XT '
A A Campbell. Xeh - Mrs J Webster. X T
I> Brown Jr. Fresno Mrs F H Hlnd«re. cc a l
IT M Merriam. Stnfd W- Gibson. Stanford
W T Tlohlnson. NT B X Veatrh. Chicago
.1 M Buck. Chicago c A Dolph. Stanford
C, H Gould, S Barbara «; W Brown. Stanford
F W Phelps. L Ane J Sliverst.>n. Portland
X E Stewart. Pt Louts R E Steels c; Rosa
Mrs A M Sheldon. Btnic E AVhtte. S Jose
W D Currier. Spokane JR c Havens A- w. Cal
H M Yerincton. Xcv Mrs G a Cooke. Ohio
Mm V«Tinjrton, Xcv Miss A Chase. Ohio
If S Kennedy. X V w T Young. Stanford
F F Peaboilv. Chicago L Ditzler * w, Gridley
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hlbernia Savings and Iyian Society to Anna !
M. Tobbenboske. lot on 8 line of Pacific aye- '
nup. 171:1 "> W " Goush street. W 65:9 by S I
.1. IT. Meredith and Colin M. Smith to Mary
11. McGaffin (wife of Patrick J.). lot on R line
of Jackson street. 175:1 W of Cherry. W 50 by :
s '•; degree, w 12S:11; $10. . i
I Charles A. and Mary A. Kin? to William C.
j I. mi'!. lot on E line of Webster street. 29:6 S of
I Green. S 27 by E '■'-:>'■. subject to easement of '
3:6 on E line of premises: $10.
Marcus J. A. and Winnie S. Spoerl to Fred- I
crick Haussler, lot on X line of Greenwich
street. 57:6 W of pierce, w 25 by X 100; $10.
H. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for
Jones. Allen ,<• Co.) to San Francisco Pavings
Union, lot on SW corner of Chestnut and Brod
erick streets. R 275. W 112:6. X 137:6, W 16' 6
X 137:6, E 27". trustees" deed; $7**)
Julia Beerhin* to Robert A. BeechfofT, lot on
X line of Carl street. 225 E of Stanyan. E 25
by X 137:6; sift.
Julia T'.eechinß to Robert A. Beechlnp. lot on
E line .of Lyon street, 112:6 S of Grove, S 25
by 137:6; Rift.
Charles A. Goodyear to Mary V. Thomas, lot !
commencing: 12:6 S from SW corner of Parker
avenue and McAllister street, S 12:6 by W 100'
$1000. ' |
■ William H. Harrison to T. T. Brown, lot on j
W line of Photwell street. 29:11-. S of Twenty
second. S 23:3 by W $6:6; $10.
John Duff to Julia A. A. Tucker-Duff, lot on
P line of Seventeenth street. 100 E of Diamond
E 2,i by S 7.1: Klft.
John D. and Eliza S. Tallant to Ktrkham
WrlKht, lot on XE corner of Emma and Stock
ton streets, being 97:6 X of Bush, E 110 by X
40. oultclaim deed: $10.
Winifred. Thomas. Edward. TTanora and
Dauphlne .Tcintnps. William K. Watson. Cath
erine Howls and Nellie Xorris (wife of J. Nor
risV to James I. and .lan.- G. O'Brien, lot on
E line of Capitol street. 150 s of Sagamore, S
50 by 180. block B, same, quitclaim deed: $5.
William I'rosbie. administrator estate of
Hannah Crosbte. by B. P. Oliver, commission
er, to Hlbernia Ravines and Loan Society, lot
on XE corner of Clinton street. 100 SE of Brv
ant. SE 2". by NE 75: $1104.
Hibernta Ravines and Loan Society to Han
ora G. Mathus. same; $1200.
Isabella T. and Harrison Barto to Augustus
R. Totheroh. lot on NW corner of Elchth ave
nue and X street, W 240. x 373, V. 120, S S F
120. R 3fi7; also lot on XW corner or 'Twelfth
avenue and 1. street. W 120. X 97. E 12*.3, S 01:
also lot on XW corner of Eleventh avenue and
L street, W 120 by X 50; $4000.
A. K. P. Harmon and Etta IT. Edwards to
James F. Ford, lot on NW corner of Tenth
avenue and X street, W 57:6 by X 100: $10
William J. Mann to William" J. McWhinney.
lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue, 100 S of
S street. S SO by X 120; SlO.
J. H. Meredith to J. M. and Anna Kinsman,
lot on W line First avenue. 105:6 S of Presidio
Reservation. S 7 by W 120: Sin.
Mary A. Lane to.Jereminh Lynch. lot on SE
corner Old San Jose road. 75 SW Sherman ave
nue. RW co. RE to pt. XE alonp lands 01 San
Jose Railroad 60. NW 05, block 6, West End
Man Xo. 2: $350.
Martin Markeson to Ada H. Schmidt, lots 1
and 2. block 3, Syndicates First Addition to
San Francisco, warranty deed; $1.
Mary McCormlck to John A. McCormlck. Un- j
divided one-third of lot on P line of Short
Street, 190:1 RE of Moss alley. S 58 dejr. 55 mln.
E 91:8. R 35 dec. 45 mm. W 123:4. X 54 de 20
mln. W r,S:2. X 20 dec E 120:9, lot 5. block 10,
Market Street Homestead: $350.
M. C. Alexander, to same, undivided two
thirds of same: $10.
William and Louise Rchwaarcke to Oeor>t
Hoffmann, lot on W line of I^arkln street,
T<!:3', S of Greonwich. W 95 by X 22:6, to cor
rect 1437 d 3^4. quitclaim deed: $1
Qewm and Anna Hoffmann to Emmanuelle
Villemeur. tot on W line of Larkin street,
C 8 •''- S of Greenwich. s 22:6 by w or,; $10.
HuVh X. and Nnflcy J. Lund to Morris Mey
erfleld lot on X line of Golden Gate nvenue,
151 W of Van Xess, W 41:3 by X 120: $10.
Georg-e M. Perlne .to Nicolas P. Perlne. lot
on BE corner of Chestnut and Lacuna streets.
E 137:6 by S 137 $10.
California Title. Insurance and Trust Com
pany to J. H. Claiborne Jr.. lot on W line of
Buchanan street. 70 S of Green. S 22:6 by W.
100; $10.
F. Kronenbertr. Charles Wlndhaus. Joseph
Rupert, Helena and Christina Wannenmacher
to Charles Hafcmaler. lot on S line of HaiKht
street. 115.6 E of Flllmore. E 25 by S 137:6: $10.
Pierre B. Cornwall to Sharon Estate Com-"
pany, lot on NW corner of Golden Gate ave
nue and Stelner street. N 137:6 by W 137:6,
quitclaim deed: $10. . "
Fernando and Julia A. Kelson to Euirene
Hoffman, lot on S line of Twentieth street
20.-. E of Castro. E 50 by S 114; $10.
Elizabeth Pfetffer to Ida 0. Pfelffer. lot on
NE corner of Sacramento and Waver! v place
X 47:9. E 24. S 3. E 12: S. S 44:9. \V 36:5; $10.
Hlbcrnia Savings and l^oan Society to Wen
ceslao Loaizo, lot on SW corner of Washing
ton and Taylor streets, S 110 by \V 137:6; $16,
000.
w'enceslao and Dolores P. de Ixjaiza to R. N.
Trobock lot on W line of Taylor street. 52;6
S of Washington. S 27:6 by W 137:6: $l<i.
Edward C, and Mary G. Harrison to Knte
Norton and .J<ihn D. Hatch, lot on NX rorner
of Turk and Larkin street. N 41:'.. E SO. N ».
X f'- 1 8 Mi« W 79:2; also lot on E line of
Larkln street. 137:fi X of Turk. E 137:6 by B i:«;
also lota IT: 1 -' to 1726, gift map 3: $10.
Kate Norton and John I>. Hatch to Edward
C. Harrison, same three descriptions; $10.
Eliza or Elizabeth Thompson. James It and
Rosie F. Gllmore U> Tlmmas S. Doke, lot on
N\V line 01 Freelon street. 223 SW of Fourth,
SW 2>i by NW M': $10.
Samuei Davis to Charles J. Smith, lot on R
line of Rhode Island street. liO N of Nevada. X
2S by X 2i'o; $10.
Hurli N liiind to Nancy J. I>und. lot on 9
line of Point L,ohos avenue. 57:6 E of West
Twelfth. E 25 by S 1"": Rift.
M. and Catherine A. McCann to Ki-n»st c.
Rlchter. lot on \V line of Thirty-seventh ave
nue. 27:. S of 1, street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
Joseph Dobacher and Wilhelmina liaumana
to William Tomsky, lots 1< and 33. block SM,
Haley purchase adjointiiK Hudson Tract; $1".
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination
I Pier.
Czarina Coos Bay Jan 11. 5 pm I Pier 8
AVeeott Humbldtßay. Jan 11, 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San V^'so... Jan 11, 11 am Pier 11
CityPuebla Vie & P?t Snd Jan 11, lI'AH Pier 9
Chlikat... Eel River Jan IX S* am i Pier 13
State of Cal Portland Jan IS. 10 am Pier 21
Coos Bay.. Newport lan IS. S» AM Pier 11
Pomona Hnmbklt Bay. .Tan 14. 2 P.\( Pter »
Oueen SanDlepo.... Jan 15.11 am Pier 11
B.lpio Chtna&Japan. Jan 15. 1 pm PM SS
Kxcelslor.. Alaska Jan 15, 4 r.M
Walla Wlla Vie & P Sound Jan If., 9 am Pier 9
Arcata Coos 8ay...... Jan IK. 10 am Pier 13
Homer Newport. Jan 17. am Pier 11
DelNorte.. Grays Ilartw I . Tan 1". 12 M Pier 2
Columbia.. iPortlnna Jan 18.10 am Pier 24
CltyofSyd Panama | Jan IS, 12 m PM S3
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Empire... ! Coos Bay.. Jan 11
Crescent City. Crescent City.. Jan 11
Coos Bay Newport Jan 11
SanMateo iNanaimo Jan 11
Czarina Coos Bay Jan 11
Walla Walla... Victoria and Pu&et Snd... Jan 12
President. Yaquina Bay Jan 12
Vl"""": San Diego Jan IS
Alameda Sydney Jan 13
Pomona Huniho.at Bay tan 13 ? ;
?? n i oa Nanalmo Jan It "
Del Norte (Grays Harbor Jan U
P r : ' t;l Coos Bay Jan U
Coiumoia Portland Jan 13
£ eru ! China and Japan Jan 15
l ]}" r ICoosßay Jan 16
\v ii1 *. Eel River Jan 15
Wellington : Departure Bay ..:..!Jan 15
iV^ 0t » jHumooldtßay Jan 15
Santa ßosa San I(1 so . * Jan IT
Umatill.-j, . .. | victoria & P et Snd ' Jan 17
A Blanchard....|Ore on ports Jan 13
C010n.... ..... Panama Jan IS
North Fork HurnDoidt Jan 13
State or Cai.... Portiana .... . Jan 20
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey
Tim^s and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent,
.v. T E ~7 he hlßh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
!J! en .! y . «. ye mlnute9 later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JANUARY-1898.
I l in l Pee. :Tl«n? Feet Time Fee , |Tlme
w H W ■ L W IH Wl L W
12 2:4 i! 5.8 8:W 2.4| 2:00
,i:i 8:18 5.] •.':!•; 2.11 : 3:Se|
it t 4i' .)._> 10:18 L&l 4:l&
10 4:80 5.4 11:24 1.1. 5:50
W •>■"■■ 5.8 W:3l| 0..v 7:281
U «:08 5.T I;.H.S 0.0 8:M1
L W H W L \V
4.U 7:4U| 0.1
4.8 8:22 1 O.fi
4.2 »:05 1.2
3.9 9:4S 1.7
3.5 It): 40 2.2
3.5 11:3 d 2.7
3.7 1... .
JH W|
■ NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column K ives the second tide of
and th' . he t thirfl . time. column t\e third tide.
£Lt'tMVif^tK£ I U rlKht hand colum n Rives the
last tide ol the day, except wh-n there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs The heie-ht*
■tarn. are additions tO the soundings- on he
1 rated States Coast Purvey chans. exce"t
Then th f >"V nUS h Fl£:n i ' ' P rece ««> the hPlKhtand
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
o.^ branch of the United States Hydro rarhtc
Ofllee, located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
Free f"e.\ ' thOUt ***** tO nationality and
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
oim-e, wf ere complete sets of charts and sail
ing, directions, (if the aroaM are kep* hand
lor comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained, regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce '
r. Th Z V, m hH " on top " tne building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Jtsin lid, ( i\ 1 . ;
A notice Stating whether tne time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any i 3i 3
published the same day by the afternoon* pa
pers, and by the morning papers the following
da >- W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, V. S. N., in charge
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydro^raphlc Ofrtcr. t~. S. X Mer
j'hants 1 Exchange, San Francisco. January
The time ball on Telepraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon
of the 12nth meridian, or exactly at S p m
Greenwich time. W. S. HI'GHES
Lieutenant U. S. X.. in cha-ge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. January 10.
■Wft J S5fc?SaS dmr '
2^ tm to m r rr c oo 8 a, c . S °to %°Tc^? from^eattle:
Schr La Chilena Campbell, 10 hours from
to > Rp2f* : H?wlSl bUtter 10 dre3BCd ho s.
Schr Helen N Kimball, Guttormsen . 95 hr
from Eureka; lumber, to Cnas Nelson
CLEARED. :♦'>-:'
Monday. January 10
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San l Diego-
Goodall. Perkins & Co. '
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Albion. Thwlng, Ensenada.; Gilbert
Clement & Son.
Stmr Pomona. Cousins, Eureka; • Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Nanalmo:
R Dunsmuirs Sons Co.
Hr bark Heathbank, McKechnie, Queens
town; Q W McNe&r. • • . •
Br bark Adelaide Mary. Owens. Callao: W
R Grace & Co. !......
SAILED. ■ I
Monday, January 10.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, Eureka. ,r>-''. ■,
Stmr Albion. Thwlnpr. Ensenada. i^\\ ..
Hr ship Kelhurn, Jones, Queenstown.
Schr Nettle Low, j_.ow, Point Reyes. : '
Schr Reliance. Hansen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOKOS-Jan 10-10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind KW; velocity lfi miles.
CHARTERS.
The Cornlshead was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe 31s 3d.
The Nor bark Ellora was chartered prior to
arrival for lumber from Hastings Mills to
Cape Town, 57s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Dec 29—41 N 32 \Y. Hr ship Ben Dears, from
Antwerp for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS. •
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan 10— Stmr Navarro
SAN" PEDRO— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Peerless,
from. Ta coma. • .
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan . 10— Br hark Fort
Caledonia, from Nagasaki; stmr Columbia, he
Jan S: stmr Alice Blanchard, hence Jan 6; Ger
ship Beethoven, from Yokohama. - — Stmr Sig
nal, from Seattle. ■ . . * . .
Sailed Jan 10— Schr Ralph J Long, for San
Francisco; Ger bark Palawan; Br stmr Teen
kai. ■-■ ■ • .-'T . ■■
CASPAR— Arrived Jan 10— Schr Maxim hnc«
Jan 5. . . ■
NEWPORT— Arrived • Jan 10— Stmr Tilla
E£i£ft2&Sag BChr Annle M Camp -
COOS HAY- Barbound Jan 9— Stmr Empire'
will probably sail on loth for San Francisco '
Barbound .lan 10— Stmr Bmpire ranUß ">.
POINT RKYES-Passed Jan 10-Stmr Pro-
Er^??^4.^ m Seatt 'e f "f San Francisco ' . ™
be^r l : R f?om V New l !o r t ** gggl P^rtha D°l-eSS?!^B^^^^^D ° l
eSS?!^B^^^^^ Jan w - Bete
BOWENS LANDING-Arrived • Jan .- 9-Schr
Newark, hence Jan 8 . .■- ■ r
POINT REYES-Passed Jan 10-Shlp Occl
•S«^nT o'SJoJi V P<av for San Francisco.
FORT BRA GG-Sailed Jan 10-Stmr Rival,
for ban Francisco. ■ r. -,• •
tpm AXT . A ., BARBARA-Arrived Jan 10-Schr
Eliza Miller, from Eureka. • .-:
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan in— ship Port
Caledonia, from Nagasaki, v:. ' .
■FOREIGN PORTS.
we'ra X roV l s\'fn R e7 Sail<?d Ja " Br Btmr Mlo-
KINSAI.E— Passed Jan 10— Ger shin Chris
tine hence Sept 28 for Queenstown.
r,^^^^m^:^ Au.tral.an.
T^gfasftsssi^ 1 io - Br shtp n^
■ QUEENSTOW..v^A"rrtve'd^Jan •-**!»
phrosyne. irom : Oregon; . v. .. v%' c" 1 ."?: .
FRF.KMANTI.K-Arrrverl Jan 6-Br shp Pat- '
terdale. from Vancouver ; - • ■.:. "r ■:. ""
aSSS^ l^^^^^^" «* St^ r
Pe\S^^Be^^ ed
goiT Ued Dec 15-CJer ship Beethoven, YoriOt^;' ■
Po^.h'n, lAI1 AI ? Ely(E lv( ' 11 Jan 9 - Ger bark":tfea"-
Falrcnlla, from Vancouver.. - ■ v' .•*; •■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
NO BURGLARS
TO SHOOT
Ludwig Warnke's Alarm
Causes a Great
Scare.
An Oiled Clock the Basis of a
Sensation in the Quiet
Town of Alameda
Grave Doubts ns to Who Sent a Shot
Through the. Grocer's
Window,
Oakland Office S. F. Call.
f'OS Broadway, Jan. 10.
Ludwig Warnke, the well-known ten
or singer, is now trying to distinguish
the difference between a burglar alarm
and the alarm of an eight-day clock.
A confusion oi the sounds emitted by
these different instruments a few
weeks ago caused him a severe cold,
gave Mrs. Warnke an unnecessary
fright and necessitated the repairing of
a window through which neighbors say
Warnke shot at imaginary burglars,
which Incident Warnke denies.
Mr. Warnke keeps a grocer shop at
the corner of Railroad avenue and Wil
]cw street, across the estuary. He
has run his store for a number of years.
Mf-re recently he has been annoyed,
and has suffered somewhat by t;j? dep
redations of burglars on various occa
sions.
During th«» past two yearn house
breakers have patronized his store to
euch an extent that he became tired of
th<» habit of waking in the morning,
finding himself robbed and reporting
the matter to the police. He decided
to make a change in his method of pro
tecting the store. H<» purchased a most
complete system of burglar alarm, and
bo thoroughly did he place these safe
guards around his store that the only
place a burgiar • could come in was
down the chimney, and as soon as he
stepped out of the grate he would even
then Ftart the alarm.
A gof.'d deal of sympathy was ex
pressed for Mr. Warnke. He is well
known. Is a popular tenor singer, ar
range; •harity entertainments, has tak
en part in several operas and is a sing
er at St. Joseph's Church in Alarm-da.
It was on the advice of several of his
friends that he protected his house and
store with burglar alarms. He moved
Into the dwelling m-xt to his grocery
chop, and the thief-catching system
was connected with his bedroom. Sev
eral tlm^s he tested th" works, and on
each occasion the most hysterical noise
■was emitted in his sleeping chamber by
the alarm bell. After taking these pre
cautions Warnke felt safe.
The other night there was a violent
ringing of the alarm in Warnke"s bed
room. Freezintr as it was. Warnke
Jumped up. grabbed his revolver and
went forth to shont the burglars. He
had previously, so he says, studied th«»
latitude and longitude and bearing of
every barrel and box in his store, fo
that he had no need to obtain a Hcht
to rush to the door in his wild rhase
for the thief. However, the usual ac
cident did happen, and if there were a
burerlar he escaped while Warnke was
paying his respects to his stubby toe.
Neighbors down the street heard a
few shots fired, and Mrs. Warnke
found a broken window, but her hus
band declares that he did not fire, and
that the shots were from somebody
else's gun.
An examination of the alarm system
found that It was Intact, nor had It
b^en disturbed, nor had the belt pound
ed. The police who were called in did
not find anything to Justify even a sus
picion of burelary, and Warnke believ
ed for a time that the store was haunt
ed.
A littl«» lator an Investigation was
made, and the sinrrer discovered that
all the troubles had he^n caused by an
old rusty flock which had been kicking
around the house for several months
Durincr the previous day to the sensa
tion which aroused the neighborhood
one of the little Warnkefi bad tried to
make th» clock cr 7 by pourlnar oil upon
the works. About 2 o'clock in the
mornine the oil pot in its deadly work
nnd released sufficient of the rust to
start the over-wound sprincrs and make
the alarm sound as it never sounded
before. This is the explanation given
by Mr. Warnke to-day.
But the people in the nniehbr.-rbood
are still trvlne to discover who fired
the shot that broke the window.
City Funds on Hind
OAKLAND. Jan. 10 — ritv Treasurer
Ollpln has apportioned $13.F>fin 56 to th°
various funds. The amount in each
is:
General, $34.951 14: saiarv. $302fi35; street.
$3256 31: school. J9OS7 43: htch school.
»f.R.?(5 S3: flr*. S3SM72: police. $79R2 28: free
library . $335« G3; flr*» and police telegraph,
$1566 68: oowcr. $2f*>s 95: street light *I<!.
536 47; park. $3023 SI: bond Interest. $7f.5702:
bond redemption, $11 .430 13; school .build
ing bond Interest, $11.S18 35: school build-
Injr bond redemption. 4 .770 29: po"ce re
lief and pension. $4331 63; funding, $3721 70;
urgent necessity, $224 99.
WILL SAVE
MUCH MONEY
Ladies Wish to Follow
the Grand Jury's
Advice.
Extravagance to Indigents to
Be Supplanted by
Economy.
Supervisor Wells Anxiotts to Do All
in His Power to Remedy
the Evil.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 10.
The recommendation of the Grand \
! Jury that some system be followed in
! looking after the indigents of this
county has borne fruit, and the extrav
agance of past methods will probably
soon be ended.
The ladies of Murray Township have
started a society which will probably
i result in a plan of co-operation be
' tween all the townships in the county
: and the Asociated Charities of Oak
1 land. The first meeting was held at
Llvermore Saturday and Mrs. Knox,
Mrs. Langan and Mrs. Pitcher were
appointed a committee on organization.
They reported in favor of Mrs. A. L.
Fuller for president, Mrs. Wendell Jor
dan, vice-president; Mrs. J. McKeon,
treasurer: Miss Pearl Pitcher, secre
tary, and their report was adopted.
Next Saturday the ladies will adopt the
constitution and by-laws and proceed
| to perfect their organization.
Supervisor Wells said to-day that he
would cheerfully co-operate with the
ladies of the organization in the sys
tematic distribution of relief. It was
Supervisor Wells' district while under
I the charge of ex-Supervisor Bailey that
j was criticized by the Grand Jury, and
Lromprises Washington and Murray
[townships. In this district $6000 less
60 cents was given away indiscrimin
ately by the Supervisor in one year,
and this is consl lered to !>»• too much
to bo distributed without any system
or organised effort to discover the mer
its of the claims of tho Indigent**
Sunday Night Burglars.
ALAM?:DA, Jan. 10.— Hurglars fil
tered the residence of Ralph Kramer at
2169 San Jose avenue last evening and
ransacked the place thoroughly, steal
ing some articles of clothing and Jew
elry. The family went to church short
ly after 7 o'clock and returned at a
little past 9. As soon a? they entered
the house they found that some one had
been there during their absence, as ar
ticles of clothing were scattered about
on the floor and things were in confu
sion. A search showed that burglars
had entered through a front window by
prying it open with a jimmy, after hay-
ing unsuccessfully tried to effect an
entrance through a rear window.
They had burned a great many
matches and l°ft them scattered
around, and had managed to find a
fiipii many articles of Jewelry and sil
verware. They must have become
frightened for some reason, for th-^y
did not carry off what they could read
ily have taken and only took a coat and
rest, a muffler, a ring and a lady's gold
watch and fob, the whole valued at be
tween $61 and $70. There was a Con
siderable sum of money in the house,
\fhich was fortunately not found by the
thieves.
There is no clew, but the burglars are
supposed to belong to the same gang
which has been operating In the sub
urbs of Oakland for some time past.
Lincoln-Avenue Condemnation Suit.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 10.— The condem
nation suit of the city of Alarvda
against the Cohen estate in the matter
of the opening of Lincoln avenue came
up again in Judge Greene's court this
afternoon and was put over till the
29th in«t. Considerable curiosity is
felt as to whether the Cohens will not
come into court and agree to accept
the award of some $.">ioo for damages
made by the commission and paid Into
court for them and abandon their op
position to the opening. It is not be
lieved that the commission would
again make so large an award, as the
values of real estate have materially
decreased since it was made.
Attacking a Will.
ALAMKDA, Jan. 10.— Last summer
Kdouard Louis, a saloon keeper of this
place, was accidentally shot and killed
by a companion while on a camping
trip to Sunol. He left considerable prop
erty, which was all bequeathed by will
to his wife. His mother, Mrs. Mariana
Louis, has now come forward and filed
a contest, alleging that the will was
made and signed by her son while he
was in a state of intoxication, and
therefore it is not a competent docu
ment. She wants it thrown out and
the estate divided according to law
which would give her a share. The
widow indignantly denies the truth of
the mother's allegations reflecting on
the memory of her son.
THE SAX FftAXCTSCO CALL, TTESDAY, JAXUABY 11, 189$.
FINE HEALTH
OF OAKLAND
Officer Dunn's Report Is
Full of Flattering
Figures.
Public Schools Said, to Be in a
Splendid Sanitary Con
dition.
The Growing City Needs Another
Inspector of Markets and
Foods.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 10.
The annual report of the Board of j
Health for the year ending June, 1597,
has just been published, and it shows !
that this city enjoys remarkable health '
In comparison with other large cities.
Health Officer Dunn says: "The
health of the city has remained at Its
usual high standard during the past
year. Comparison with other cities
shows that the death rate In New Or- {
leans is 23.34 per thousand, in N«W
York 21.52, San Francisco 17.08, Sacra
mento 1.".60. while in Oakland It is 12.22.
The very low death rate from zymotic
diseases was v marked feature in last
years report, and when our marshes
are filled in and drained and some fur- j
tber improvements made in our sewers
this will fall still lower."
The health officer commends the san
itary condition of the schools, but con
demns vary forcibly the condition of
the city prise in ;m<l th^ marsh land. "He
advises that in view of the growth of
the city the office of veterinary sur
geon and market inspector should be
divided into two offices so that the
work can be better looked after. Dur
ing the year there were 7G4 births in
this city, and 1243 marriages, while
there were but 733 deaths.
TURNING TO CATHOLICISM.
Rev. George E Swai) Declares That
Protestants Are Reaching Out
for Discarded porrr)S.
BERKELEY, Jan. 10.— Rpv. Georpp
E. Swan, rector of St. Mark's Episco
pal Church, who recently condemned
the local Protestant churches for sane-
tlonlng a ball game on Christmas day.
declared In his sermon Sunday even-
Ing that the members of the Protestant
PULPIT AND CHOIR TO BE UNITED.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— The engage
ment was announced to-day of Rev.
Kd wards Davis of the Central Christian
Church and Miss Alta Margaret Kin
gore. The pastor's fiancee is the so
prano soloist of the church and the
daughter of Attorney Miller Kingore
of 1017 Eighth street, this city.
The young people met two years ago
in San Jose while Miss Kingore was
studying music at King's Conservatory
(■f Music. Mr. Davis was lecturing in
that city at the time, and in his audi
ence was his future wife.
Miss Kingore is a petite blonde, with
pretty big blue eyes and soft masses
of brown hair. She talks easily and in
telligently, and is quite a favorite
amo-ng a large circle of friends. Be
ing musically inclined, they readily
found much in common, and their
friendship soon grew into love. They
churches "are coming by droves back
into the old mother church to find
what they have lost — true worship."
"Outside of tho Catholic church," he
declared, "public worship is almost a
lost art. The modern churches have
said that our ritual is a mere creed.
Interposed between a man and his God.
They arc finding out that if they de
stroy the outward and visible they lose
also the inward and spiritual, for the
two must exist together.
"God's house is not a concert or lec
ture hall. Preaching may be a mighty
force, but it should not be the object of
the church. To make it such is to give
a stone for bread and to encourage re
ligious coldness."
The University Reopens
BERKELEY, Jan. 10.— The State
University reopened this morning.
Registration continued all day and
recitations were promptly begun.
Twenty-five regular and fifteen special
students were admitted. Recorder Sut
ton and his assistants were kept busy
answering questions and settling the
more than usually numerous conflicts
in recitation hours.
PLAINS FOR A BRIDGE.
Board of Supervisors Will Meet as
Election Cororrjissioners
Next Mor>day.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— Plans and esti
mates for the rebuilding of the Web
ster-street bridge were opened by the
Board of Supervisors this morning.
There were three of them and they
were referred to the committee of the
whole, and Friday next at 9 o'clock
is the time set for their consideration.
The San Francisco Bridge Company,
Cotton Bros. & Co. and Johnson &
Peterson submitted the plans and esti
mates.
Next Monday morning at 11 o'clock
the board will sit as a Board of Elec
tion Commissioners, as provided In the
new primary law. At that time fifteen
names are to be submitted for the pre
cinct officers of election, from which
five will be selected at a later date.
R. M. Fitzgerald was reappointed a
member of the board of trustees of the
Alameda County Law Library.
FATAL FIGHT
AMONG JAPS
One Murdered at Livermore
and the Slayer in
Jail.
Tragedy In the Japanese Camp at
the Corral Hollow
Mines.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MM Broadway, Jan. 10.
Jxigai hie, a Japanese laborer, was
stabbed to doath last night by a coun
tryman named M. Ehara. The mur
derer is now In the Livermore Jail, and
an Inquest will be held to-morrow on
the victim. The quarrel occurred at
one of th*» Japanese camps near the
Corral Hollow coal mines, where there
are about forty Japs living together.
The men were employed picking out
slate from th al at th<j mouth of th>
shaft. They quarreled at their work
■ rday ami In the evening it was re
newe<L Both had knives and tho wit
nesses to the affair can talk but little
English, but i; is uncerstood that th^
men each show< d a desire to carve the
other ami that Ehara was the smarter
of the t\\...
Deputy Ooroa • Fiedler of L.lvermore
took the body v> the Branch Morgrue
to-day and Coroner Baldwin will go up
to-morrow to hold the Inquest.
Reliance Gentlemen's Night.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— Next Monday
evening will be gentlemen's night at
the Reliance Club. There are ti> be
two preliminaries and three eight
round go.-'g between Tony Wiltiama
and Fred llaynard, <■;•■< >rge Baker of
Denver and Jack BfcMahon of San
Francisco and Billy de Course/ of Los
Angeles and an unknown. The annual
election "f officers of the IteUance
Wheelmen will be held to-morrow
evening and will be followed by a. ban
quet.
Frostbitten Feet.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10.— Henry Nichols,
a darky about CO years of ago. Is at
the Receiving Hospital and will be ex
amined in a day or two as to his san
ity. Hi' was discovered at an <»arly
hour this morning- in Redwood Can
yon, by the King boys, in an appar
ently demented condition. His feet
were, raw in the bottom from walking.
They had been frost-bitten and then
placed in cold water. lie then walked
several miles, leaving blood at every
step. They were treated by Drs. Por
ter and Stratton at the hospital, where
he will l>r> kept until he is greatly im
have been engaged for six months past,
but not until to-day did the romance
reach the public.
The date for UM wedding has not yet
been set. but it will be a quiet home
affair, with only the relatives present.
proved, and In the meantime his past
record will be hunted up.
MORE AFFIDAVITS FILED.
W. G Paln)antccr Mak.es a State
ment Wrjich Is Corroborated
by Mis Wife.
OAKLAND, Jan. 10.— The suit of
I Margaret A. Given against Henry C.
Morris et al., to cancel a note and
j mortgage alleged to have been cxc-
I cuted under duress, was on trial before
Judge Ogden to-day. Last week the
i plaintiff offered damaging affidavits in
regard to the conduct of the defend
ants in inducing Mrs. Given to consent
to a dismissal of the suit. The defense
introduced affidavits in rebuttal, among
: which were those of Mary .Comstock,
George H. Burbeck, Kate If. Palman
teer, Mary E. Morris, Henry S. Morris,
"W. G. Palmanteer and Henry C.
Morris. These all tend to show that
\V. G. Palmanteer only acted for the
best interest of his client when he ad
vir-ed her.
This afternoon Judeje Ogden and all
of the attorneys of the case adjourned
to the residence of Mrs. Morris, where
her deposition was taken.
WILL BUILD A
" BIG C " FENCE
Berkeley Seniors to Inaugurate
Quite a Unique Cus
tom.
The Structure to Stand on the Campus
Eabt of the Old North
Hall.
BERKELEY, Jan. 10.— At an infor
mal meeting of a number of university
seniors this afternoon a unique plan
for a "senior fence" was devised and
resolved upon. The scheme is to have
the fence in the form of an immense
"C," similar in shape to an octagon,
with one side missing. Each of the
sides will be 16 feet in length, and the
fence, it is estimated, will seat in the
neighborhood of 100, or flve-sixths of
tho men of the senior class.
The project has been received so en
thusiastically that there is little doubt
that it will be carried out. A com
mittee will probably be appointed soon
to request permission of the university
authorities, who will undoubtedly sanc
tion the scheme. In all probability the
"Big C" fence will be completed before
tho end of the present month.
The fence will consist of sixteen foot
lengths of planed hard pine boards, six
inches wide by three inches deep, rest
ing upon rodwofTtl posts, six by six
inches in size, placed at Intervals of
eight feet. The fenre will be four feet
in height. An iron foot railing will
run the entire length of the "C."
The suggestion has been made that
in the future when the permanent
buildings for the university are being
constructed, a monumental stone "C,"
with a fountain in the center and stat
ues in the angles formed by th sides,
be erected by the alumni of the present
senior class as a memorial of the class
rf '98.
The proposed location of the "Big C"
fence is on the campus just east of
North Hall, wh^rc one of the recita
tion tents used to stand.
QUEER DETECTIVES.
Por^and Sleuths Tried a Funny
C«roe on an Oakjand
Attorney.
OARLAND, Jan. 10.— Chief Lloyd
has received a letter from the Chief of
Police at Portland regarding the $20
reward that the northern detectives
wanted for giving information to At- '
torney McElroy about his stolen type
writer.
The letter says:
I am very sorry about the way these
men acted in writing about that $20 re
ward. They have been reported to the
Police Commissioners for this and /the
natter is now pending. I am ever so
thankful to you for placing this matter
in my hands, as 1 never would have
known about it if you had not written.
I had a letter from Mr. McElroy and he
i wanted to know the store in which the
! machine was placed. I have seen Enter)
! at the County Jail myself and got the
I information from him and have written
I Mr. McElroy.
The machine has been recovered and
Chief Lloyd's part in the matter Is en
tirely satisfactory to the attorney.
Oakland News Noes.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10.— Mills College
opens to-morrow, after a three weeks'
vacation. The teachers are the same as
last year.
Numerous bicycles have been stolen in
anil around this city during: the past
forty-eight hours and reported to con
stables or the police.
Robert Turner. t;;t years of age, a na
tive of New York State, died this morn
ing at his home. 12S0 Fifth avenue. lie
leaves a widow, one son and a brother.
The Alarm-da Himetallic Club applied
to the Board of Supervisors to-day to
ascertain what political parties are to be
represented, and the number of each on
the (lection boards to be chosen this
month.
Miss Mabel Lockley of San Francisco,
who had hallucinations after constant
brooding about Dormant, was taken to the
Chabot Home to-day, the Lunacy Com
missioners, refusing to commit her. She
was brought in from Berkeley Saturday
night.
They Don't Want Stamps.
OAKLAND. Jan. 10.—The City Council
passed to print to-night an ordinance for
bidding the stamp system of trading in
this city. Many merchants appeared and
argued against the system, and there
wore also petitions filed asking that the
ordinance be not passed. There was a
warm debate, and the- measure was
finally passed to print, no members vot
lag aßainst It. A petition, signed by 27' M)
names, was presented, asking for the pur
chase of the Slmson tract for $150,000, the
owner agreeing to refund $20,000 to the
city after purchase.
More School flccoronjodatlons.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 10.— A meeting will
be held to-morrow evening at the City I
Hall to discuss the matter of further
school accommodations. It has been
' proposed to build a High School, but
there is a sentiment that it would be
better to build a new Grammar School,
as such a structure would accommo
date severrJ times ns many pupils as
there are no v in the High School, or
likely to be for a good while to come.
Invitations have been sent out to a
number of prominent citizens to attend
i and take part in the discussion, as it is
\ desired to have the plans well matured
before any decisive steps are taken.
Groome Was In San Francisco.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 10.— Last Saturday
the parents of VersMnald Groome, a
v.mnz painter of this city, residing at
i I^l2 Willow street, reported to the po
lice that he was missing, and as he
I was in poor health they were greatly
I alarmed concerning him. He turned
up all right yesterday and explained
his absence by saying that he had
gone to the theater in San Francisco
and had remained in the city without
thinking of notifying his parents of his
whereabouts.
The facsimile y^T y/f>, 7*" is on every wrapper
signature of M*y^^& of CASTOKIA.
Auction Sales
GRAND AUCTION!
THIS DAY (Tuesday*, and To-
Morrow, at 11 A. M.
MAGNIFICENT UPRIGHT DECKER PIANO.
Elegant Parlor. Chamber. Dining and Kitchen j
Furniture. First-class Carpets, etc., etc., con-
tained iv 6C' rooms of
THE LONGWORTH HOTEL,
810 Geary street, near Taylor.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIKI.D, Auctioneer.
60^ Market street.
BRODERICK AND
THOSE SIGNS
The Auditor Sends a
Strong Veto to the
Supervisors.
Will Not Sign the Demands
Unless Shown More
Law.
Contractors Will Not Get Their De
mands Audited Because of
Irregularities.
Auditor Broderick informed tho
Board of Supervisors yesterday that he
did not intend to allow the city to pay
for the street corner signs that were
ordered some time ago by the Superin
tendent of Streets for downtown cor
ners, and that if the contractor wants
his money he must look elsewhere. The
main reason why the Auditor objects
to allowing the city to pay for the ma
roon and silver signs that now adorn
the corners of many of the downtown
streets were set forth in The Call some
time ago, but in his veto to the board
he elaborates on the matter, and ex
plains his reasons fully. His letter is
in tho main as follows:
These demands I return for the reason
that I am unable to find any law that
directs their allowance and audit or
through which I can see any reason for
the charge being made against this, city
and count j.
The only law on the subject that I have
discovered in the search is an ordinance
of the Board of Supervisors, and known
as ordinance No. 1727, approved August
14. 1 9 >". "providing for tne erection and
maintenance of street guides throughout
the city and county of San Francisco,"
In which it is provided:
Section 1. AH owners of. real estate
cornering on the crossings or intersec
tions of any streets, etc., are hereby re
quired to erect and maintain at their own
cost and expense street guides. • • •
The Superintendent of Streets by this
ordinance has certain duties assigned to
him, etc.'
I do not find any power vested in the
Superintendent of "Streets by this ordi
nance to order street signs or guides
placed upon corner houses or buildings
and chargeable against this city and
county.
An examination of the bills accompany
ing the demands will show that the own
era of some of the buildings upon which
signs are charged for are amply able to
pay for tho same if the ordinance Re of
any virtue. The city has lately been gen
erally canvaHsed and many property
ownen have been induced to place street
guides on their buildings and have been
obliged to pay for the same from their
own pockets, and I can see no rea
son for drawing any distinction be
tween the moderately circumstanced
property-own«r and the wealthy. If tho
former has boon obligod to pay from his
pocket, why should not the wealthy and
millionaires, etc.. the same?
I look upon these demands as Illegal
and in conflict with the spirit of our laws
and form of government, and therefore
refuse t<> audit or allow the same. Re
spectfully submitted.
WILLIAM BRODERiriC.
City and County Auditor.
The Auditor also returned to tho
board, unsigned, warrants in favor of
Gray Brothers for work done fronting
on Lafayette square, amounting to
! $3578 08. and in favor of J. J. Dowling
; for work done fronting on Alamo square
1 amounting to $1495 35. He was unable
to find any law authorizing the pay
j ment of demands in the form in which
i they were presented.
EVANGELIZING
SAN FRANCISCO
Undenominational Revival
Meetings to Be Held
Here.
Mojor Hilton, the Evangelist From
the East, Will Lead the
Services.
The plans for holding large unde
nominational evangelistic meetings
wore discussed at the meeting of the
Presbyterian ministers yesterday morn
ing. They decided to invite all the
ministers of the various sects to join
with them in inaugurating these meet
ings during the time that Major Hilton
(the evangelist), who is now holding a
revival at the Howard Presbyterian
Church, is In this city.
One of the ministers stated that the
meetings would be an assured success
owing to the fact that it has been five
or six years since there had been an
evangelist in this city.
It was then decided that a committee
be appointed to communicate with the
ministers of the other denominations
and a central locality be chosen in
which these meeting* may be held, if
the other churches agree.
Major Hilton addressed the Presby- :
terian ministers yesterday morning,
and those that had the pleasure of lis
tening to him did so with marked at
tention. He spok,e on the converting
of those who did not belong to the ;
church. He stated that it was not only
those that were not of the fold, but also ;
the stylish member of the church, that
had no more faith and had God less in i
his heart than some poor old soul who j
had never entered a church. "If any !
of you wish to take up ..j.^sionary j
work," he said, "do not go to China or \
Japan. Stay right in San Francisco; j
or. If you do insist upon leaving home !
go to Chicago, New York or Pittsburg.
There are plenty of souls that need
saving in all these places."
The Bay Association met yesterday
at the Y. If. C. A. building and dis
cussed "The Methods of the Associa
tion." The result was that a commit
tee was formed to look into them.
Professor Moore read a most interest
ing paper before the body on "The
Stundist Problem in Russia."
There was also a review on "How
5^ fc* fe
WEEKLY AUCTION SALE
AT TATTERS ALL'S 721 Howard St.,
THIS DAY.
Tuesday ...January 11, 1897,
At 11 o'clock A. M. •
30 head of rood, well-broken Horses and Mules;
also Wagons, Carts, Lug-pies. Hamas*. etc.
A. F. ROOKER.
■ ' - -"■'-'■'i= Livestock Auctioneer.
Whitman Saved Oregon," after which
there was a discussion by the minis
ters.
A paper was read by Rev. J. Coyle at
the meeting of the Methodist ministers
on the "Belief of the Unbelievers."
The banquet that is to be given on
January 31 to the ministers of this city
at the Occidental Hotel was also dis
cussed at some length.
At a meeting of the Christian Minis
terial Association a paper was read by
the president. Rev. T. D. Butler, en
titled "Recollections of Spurgeon."
A STARTLING ERROR.
City Giver) Big Damages by Mis-
taKe, but thje MistaKe Has
Been Rectified.
In the caso c-f the City and County
against John Center a mistake has been
found and rectified that might have re
sulted in endless entanglements and lit
igation. It was a case in which the
city and county sought to quiet title to
a strip of land along the old Mission
Creek bed. The section had been cut
up in small holdings, and was occupied
by 209 tenants, who were made defend
ants in the action. As the property
was valued at $150,000. the City and
County Attorney, when he instigated
suit, demanded restitution of the prop
erty and $150,000 damages for unlawful
concession. Judge Slack, before whom
the trial took place, decided that the
property must be returned to the city
and county, but held that no damage
had resulted through its detentio-n.
Rhodes Borden, who represented the
plaintiff in the action, was instructed
to draw up a decree In accordance with
the findings of the court, and in doing
so he inadvertently concluded with the
words: "I^et judgment be entered for
the plaintiff, as prayed for in the com
plaint." This allowed the damages;
prayed for contrary to the decision of
the court, but as Judge Slack did not
notice the difference he signed it when
it was presented. Fortunately, no ap
peal was taken from the judgment, and
the mistake was discovered and recti
fied before the record became seriously
tangled.
Official Courtesy.
Lieutenant H. H. Noble. IT. S. A., aid
to Brigadier-General Shafter. yesterday
paid an official visit to Captain Kirby of
the British war vessel Phaeton and to.
Lieutenant de Stege of the British tor
pedo-destroyer Sparrowhawk. going on
board of the vessels named. The aid con
veyed the respects of the department
commander to the foreign visitors. In
each case it was merely a ceremonial
visit, in return for like visits paid by the
visitors at headquarters.
•^"*V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JUneJftl OUOKEARST J»T. Established
MPilr £t9» ln !*•"*■• f«r the treatment «>f Frlvata
al)r. Gibbon's Dispensary*
O—OKEARN'I" VF. Established
in 1*54 for the treatment'^ IMvats
Dlllt Mi n. Lost Manhood. Debility or
{mflgw^nLd wearing on bodyand mind and
*2aß£l&vSh iskin Diseases. The doctorcureswhrii
iSHPunH otbers fa.ll. Try him. Charges low.
(^BBcBS riire»cnarantrrd. Callorwrlte.
Or. J. y. ..IBBOX. Box 1957. 5 an Fra-oclseo.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FABF *5 First Class lucludins Berth.
TAttE <K2.50 '2tl Clnss and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. IS
Columbia Jan. IS
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
00 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
@iaHlll4 B.S. AUSTRALIA.
ihllnEC t°' HONOLULU only
rfc "" Tuesday. Jan. 23. at
U . I p. m. Special party
«,/ I' rates
SfryfnSnlfV' The S,S. ALAMEDA
CJiWlillJlllK fa 3 via HONOLU-
(nmPlfflU* LU nnd ATTOKT-AND
VJJllipuiCq for - SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. 3, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CA**B
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SIRECKELS & BROS. CO.. AgenU.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf jß^B^
San Francisco, as follows: fifcSjsfiae
For ports in Alaska. 9 a. m . Jan. 1. 6. ". ™.
21. 26. 81. and every fifth day thereafter.
For' Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Belltngham Bay. Wash.). 9
a. m., Jan. 1. G. 11. IC. 21. 26. 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C P. Ry- at Tacoma with N. P. Ky.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry.. and com-
■ pany's steamer for Alaska.
i For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
m ona, 2 p. m.. Jan. 1, 5. 10, 14. IS. 22. 28. 31.
Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos« Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo). Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a.m.. Jan. 1, 5. 9, 13. 17, 21. 23. 2».
an.l every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
! ford (San Luis Cjjtepo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anceles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a m.. Jan. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27. 21. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia ami Cuaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
2d of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to enans»
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hi-nrs of sntllnir.
TICKK " OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqus.
French Line to tlevre.
Company s l J ier ni=w), 4j .North ■ff-^'ar
River, toot of 2 orton st. Travelers <£ T<Til>
by this line avoid both transit by"™ 9 ™" 8 ™
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boa;. New i'orit ti>
Alexandria. KKJPt. via I'aris. first class $169.
second clas>s 1116.
LA BRETAONE December 11, 10 a. ro.
LA OASCOONE December IS, 10 a. m.
LA NOKMANPIE December 25, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. U a. m.
LA BRETAGXE January S, 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave .Pier Mo. 3. Washington St., at 6
p. m. Dnily.
FREIGHT REiEI\EL> L F TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and glr.
In? through freight rates tv all points on tb»
i Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
1 T C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY iiARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTOM.
Telephone M»-.in SOS Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Men.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
»-45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs>
Fridays 1 P- m., 9 p. m.
: Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. ra.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Green 2SI.
For San Joss, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvlso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sunday*
I excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturday*
t excepted) at S p. m. Freight and Passengers.
j Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
Ito San Jose, 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nortfc
First street, San Jose.
1112
CRUSHED BY
MISFORTUNES
Josie Kelly Is Now a
Wreck of Her Former .
Self.
A Year Ago Her Husband Was
Sentenced to Ten Years
for Burglary.
Sine© Then H~r Only Child Was
Killed Almost Before Her Eyes
and Her Sister* Have Died.
It Is an old saying that "misfortunes
never come singly," and an apt illus
tration came to light yesterday in the
case of Josie KHly who is in the City
Prison awaiting her sentence on the
charge of vagrancy.
About a year ago Josie'g husband,
Patrick Kelly, was sentenced to ten
years in San Quentin on the charge of
burglary. He and two others broke
into several residences on Pine street
and the surrounding locality. At the
time Kelly was arrested he w;is wi;h
his wife and as a quantity of the Btolt :;
property was found in their room she
was also taken to the City Prison and
detained fur a few days.
While K<-lly and his companions were
in the City Prison awaiting their pre
liminary examination, Kelly had pre
pared an ingenious scheme fur mak
ing his escape. < >ne day when his
wif-- called ui>.'n him she was observed
to secretly pass something to him. Af
ter she had gone Kelly was searched
and a key made of zinc ami an .-xaot
duplicate of the key for opening the
prison door was found upon him, be
sides four fine fll< s. It was strongly
Btispected that by some means or other
Kelly had obtained an impression of
thf- key and had eriven it to his wife
to take to a locksmith. As there was
no absolute proof of her guilt no action
was taken against her.
About this time Jonie was a tall.
handsome, healthy woman, devoted to
her husband. His sentence of ten ■
years came a few months later and in
March last while sh.' was living with
her boy. a bright little fellow of *ix
years of age. In the Brunswick House,
Sixth and Howard streets, she met
with her greatest misfortune. She had
Just left h*T room on the fourth door
to call upon a friend when the boy,
who was amusing himself by sliding
down the banisters, lost his balance and
fell to the basement, being Instantly
killed. A friend ran after her and
brought her back. She has never re- j
covered from th»^ terrible sh". k and it
was the cause of her downfall. She
nursed h^r sorrow for a time and then
nought solace In drink. To add to h-r |
misery a favorite sister died in May
last and two or throe months later her
other sister died.
Recently sh>* has b^en doing odd j"bs
in a saloon kept by Mrs. Gu^rs. 722
Howard street, but as her conduct
could not be overlooked. Policeman
Say arrested her about 1 o'clock yes
terday morning and locked her up in;
the City Prison on a qharge of va
grancy.
Sly presented a pitiable sight ns sh-">
appeared in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday morning. Her face was swol
len to an unnatural size and her cough-
Ing was painful to hear. She had no
defense to offer and the Judge con- ;
victed her and ordered her to appear
for sentence this morning.
"I am not a vag." «aid Josie in the ;
prison yesterday. "I was intending to
go to the City Hnd County Hospital to
day as I am suffering from bronchial
troubles and was in Mrs. Otters' sa
loon when the policeman came in and
arr^st^d m<\ Mrs. Overs and some
oth«r friends will go before the Judge
to-morrow morning and ask that I be
discharged. I have had my troubles
and It Is hard to bear up under them,
but I will promise to do my best and
all that I want is a good position where
I will be away from temptation."
AN ORDINANCE
CALLED INVALID
It Prohibits Merchants From
Giving Gifts to Their Cus
tomers.
Judqo Campbell Decides That It Is
Legislation Interfering With the
Liberty of the Subject.
A few days apo A. Swppt, manaper
of th" Great American T<-;i Company,
was arrested f'«r violating ;i recent or
dinance passed by the Board <>f Super
visors prohibiting the giving of prizes?
by local merchants to their custoi •
AVhen th<-- case was called in Judge
«'ampb<>ll's court last Friday. Sweet's
attorney entered a demurrer and moved
to dismiss tlie c;is.- on the ground that
the ordinance under which the com
plaint wns made was unconstitutional
and Invalid.
Judge Campbell rendered his derision
yesterday. In whicb be declared th;it
the ordinance is unconstitutional, on
on the ground that it Interferes with
commercial liberty.
••This legislation," said the Judge in
his decision, "is evidently of that kind
which has been so Frequent of hue— a
kind which Is meant to protect some
class in the community against the
fair, free and full competition <.f som»
other class, the members of Xh>- former
class thinking it Impossible to hold their
own against Bach competition and.
therefore. Hying to the Legislature
to sf( ure some enactment which shall
operate favorably to them or unfavor
ably to their competitors in the com
mercial, agricultural, manufacturing or
producing flelds. I>y the provisions "f
this act a nuiii owning articles of food
which he wishes t«> sell or dispose of is
limited in his powers of sale or disposi
tion. A liberty to adopt or follow (or :i
livelihood a lawful industrial pursuit
and in a manner not injurious to the
community Is certainly infringed upon,
limited, perhaps weakened or destroyed.
by .such legislation. It Is certainly
lawful to Bell, as In this instance, cof
fee and tea. It Is an article of food and
Is now one of the necessaries of life to
a lartre number of people. A person ph
sjaged as a retailer of coffee or tea
might very well think. that he could
Rreatly enlarge the amount of his trade
by offering some inducement to the
purchaser.
"It should be here stated that th<- ele
ments of a lottery do not enter into
the ordinance here in question, but
Order Ho. 14. Sub. .1, of the Hoard of
Supervisors provides for any gift de
pending on a contingent issue."
Convicted of Counterfeiting.
Stephr-n Rosenbaum. alia* "Pinkf-y,"
one of the notorious Ropers Kane of
counterfeiters, was convicted by a jury
Yesterday In United States District Judge
de Haven's court. . The charge was pass-
Ing counterfeit $5 pieces. The jury recom
m.nd.d the prisoner to the clemency of
the court. He will be sentenced next
Saturday. Rosenbaum was, one of the
gang tl^it passed the counterfeit money
on bookmakers at the racetrack.
ROBBERS CONFESS.
The Davis Brothers Will Throw
Themselves on the Mercy
of tr)e Court.
The coursp of justice will not be slow
with John N. Davis and Edgar L. Da
vis, hla brother, arrested recently f<»r
attempting to rob a stage on Christ
mas night near Willetts, In Mendo
clno County. Mounted on horseback
and disguised, they called upon the
driver to stop, but ho whipped up his
h>-rs.-s and escaped them, the robbers
firing five shots at him, fortunately
none of them taking effect
John N rode his horse into town at
full speed, and arrived there ahead of
tl\e stag. . This- was done in order to
establish an alibi, but it happened that
Miller, the driver, rt-eognized his voice
when he called upon him to stop the
staire. Ife communicated his suspicions
to Sheriff Stanley, and the Davis broth
ers were placed under arrest. After a
little waiting and when they found that
the Sheriff had a good case ngainst
them they confessed. They were taken
y sterday before United States Com
missioner Heacoek and identified, and
their cases will lie brought to the at
tention of the United States r.r.ind
Jury to-day, when they will be indict
ed.
The brothers will plead guilty of at
tempted stage robbery, and will throw
themselves upon the mercy of the
court.
fl Cook's Sudden Death)
John K. Low, chief rook on the steamer
Alexander Duncan, was taken with a
fainting spHl early yesterday morning
and was removed to the Harbor Receiv
ing Hospital, where be died almost Im
mediately. The body was taken to the
Morgue, but there will probably be no
Inquest, as the deceased had t>. cii suffer
ing from heart disease for a long time.
I.ow was a colored man. a native of
the West Indies, and 40 years of atr. . He
resided with his wife at :'" Bherwood
place.
Friends of the Children.
Thn annual election of offleers of the
California Society for th^ Prevention of
Cruelty to children will be held this
afternoon at the offire of tho body at 211
Powell street. At the present time thore
appears to he no opposition to the re
election of President Charles Bonntag,
and there is no reason to believe that
Secretary W. H. ParneM and his assist
ant. Mrs. Prescott. will be disturbed in
the positions they have held for the past
year so successfully.
St. Brendan Will Entertain.
A grand entertainment and dance will
be given at Native Sons' Hall on Wednes
day evening. January 12, hy the ladies of
St. Brendan's parish. An excellent pro
gramme baa been arranged. Colonel W
P. Sullivan Jr. will preside. The pro
ceeds of the entertainment will go to
ward the establishment of a reading'
room fur an organization in the parish
and the work done by the young m ,. n na g
already assured ;. grand success.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Tall, corner of Market and Thlr.l streets, open
until II o'clock every r.'.Rht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- J2T Montgomery street.
cr>rn< r flay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
XO li'ay.s Ptreet; open until 9:30 o'clock,
em McAllister street; open until 9:3) p. m.
Cl 5 Larkin street: open unttl 9:30 o'clock.
fc.'VY. corner Sixteenth and Mission Btrtets:
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh* street; open tmtli 9 oTdock.
1518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
ISOS I'olk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 3 o'clock.
MKKTING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No] EL A. M>. m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) 'EVEN- iV
ING. January 11, at 7:30 o'clock. M. 'l? jf
M. degree. By order of the H. p. /^/>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. .v- a. a
Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) Jk.
EVENING, January 11. at 7:30 n'chvk. iC jf
D 1. GEORGE J. HOHE, Bee 'V'
PACIFIC Lodge No. 135. F. i A M . ~
121 1.1 lv St.— Installation of officers _^rV_
7:30 p. in. X2f
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. /V^
THE funeral committee, th- • -:i-
cers and members of Germanla ~Xt f^sA
Lodge No. 116, I. O. C). F.. are -^^. *-^T
respectfully invited to attend th.> '*•■■*
fun. of our late brother, LUDWIG
BEHRMANN. on WEDNESDAY. January 12.
at 12:::". at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Sev-
enth and Market ata
L. M. FAHRY, N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER. R. S.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. •j\-ur-
F.— lnstallation and Important r «ftE.
business THIS (TUESDAY) -^iSf^
EVENING. Brethren pleas? at- *^wtW
tend O. GUSTAFSON. N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
UNIT Y Lodge No. I'd. K. ■■• P.. will if-
Install officers on THURSDAY v 15*
EVENING. January 13. H. sVsfT^
SCHAFFNER. G. K. of R. A- S., <<3gSrrJ
will also the same evening deliver his lec-
ture on "Laws of Order." All Knights are
cordially Invited.
C. BCHOENFELDT. C. C.
S. W. GATES. K. of R. *. S.
CELTIC UNION— AII members of socie- tt-js*^
ties belonging to the Celtic Union will VVJvJ
meet at K. R. H. Hall. cor. Ma* m « '■'' J/
and OFarrell sts., THIS Tl KSI >A Y. CCVfi*
at II o'clock p. m.. to consider forma- •^Bb
matlon of a Celtic division for Jubilee pa-
rade. THOMAS. F. HARRY. Pres.
P. 11. FLYNN, Ice, Sec.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific— The
annual election of directors and concllors
of this society will be held at the rooms.
Merchants' Exchange building, on TUES-
DAY, January IS. Polls open irom noon till
6 p. m. Liv order
GEORGE DAVIDSON. President.
JOHN PARTRIDGE. Secretary.
THE annual meetln- of the association of the
Hospital lor Children and Training-school
lor Nurses will be held at the. hospital. 3700
California St.. THURSDAY, Jan. 13. at 10 M
a. m. MRS. L. I. DUNBAR. Rec. Sec
EINTRAjCHT Spar ar.d Baa V<roin-The
I7tn Merles is now open and rabscriptlons
f..r tharca win be received by the s». r.-tary
on MONDAY and TUESDAY, January 1)
and it rmm 7 to M o'clock P. M.. at
i:intra.-ht Hall. Twelfth *t.. ahares |Mi,
monthly pajments, {1 per shar»; int.-r- st
h per c.nt. no pr.'mi'im
F. HITS. HMIDT. President.
HENRY GILLE, Be. retary.
DUTCH Mining and Milling i.'umpany- The
regular annual meeting ol the M.r.-khni.iers
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will be held at the rtrftcs ol th mpanV.
which office is now temporarily sif.ated at
Na Sl9 (aiilornla street, t'ity uml County of
San Frandsco, State of California, on Mi >N-
DAY. the 17th ilny Of January. |SJB, at the
hour or two o'clock p. mon s a ,,i ,] ny r ,, r tn<l
purpose Of electing a hoard of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
of cuch other liusliics:-- as may be hiuught be-
fore the meeting. Transfer hooks close Tues-
day, January llth. ly.ifc. at S o'clock p. m.
GEORGE W GKRHAKU. S.-. retary.
Dated San Kran.j> .<-n. January 6th. Is'jn.
ANNI'AI, meeting 'i'hf> regular annual meet-
ing of Btookfaoldcni of the Ocennic Steamship
Co. will be liH-l at the offlce of the coas-
jranj. :!27 Market rt-. San Franctsco, Cai
on Friday, the 21st day of Janunry. IS9S, nt
the hour of l! o'clock a. in., for tlie purpose
<>f electing a board of directors to wm f..r
the ensuing fear, and the transaction of such
Other busint vs .-•- Miay •- m.- Ir.f.rre the meet-
iiiK. Transfer inioks win .-lose on Monday
January lit, at 3 o'clock p. Da.
K. 1! BHELDON, Secretary.
TUi: annual meeting ..f th.- st.»kh.ldfr>-- of the
Realty Syndlrate will be held at th» office
if the corporation. 14 fia bbuiihi st.. room 15
San Frandsco, at '■: o'clock on THURSDAY,
January ». ISM, to elect directors tc serve
for the ensuing year. an<l for th<- transaction
of such otht-r l.v.si n. -.-.-, us may come beforo
the ineeting. .1 ( ' WINANS. Secy.
fHB regular annual meeting of the San Fran-
cisco Ladies' Protective and Relief Society
will lie held at tlv; 'Home.' Franklin street,
between Port and Geary. Thursday. January
13, ISS>J>. at 2 p. m.
ALJCg Hl'.oWN, Recordlnn Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the HtockhoiderTof the
Spring Valley Water Works will be held at
the offlce of the company. No. 126 Stockton
ft., Pan Francisco, at 12 o'clock, noon, on
WKI'NESDAY. the 12th day of January IS9B
to elect trustees to serve for the ensulnc
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may com.- h-fore the riveting
PELHAM \V. AMES. Secretary.
THE SAX FTiAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXFABY 11, 1808.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of San Francisco, herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted at the In-
stitution on Halk-ht :t. from July 1. IS>97. to
Jan. l. IMS: Rachel Crossley. 12 years; Neva
Crossley. 10 years; Eva Crossley, 2 years;
EttH Lithgow. 13 years; Sophie Semier. 13Vi
years; Emma Shoebrtdse. 11 years; Emellne
Burket. 5 years; Hilda Burket. I years: Lou-
isa Potts, 7 years: Minnie Potts, 4 years; Jes-
Fle Potts. 3 years; Delma enroll, s years:
I, Kile Borkman, 7 years: Annie Peterson. 13
years; Mabel Peterson. 3 years: Frank Me-
Kean. 2 years: Edward Burket. 9 years: Fred-
erick Berket. 8 years: Carl F. Berg. 11
years; David CottreU, 10 years: George liock-
man, 6 years; Albert H. Smith. 4 years.
PRACTICAL ship draughtsman and builder
open for encasement; designs, calculations,
all Information supplied to persons about to
build Yukon steamers. Draughtsman, 362 3d.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Asylum from July l. 1556. to December 31.
ii v .'T: John Carey, 4 years; Frank Carey, 5
years; August Collins, 3 years: Walter Con-
nolly, 4 years: Eddie Fallen, 5 years; Alice
Fallen, 3 years; Josie Stack. 5 years; Mary
Stack, 3 years; John Sullivan, 5 years; Frank
Sullivan, 3 years; Edith Gallagher. I y*ar»;
Hell Gallagher. 4 years.
THE orphans and half-orphans admitted Into
St. Francis" Girls Directory Orphan Asylum
since July I, lSi)7. to January 1. ISM, arc .. <
follows: Orphans Mary Bfiseno, age 13;
Cella Brlsi-no, L -.- B; Bertha SymoD, age 5.
Half-orphans— Mai •ii i Matthews, age 7.
Frances Matthews, age C; Adela Dobrogoiska,
ace 13; Victoria Dobrogoiska. age 10; Mirtle
Kelly, age 9; Bessie Kelly, age 7; Ida Kelly,
age S; Minna Klrby, age i.. Jennie Klrby, age
2; Ella Riley. age 12; Frances Camella. age
6; Maggie McOlade, age 11. Boys— William
Kelly, age 6; George Klrby, age 7; George
Lee, age 2; John McGlade, age I; Frank Mc-
Glade, age 7.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of ;l\) Lake st., San Francisco,
Cnl.. has received the following orphans and
half-orphan stria from Sept. M to Dec. 31,
ISS7: Catherine Gomas, aged 5 years 6
months; Ella <;<mn«. :iccd I years 1 month;
Pearl Lavin. aged 12 years 8 months: Harriet
Frances Lee, aged 7 years; Frances Follls,
aged 7 years 5 months.
MME. HANSi'N. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 118 Taylor Ft.
MRS. DR. FISH. 1014 C.rant aye.. rm. 2; elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS whitened from {1 and papered $2 CO up.
239 Third St.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
MRP. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. I20V» Geary st.. room 11.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
no Air, Montgomery ft., room I; t-\. SRSQ.
I»l\ IDENO NO 1 M I -
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society.
li'l Montgomery street, COl'Uei ..f Slitter. The
Board <>i I>ir.-it..i declared s dividend for
the term ending Dei emlw 1 It, IK'l. at the rate
of four <4» per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third <?< l-:< per cent)
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and alter Monday.
January 3. 1894
CYRUS W. CARMANT, Cashier.
CHEAPEST and best In America- The Weekly
«'ail. Sent to an] address in the United
States or Canada one year f. <r $1 W, i». stage
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
; FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse. Protestant, de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Slitter.
GERMAN woman with a girl 4 years old. de-
Flres situation: best references; country, $10;
good cook. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter.
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation;
1.. st references; city or country. Miss CUL-
I.EX, IS Sdtter.
NEAT young girl desires situation at cook-
Ing or housework, $10 to $15, up. MISS ■•( i.-
i.kn. 325 Sutter.
SCANDINAVIAN lady's maid and nurse girl,
best of references, desires a situation". J. it".
CROSETT & CO., ■'■:■; Butter st.
GERMAN Employment Office— MRB. LAM-
BERT. 417 Powell st. (tel. Main 5332). fur-
nishes best help of all nationalities.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes place for
genera.) housework; can be seen at last place
for this week, ISO* Laguna >t.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework or as housekeeper; good plain
cook; by the week or month; $10 to $12 per
month. 504 Howard st.
COMPETENT cook. German or American
style, wishes a situation. Address box &16,
all office.
GIRL wishes position to assist In general
housework. 774 Harrison st.
GOOD seamstress, understands dressmaking,
wishes place for upstairs work and sewing;
references if required. Address -if.' Xatoma.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation: cooking or
housework. 31 Lafayette st.. off Mission.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wish-* situation; K en -
eral housework. 751 Howard St.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework; good wages, Address 1503 Golden
■ Gate aye.
DRESSMAKER would like to do sewing In
private family in exchange for room ami
lard for a short time, r...x 515, Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes work at housecleanlng
an.l washing; $1 per day. 215 Vi Polk st rear.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do gen-
eral housework; good plain cook. G27 Fulton.
ACTIVE, mlv !i<--;, | woman wishes position
to assist in general housework. Address
northeast corner Florida and Twenty-fourth.
LADY would like to assist with housework or
children for home; good musician; speaks
German, French, English. -Address box 526.
Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation us
housekeeper for widower with children; will
do family sewing; write or call between 1
and 2 o'clock; references. MRS. WHEELER
1132 I'nlon st.
POSITION wanted by widow to cook (Amer-
ican), wash, Iron, clean windows: no refer-
ence. Cnll one day, early, at EM Post St.,
room 33. third floor.
YOITNG lady wishes a position where she can
attend an evening school. Address 427 Grove.
SITUATION wanted by young girl to do cook-
ing or general housework: wages not — i
than $2. 645 Jessie, near Seventh and Market.
STRONG young woman would like work by th»
day; chamberwork or lious> cleaning ; willing
and obliging; terms reasonable. Call or ad-
dress 72C*i Clementina st., In rear.
WOMAN wants work by the day In lodging-
house or sewing. Call 133 Fourth fit.
WOMAN for housework; a good plain cook;
references: city or short distance in country.
45 Clipper St., bet. Church and Dolores.
LADY'S maid wants -position to travel by the
Ist of February: city references. Address
box 533. Call Office.
GERMAN lady wishes work toy the day wash-
Ing, housecleanlng or nursing. Call 135 A
Sixth ft., rear.
COMPETENT woman wishes position in small
American family to do housework and cook-
Ing: $20 to $25. Bos ■;:•'. Call office.
GERMAN girl wishes situation, upstairs work
and srwing. 1022 Lark*n st.
SITUATION wanted by a very superior Ger-
man general house servant: an excellent cook
and laundress; exceptional references. 313
Hush.
SITUATION by a competent and well trained
child's nurse: the very best families recom-
mend. Bee 313 Bush.
WANTED By a. nrkt-claas chambermaid, a
place in city hotel; sleep home. Apply 951
Mission st.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to assist in light
housework. Apply 1173 Fifteenth, nr. Howard.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation: first-
class -cook; good, laundress; good city- and
country references. 345 Minna.
WOMAN wishes to do housework In city or
country. 761 Mission St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION wanted by a Danish girl; general
housework either steady or by the day: must
attend sight school: wages no considera-
tion. Address box ClO. Call.
EXPERIENCED Danish laundress wants work
by the day In private families. 17 Washing-
ton aye.. Viet. Mission and Howard.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements; prices moderate. Ad-
dress 10G5 Market St., room 19.
STRONG German girl wants a position as
cook or housework, city or country; speaks
English. A. V., 207 Montgomery aye., r. 25.
EXPERIENCED French girl wishes situation:
first-class cook or housekeeper: city or
country: best references. 137S Sacramento.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper by a quiet
domestic lady: good cook and manager; take
entire charge of home: small country town
preferred: references given and required Ad-
dress MRS. i;. S.. box 23. Frultvale. Cal.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
situation as housekeeper; city or short dis-
tance in country. Call before 12 o'clock. 1719 a
Eddy st.
MOTHER and daughter for the same house-
mother good cook and manager; daughter
second, work or care of children; best ret
223 Valencia.
BY first-class housekeeper: best of references.
A. N.. box 448. Call oirlce.
NURSE— Sick or confinement nurse desires en-
Sasements. Box 431. Call offic*.
SITI ATIOXS AVAXTED- Continued.
GERMAN woman warts w^rk by the day.
washing, cleaning or nursing. Call at 1*33
Howard st.
1-AI'Y barber would like position in Oakland.
Call at 967 Alice street. Oakland, betw-m
1 and 3 p. m
•27 M< 'NT. ;. <MI-:nvT"cor7"cTay— Open until 9:30
o clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
JC7 ninth St.— Branch ofnco~ot The CaSl:
subscriptions and want ads taken.
DRBSBMAKBB and seamstress. Rood fitter.
E6 cents a day or $2 s>> a week. M. W.,
box 410. C»!l office.
SITIATIOXi WAATEU-MALB.
CHINESE and Japanese; estab 20 years; help;
t-i Main 1937. BHADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE emploj mint office; work day. hour
or evening. 122\ OFarrell st. ; tel. Davis 6f>s.
CHINESE tttul Japanese Employment Oflloe—
Best help. 30 Geary st. T.i. Grant 56.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese end Japanese emp.
office 614H California St.; tel. Main 231.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414H OFarrell. Tel E. 416.
MAN and wife v.lsh situations on ranch, or
.!:ilry. Address E. T.. 22j Golden Gate aye.
JAPANESE faithful, honest boy wants i>..*i-
'■ ■" as i k. \\ . ii t . r ar-.l to d" housework. G.
H.. i:<:: Broadway.
MAN and wife whli positions on ranch. Ad-
dress '■:• Sf-.-,, n d, Room tl.
ALASKA— Experienced miner «X>od mechanic.
would like work her.- or north; will take
Srubstake on Copper River. Box 525. Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent coachman;
best rif.-r.'n.-.-s Box SB, < ; all office.
TOUNO n-.arrlod man f sood habits, refer-
ences, d^slr-s position; K",,,l around horses;
not afraid of work; In private family or atiy-
v. ! .re IJox EM, Call.
POSITION as ei.trv. bill, shlppins "r freight
< !.-rli, or any clerical position or onTct wosk;
best references. Adilress P. l: W . M Turk.
MIDDLE ased, s.ibt-r man wants work as
dishwasher. Call or address Peter Morrow.
OS Pine.
GERMAN, 27 years old. speaks good English,
wishes work of any kind; has had experi-
ence waiting, driving, porter, etc. Box 612.
Call Office.
MANUFACTURING; chemist wants position in
the city. 543 Turk st.
YOUNG man with good education and an ex-
pert penman, will give his services 3 hours
every evening In exchange for room and
board; can Furnish best of references. Ad-
dress T. H.. box 636, Call office
POSITION as watchman; can furnish secur-
ity; references, H. k. box 532. Call.
YOUNG German upholsterer' wants »-..rk 635
Mission st.
MAN about private place; coachman, gardener:
loves to keep place clear.; Scotch-Canadian.
Box 528. Call.
YOUNG man would like position as assistant
drusr clerk: 2 years' experience; good refer-
ences; city or country. Address L.. box 2,
Call office. Oakland.
BARBER, llm-class. wishes steady situation;
city or country; no 10c shop. Address; stating
wages. Ih.x 535, Call office
A NO. 1 baker arrived to-day from Germany;
age 23; wants situation. Address Baker. 651
Clay s=t.
REBPECTABLB young man. good worker,
wishes a position as third cook or pantryman,
or any sort of kitchen work In hotel; 2 years'
experience. Box (M, Call of lice.
GOOD VIOLINIST, experienced in orchestra
work, wants position as sei Old; wages at
tirst no object. Box 611. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED custom shoemaker, fine re-
palrer, wants steady place, either city or
country. 3465 Twenty-sixth -t.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class florist
and gardener: best of references given. Z.
_8., box 14. Call Office.
SITUATION wanted— gardener, with
best local references and 1." years' practical
experience in all garden work, wishes situa-
tion in private place Address box MO. Call.
YOUNG man wishes a posit I as ranch fore-
man: has 15 years' experience; can furnish '
good references. Address W. C. COLES. Ahl- i
born 1. •.-us.-, city. •
POSITION as watchman around a bank or j
store; will give {;•:. security nd references. I
AddresH box 437. Call office.
BY young man (German). t.> wash dishes, as-
sist In cooking, saloon or other work: city or
country. Address 11. VIE ITZ, 136 Sixth St..
room 11.
WASTED- Situation as porter or waiter by
an Englishman: be*t of references. Address
H. GAYLER. 253 Tblrteei th st.
339 HATES ST.-Branch~offlce of The Call.
Subscriptions .-.-. 1 ads taken.
FIRST-CLASS i iperhaager and painter, hav-
lng a complete outfit of ropes, etc.. wants
work. 1302 Webster st.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy. ITO. 22 Prospect place.
WINCHESTER . House, 44 Third tixT. near
Market; 200 rooms. Be to II BO per night:
II no to |(! per weekj ronvenlent and respect-
able; free bus and baggaire to and from ferry.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
■'" low Interest :••■■:, Harris. I.'. Grant ay.
raMALE I II : I . I » WASTED.
HOUSEWORK, Berkeley, $2": Baata Crox,
see party here :':?,ii: San I«ean«lro. $2": Vallejo.
$13; Brnlcla, $20: San 1:..-...:. ISO; 10 boose-
work Kirls. city an.l country, $20. and $25: 6
young Klrls. assist. $10 and $13. miss CUL-
LKX. 125 Butter St.
NEAT rlrl. $12. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
I REFINED second clrl. $20. MISS CULL.EN
i 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, 2 in family, $23 to $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
SECOND girl, $25; seamstress. $2o! miss
CULLEX. 226 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS. $30. MISS CITLLEX. 325 gut-
ter st.
!JM^P^° n »^'^ wn ch !' d: $20-
NURSE. 1 grown children; $15. MISS CUtr-
LEX. 225 Butter st.
WORKING housrkee^r. Ltvermore: $20. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
NEAT *-:!!"!■ , assist ■■"" ■■ companion; $12.
MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter i*t.
REFINED German second girl, $20. Miss
«'i 1.1.1 :n. 325 Butter st.
FRENCH maid. $25; French chambermaid. $25;
. French second airt. $20. Miss CULLEX. 3°5
j Suiter st.
I WArTRESS. |U per 111. nth; sleep home. MISS
I CULLEX. 325 Butter st
j COLORED cook. $20. Miss CULLEX. 325 fet-
ter st.
"'•'i i ! : , I --vIUKv lUK ulrl 2 ln ' family. 'i $li. MISS
' I LLEN, 325 Sutter st.
Miss ELSIE UcOOWEN— Please call or com-
mtmlcate with C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S '
Geary st.
3 WAITRESSES. -•.,..• country hotel; free
: fare.; C. It. HANSEN & CO., m Geary st.
WAITRESSES for hotels Int I Santa Cms Pa-
cific Grave, Marysville. Fresno. Sacramento,
,' J| ••■"!> and rare raid. c. r.
HANSEX A CO.. 10S Geary st.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses, city. $6 week; 6
waitresses. $15. $17. $is and $20: 2 chamber-
m lv^A" d » wnltr< '%s% s - $2l) nn<l * 1750 - C. R.
HANSEX & CO., ills Geary St.
FIXE Ironer. counfry hotel laundry. $22 60 and
found. , C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
GERMAN cook for M persons. $30; 3 cooks, $30
and $2..: M K lrls for housework. $20: 7 Ms.
housework. $15; German second (rtrl, $20.
■ <■■ R. HANSEN &- CO.. ins Geary st.
girt,. Devlsadero. $25:~p|" r i. Berkeley. Cal..
;.-■;, Bir l-. Jackson. BS: e-in. Eddy. $25; i r i.
Golden Gate aye.. $20: trirl. Washington. $25;
piri. raker. DO; ciri. Eddy. $20: second elrl.
ton K , lr , lt Sacramento, $20: e-ir». nro(V>rick.
$20: «rlrl. San Rafael. ?20; c | r |. Seventh St..
$1S; girl. Turk. $23: k!il. Washlnßton. $25;
32 Kirls, US; 20 r.-lrN. $*. $10 and $12 per
month, nice families: 20 German, 13 Swedish.
■ PaiUsn K L r !< - MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market.
4 NEAT waitresses. ~fiTn week; - 3~iTiriaT~ba^
kery. $4 a week: 11 waitresses, $20 and room:
F Klrls. small restaurants. $3 t.i « a week:
4 waitresses, US and room: 13 waitresses. $15
and room: 9 chambermaids and wait. $15 to
$20 and room: I waitresses. $5 ■ week: cook.
$/ a week: cook, $6 a week. MARTIN i
CO.. 74!) Market St.
WAITRESS. $7 a week; *lrl to teach 2 hours
a day; housekeeper, country: German or
Swedish second Kiri. $20. martin & CO..
749 Market st.
GIRL, institution, $15; ciri. Belvedere. $15:
Rtrl, San Mateo. $12. MARTIN & CO., 749.
Market st.
THREE German. American and Protestant
nurses. $20 and 53.".: second girl and laun-
dress. $25; French second srlrl. $20: 6 German
cooks. <25 and $30: c waitresses, hotels and
restaurants. $20. $25. »5 and $6 week: 2 cooks,
small hotels, $2.': 3 chambermaids, assist
waiting,- $15 nnd $20; chambermaid, plain
washing country hotel. $15: and' a law
number of eirls for cooking and housework.
.1 F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
AMERICAN woman as companion and maid to
an Invalid lady, must have references: $23 to
$30. J. F. CROBETT <<• CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GIRL for child of 5 years; sleep home. Calf!
to 11. Sll Turk at.
HELP Continued.
SECOND glrirsiC"cook~~s23-~houteJlrl. 2 In
family. $;».,; German house girl, $20. no wash-
ing: rn'.ddie-aged woman. $20; ynung girl. $10
to $12; cook. Oakland. $30; second girl. Oak-
land. ;2Q. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
■ RANCH Cook. $23: woman, light housework,
family of 3. $13, Am***: S houseglrls for the
i city at 5" : '" young girls to assist. $10 to $12;
chambermaid. $15; housekeeper, $20; cook.
' Oakland. «0: 6 middle-aged women, country.
MRS. NORTON', 323 Sutter st.
i SJ ; : ''" U ' 1 ' f'rl. $23: cook. $25: housegirl. 2 In
(?. my V f2;>: . German Kir'. $20, no washing.
MRh. NOKTON, m Suiter St.
, GKKKX Swedish housegirl. $10:- strong and
willing. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
WAITRESS for restaurant. $6 week, and cook
id. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter. '
! 15 WOMEN and girls for housework, country
places; Nona German girl as companion to
arty m the country. MURRAY & READY.
leading Emp. Agta., (»» and 636 Clay st.
WANTED-Flrst-class cook; no baking or
washing, for family of 2; short distance in
country, $2.. per month; chambermaid, nice
country hotel, $20; waitress, nice hotel, near
£\?-V-r $ ; fare paid: and others. W. D.
K\\ Kit a.- CO.. 62* clay.
; 5 niP Ui i AX cooks . *? : 2 German second girls.
W. l-rench or German second girl $25-
' S " : 'lT '«" S ' f '"" P home - **° ■ month: German
cook. $30: girl for Belvedere, Jir.; girl Ger-
man cooking. Alamcda. $»; German girl.
am lf. r , -'"; k an ' 1 siting, short distance
$20. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
WANTED— First-class laundress. $30; I~Ge r -
man cooks .young girls. $30 and $25: French
waitress. $25: French chambermaid. $20; Ger-
man aurse. $20: girls for housework and as-
—_- LEON ANDRE. SOS Stockton st.
A lnce n »n* 5O rf'; n " rßetlc ladle 3 of ROOd aPP^ar-
r^ll% to i? i:: On sn!ary not commission:
SpreckHsVuUd^g/^ r °° m 4 ° 4 - ClaU3
WAXTED- Competent Kir! to do cooking and
• rnn? \ hh ° uo^ork in family of 4 adults.
n.ar Baker! and 12 at 3 ° 32 Waahlngton st.,
X r!,T : ! rEN (TK^ operator wanted on Bonnas
machine, a. MUELLER, 131 Post.
S T^u NG o-r, r °^ P ? tant Blrl fo^Beneral house-
work. 2.12 Folscm st.
EXPEI'.IKXCEI) operators on butcher aprons.
--owns and bar coats. 422 Turk st.
I>AVHi -
OPRRATORS on " hirts: M. J. KELLER CO.,
1166-1189 Broadway, Oakland.
Y< ,'!,'; V ' : - '•" lv - KOO<I mincer, under 23. to Join
1"^1 "^ Ca "
T^rA^^uzr^%^L h :r- Tk -
WAN'TED-Clean girl, housework, cooking:
nat; si-op home; wages $15. 2111 Stelner st.
wanted- Girl from 13 to 1.1 years of age to
: take care of Infant. MO Twenty-fourth st.
1 GERMAN Kirl for general housework. 613 Me
Allistt r st . bakery.
BOOKKEEPER and stenographer, also type-
writer. 1023 Market St.
WANTED— waitress. 2? First st.
EXPERIENCED^ apprentice girl on custom
coats. 1044 Howard st.
APPRENTICE wanted for halrdresstng at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
GIRT- for button-holes on custom dress. CARL
MANXES, SO F..lsr,m st.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
good references. 1207 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED girl to take care children and
assist upstairs work. Apply 2400 Washington.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier; experience neces-
sary. Address box 534. Call office.
WANTED— An apprentice on custom coats:
good place, til* Jessie.
GERMAN girl for light housework. 32 Sixth
st . bakery.
STRONG young girl for housework nin »»slst
in bakery. S\V. cor. Eleventh and Howard.
STRONG young girl for general housework
_ $15. 1311 A Howard st.
WANTED— Younsr trlrl for lieht housework;
Sleep home, ion Buchanan st.
YOUNG girl to mind children: good .me and
clothes. 2C3H Clara st.
GIRL for housework and mind baby. Apply
1410 Hyde st.
WANTEl>— Competent German rlrl re- ronk-
Ins; and housework: references Cat! *to 12.
1123 Lmi;u:i:i. St.
GIRL to assist with housework. Call bet. C
and 7 p. m.. 120 Ash aye.
WANTED— GIri, German preferred, general
housework: small family; wages $15; refer-
ences required StEVERS, 1401 A Scott st.
HOTEL housekeeper; family select; must be
experienced; for far north; references. 313
Hush st.
seamstress and private family housekeeper.
$35; good manager and buyer. 313 Hush st.
WANTED— for 3 days. 303-307-311
Fifth st. .
EXPERIENCED apprentice on coats wanted.
4524 Tehama st.
WANTED for general housework experi-
enced girl; German cooking: small family.
Call 21&7 Devlsadero St., near Clay.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— Good girl of IS years to take care
of children; $:. a month; good home. 66
Minna st.
GIRL for general housework in small German
family; $13. Apply 34C1 Geary st. .
GOOD girl for cooking and general house-
work; $20; I in family. Call. 536 Union st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for housework.
71G Green st.
WANTED— A young girl to care for child 6
years old. Apply 1.'.22 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing: call morning. I*2* Sutter.
WANTED— An experienced cook with refer-
ences: apply forenoons. 22"2 Jackson.
GIRL to assist In light housework and care of
baby. 737 Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vesta, also ap-
prentlce. 956 Mission.
GERMAN girl for- general housework and
cooking. 419 Oak St.
EXPERIENCED woman to take entire charge
as working housekeeper: small family ;must
be good cook; Protestant preferred. Call
Monday bet. 9 and 12. 4118 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts: also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons: will also
take a few Inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove Ms.
LADIES In trouble consult DR. SMITH. 150S
Market St.. 1 to 4. 7 to S p. m.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the best place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut 23c up. 103 Post.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. Ills Market
st : monthly troubles, etc. One* visit sufficient.
300 OPERATORS on steam sewing machines.
to make I.evl Strauss- & Co.'s riveted cloth-
Ing Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, Super-
intendent. 32'; Fremont st.
LOT of «ncalled-ior shoes from 25c up to $1 23.
E62 Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, solelng. 3f.c. men's shoes. sole-
Ing. EOc.: all repairing done at half the usual
price. C 62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under- !
wear; inexperienced hands taken and taught.
Lev! Strauss & Co.. 321«£ Fremont at.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting School. 1073 Mar-
ket St.; a perfect fit guaranteed without try-
ing on; call and be convinced.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAITED.
MAN cook, small restaurant, $30. MISS CUlr-
L.EN. 325 Batter st. . "
\V A NTED— Driver for delivery wagon, $35 and
found: must lie single, with city experience
and references: engineer for Institution near
city, must make electrical repairs, fit pipes,
etc.: references required; must be single;
salary $. per month, with board, lodging and
washing; working foreman on ranch near city,
$30 and found; 2 woodchoppers. San Mateo
County. $1 40 per cord: ranch cook, $20:
. farmers, milkers, " choremen, etc W. D
EWER &' CO. C 26 Clay st.
WANTED— first-class sjnsrle-hand miners. $3
a day. ; Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
■WANTED— 3 coal miners b'- ton: oil salesman:
farmer who can run Incubator. $25: restau-
rant cook for country. $25 and found: second
cook, $45: oysterman. cook and waiter. $S a
week, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
I WAITERS, same hotel. $60 and room: waiter
oyster house. $35; 9 waiters. $5 to $7 a week
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
C I/AT.ORERS for quarry. $r7iTa day. call
early; washer, clean ham-™ and drive hack.
V'! and . room. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and
613 Clay st.
BRIGHT salesman: outside work; half profits.
Union Mfu. <:r>.. 1020 Market st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ENGINEER for a large plant: must under-
stand cold storage system, ammonia process;
also dynamos and Incandescent and arc
lighting: a thorough all-round man: call be-
!<re 11 a. in. with letters. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. ins Geary st.
2 FIRST-CLASS house paint. -rs. indoor work,
$150 a day, board and room; job about two |
months: see party here at 10 a. m. C. R. i
HANSEN ft Co.. MB Geary et.
I 6 first-class colored waiters, with good
wardrobes, country hotel. $■.'"> anil room; fares '
| advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary. ■
: PORTER, country hotel; bellboy with refer- j
I ences. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
SECOND coOK. ?."n ; dishwasher. $25; kitchen
hand, country hotel, S2"; waiter, country ho-
tel, $2.1. c. R. HANSEN A <•<>.. KM Geary st.
10 PRUNERS wanted for a vineyard: 3 farm
hands. $20: 20 woodchoppers. $1 ITj cord; paper
hanger, city Job; stableman. $2j and found;
2."i tie-makers; 25 families to cut w i. MUR-
RAY ft READY, (34-638 ciay st.: phone 3848.
5 WAITERS for mines, hotels, etc . ??r, and
130; waiter boy. $15; trunk maker. MI'R-
RAT .»: READY, fi34 -»:26 Clay st.
IRONER for St. Clair machine, $36 ar.d found.
fare paid: photographer. MURRAY &
READY, tCI and 636 Clay St. Telephone
Main 5848.
RECRUITS wanted for th- fnited States
marine corps, I'nited States navy; ablf- I
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of ;
21 ami "" years, who are citizens of the
I'nited States, or those who have legally de-
clare. l their Intention to become such; must '
be of p. .0.l character and habits nnd able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
t\wen 5 feet 5 inches and G feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
CARPENTER wanted to rent house of four
rooms and bath and carpenter shop and at-
tend to customers till owner returns from
Klondike; references required ; rent $10. B.
MARTIN. 12 Bache st.nr.St. Marys College, j
GOOD st'>ndy barber wanted; wages and guar-
antee. U'ii7 Scott st.
$Si- Barber-shop near Market and Kearny;
d sara $20 weekly. STRAND. 23 Kearny Bt.
WANTED— Physician to work in high-class
advertising institution: must b» a man of
. more thaji ordinary ability; state particulars.
Box MV Call
6 good men for quarry work to-flay; call early.
U>23 Market Ht.
ERRAND-BOY. 1044 Howard street.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; choice help
furnished. 9 Powell St., room 2; tel. Clay 7R3.
WANTED- Energetic young man to canvass
city trade for a millinery house; must fur-
nish good reference. Address box JS3O, Call.
wanted Sheet iron worker. < all HOL-
BROOK. MERRILL & STETSON^
STEADY young coatmaker; call early. 216
Kearny st.. room 7.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for south and
coast; good wages. 2<5 Steuart st.
WANTED- Piano player: dance hall; wages $30 !
per month and found. Apply 4ti Pennsylvania
St.. Yallejo, Cal.
BOOKKEEPER for general store, willing to
assist at counter. ln:s Washington. Oakland.
PIANO house salesman, acquainted with In- '
stallment business; permanent. 313 Bush st. •
OFFICE principal; good correspondent; perma- j
nent place at good salary. 101S Washington j
St., Oakland.
FIRST-" 'LASS waiter and oyster opener; im- j
mediately. M. B. MORAGHAN, 6S California !
Market.
WANTED— Dishwasher, at 1504 Kentucky st.,
Potrero, Reldy*a Hotel.
WANTED— Men and women to work at home; !
I pay $s to $16 per week for making crayon
portraits; new patent method; any one who
can read or write can do th? work, at home.
In spare time, day or evening: send for par-
ticulars at once. H. A. GRIPP, German Ar-
tist. Tyrone. Pa.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BARBER ship for sale; s chairs. 770 Market.
WANTED — A sheep ranch manager; the ranr-h
Is large and centrally located; grain and hay
are products; manager must be experienced
and a g0..,j business man; none others need
apply* and advertiser will not undertake to
answer all letters; state a^f. experience and
I qualifications, family. If any. etc. Address
i: \ 4iiv Call Office.
PIPE organ DOllder wanted. THOMAS w7
WHALLEY, Bear Ashby station, Berkeley.
WANTED— An experienced • % - '•.-••. in.
Hrownstone Wine. Company. 331 Ellis st.
E SIMon wants 100 men to get bottle beer
or wine. Be; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
WANTED— An experienced valet, who also un-
derstands a butler's duties. Address, gtving
recommendations, box 402. call office.
ROSEDALE House. 3^l EUls— Roome 25c to $1 !
night; $1 to $1 week: hot and cold baths.
BAILORS ana ordinary seamen wanted at I
LANE'S. 601 Davis St., near Jackson.
2000 pairs shoes — Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged: at less than one- ,
fourth their value; from 25c to $2 50. 563
Mission st.. b«>t. First and Pecond sts.
WANTED— At Montana Housa, 764H Mission: '
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near ;
Market; 200 rooms, 2r-c2 r -c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus ani baggage to and from the ferry, i
MEN'S BOleing, 50c; ladies'. 40c; while you
wait. 63S Market; branch. 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call:
want ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13S<^ Eighth.
eiu LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night. 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard.
ELCHO House. SC3 I - Market st.— Rooms 20c..
Jsc to EOc nie-ht: $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS, ttc to 70c per night: 50c to $1 60 per j
week Oriental. 22." Prumm at.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and '
clerks. KXOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 5»57 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a nicht; $1 a week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolfcln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denvt-r House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 2ic per night: $1 to $3 per week.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished flat or house: cheap for
cash. Y. V.. box 35. Call office.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mla-
■lon st.: tri. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prlce3 paid. Tel. Paris 71.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO or three furnished housekeeping rooms
for lady and 3 children; use of yard. Box 519
Call office. * "
ROOM rml board (partial) by violinist; lessons
in exchange. Box 327, Call.
WANTED- In San Rafael, a modern house of 6
to 8 rooms: must be low rent and In a good
location. Address box 452. Call office.
HOARDING WANTED]
LADY pianist wishes room and~breakfast in
return for piano lessons; part payment- cen-
KlHlcAUU&r'rt MONAI Ca " b » nVh " fflce .
WAN TE D— MISCELLANEOUS] ~
WANTED— Use of piano for storage- private
family. Call Monday. 719 Post st. ' pmate
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; lowest r>t».."
D 1 com. SCRIBNER & Co.. 7 City Hall ! SQre."
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales tOOhV «••
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission!
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins
wanted; beat prices; send postal. 1020 Folsoml
PAWNBROKER-Old told. silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
TEAS.
TEAS.
20, 25, 30, 3.', 4". 50 per pound.
COFFEES.
10, 15. 20, X, .".".. 40 per pound.
spick;s,
RUNNING W0 STORKS ENABLES US TO
SBU, VERY CHEAP. T °
WE GIVE FKEE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOI.P WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MTSIC HOXES.
.... _ AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
PHYSICIANS.
D m £ ,°- .O. OD NNELL - onVe^^eT~l2o«
Market: diseases or w,.i«..r-. • «...„!_!...
BUSINESS CHANCES. ./
$500— SALOON: establish-! many years: sur-
rounded by shipping offices and factories;
rent $17; a first-class," paying place; actual
value about $800; bargain. Particulars
WILKE. 753 Market st. •____
$2500— RAREST chance; corner saloon in very
best location in city; established many
years; clearing above $250 per mo.; lease:
! large stock: the very best class of customers.
Particulars, WILKE. "S3 Market St.
«COO_OLD and first-class paying saloon: close
to Baldwin Hotel: best class of custom; net
rent $60; a fine business opening. Inquire
WILKE. "S3 Market .st.
$500— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner saloon, best
part of the city, will be sold by the brewery
direct: a great bargain. WILKE. 783 Mar-
ket st. __L____
NOTICE— & CO., 23 Kearny St., will
sell your business quick for cash.
CORNER saloon, best location In city:
clears $75 monthly; a sure bargain; offer
wanted. STRAND & CO., I' 3 Kearny st.
$550— FISH and oyster market: big trade; good
horse, wagon: clears over $100 month; must
sell; make offer. STRAND <<- CO.. 23 Kearny.
$300— Partner wanted; good paying restaurant;
attend to cash counter: steady man only.
CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$200— Partner In saloon doing paying business.
CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
I $225— BRANCH bakery and variety store; 6
; rooms. CURRAN A CO., 30 Kearny st.
I HOTEL cigar stand; well paying.
$700— Saloon, best location in city.
$600— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route; well established. ,
$125 — Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN. 777 Market st.
TO se.ll your business for cash, apply HEALY.
& CO.. 917 Market. ,
j $110— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions, etc.;
living rooms. HEALY & CO., 917 Market.
$200— HOME bakery, delicacy store; north Mar-
ket: central; monthly receipts $250; value In
stock; fixtures. BASILE. 573& Market at. .
FOXHALL MARKET, Flllmore St., between
Washington and Clay, will open Tuesday.
February 1: a few remaining stalls for rent:
this market contains. 19 stalls. is situated on
a business street in the very center of th«
best residence portion of the city. is ele-
gantly fitted up. "light and airy, and stalls
are already rented by the very, 'best class
of dealers, commanding a large established
trade; the market property is a commodious,
first-class building, costing $50,000; an excel-
lent opportunity is afforded for market men
to make money. Apply at market between
9 and 10 a. m., or at I3OVEE, TOY & SONN-
TAG'S, 624 Market st. . . ";
$400 FOR Grocery and bar; well
stocked; corner of two main streets south of
Market; must be sold on account of death
In the family. Address box 536, Call office.
FOR SALE— WeII established stationery, notion,
and candy store: perodlcals, ciprars and to-
bacco; laundry office; good location; steady
trade. -1154 Golden Gate aye.
. FOR sale — Flower store, doing fine business;
good reason for selling; established 4 years;
low rent. For further particulars address
box 521. Call office.
I $165 FINE old-established saloon: splendid lo-
cation; doing good business. 806 Howard st.
>:• ■■■'■ FRENCH liquor store. Southeast corner
Valencia and Thirteenth sts.
FOR SALE— Cigar and notion stand at your
| . price if sold to-day. 130 East st.
! SALOON. 525' 2 Sansome st., near postofflce;
sickness cause of selling.
MIDDLE-AGED lady, capable manager, with
some capital; rare chance. Box 537, Call.
j 25 restaurants, saloons and other business In-
vestments from $100 to $2500. 402% Geary St.
TO rent— ln front of saloon, space for cigar
stand and clubrooms. 33 Third st: ■; • :
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— A man to take half interest In a
well-established mill business, with small
capital. Inquire at 413 Mission st. for par-
ticulars.
WANTED— Party with $200 to invest in latest
patent: sells at sight: big money in it. 216
Turk St., down stairs; 2 to 3 p. m.
FINE saloon for sale cheap. Inquire S
Hampton place. Third and Folsom sts.
SMALL grocery for sale cheap; owner re-
tiring from ' business. 119 Seventh st.
AN undivided one-fifth interest in mining
proposition, located in very heart of richest
gold bearing district in California; no assess-
ments: no further expense; will pay from
$•" to $10 a day; present owner must sell'
price $1000. Box 461, Call office.
DOWNTOWN notion-store. located in tha
heart of the traffic, with a pood stock and
long lease at low rent; price $5000; principals
only: good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
! CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postar-
free. :
FOR Old-established cigar and station-
ery store; will sell for $200— less than Invoice.
For further particulars address box 491, Call.
; FOR SALE— Horseshoeing business; first-class
I chance for good mechanic; proof of business;
owner leaving city. Box 455. Call office.
BAKERY and restaurant, doing good business;
fine location; good reason for selling; no busi-
_ ness with agents. Box 41S, Call office.
■ FOR SALE— Family grocery store. 251S Mission
I st.; the best stock and fine fixtures. Apply to
F. SMITH. 316 Montgomery st.
DRUGSTORE doing ' a good business: sick-
ness cause of sal*. E. K. BUNCE, 903
Broadway. Oakland.
GENTLEMAN partner wanted; paying propo-
sition. 1015 Market St., room 17. second floor.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GFO
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacran£n\o st
WANTED— $1600: good security and interest.
Address Security, box 446, Call office.
$25— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Frank suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
j ICECREAM parlor and candy-store; account
j of death; bargain. 934 Valencia.
| $60. cor. branch bakery, good laundry office
with furniture. 511 Laguna st.
BAKERY in fine country town, sold at a bar-
gain. Apply 2529 McAllister st.
| GROCERY and branch bakery; well estab-
lished. '.».. Howard st.
A . l: K; :lI :;:;-r for r rnlll < ir g ! S - The Weekl7
i fo JJ r I °T NhlN hIc UU a b U. CrlPtl ° na ,"« ™ nt ada
! C ?hl- P offw : OUtfit for resta »rant. cheap. Call
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
ALASKA Caisson Mining and Trading- "com^
pany. office No. 37 Crocker bid.. S F — The
company proposes river mining for gold In
ukon iiver by means of a superior invention
to establish sawmill and machine shops and
work with great profit in other directions.
Call it write full particulars. Shares SlO.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
34 ROOMS, fine comer .TitTTtTntTn $1600
i 6 rooms, new flat, corner "!!!"!"" 400
139. rooms, corner, the very best.. "000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell st., only '.'.'.'.'.. 660
IOS-room hotel, 0n1y... ." 6500
It rooms; on Market, part offices '.'.".. .'.'.'.'. ,».v)
30-room house, must sell 750
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye.. rent $40 600
1- rooms, central, good furniture 250
11. C. DICKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st. '..
30 rooms, elegant new furniture $^SOO
22 rooms, near Tivoli, clears $100 "550
24 rooms to rent. 424 Post: rent reduced
60, 00, 90. 130 room houses to rent.
Apply A. M: SPKCK .<:• CO.. 602 Market st.
$100— Partly furnished house of- 14 rooms- near
Mission and Third; 24 rooms. Mission and
Fourth. $475: 50 houses for sale. Before our-
j chasing apply HK.M.V & CO., 917 Market st.
FOR Lodging and boarding boose: m V
ing well; best location: low rent: 43 rooms"
good furniture: price $1000; $2500 cash. $isoo in
1 year. Inquire of MR. A. S. HOVEL ~»n
Sutter st.; no agents. v"t _ °-°
$300— FOURTEEN rooms, best part Market B t •
pays well. STRAND &VX?Xjz£ms £ '
23 lodging-houses from $200 to $0000 r -~son 1 c easy
terms. Real Estate Exchanc^VVt Geary sT
F C A i?'ofnr^ ely furn^ sheil rooms. 6 blocks from
Call office; no agents. Address box 4SO. Call.
oat.
____ _ CAB I'ET CLEASIXg!
CITY Btel "nCaTp^t^cTe^mn7r^lv^rTi3^^^^
.moves, lays carpets. G H STEVENS m ,'
58 and 40 Eighth .tl ;• tetephVne louth 250 "
I beating Worka, gt-« T»hMmVsg?taL B^
beating Works. 253-57 Tehama st. ; tel So Vo
GREAT Eastern B. Steam CaTpeT-cieanin-.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new T
_ITQCEEy. 453 Stevenaon ; tel. S 22S
CARPETS cleaned and n>nnvniZi 77t
» Tenth: W. BouthML .^Sag&Ag^
a a y a e rdf^ nln M^°74 240
i C SfiE l sl' a works. 133 QoldeaHOUSES TO LET.
322 CLEMENTINA— Nice cottage 5 rooms and
yard. $15.
821 V» DOLORES, between 21st and 22d— Six :
rooms and bath, $16. Inquire on premises.
2 TENEMENTS 3 and 4 rooms; rent $7 and I
$S 50. Sl2 Jessie Bt.. near Ninth; key at gro-
cery. I ,
17 50—204 PERRY *«»• 3 moms; water free.
Apply to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Mont- ;
gomery st. '
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do ;
so. If you have, mortgaged and wish*to pay I ■
it off easily you ran get best terms of Amer- : i
lean Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery st. j
ALL OVER TOWN— — — - — I :
You sea houses to rent by BALDWIN A.
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery;
709 SUTTEIT~near Taylor-For office and resi-
dence; s rooms; very choice; Investigate. .
NICE sunny 7-room new house; $27 60. 21 Noe
St.. near Thirteenth.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY corner fiat, i rooms, furnished for |
housekeeping: cheap rent to responsible ten-
ant. Apply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Mar- |
ket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage of 4 or 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment. Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
NEW 4. 5 and 7 r. : (10, $15 an 1 $20: or Will sell,
$50 to $150 cash; l>al. same as rent, 646 j
Market st. :'
$7. $8 and $9 cottages, 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co.. 14
Montgomery st.
FLATS TO LET.
UPPER flat, 4 choice sunny rooms; $13. 1122 A. ■
Broadway, near Leavenworth. |
B£7 CLEMENTINA— Nice, sunny, 4-room flats;
clean; $13. ■
154' GEARY, cor. Buchanan— flat, 6
rooms and bath; rent $15: water free.
NEW flat ol 5 rooms, large yard, fine view.
1408 Green St.. near Polk.
$14. FLAT, double parlors, dining and kitchen. :
43' 2 Hermann, jmu\ Market and Valencia.
$10— FLAT, 4 rooms, hall and doable parlors. j
IGO6 Lexington aye., near Eighteenth st.
START with us and save money for 1898.
10 flats, from 2 to 3 rooms, under $7. '
40 flats and cottages, 3 to 5 rooms, under i
$12.
]>- new flats IS new flats; see them.
200 choice houses and flats; '■. month free
Cottage near Polk St., only $18
See list at A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Mar- I
ket st
DOWN town sunny flats: 5 rooms and bath;
cor. O'Farrell and Taylor: rents reduced to I
$25 and $22 50 Apply MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market st.
ALL OVER mn<pry I
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary st., nr. i
_ Polk. SPECK CO.; 602 Market st.
1513 MISSION, nr. Eleventh-6 large sunny
rooms, bath, laundry, yard, rent $19. i
2 SUNNY flats, 4 and 5 rooms; baths and base-
ment. 1007 Oak st. !
665 PINE Bt.- flats of 3, 4 and 5 rooms; bath;
nice location.
$9— LOWER fiat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St.. ..IT
Market, near Valencia.
HAY window flat: 3 rooms. 2S Hitch st., near
Folaom and Third.
BUNNY flat. 5 rooms and bath; hot and cold
water; rent $12. Inquire HENRY EIBEN, I
Seventeenth and Dolores st*.
LOWER flat of 4 furnished rooms, bath and I
laundry. $18. 2525 Van Ness avenue.
FOUR rooms and bath, 223 Laurel aye , bet :
Turk and Eddy, off Van Ness aye.; rent
reduced.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPIXU ROOMS.
829 CAPP— 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping.
415 CHERRY— 3 unfurnished rooms to let.
743 EDDY— Single rooms with running water
and gas stove.
917 EDDY— Nicely furnish.-! front connecting
rooms: gas range; splendid location.
314 FIFTH— 2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; bath; stove; set; pri-
vate; $10.
325 GEARY— Front alcove room, well rurnish-
ed; running water; closets; suitable light
housekeeping.
E25 HOWARD— Rooms neatly furnished for
housekeeping.
433 LARKIN— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms with kitchen.
102"* MARKET— 3 rooms furnished complete, '
$12; part r^-tit li board.
MB2 MARKET— NiceIy furnished room: private
family; nice neighborhood; light housekeep-
ing; $6.
340 MCALLISTER— 2 nice sunny rooms for !
housekeeping.
28 MlNNA— Single and housekeeping rooms,
75c and $1 per week.
1219 MISSION— Two sunny housekeeping suites; j
front and back.
5154 IRRELL— Two or three housekeeping
. or furnished rooms; rent reasonable.
£05 POLK— One pleasant furnished housekeep-
ing room; reasonable.
. ■ V
17114 SCOTT— Furnished or unfurnished rooms.
126 SEVENTH— One large room, with sink; fur-
nlshed for housekeeping; yard.
139 SEVENTH— Holllday House sunny suite; j
housekeeping privileges; also single rooms. '
113 A SIXTH— 3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
IS STANLEY Place— 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath; also $7 50, i good rooms.
IS4 SOUTH PARK— Sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping or unfurnished.
Sl7 VAN NESS, corner Elllb— Sunny front
housekeeping, $1S; also unfurnished.
711 WEBSTER— 2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms;
every convenience.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
f-lry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15_Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET.
422 BRANNAN— Furnished room with use of
cocking range, $1 per week.
412 BRANNAN — Two large sunny rooms to let;
rent $6 per month.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st,,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
220 EDDY — Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board, $3 50.
24 FELL— Sunny furnished rooms; board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board, $35.
230 FELL — Furnished or unfurnished rooms to
let; reasonable.
til FOLSOM— private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
1103 A FOLSOM— Sunny front room; private
family; no children; rent reasonable.
246 FOURTH — Newly furnished sunny front
rooms.
402 GEARY— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$• and $7.
61S GEARY— Elegant sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; also double and single; rea-
sonable.
611 GEARY- Nicely furnished bay window
room for gentleman; bath. ,
TO LET— 6 unfurnished rooms of an 8-room
flat; other 2 rooms occupied by a physician;
good location for dentist or dressmaker; rent
very low to a desirable party. Apply Ht
Hayes Valley Drug Store, Hayes and La-
guna sts.
715 HOWARD. St. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites;
single; gunny readlng-roo ; 25c up.
1806 HOWARD, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $9.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
$3— LARGE unfurnished room. 44 Juniper st.,
off Folsom, near Eleventh.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny—
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-clans
in every respect; terms reasonable.
1151 MARKET— Furnished or unfurnished
sunny rooms, suite or single; best part of
street. - . «
•87 MINNA, corner Eighth— furnished
bay-window loom; $1 a week.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 181 .Miss!on7 Select family
rooming house; $150 to $0 per week.
20 NINTH— Front suite; 1 or 2 beds; grate:
pas, running water; housekeeping; stove. .
13"'-i NINTH— One neat, sunny room; rent $5 60
pe* month. - . ■■■ ■
63.-.H, O'FARREI.L- Floor of 4 unfurnished
rooms and bathroom; others; call evenings. -
103 POWELL— Nice cozy furnished front room
for rent.
GRAND Southern. Seventh and Mission sts.—
tauites; single; sunny; elevator; moderate.
17 STOCKTON. European— Elegant rooms:
suite or single; day, week or month; bathn;
not and cold water; transient; elevator.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
142 SEVENTH— Furnishes suits and single
rooms at lowest rate*. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
125 SlXTH— Cheapest In the city; double and
single sunny, front rooms.
543 TURK— Nice sOnny room; running water; 1
grate; gas; bath; $10.
209 TURK, near Jones— Nice sunny furnished .
parlors, newly carpeted. ;
>;:■. TWENTY-FOURTH— 4 sunny rooms; gas
and ba:h;*fTwenty-sccond-street cars pass the
door; rent $10. •-•.;•;, :...;- ■
613 VAN NESS aye.— 4 furnished rooms; bath;
entire floor, $20; together or singly; call 10
a. m. to 2 p. m.
FRONT and back parlor In ■ private family;
' located in central part of the city: cars pass
door; rent $10 per mo. Address this office.
MONEY loaned on watches,' diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
MM BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 visiting
cards. 25c. HILL. 724V4 Market st.
HOARDINg"~A ROOMS
1515^4 MISSION— Large sunny room; private:
with or without board: bath.
SOS VAN NESS AYE.— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good board: terms moderate.
DELIGHTFUL home for a gentleman is ob-
tainable In a private family, residing on a
eunny corner in Western Addition; convenient
to 4 lines of cars. Address J. W.. box 427.
Call office.
A young lady wishes room and board In
American family, not to exceed $3.50 per
week; central. Box 606 Call.
BUMMER boarding-house and ranch. Sierra
Nevada Mountains. A. J. ING ALLS, Chi-
cago Park. Nevada County. Cnl.
LARGE front room, bay-window, tor 2, with
or without board. 914 Larkin st.
PIANO taught In return for partial board;
south Market. Box ■):'■;. Call oltlre.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— A home for girl of 7 years; must
be cheap; city or country. Box 524, Call.
WANTED— ChiId to board; best of care; terms
reasonable. 1034 McAllister st.
AMERICAN lady living in one of the healthi-
j est locations In Ban Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best of care
and training. Address W. A. V.. box 652.
San Rafael.
WIDOW wishes a few infants to board. 2618
Bryant mm-
STORES TO LET.
| STORE with 6 rooms, suitable for Liquor store;
corner Geary and Lyon sts
OFFICES TO LET.
OS SANSOME St., now occupied By W. Loaiza
ft Co. \SHTON. 411 Montgomery.
MUSICAL. IXSTIIUMEXTS.
ANY person having use for a piano Deed not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $.'■. $0. (7, $S. ?;.,
$10, handsome kcarf and wood seat stool in-
* eluded ;no charge tor cartage. I'urcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, (LAV Ac CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter bis.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and large*! house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER i CHASE'S,
26, 23 and 30 O'Fafrell st. Pianos, organs
and all nther musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano it will pay you to
consult us. Why? Because we buy only in
carload lots, pay cash for everything an.i
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BEXJ. CURTAZ i SON, 16 to »>
O'Farrell st., Curtaz block.
CONOVER, slightly used, $350.
Steinway. slightly .-■ 1. $27."».
'flickering, second hand, 1190.
Large sto<k. lowest prices, rent, installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. '.«! Market St.
A very tine opportunity this morning to se-
cure an elfgant upright piano at a great bar-
gain. Investigate to-day. THE J. DEW-
ING CO.. second floor, Flood building. Fourth
and Market,
PIANOS .it cut prices; improve the opportu-
nity; agency famous if lines Bros . Bush &
Gerts and Boilerman. v.M C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., ■'■-. Post.
LARGE stock of Steinway, Chlckerin* and
other standard makes of upright pianos from
$125 to 5250 at HEINE .<: CO., 136 Ellis. V M.
C a. building; SHAW agent.
KEEFFE'S, 1021 Van Ness aye.. 3 fine up-
rights, little used, sacrificed: Schubert,
Steinway and Decker Bros.
DECKER & SON pianos are always satlsfae-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvais Music
Co.. :•■• Market st.
SOHMERACo., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos: see our ■■• nt plan;
no Interest first year. SOS, 310, 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
A line piano sacrificed for cash: see it this
morning, as th-» first caller will surely take
It. Room 12 Flood building.
FINE Decker upright piano sold for storage
charges. Pacific Storage Co., 22S Stockton ft.
SACRIFICED— upright piano; must
sell. 230 Kearny st., room 26.
$40 piano: splendid Instrument: great sacri-
fice. 11314 Mission St.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. BCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., near Hibernla Bank.
HORNUNG'S new style pianos; most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 210 Post st.
KINGBBURY (IM7 model) Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT, EM Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, Old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
Kolll.KK H CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
KOII SALK— .MISCELLANEOUS.
GAS engine, first-clas*. 1"> horse p..\\.-r, also
mortl*e ar..l tenon machine. TAYLOR, ti*
Brush St., Oaklan.l.
PRETTY little diamond stud for J.; cost ; -
VSCVB Harris. t$ Qrant aye.
I"I NIC milch cow chf-ap; will calve in 2 months.
525 Hrannar. St.
SOLITAIRE diamond ring for J3O; worth |W.
CNCLE HARRIS, 11 Grant aye.
F<>R sale -<"heap; complete outfit concrete
sidewalk; planks, tampers, crowbars, fchoveln.
41S I.arkln st.
FOR sale— Second-hand lumber, t. and g.. $^;
flooring. 110, pine, $6; Hay District track
buildings.
CIGARS, fixtures; must b* sold in two days.
Apply 204 East Bt.
AN ark for sale, cheap. Apply 1108 Ken-
tucky st.. near Eighteenth Bt.
thoroughbred St. Bernard pups. SireT
Roxie Taylor; bitch, Doris. Address "Press,"
Irvlngton, <"al
STREET roller, 2:6x2 feet, as good as new.
cost $60; will sell for $30. 11l Van Ness aye.
FIREPROOF safe; forge; anvil; iron wheel-
barrows; iron pipe. 04 Silver St.
BARGAIN vi horseshoe nickel in slot ma^
chines. J. S., box 1. ("all Office, Oakland.
FOR SALE— 2 Incubators and 6 brooders; cheap.
2709 Larkin St.
SOME new and second hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO.. 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
fizes; half original coat. 10:<-lll Market, S. F.
' GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. $5 per doi;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupl. W33 & 946 Mrkt
j BOILEIfs. engines, 2d hand machinery. ICe-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. I*7 Beale st.
j J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-3S Mission.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102J
Mission st.. above Sixth.
I BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near 7th.
WHISKY. Mcßrayer, April, 1892, from Ken-
tucky bonded warehouse direct; 65c per gal-
lon. F. EPHRAIM. 628 Market St.. S. F.
FOR sale cheap— second hand fireproof safe at
42 Main st.
SECOND hand dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
KETIRINO from business; our entire stock of
rattan furniture and baby carriages will be
sold at wholesale cost. California Rattan
Works. 74" and 747 Mission, bet Id nnd 4th
NBWIMI MACHINES.
$i MONTHLY; rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: low.-st rates. 205 Fourth.
TV*-BWRITEr. 8».
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used lor sale cheap: send for sample & prices,
ALEXANDER &. CO., 110 Montgomery st.
REMINGTON No. 2: fine order; $25; sample
cent. BCOTT & BANNAN, 323 Montgomery.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXUARY 11, 1898.
PERSONALS. '--- x
I POUNDS coffee. 2"..-, at Lincoln Bros., the
only house on earth; are selling walnuts and
almonds at 5c lb, condensed milk, Ie can;
2 blocks codfish, 2.V; cheese. 10c In; butter,
35c roll; mush. Be package; tomatoes. Be can;
mixed tea, 25c m; 15 lbs beans, He; corn-
starch. (c package; picnic hams. 7c Tb; 25
lbs prunes, pears, peaches or apricots, $1;
flour. $1 sack; sugar at refinery rates. LIN-
COLN BROS.. 226 Sixth st., middle of the
block.
LADY going to mountuin ranch 17th Inst.;
good chance for lady wanting a change by
paying her share expenses. It. 11. SOS Mission.
WANTED— Lady with at least $200 or $300 to
Invest in theatrical business and. if suited,
matrimony; must be willing to travel. Ad-
dress box 529. Call Office.
HAIR which is oily is generally healthy; come
and let me show you how to keep and care
for your hair; balrdressing only 2&c; good
switches, $1; finest, best quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays 'j to 12 a. m.
G. LEDERER, ill Stockton st.
ADVICE free; divcrce laws specialty; private;
DO fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor Stockton.
CAL. INST., 402 V. Geary; tel. Davis 581; hyp-
notism taught, $5: diseases and habits cured.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair fall-
ing out. O. LEDERER, 111 Stockton EC
DRESSMAKING for ladies and children: also
shirt waists; reasonable. 1023 O'Farrell bt.,
near Van Ness aye.
PROF. J. GREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January L'C. IS'JS. Miaa
M. De. Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse;
bath«; *.»i,i,ne massage; Swedish movement;
ladle?, gents. tit) 6 Market, room 25. 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
ban Francisco at Eastern price*. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
BIG outdoor stereopticon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth: artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business.
ConßUlt OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market »t.
ELECTRIC light* In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per nlcht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$14 — Suit to order- samples; try one. NEU-
HAL'S & CO.. tailors. 115 Keamy st.
' GREAT catarrh cure; Wilson's vaporizing In-
haler; 326 A Ellis; test free; cure $5.
1 CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sausome St.
BRANCH office of The Call, 167 Ninth st.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. T.R. WELCH, 2115 Hush.
SUIT to order en easy installments. L.
LKMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and «th
l)llK!.SMAhi:ilS.
MME GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$,'• up; dresses made over. f. Kddy st . rrn
KDl'l ATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 21 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
j ln«. Teh ..ruiihy, languages. English branch*
electrical, civil A mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc.; l' 1 •■
era 'hiy and eve. sessions; catalogue mailed.
AYRES' H je, "-' Montgomery st.;
individual Instruct! in in shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc : life scholar-
ship, ISO; low rut.s J..T week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech .survey, assay . archlt. : day & eve.;
ISM. VAN DER N UI.I.KN. 833 Market.
ACCOMPLISHED English w >man offers to
teach French and music in i v hai ge for a
home with a family: highest reier.-ii.--s. UM
. si
LAI»Y teach.-* piano, mandolin, 5Pc an hour;
excellent pianist and acoon PfAist for enter-
talnmenta ;i';.i (rocalktts. ÜB9 oi-tavi.i st.
TEACHER ; ' i! music desires
room rent In exchange. Address Lady, 615
I>arkin st.
LADY tea her if music and piano; sft c a
lesson. Address X . f.ij I.rirkin st
GKNTLEMEN taught languages evenings by
iy t.-a. h.-r. Box 40, <" a !l offlee.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writlng: terms i IBISA Post st
san FRANCISCO Business College, :. • Mir-
ket m : 124 positions In "■«'•: 103 in 'VS.
LUDLI M s hool of Elocution and Dramatic
Ait. 828 Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER teacher mandolin.
guitar and banjo. :•:::, M.-;R.t St., off Mason.
Fi.rTK, mandolin, guitar lessons; > lnb tl
monthly. PROP. GAfiTALDI. 710 Lombard.
VOI< i: culture, piano Paris Rraduate: French,
Bpaniafa; new classes; $2 mo. ]0» Taylor st.
MISS GAMBLE'S danctnt,- school: adults' class
Saturdays I P. M. 2\~, r»f»ls«<lwo St.
FISK fVai l.r- 1 agencies in li cities; t.-n. h.-rs
wanted now. 4'.'o Parrott building
GTTITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessors;
S3 month. M.n> Westhatts. B Fifth st.
/ CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she •.■"ill reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while in a perfect
trance. Hours. ]<> A. M. to *> P. M.; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26, 1206 Market, ..pp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la . 50c;
gents Jl : palm. & clairv.; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar tells fortunes by
planets; prd'td "74" steamer on Island. 23' j
Sixth, room 6.
MISS MIRANDA, experienced mind reader;
electric and magnetic treatments. Room 31
1122 Market st.
MME. I.X NORMANDE. world-renowned clair-
voyant, card-reader; hours, 10 to 4 evenings.
401 Leavenworth st.
ARRIVED— Mme. Davis, the remarkable clalr-
voyant, card reader and test medium; fee 25c
r.02 O'Farrell st.
MRS. S. .1. Carman of Portland; wonderful
test medium; this week only. 865',^ Market,
room 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business"
advice: names given; 2"c up. & Fourth *t.
MME. HANSEN, palmist, card-writer, past,
present and ruture; 25c. 148 Sixth, room 5.
MME. STBILLE, cradle to grave; future Mis-
band's picture 25c; ladies. 314 O'Farrell st.
Miss MAUD WINTERS, card reader; electro-
magnetlc treatments. J2O' 2 Geary st., room 2.
MISS E. LOESEL has returned to 121 Mont-
gomery st . room 8. Card reader.
MME. MORE A I. teat medium, clairvoyant,
card reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., upstairs.
SATISFACTION or no pay. 1204 Mission, above
Eighth, front parlor. Face cream free.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 128 Seventh St., second floor.
MRS. MAN I 'EN A. medium and palmist: read-
Ings 25c this week; satisfaction gar'td. 26 6th.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant anT
water reader. 921 14 Mission St.. opp. Mint.
MME. SoI. AN. Scotch seerens, card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to S P. M.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium-
sittings dally. 123H Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS-First In her pro-
fusion; never fails; 1 advice: help. 929 Post.
RAY. FAIR— reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post ft., room 2.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
fall. Sent to any address In the United
Strifes or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
SPIRITUALISM.
'*'-*'■' ■
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night; 10c; con-
vincing tests: 605 McAllister; fine music.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate- writer ;~d»^
veloping circle Wednesday eve. US Halght st.
MME. MAYO STEERS. 112% Oak; circle*
Tues. 8 P.M.. Thar*. 2 P.M.; 25c; readings' $1.
MRS. HOSKINS, spiritual medium- circle
Tues., 8 p. in.. ?sc; readings. $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
lit*— KM ami ndvlce. ■ 218 Stockton st.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM Propeller Company— Office and
principal .place of business, 227 Market st
San Francisco, Cal. '
Notice Is hereby given that at a "meeting of
the Board of Directors/held on. the 10th day
.of December, 1597, an ftfses^ment (No. 3) of I
one .(1) cent per share was levied upon the i
capital stock of the corporation, . payable Im- i
mediately - In United 'States gold coin to' the '
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address. -
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 20th day of January
1898, will be delinquent «nd advertised for sale '
at public auction, and unless payment Is made i
before will be Bold on the loth day of Febru-
ary, 1898, to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. By order of the Board of Directors ■
CHARLES A. HUGfSec., 327 Market St.'
MEDICAL. ..
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions ;
from whatever cause restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re- ; :
moved by electricity; home in conflnenfent : ;
best corf, and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsules, $1. MRS. DR. I
WYBTH, 518 Post St., near Larkin. i
ALL of Dr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed I 1
alt'olute cure for all female diseases; posi- | .
tlvely safe and sure; no danger or after ef- ]
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre- :
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by |
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all '
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33 I
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chi-tiing elsewhere, write us. . ,
DR. V. CONDORY. M. D.— Expert physician,
late of Hot Springs, Ark., has opened an of-
fice at 959 Howard st. Syphilis, chronic dis-
eases of the skin, stricture, gonorrhoea, piles,
nervous prostration, rheumatism, swollen and
stiff joints, contracted muscles and all secret '
diseases cured by special treatment. No in- |
terference with patients' work. Hours, 9 a.
in. to 12 m., 2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every j
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others 1
havo tailed; no instruments used; many j
years* experience; every case guaranteed; ad- '
vice free: terms reasonable; first-class pri- j
vate home for confinement- MRS. DR. ,
DALEY. 1126 Market st., over Owl Drugstore.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female I
d-sifpes; a home In confinement, with best '
poeftble care, with the privacy of a home
and the convenience of a hospital; those j
wl>o are sick or discouraged should call on |
the doctor and state their case; they will I
fird In her a true friend. MRS. DR.
GWYF.R. -26 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or '
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from i
what cau.^e: restore In 1 day; never fails: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home. I
DR. POPPER, SIS Kearny. Orders by tele.
DR. AND MK>. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
uve., for-n;rly "23 1:1 ly st. — Safe, quick cure
for all f male co.-r.plaints guamnteed: ptl- j
vate home in confinement: "Very comfort; j
Infants adopted: terms mo<i< rate; 'pill* $1.
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott. 410 Geary St.. now
1101 Market: female complaints and diseases
of the eye permanently cured or no charge;
treatment by mail: Inclose stamp.
GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only; low '
fees; Dr. Schuck's self-cure, $3. 401 Van Ness, i
LADIES, Chlehester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best: safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c. stamps, for particulars.
"Rcll«f for Ladles," letter by return mail- at
druggists. luster Chemical Co., PhllH.
ALPKAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
reia.\ ■• tri.lVs: no danger; safe, cur- .*> 60; !
expreai CO D.; don't delay until no lute.
OSGOOD BROS . Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal,
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble; Irregularities rest, red without fall-
low fees; hpoeinc female pills, li 50 DR
SMITH. 1508 Market st.; 1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m. ' i
a 1 < 'ox to wivs and mothers— wit—
«M. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.; send
Sc stamp for particulars to Becuro Manu-
facturlng Co., S3l X si.. Sacramento. Cal.
BURE cure Irregularities or other- female dis-
t-aae... M**.S. DR. PUETZ. :.4>... Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases at women
MRS. DR. 1-UNKE. 1416 i: : ,-r.-. Ist . Alnni.tl.i.
BTERILII Y cured by Mr«. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
ate midwife, IT'J9 Powell st.; t-l. red K4J.
PARIS MATERNITY. m Bust St.; confine-
ment at home. 10 days. $20. Tel. Green >l.
HEALTHY child for adoption. MRS DR
NKK, MM Eighth St.. Alameda.
DRS KERGAN & KENNEDY cure blood.
!-k:;i and ii,\at.- diseases I Mason st.
US LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
ECii|)t.ons and want ads taken.
LOST.
REWARD offered for bunch of keys lost on
Clay Bt.. between Montgomery and Powell
Apply 1003 Powell st.
LOST— A seven-stone diamond cluster pendant
of earring; liberal reward; return to Gates'
Drugstore, corner Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
$23 REWARD— Between the Mission and Tlv- '
■ It. lady's solitaire diamond pin. Return to
mi Howard st.
LOST— A pa— -booh with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society or San Francisco, in th»
name of Jacob Hypok: No. 2141331. The finder
win please return to bank.
BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
for it. I-.N.1.K HAItrtIS, 1.-, Grant aye.
dextists.
UK LUI>LUM tUUU 1»43 Market, nr iithTno
charge for extracting when plates are m»do,
old jlates made over lik>* new; teeth from U
per &et: extracting Mb; gas given.
Vll. GEO. W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist^
discover of painless extraction & patentee of
Improved bridge work or tet-th without plate,
moved from 6 to 2u O'Farrt-ll st.
FULL set of teeth, $6; painlt-ss extraction; sea
cur combination pla'.e. thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our spet laity; teeth im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 50c. crowns
iZ X; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parli rs. 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; silver
fillings, 2f.c up; gold crowns. $3 60 up: your
teeth put In without a plate; open evenings.
1-97 Market St.. cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 695.
NEW York dentists— Plates Ji up; silver flll-
Inss, 2. r ic up; gold fillings. 7»c up; plates
mended. $1 up; painless extraction, 50c; alt
work warranted. 86'J Mission. BE. cor. 6th.
|V— FULL set of teeth; best make; kept In
repair; extracting free; fillings. 50c; crowns,
$3 50. Pacific Dental Parlors, 18 Third St.
DR. J. J. LEEK. 1126 Market st. ; open even-
Ings; Sunday till noon; registered dentist.
\V E HARDING. M I).. MB Butter st.7 cor.
Powell; tel. Main 5375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET or teeth without a plate! DR. H. C
TOCNO, 1841 Polk st
COLTON Dental Assoclntl n. SO6 Market St.
TH I'HAIiI.KS W. HK'-KKR.
STOHAIiE.
AT low rates-Furniture. carpets, planon,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. XOOXA.N, 1017 to 1023
Mission st.. above Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rat«s — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vancea made: fireproof building. F. w.
/.Kill TSS. l~4'J Mission st. "1.1. Mint IS2I.
TO LEASE.
OLD Y. M. C. A. building. 232 Sutler St.. to
rent fur long term of lease. Apply to H. J.
M'COY. Mason iind i:ill« sts
LEGAL NOTICES.
GUARDS for Street Railway Dummies "and
Cars— Clerk's Office, Board of Supervisors,
San Francisco, January 11, 189 S.
In compliance with resolution No. 600 (Fourth
Series) of the Hoard of Supervisors, public no-
tice Is hereby given, and all persons desiring,
are hereby requested to submit to the Board of
Supervisors, on or before FRIDAY FORE-
NOON. January 14. IS9S. at 10 o'clock, plans*
or models of devices as safeguards for street
railway dummies and cars, at which time the
parties submitting plans or models will be
heard. The said safeguards to be ho designed
as to prevent any person from getting under
or. being run over by the wheels of the street
railway dummy and car while the same Is
moving at a speed of not less than eight miles
per hour. The person submitting plans or
models to be received must do so with the dis-
tinct understanding and agreement that. If re-
quired, they will, at their own cost and
charge, construct such safeguard and attach it
to a street railway dummy and car to be des-
ignated by the board on any of the street rail-
way routes, to demonstrate its practical opera-
tion.
Upon the approval of any one or more of the
safeguards, the board will hereafter designate
such safeguards that can be used with safety
to the public, and shall require street railway
companies to affix and place either of the
safeguards so designated and adopted upon the
street railway cars and dummies operated In
this city and county.
NOTICE— PIans or models must be filed in
this office on or before Friday forenoon, Janu-
ary 14. • 1&98. at 10 o'clock.
% WO A. RUSSELL,. Clerk.
CUSTOM House. San Francisco. Jan. 3. IS93—
Notice— Certain good* remaining one year in
bonded warehouse will be sold at public auc-
tion at the United States appraiser's store
on the 26th of January, ■ IS9S, at 11 o'clock
a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be had at
the custom house on January 20, IS9B, or at
time and place of sale. J. p. JACKSON
Collector. . '
NOTICE of railroad consolidation— Pursuant
to the statute in such case made and pro-
vided, notice Is hereby given that the PaJaro
Valley Railroad Company and the Pajaro
Extension Railway Company, upon J tha
written consent or the stockholders holding
more than three-fourths in value of all the
stock of each of said corporations respec-
tively and' by agreement of the respective
boards of directors of said corporations mads
and entered into in accordance with such, con-
sent and pursuant to the statute In -such
case made and provided, have consolidated
and amalgamated their capital stocks, debts,
properties, assets and franchises under tha
corporate name and style of the PaJaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company. ■
Dated at San Francisco, California, the
tenth day of December. A. D. M 97. . .
By order of the board of directors of the
Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad Com-
pany. - - . - --r.
By E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
CITY HEAL. ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT.
Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled. fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvements up to dale; must be seen to
be appreciated; $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Mission St., to J. M. COMERFORD, from 1 to
3:30 p. m. ; take Mission-st. cars to Cortland ay.
CHOICE ■ business property; northwest corner
Mission and Spear sts. ; 45:10x117:6; must be
disposed of. Apply H. HWKIiN. 546 Clay.
ON Lyon St.. between McAllister and Golden
Gate aye., a new, modern seven roomed cot-
tage, beautifully frescoed, and laundry.
$50 DOWN, balance $13 35 monthly; new 4-room
and bath cottage and lot: close to car lines;
5 already sold. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery Bt. a
PLACES for sale, to let and to lease in all
parts of the city and country. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON 61 CO.. 1709 Market street.
G. M. SALRBURY. builder, 021 X st. ; low esti-
niatss; plan* given; dry washers made for
placer mining.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500; 1 block from Mis-
sion cars; $16 monthly. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
COLXTKY At UAL. ESTATE.
$1200 BUYS a 4-room corner frame house in
Santa Maria, Cal., with 3 connected lots, 15
x 164 feet; flower garden, fruit trees and good
barn: will trade for city lodging-house or
chicken ranch. Inquire R. BENJAMIN, 111
Ellis st., city.
SWEENY RANCH, ~~ "
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweany in tracts of 100 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vege-
tables; plenty of water; this property imme-
diately adjoins Redwood City and is only one
hour's ride from San Fran<isco; suitable for
small home farms; prices below all former
quot&ticns and uix.n unusually easy terms.
For particulars call or address
EASTON, ELDRIDGE «v CO..
Crt Market St., San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMKS.
Especially adapted to raising de< id i< us
fruits and vegetables; we have a few choice
subdivisions of 10 to 20 acres each In the New-
! hall & \Vl.<e tract, which we offer at extremely
I low prices and on very easy terms; small cash
! payment: . balance monthly; one and a half
: miles from Mountain View station. Apply for
full particulars to
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO .
638 Market st.. .San Francisco.
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
! FOR SALE— 2SO acres unimproved land. Tuo-
lumne County; wood and water: also 16fl acres
unimproved land, Mariposa County: cheap:
cash; a bargain. Particulars A. BRUHNKE.
1714 Polk st.
; WANTED— ranch of 50 to 150 acres on a
main road, reasonable distance of town or
- steamboat landing. Address Box 495 Call
office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, payable on very easy terms.
apply to room 703, Claus Spreckels building.
FOR sale— (Men Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches in Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved; easy
terms: also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D H. TWINO, Sonoma City;
every Monday nt 532 Market St.. 8. F.
I'KOPKRTY 'JO EXCHANGfc.
I FOR RALE or exchange for city or country
real estate, an old-established earner saloon.
2 blocks: from Market st. ; elegantly fitted up;
long lease and reasonable rent. Address box
4^, all office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 p. ct. on real estate; 2d &
3d mortgages, estates, undivided interests,
real estate in probate, life Insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay i: McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F. , Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.. tel. green 204.
WE loan on real estate at fi and 6*4 per cent;
also . second mortgages; life insurance ami
real estate in probate; any sum. Manhattan
| Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no |
commission; lowest Interest; part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St.. room 68.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st., upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1b69.
$5 per month Interest on each $1000; 55 cents
per mo. on $100; any amount; on 2d mort-
gage, any security. Address Cash. Fix 2. Call.
| ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
lON furniture pianos: no commission: low
rates: private. SCRIBNEK & CO.. 7 City
Hall Square.
■ ANY sum, Ist or Id mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California st.
. $50 to $50,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and Id mort-
gages, states, eto. MURPHY. 62S Mlct st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister.
$100,000 on life insurance policies; low interest.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ. 3.10 Pine.
I 10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow mon-
ey: diamonds and jewelry.
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery Loans on life
insurance policies and buys bank books.
' LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rate*. McAFEF. BROS 108 Montgomery st.
HORSES.
j WANTED— work horses: weight 1000 to
1200 lbs.; state lowest cash • price. • Box 522
Call.
MARKS for breeding purposes: not less than
1450 pounds; must be cheap. T. S. DICKINS,
room M Parrot! building.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1&02 Mission, cor 14lh.
j 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth -St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE Well matched young team with
harness and buckboard; can be seen at Ne-
vada Stable. 44 Clay. Price $125.
60 head of horses suitable for any business. Old
Turk street Car StabK 1301 Turk st. ■ : ■_'«..
; 4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call;
• want ads and subscriptions taken. *« - ,
WAGOXS AND CARRIAGES.
SECOND hand grocery, bakery delivery wa- !
gons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, buggies
and harness bargains for cash. 15th and
Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
nugrv: also 1 liark. *■:"= Harrison ot. ■:. -_-?..
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
■ . _ . . - ■--■'■•■
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. Stcktn.
ADVICE Private law matters; moderate
' fees. ATTORNEY McCABE. 103 Larkin st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. »n Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST like paying rent.
JiJjfp — Colonial cottage. 4 rooms and bath.
flSi'O — Handsome cottage near station.
$31.',0 — House of 6 rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
Jl9.V)— Colonial eottajre. 6 rooms: fine grounds.
KABCUSR & KKMMEU Bay Bt. station
(broad Rau^e). Alameda; 62S Market st., San
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$3000— HOt'SE of 6 iooms. with furniture, lot
2f.x11«: basement 9 feet high; choicest loca-
tion In Alameda: close to n. R. depot. Par-
ticulars \VII,KE, ?>3 Markot st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United States
or Canada one year for II 50. po*ta«e fr*#
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SEE this at once; new S-room modern house,
3 blocks east of Bprryman station, Berkeley;
price $3. r >0(), worth $40n<>: make your own
terms: also have other houses. See owner
and houses, 1*27 Spruce »t., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WANTED— Lot 100x150 In Fruitvale or East
Oakland, few blocks from depot, with city
state price and location. Box 531, Call.
A SACRIFICE -4 lots, 26. 27, 3> ana 54 feet
front by 13.t deep; close to San Pablo aye.;
10 minutes from City Hall; offered at half
their value for Immediate sale. We will ad-
vance 80 per cent of price to responsible buy-
ers, repayable on ensy terms, or will build
>-"U a home on any of these lots on monthly
payments. BELDEX & COOK, 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland.
IT'S not too late; If you come at once you can
buy a cottage, cabin and lot for $150, $10
cash. $5 monthly; a $75 lot, well worth $150.
$5 cash. $5 monthly; streets all graded, some
macadamized: fine school and 3 electric-car
lines near; climate, soil and situation very
best. H. Z. JONES, owner of the AUendale
tract. East Oakland. 459 Ninth St., bet.
Broadway and Washington. Oakland; car-
riage free.
$15 PER month: modern 5 roomed cottage;
street improved; total price $1250. HUGH M.
CAMERON, 479 Ninth St.. Oakland.
MODERN residence. 9 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc.; near Grove st. ; lot 50x160:
plumbing nickel plated: electric wiring;
•treet work complete; price $3500: terms to
suit. Lake Shore Land Co., A. H. BREED.
Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
KLONDIKE or bust— lo room house. Eighth
St., Oaklnnd: lot 70x100: burn, etc.; value
$10,000: reduced to $600o: a snap: $2.~00 cash:
balance can remain. Box 425. Call office.
FIKMTIHE FOR SALE.
FCBNITURB and carpets of 6-room flat; as
g'nwl as new. Box 517, Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
MOVEMENTS OF TRANSATLANTIC
STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Kai-
ser Wilhelm d^r Grosse, from New York.
ROTTERDAM- Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Obdam.
trora New Tark.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Amster-
dam.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be insertfd. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persona authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
AVERY— In Avery, December 29, 1597. to the
wife of Qeorge Avery. a son.
BRICK— In Rio Vista, December 29, 1597, to the
wife of J. Brick, a son.
COOK— At Susanvllle. January 3. IS9S, to the
wifo of W. D. Cook, a son.
GALLI— At Jackson ('ate, December 29, 1897,
to the wife uf L. Galll, a son.
GREITMAN— At Sheridan, December 24, 1597,
to tho wife of George Greitman. a son.
GORDON— In Gonzales, January 3. 1898. to the
wiff of Dr. S. B. Gordon, a son.
HEALY— In this city. January 5. IS9B, to the
wife of Thomas E. Healy, a son.
HOTT— N««r Birds Landing, December 30. 1897,
to the wife of Julian B. Hoyt. a daughter.
JACOBS— Ia Angels. January 3, 18iS, to the
wife of Israel Jacobs, a son.
LEARY — Near Walnut Grove, December 30.
1897, to the wife of Dennis L«-ary, a son.
LAURITZHN— In Rio Vista. December 29. 1597.
to the wife of Captain 11. P. Lauritzen, a
son.
McCANN— In Sutter Creek. January 3, 1898, to
the wife of Fred McCann, a son.
OLSEN— In Auburn, January 2, IS9S, to the
wife of William Olsen, a son.
REED— In this city, January 4, IS9S, to the
wife of Robert Reed, a son.
PAUMELEE— In New Monterey. January 3
1898, to the wife of H. M. Parmelee. a son.
ROBERTS— In Jackson, December 29, 1597 to
the wife of W. H. Roberts, a son.
STURM— In San Jose. January 5, IS9S, to the
wife of J. M. Sturm, a son.
TROTT— In Santa Maria, December 31, 1597. to
the wife of G. J. Trott, a daughter.
WHITHERO— In Angels. December 31, 1597, to
the wife of Mr. Whithero, a son.
WILLIAMSON— In Auburn. December 24, 1597
to the wife of R. C. Williamson, a daughter!
MARRIED.
BELLY- STEIXBEKG- In Dutch Flat. Janu-
ary l. ISK, by the Rev. W. E. Golding. Fran-
< is Auguste Belly and Trena Steinberg.
BACH MANN- GRJUEK— In this city. January
'.'. tSX, by the Rev. J. M. Buehlcr, Charles
Bai-hmann and Gussie Green.
BKVERING— CHEW- In San Jose. January 1
1898. William Beverlng and Maggie May
Chew.
CROW— PALMER— In Reno, Nev.. December
2S, VUrt. Samuel H. Crow and Grace Ethel
Palmer.
DO&&N— O'CONNOR— By the Rev. Father
Coyle, Michael J. Dolan and Bella O'Connor.
DAVEY— ROSS-In San Andreas, January 2.
I<9B, by R. H. Rhead. J. P., Thomas H.
1 i;i.vi>y Jr. and Agnes M. Ross.
DELPHEY— STINE— In Chino, January 5 is;><?
by the Rev. T. C. Knoles, W. H. Delphey
and Flora D. Stine.
FITCH— PEIRCE— In San Jose. December 29,
I!#7, Luther E. Fitch and Ella B. Peirce.
lIAUSEK LOFFLER— In this city. January
9, UK, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Chrfst
Hauser and Snphie Loffler.
HALE — COVEY — In Auburn, January 1. 1898.
by the Rev. H. F. Burgess. WllliamHale and
Pearl Covey.
MILES— ORAND— In San Luis Oblspo, January
1. 18as. by the Rev. R. W. Summers, W. J.
Miles and Stella Orand.
MARSHALL-GILZEAN— In Junction City.
January 6. IMS, by the Rev. H. Hammond
Cole, Robert C. Marshall and Isabelle Maud
Gilzean.
M< iHEHOCSE- BELLEAU— In Sonora, Janu-
ary 3. IS9.S, by the Rev. Father O'Kane,
Albert Morehouse and Eleanor Belleau.
MEEK— BALKE— In Redlands, January 2, 1898.
by the Rev. F. E. Hill. Richard M. Meek and
Martha E. Balke.
RYAN— HOLLOWAY— In Santa Cruz. January
6. lv.'S, by the Rev. Thomas FUben, William
Ryan and Ida Holloway.
RIFFE— MOLFIXO— In Jackson. January 5,
1898. by the Rev. T. B. Palmer. Charles A.
RlfTe and Mary Molfino.
DIED.
ASHBAt'OH— In San Bernardino. January 3.
UK, Andrew Ashbaugh, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 76 years.
BEHKMANN— In this city. January 9, 189R,
Ludwig G. J. Behrmann, beloved brother of
Mrs. F. Dahrr.ke. a native of Scharenbeck,
Germany, aged 45 years 9 months and 24
days. Member of Eucalyptus Ixxlgo No. 243.
F. and A. M.. Haywards, and Germania
Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F.
lE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.,
1209 Mission street, near Eighth. Interment
Mas'inlc Cemetery.
BYRNE— A requiem mass will be said to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, in St. James
Church, for the repose of the soul of James
I>. Byrne, beloved brother of Mrs. Catherine
Mullen. Frlenda and relatives are Invited to
attend.
COOK— In this c.ty. January 9. IR9S, Blanche
Estelle, beloved wife of Walter H. Cook, a
native of Illinois.
C3*Frien«ls are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tues-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 1126
Yallejo street. Interment private.
CRESWELL— In Murphys, December 31. I.W,
Mrs. Jane Creswell, a native of California,
aged 21 years.
DUFFY— In this city, January 10, ISSB, Mrs.
Mary Duffy (nee Brown), dearly beloved
daughter of Margaret and the late John
Brown, and beloved sister of Joseph. James
and William Brown and Mrs. I'eter Han
ratty, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 11 months and 8 days,
icy Notice of funeral heteafter.
DRUSEDOM— In this city, January 9, 1898.
Anna M.. dearly beloved wife of John Druse-
d.im, md mother of Albert L.. Walter G.,
Annie and Clarence Drusedom. a native of
Nieder Welsel. Germany, aged 51 years S
months and 14 days, a member of Martha
Lodge No. 241, Knights and Ladles of
Honor, and San Francisco Frauen Verein.
ICT'FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), January 11, at 2 o'clock p. m
from her late residence, 1811 Mason street!
between Union and Filbert. Interment at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN— To the
officers and members of the funeral commit-
tee: You are hereby notified to assemble this
day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, at Druids' Hall,
413- Putter street, to attend the funeral of
our late member. Anna M. Drusedom.
FRAU ANNA SUHR. Pres.
FRATT ANNA MAAS. Sec.
FAGAN— In this city, January 10, IS9B, Bridget
Fapan. beloved mother of the late Chris-
topher Fajran. and sister of Mrs. Katie
Hulbert and Mrs. Susan Ray, a native of Ire-
land, aged CO years.
FAHRELL— In this city. January 10. 1898
Bridget, dearely beloved wife of Thomas Far-
rell. and mother of James J.. Patrick H.
ar.d Annie L. Farrell and Mrs. William F
Brophy. a native of Queens County. Ireland
aged 58 yearn. (New York and Illinois pa-
pers please copy.)
(CT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, irom her late
residence, 2012 Point Lobos avenue, near
Ninth, thence to Star cf the tsea Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her noul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
GODKIN— In this city. January 10, 1898, Wil-
liam H., dearly beloved husband of Nellie
Godkin, father of Clarence Godkin. beloved
son of the late o"homas and M. B. Godkin,
and beloved brother of Mamie. Lottie. Addle
and the late Nellie C. and Thomas EL God-
kin, a native or" San Francisco, aged 2> years
3 months and 23 days.
E^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1126 Kearny street, thenco to St.
Francis Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary t esaetery.
GOODIAR— In this city. January 6. IS9S. A. B.
Goodiar, a native of Massachusetts, aged 50
years.
GEISSENDORFER— In Weimar. January t.
ISag. George Geissendorfer, a native of Ba-
varia, aged 7» years and 15 days.
HECHT— In this city. January 10, IS9K, Abra-
ham E., beloved husband of Amelia K.
Hecht and futher of Edith. J^el X.. Klias M.
and Adelheiil Hecht. a native of Germany,
aged 59 years 7 months and 17 days.
C7 Friends aro respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
9:4."i o'clock. fr< m his late residence, north-
west corner of Van Ness avenue and Post
street. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery,
by special train from Third and Townsend
streets at 11 o'clock.
HICKS— In Colfax. January ?. ISIS. Charles
Hulett Hicks, a native of New York, aged
63 years 3 months and 11 days.
HALL — In Sonoma. January 5. 1«!!>R. Charles
Henry Hall, a native of Massachusetts, aged
74 years anil 11 months.
HOLLAND— In West Oakland. January 10. IS9S,
Mary J. Holland, mother of I'lysses and C.
F. Holland and Mrs. Stella Geary and Frank
Geary, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 54
yearn.
HYNES— In this city, January 10, IS9S. Brid-
get, beloved wife of James Hynes, and mother
of John. Mamie and Stephen Ilynes, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 56 years.
JONES— In this city. January 10, ISOR. Mrs.
Henrietta Jones, a native of New York, aged
49 years.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are regfteet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
i Tuesday), at 2:3u o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Theodor Dierks. SCT Mission
street, thence by 3:30 o'clock train to Hilla
of Eternity Cemetery for interment.
KING— In Redlands, January 3, 1898, Henry T.
King, aged 34 years.
KANE— In this city. January 10, ISSS, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary A. Kane,
father of Josephine H. Kane and Mrs. R.
P.arreto, and brother of John Kane, a na-
tive of Londonderry, Ireland, aged 51 years.
[T^Frlend;- and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the late
residence, 729 Filbert street, by carriages.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, San Ma-
too County.
KELLY— In Hollister, January 1«. IS9S, Cath-
erino, beloved w.ie-nf JaUMfl P. Kelly, and
sister of Ellen. Susan and George Gray and
the late Mrs. Margaret McQuade, a native of
County Armagh, Ireland, aged 75 years.
LAFAYETTE— In the <"ity and bounty Hos-
pital, January 10, IS9S, Francis Emanucl
Lafayette, a native of France, aged 5$
years.
LOW— In this city, January 10, is??. Edward,
husband of Lizzie Low, a native of West In-
dies, aged 46 years.
MAGITIRE— In this city, January 9, ls?S, Kath-
erine, belovx-d wife of the late James Ma-
guire, and mother of Ethel and Lloyd Ma-
guire, a native of New York, aged 34 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2129 Mission street, near Twenty-first, thence
to St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, for services at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery, by carriage.
MADDEN— In Redlands, January 2, IS9S, J. P.
Madden of Og-denburg, New York.
McKENN A— January 9. IS9S, Marguerite U.,
beloved daughter of Edward F. and Mary Me
Kenna, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months.
MARTIN— At her residence. 1070 Sixteenth
street, Oakland, January 10. IS9S, after a
short illness. Miss Maria I. Martin, sister of
the late Mrs. Jane H. Flint, and niece of the
late John Archibald.
ICT'Notice of funeral hereafter.
MURRAY— In this city, January 10. IS9S, Harry
Francis, beloved son of D. J. and Annie Mur-
ray, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
and 6 days.
NORMAN— In Dunsmuir, December 25, 1897,
Judge J. W. T. Norman, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 53 years.
NICHOLS— In this city, January 9, 1898,
Charles F. Nichols, a native of New Jersey,
aged 56 years 4 months and 16 days.
in7"Frien.i« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mr. and Mrs. James G. Dyer, 822
Dolores street, near Twenty-second. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— this city, January 9, IS9S, Dan-
iel O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged 55
years. - . -. . ,
PEDERSEN— the City and County Hospital.
January 9, IS9B. Mary Pedersen, a native of
Sweden, aged 57 years
OCHOA— In Jenny Lind, January 3, 1<!)S. Jesus
Ochoa, a native of California, aged about 40
years.
O'CONNOR— In San Diego. Ca)., January 10,
IS9B, John O'Connor, a native of Ireland, aged
74 years.
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
PONSAR— In this city. January 8. 1898. Frank
I'onsar, a native of Germany, aged 40 yeara
6 months and 11 days.
C?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at g o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street, near.
Sixth, thence to St. Anthony's Church, Army
street, between Howard and Folsom. where
a high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing . at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PRATT— In the City and County Hospital,
January 10, IS9B, child of Annie Pratt, a na-
tive of California, aged 9 days. , •
PIERCE— In San Jose, Cal.. January 7, 1898,
Mrs. • Mary T. Pierce, a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 29 years and 10 months.
RUCKER— In San Jose. January S. 189 S. Mrs.
Catherine Rucker, a native of Virginia, aged
75 years 11 months and 13 days.
REED— In Alameda. Cal., December 29, 1897,
Mrs. Eliza C. Reed, a native of Connecticut,
aged 86 years.
RONAN— In South San Francisco, January 8,
ISOS, Mary Ronan, dearly beloved wife of the
late James Ronan, and beloved mother of
John, James, Bernard, Anna and Joseph Ro-
nan and Mrs. D. Hart, Mrs. W. Lelghton.
Mrs. A. Knierr , and the late Mrs. W. Dea-
ble and Dennis Ronan, a native of County
Weslmeath, Ireland, aged 64 years. (Wis-
consin, Maryland and Brooklyn papers please
copy.> •;- ■'''<:'■ ■ ■
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her son, John Ronan, Eleventh ave-
nue, between Railroad avenue and M street
south, thence to St. Brendan's Church, cor-
ner Harrison and Fremont streets, for serv-
ices. • Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ROSE— In Redlands. January 5, 1593, Mary E.
Rose, aged 29 years.
SILLAS— In Petersburg. January 2, 1898, Juana
Sillas, a native of Mexico, aged about 70
years. X:;*..-.-. . -;.,..
STEPHENS— In the City and County Hos-
pital, January 10, IS9B, Ferdinand Stephens,
a native of Germany, aged 51 years.
SEXTON— In this city, January 10, IS9S. Eliza-
beth S.. beloved daughter of Peter and Annie
P. Sexton, a native of Benicla. cal., aged 11
years 5 months and 18 days.
SHINICK— In tho City and County llospltaL
January 10, ISSS, Mary Schinick, a native of
Ireland, aged 51 years.
TAYLOR— In Alameda. January 9, IS9S, Lena,
beloved wife of William G. Taylor and
daughter of Magdalena Heidt and the late
George Heidt, a native of Ohio, aged 44
years 1 month and 3 days. (Cincinnati pa-
pers please copy.)
IC?Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Tuesday) at 1 o'clock, fron. the Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner of Park street and
Central avenue, Alameda. Interment at
Mountain View.
ZEOLIO— In this city. January 9, IS9B, Ellen,
beloved wife of David Zeglio, mother of Rev.
J. B. O'Connor, O. P., and Sister Mary
Philippa of tho Sisters of Mercy, Rincon
Hill, a native of Ireland.
[CJ"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 11 Wolf street, thence to St. Peter'f
Church, Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 a. m. Interment at Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. Please omit fiowers.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS i EMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln School. I
• ' ; ' TelephonejSonthBo^^^^^^^|
JAS. ENGLISH. . T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS. '/.
4t Van Ness aye., near Market ' St., ' San
Francisco. : Telephone So. 136. ." ' - •-. \ - ■
F. L. GUNTZ. H. W. GANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors & Embalmers.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE. .: ?
Telephone South 432. . ! : ? ■'■-:■ . ■ ! -; -
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVED ;
PERPETUAL CARE. -
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
Junction of Busb Street and Ceotrai
'j Avenue. San Francisco. "-
1314
FATHER LAGAN BELIEVES
DURRANT WAS GUILTLESS
The Priest Says the Condemned Man,
Speaking in Friendship, Pro=
fessed Innocence.
Makes an Excuse for the Murderer if He Passed
Into Eternity With a Lie on
His Lips.
There Is a. peneral impression that
Purrant just before he stepped <>n the
trap of ih" scaffold confessed his suilt
of the Emmanuel Church murders to
Rev. Father Lagan, the Catholic priest
•who stood by him in his dyin« hours.
If he did or if he did not the \v.>rld will
never know it- The reverend father
says Dorrant always protested his in
nocenre to him. and mako? an excuse
for him even if he died with a lie on
his lips. Futhrr Lagan tolls .>f his con
nection with the hanged man as fol
low s.:
••I have grained more notoriety in thl?
case than 1 anticipated or thought of,"
said Father Lagan yesterday, "'and a
great dru.l more Than any priest ran
relish or desire. As a great many peo
ple do not Beetn to understand the un
expected conversion of Durrant to the
Catholic faith on the morning of his
death I will simply state the fans of
the cape and the matters that led up
to his conversion.
"I never saw Durrant until I met him
at Son Quentin. I never re:?d more
than three columns of the history of
hip case as it was published in the pa
pers. When he came to San Quentin
I called on him as I call on all the un
fortunates who are taken there, irre
spective of race or religion. ?.nd he re
ceived me kindly nnd told me of his
happy experiences with Father Jacquet,
who called on him frequently in the
County Jail in San Francisco. I called
occasionally nft»-r that first meeting,
but we rarely talked of matters of re
ligion at our meetings.
"In the beginning: of our acquaint
ance we never discussed religious sub
jects. About nine months ago he told
me that he desired to have a Catholic
Bible, and he asked me to mark for him
the special passages that refer to the
great controversial questions between
the Catholics and the non-Catholics.
I grave him the Bible and pointed out
to him some of the principal passages
which he wished to study and investi
gate. I also gave him Cardinal Gib
bons' book of "Faith of Our Fathers."
and some other books explanatory of
the Catholic faith and practices. For
months afterward religion was not
mentioned between us. As Durrant's
confidence grew in me he became more
confidential and talked more freely on
various matters, particularly regard
ing his religious convictions. He com
plained of receiving unkind treatment
from his own ministers and clergymen
and I advised him to send for them and
have an understanding. I have never
yet asked any condemned man in San
Quentin to join the Catholic faith and
I would not make an exception with
Durrant. He asked me on a few oc
casions to explain the Catholic doctrine
of religious confession and sacramental
absolution. He inquired particularly
about our devotions to the Mother of
God and about purgatory and several
other questions of Catholic teaching. I
think I explained them to his satisfac
tion.
"During his occupation of the con
demned cell in November last I did not
visit him. After he returned to his
old cell in the main building I railed on
him and he asked me why I did not go
to see him at that time. I told him
he knew perfectly well the reason. If
I had prone t<> Bee him he might think
I was following him to convert him to
Catholicism. On that occasion he told
me he was thoroughly convinced of the
principal teaching of the Catholic
church and said: 'I cant become a
Catholic now. In my present position
I will be misrepresented and misunder
stood.' I said, 'Mr. Durrant, I have
never asked you to embrace the Catho
lic faith. If you are honest in your
present convictions you should follow
them to the logical end.' "
"I saw him again on the Sunday
after Christmas. The conversation
naturally turned to the same subject.
I advised him to read and pray for
God's guidance and direction. I saw
him again on the Wednesday before
his execution in the condemned cell.
Rev. Dr. Rader and Prison Chaplain
Drahms were just after visiting him.
He expressed sorrow that I did not
come earlier in the day. He said things
might have been different. I replied,
'Durrant, you are in good hands and
all right. If the worst comes, die like
a man in peace with God and the
world.'
"That was the last I saw of him un
til 1 was summoned on the morning of
the execution. 1 wont immediately to
San Quentin and discharged my duty
to the best of my ability i<> the unfor
tunate man. I stayed with him to the
last moment and stood over his hang
ing body till the doctors pronounced
life extinct.
"Durrant from the first to the last
NEW TO-DAY.
FOR ■■{
SKIN-TORTURED
And rest for tired mothers in a warm bath
•with Ccticcra Soap, and a single application
of Cuticura (ointment), the great skin cure.
Ccticura Remedies afford instant relief, .
and point to a speedy euro of torturing, dis-
figuring, humiliating, itching, burning, bleed-
ing, crusted, scaly skin and scalp humors,
•with loss of hair, when all olso fails. ",
Sold' throughout the world. Pottek Dues *>» €■»■.
Corp.. Sole Propn.. lin'tcn.
£5» "Hew to Cure Skin -Tortured Babies," free.
CIfHU CPAID » n<l ■ Hair • BesatJfled br '
OiVlil, OuMLr cuticuju. soap.
protested his innocence to me.
"As to the reports of Durrant havinp
made a confession of the murders to
me during religious confession I have
nothing to say. A question asking me
if he did or not is one that I cannot
answer. No power on earth can com
pel a priest to diselosp anything heard
in sacramental confession. His lips
are sealed for or against his penitent.
Therefore I cannot answer such a
question. I can pay, however, that on
every occasion when he talked openly
to me as a man and a citizen and a
friend he protested his innocence, and
while in the beginning I was more or
less prejudiced against him I confess
that in the end he so gained my con
viction that 1 believed him thoroughly
innocent.
"Lately many people, and amonc
them prominent lawyers of San Ra
fael, told me that Durrant did not re
ceive the trial he should have had, and
that they would not bans him or any
other man under the circumstances by
which the dead man went to the scaf
fold.
"Purrant always treated me in a
most respectful and gentlemanly way.
I must say the same of Mr. Durrant.
the father, and also of Mrs. Durrant.
I will also publicly state that most of
the newspaper reports of the proceed
ings in the condemned cell were
REV. FATHER LAGAN, DURRANTS CONFESSOR.
grossly exaggerated or made out of
whole cloth. Durrant went to his
death with feelings of forgiveness in
his heart for all people, as he expect
ed and hoped for from his God. He
received the sacraments with a do
cility and the simplicity of a child,
and on his bended knees he told the
story of his life to his God and his
confessor.
"Now about the belief of some that
he died with a lie on his lips. He ever
proclaimed his innocence, and how
could I believe he died with a lie on
his lips? Some people exaggerate this
into the malice of a mortal sin that
would damn his soul. I do not take
that view of the case, and I think
many people who talk of him create a
greater sin against charity that he
did against truth, even admitting that
it wasalie. Remember, l do not justify
lying. Durrant injured no one by it.
even if he did tell a lie. He had no
blame for any person. He cast uo
suspicion on any one. He did not in
jure the State. The State and the
people got their pound of flesh and
made him atone for his crime if
guilty. I have already said tuo much
on this matter, and this will be my
last reference to it. Now that I have
spoken I think it best to give the
whole story as it is. Now that he is
dead I hope that a morbid public will
let his memory rest in peace."
WILL BE INCINERATED.
The Body of Durrant to Be
Shipped to Los Angeles.
The body of Theodore Durrant will
be sent to Los Angeles this afternoon
for cremation. Last night arrange
ments were made with the Southern
California Crematory Association for
the disposition of the remains of the
executed murderer. Porter Bros., the
undertakers who have charge of the
work of preparing the body for its re
turn to earth, were notified to arrange
the remains for shipment south, and
to-day early they will take all that is
left of the dead man from the residence
of the Durrants, on Fair Oaks street,
and place it In a metal-lined casket
and send it away on the afternoon
train. Mr. Durrant said yesterday that
he had a faint hope of the crematory
of the south accepting it. Late in the
afternoon a dispatch was received from
the managers of the Crematory Asso
ciation of the south that the body
would not be received by them, but a
few hours later another message was
received, saying that the body would
be cremated at Los Angeles, and it will
be sent on to-day.
On the receipt of the first message
from the south Mr. Durrant commenc-
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 11, 1898.
Ed arrangements to dispose of the body
in the sea. He said he was afraid of
interring it in Holy Cross Cemetery on
account of vandals.
Will Not Stop With His Death.
Louis P. Hoardman. one of the coun
sel in the Durrant case, will remain in
Washington until Wednesday and then
leave for San Francisco via the South
ern route. He said to-night that al
though Durrant's attorneys had failed
to save him from the gallows, they
woul'l at least continue thfir efforts to
establish his inno< ence. and expressed
the opinion that there micht now be a
reaction of public sentiment, and that
his prosecutors might show a different
spirit. It is believed that Mr. Hoard
man and his associates will make a
thorough investigation of the alleged
confession of Rianther.
Mr. Hoardrnnn expressed indignation
When he read the report from San
Francisco that the erematorifs there
objected to ineerating Durrant's
remains. "I have a burial lot of my
own in San Francisco," said he. "and
the body can be buried there if his
parents wish it."
JAMES I. STANTON`S WILL.
Dr. Johr) Gallwey Narrjed as the
Sole Legatee ar)d Executor by
the Testament.
The last will of Dr. James I. Stanton
was filed for probate yesterday. Dr.
John Gallwey is named as the sole leg
atee and executor of the will, with full
power to sell and otherwise dispose of
the property as he sees fit. The tes
tator directed that $4000 of his estate
be set aside from which his sister,
Mrs. F. liarron, might monthly
draw |200 until she had settled her
financial affairs. After that time when
she saw her way clear she might re
turn the money to Dr. Gallwey, but in
the will it was requested that no incon
venience should be caused her in the
repayment of the money. The will Is
dated December 26. 1^97. two days
prior to the death of the testator, and
shows that a hand trembling with dis
ease directed the pen that told the
wishes of the deceased.
On the face of the will it would ap
pear that Dr. Qallwey had been the
only party to be remembered to any ex
tent, but as the deceased had given
large amounts to various relatives pri
or t.i his death, \t is easily understood.
During; his lifetime Dr. Stanton had
oft<-n expreFPnd his belief that he would
rather leave the property as a gift than
to hay any one unnecessarily troubled
concerning the probate thereof.
SAYS DOW WAS MURDERED.
(\ Brother of the Dead Man Scouts
the Police Theory of
Suicide.
William Dow. the brother of John H.
Dow, who waß found dead in hia shoot
ins: gallery at 815 Kearny street on the
evening of the 2d instant, arrived here
from Nebraska City. Nebraska. Sun
day and is thoroughly convinced that
his brother was murdered. "Working
on this theory it is his intention to em
ploy r very means he can to ferret out
the guilty party and bring him to jus
tice.
"Jack," h-=> said, "was not the kind of
a man to think of killing himself, and
I don't believe he did. Some of his
friends here havf* told me that he was
despondent a short time before his
death, but I doubt this very much, as
he was a man who always looked on
the bright aide of everything.
"I believe that Jack had more money
th?n has been discovered so far. I
know that ho was paid in Ihe neighbor
hood of $80 only a few days before his
death, and this has not be^n accounted
tot ;it all. He had three rings and
nun" of these have been found, so if
the police want a motive work on the
robbery theory as a chutee shot.
"We had a letter from Jack about
two months ago and ho was in the
best of spirits then and evidently had
plenty of money, for ho said that if we
needed any he could help us out. 1
h:ive not seen the books kept by my
brothpr. but as soon as I look over them
I can tell whether he had been doing
any business, as I used to be with him
and knew his system of keeping his
accounts.
"When I was coming out here last
week I met a gentleman on the train,
whose name I do not care to give at
present, who told me that he had seen
the girl. Babe' Wilson, in the city but
a short timf before Jack was "sho-t
From this I doubt the report which has
been circulated that she is in China.
"I understand that the police force
think Jack's death was a case of sui
clde, but nothing can convince me that
he killed himself, and until the contra- i
ry is proved I will always believe that i
he was murdered. Believing as I do,
I intend to employ detectives to inves
tigate the matter, and will leave no
ptono unturned to find out the truth,
and if it was a murder I will f-ndeavor
to have the guilty one brought to jus
tice."
Cure your cold with I^ow's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome st- •
HIS NOSE
BROKEN BY A
POLICEMAN
Serious Charges Pre
ferred Against Offi
cer Crowley.
Accused of Brutally As
saulting W. Gillmore, a
Bookkeeper.
After the Beating He Is Thrown
in Prison on Two Misde
meanor Charges.
BOTH CASES DISMISSED.
Officer Peter Oillen Also Accused of 1
Similitr Misconduct by Charles
VVillinms.
W. IT. Gillmoro. a bookkeeper, vis
ited polico h-adnuaru-rs last night, and
preferred charges against Officer John
Crowley of the Seventei nth-street sta
tion.
According to GOlinore's story he was
walking along Howard street on New
Year's morning, accompanied by seve
ral friends. Meeting policeman Crow
ley, Gillmore, who is acquainted with
him, started to 'josh" him. For a re
ply Crowley, it is claimed, drew his
club and struck Gillmore across the
face, breaking his no.se- and discoloring
both his eyes. He then handcuffed
him and took him to the City Prison
where he was charged with vulgar lan
guage and disturbing the peace.
When the case was called next day
in Judge Joachimsen'fl court GUlmore
was discharged. In telling his itory
last night Giilmore declared that Crow
ley owed him money and as he re
fused to pay him he threatened to
bring him before the Commissioners.
"After learning of my intention," re
marked the injured bookkeeper, "he
told a friend that he would do me up
at the first opportunity. My friends
and 1 were walking along Howard
street, celebrating the advent "f the
New Year, when Crowlej appeared. He
ordered us to stop singing and when
1 made some flippant reply he drew
his clul), and with an oath struck me
across the face.
"Although partly dazed by the blow
I told him that the assault was wholly
unwarranted and asked him for an ex
planation. F< 1 a replj be seised me
by the throat and aft> : choking me he
place,! his handcuffs or my wrist. 1
wa.- then taken to the City Prison and
formally charged. After bearing '),.
testimony in the case .1 :<ig»; Joachims'-n
promptly discharged ;:•<; and severely
criticized the office] for what he
termed his unseemiy conduct."
Gillmore sti!l bea:> 'he nurKs caused
by the policeman's i üb. His nose is
hopelessly broken and a discoloration
under the left eye bears silent testi
mony t<> the brutal treatment which
he received. To-day he will formally
prefer charges against his assailant.
police;), an Peter Gillen of Captain
Wittman's division has been cited to
appear before the Police Commission
ers to-morrow night. Like Crowley he
is accused of breaking a mans nose
during a row. His victim is Charles
Williams of 1324 Pacific street.
Williams in his complaint, which was
filed yesterday, leclares that Gillen on
New Year's morning struck him with
his clfnehod fist, breaking his nose. He
then placed him under arrest for dis
turbing the peace. Desk Sergeant
Brown refus- '1 t<> receive him until his
nose was patched up, and he ordered
him taken to the Receiving Hospital.
To the Burgeon who Pressed his nose
Williams gave his name as Joseph Kel
ly. Ho waa afterward taken to the
city prison :;t!<l formally booked. The
following da) hifl case was heard by
Judge Conlan. and he was discharged
from custody.
The accused "fticor is th*» brother of
Captain Qlllen of the Seventeenth
street station md is held in high
esteem by his superior officers.
A POPULAR
APPOINTMENT
Ina D. Coolbrith Elected Libra
rian of the Mercantile
Library.
A popular appointment was made last
evening, when Ina D. Coolbrith, a poet
ess of local and foreign fame, was
chosen Librarian of the Mercantile Li
brary, to succeed Henry R. Coleman.
Miss Coolbrith, who Is a resident of
Oakland, was for years the librarian
of the Oakland Free Library, and her
labors Inevitably resulted in satisfac
tion. For th<- past few months she has
been favorably mentioned for the posi
tion which slu- will now hold, and iast
evening her many friends were satisfied
to hear of her appointment.
Miss Cooibrttta has not only had an
extended experience aa a librarian, but
has for years been identified with the
best literary lif. of the coast. Her po
etry is so delicate and true as to have
excited much admiration among critics,
and had the writer lived in the East.
or possessed the faculty "f seeking ap
plause, her fame would have been even
greater than it at present is. Miss
Coolbrith has not been strong of late,
and a few months agfr reports of her
failing health excited much apprehen
sion, it hoing thought atone time that
she would never again be equal to the
routine of official du t y .
NEW TO-DAY.
In Tirelessly Waging
of life the nerves are / __ -
tl.e worst sufferer*. \V\Ck Raft I A
I Dr. Miles' New Srs- HI" DCllLit?
tern of rentoratlTe Remedies ha»e sustained
many weary men and r.oxncn when physical
and mental exhaustion gecmed Imminent,
When the brain is all in a whiil. when the
dead, oppresnlTe Dam at the base of brain Is
almost unbearable, or when iho eyes are
fairly dancing from (hooting nenrslgic agony
rv | « ( | « 'across the forehead
UP. from temp'.e to tern-
7,11 IT ""c;^ Pie. get a bottle of
I Bold by all druggist*
Hi'Hlrr Nervine.
. PS. Mi' Eft MEBICM.XO.. £Üb»f t. lad.. I
NEW TO-DAY.
DELAYED IN TRANSIT I
THROWN ON THE MARKET I
THROWN ON THE MARKET
A TREMENDOUS SACRIFICE!
On the first of December we purchased for SPOT I
CASH from the leading New York importers and manufac- 1
turers about 200 CASES OF GOODS for delivery here on |
the 20th, but owing to delay in transit we did not receive |
them until last Thursday, since which time we have had |
a large force engaged in uncasing and marking them at a
PRICES TO INSURE THEIR QUICK DISPOSAL, as the near |
arrival of our regular Spring Importations makes Their |
Immediate Sacrifice Imperative. |
The importance of this sale over the various clear- |
ance sales now in progress cannot be overestimated, as |
These Goods Are All New, Fresh and Clean and include |
the best productions in Black and Colored Dress Goods, I
Silks, Laces, Gloves, Ribbons, Cloaks, Hosiery, Under- I
wear, Men's Furnishings, Domestics, etc., All To Be 1
Forced Out at reductions that will make it |
THE GREATEST' SALE EVER WITNESSED,
MEN'S FURNISHINGS BLANKETS! BLANKETS! I
1C r 75 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' ALL - SILK
ItJC. SCARFS in Tecks, four-in-hands, band and
shield bows, etc., all satin lined, extra value
for 25c, will be closed out at 15c each.
pi f 2 cases MEN'S FULL-FINISHED CASHMERE
l£ 2 1. SOCKS with double heels and toes, in sanitary
and camel's hair colors, worth $2.50 dozen, will be
closed out at 12^c pair.
IC r 62 dozen MEN'S HEAVY UNDYED MERINO
■«*'• SOCKS, made with double spliced heels and toes,
regular price $3 dozen, will be closed out at 15c per
pair.
« r 20 dozen MEN'S TENNIS FLANNEL NIGHT-
tWw. SHIRTS, made extra large and of good heavy
material, extra value for Gsc, will be closed out at
35c each.
IZ r 45 dozen MEN'S HEAVY DUCK AND M.^DRAS
COS,. OVERSHIRTS, in black navy and light colors;
extra good value for 50c, will be closed out at 35c
each.
Eft r 75 dozen MEN'S HEAVY CAMEL'S HAIR UN-
3vt. DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted
shrunk; extra good value for 75c, will be closed
out at 50c each.
■ '
Eft r 60 dozen MEN'S UNDYED HEAVY WOOL UN-
tJIHr. DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted
shrunk; extra good value for 75c, will be closed
out at 50c each.
Cl Aft 42 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FINE AUSTRALIAN
<i>!.WW. WOOL AND CAMEL'S HAIR MIXED UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, warranted thoroughly j
shrunk: regular price $1.50, will be closed out at
$1 each.
LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
HOSIERY ANDJJNDERWEAR.
|A r 100 dozen CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK COT-
IUU TON HOSE, double heels and soles, odd sizes;
regular price $2 dozen, will be closed out at 10c the
pair.
|fl r 150 dozen LADIES' FAST BLACK COTTON
lWt. HOSE, full finished, extra heavy; usual price $2.50
dozen, will be on sale at 10c pair.
in- 75 dozen LADIES' PLAID AND ROMAN STRIP-
4VC. ED LISLE THREAD HOSE; also BLACK
BOOT, with colored top: usual price $7 dozen, will
be sold for 40c the pair.
>}* 30 dozen BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY GRAY MER-
L"\o, INO VESTs, sizes 26 to 34; regular value $4
dozen, will be on sale at 20c each.
-IA,, 200 dozen LADIES' SILVER GRAY .FLEECED
£«*• LINED VESTS, very heavy: also DRAWERS to
match; regular price $4.50 dozen, will be closed out
at 20c each.
7fl- 150 LADIES' RIBBED EGYPTIAN VESTS,
LUC. extra heavy fleeced lined; also DRAWERS, same
quality, in all sizes; worth $4 dozen, will be on sale
at 20c each.
7C- 50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL
£t)C. VESTS, camel's hair, in all sizes, usual price $6
dozen, will be cleared out for 25c each.
Sft- 60 dozen LADIES' GRAY WOOL, VESTS, all
DUv. sizes; also DRAWERS to correspond; worth $9
dozen, will be on sale at 50c.
7C r 50 dozen LADIES' NATURAL GRAY WOOL
IDC. VESTS, extra heavy, with ribbed skirts; also
drawers to match; good value for $1; will be sold
at 75c each.
2Zr 25 dozen LADIES' UNION SUITS, gray and
Ot)C. Egyptian fleeced lined: good value for $7 dozen,
will be closed out at 35c each.
*7 AC 12 dozen of the famous BADGER KNIT LADIES'
$£."3. UNION SUITS in white, black and gray, finest
wool, regular $4 the suit; will be closed out at
$2.95.
CORSETSTjJORSETS!
iC- 50 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, well boned, two
43C. side steels, perfect fitting, drab and black; regu-
lar value 75c, will be on sale at 45c.
ITO THE PURCHASING PUBLIC. We reB P ectf ""y invite a personal inspection of our offer- t
infes, which will bo found to be UNQUESTIONABLY THE I
GREATEST BARGAINS KVER PRESENTED IN HIGH-GRADE, FASHIONABLE GOODS. |
: : • ' i
Begins (){WM^^' Begins
To=Day /ffl^^!^*^ To=Day |
I i_| I Ml m MURPHY BUILDING, / j _j
[/[/ ffiartet Street, Corner of Jone^ /
"•_ . ■ Ran Frajacisocx. . X .
g
High-grade white 10-4 BLANKETS, almost pure 6J LZ I
wool, «i good, warm bed covering; thatwere $3.75 v^»™*^ I
pair, now reduced to Pair B
EXTRA FINE WHITE LAWB'S WOOL BLAN- «i CA I
KETS, fully 6 feet wide, a $6 value, now reduced V*'*'" I
to Pair H
— — — H
\*ERY SOLIDLY WOVEN WHITE CALIFOR- tfC CA B
NIA BLANKETS, an extra size and 7 pounds $*)•*>» g
weight; were $7.50 pair, now cut to Pair ■
200 pairs SILVER GRAY RED BLANKETS, an &J 7C g
elegant fabric, 10-4 size, were $4 pair, now cut to «?*«•■«' H
Pair R
FINE ALL-WOOL GRAY "KLONDIKE" BLAN- CA 00 i
KETS, special make; a $12.50 value, special this «p7.vv g
week at ' Pair n
EXTRA GRADE LAMB'S WOOL GRAY"KLON- Cll 00 1
DIKE" BLANKETS, special make. 12 pounds «?"•«» m
weight; a $15 value, special this week Pair r
A small lot best grade GRAY "KLONDIKE " $12 CA I
BLANKETS. 15 pounds weight, special make; V tVtV v I
special this week at Pair If
BROWN ALL-WOOL "KLONDIKE" BLAN - $5 CQ g
KETS, solid weave, 7 pounds weight, worth $6.50 «jW»«>7 Eg
pair, special this week Pair m
VERY SPECIAL. I
"KLONDIKE BLANKETS in gray, brown, dark M
Oxford, in a grand array, from 5 to 16 pounds I
weight; at less than present value of wool. |
VERY SPECIAL. E
GOOD GRADE FLANNELETTES, heavy, soft ■
and warm, at 3c lard X
LACE DEPARTMENT. I
1 r\r* 200 dozen LADIES' PURE LINEN HANDKER- I
IUCi CHIEFS, hand embroidered initial; value 25c, on ■
special sale at 10c each. - Eg
< c rt 150 dozen LADIES' PURE LINEN HANDKER- |
lOCi CHIEFS, hand embroidered; initial value 35c, on ■
special sale at 15c each. I
-,1 200 dozen LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED I
i^Ci HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted patterns; extra »
value at $1.50 dozen, on special sale at 7%c each. E
1A 175 dozen LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED i
(A 175 dozen LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED
IUCi HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted patterns; value g
$1.75 dozen, on special sale at 10c each. H
0 500 dozen CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS, %
dCi white and fancy borders; value 40c dozen, on spe- fj
cial sale at 2c each. M
0 3000 yards HAMBURG EMBROIDERY, assorted B
OCi patterns, value sc; on special sale at 3c yard. lJ
/ji r 3000 yards HAMBURG EMBROIDERY, assorted g
D4CI patterns; value 10c, on special sale at 6^4c yard. M
1O j 3000 yards WHITE LAWN EMBROIDERY, gui- B
1 C.2"' pure effects; extra jyalue at 20c, on special sale at H
12V£c yard. WMNWpagMr«» :f ■ji^^ Mm ,
INFANTS' WHITE SILK CAPS. I
or. 5 dozen EMBROIDERED SILK CAPS; worth I
cOCi 40c, will be offered at 25c. ,vO H
p-/\ 5 dozen PRETTILY TRIMMED SILK CAPS; ft
OUCi worth $1; will be offered at 50c. *
/>a- 5 dozen SILK CAPS, finished with plain or fancy I
UuL.t ruchings; worth $1.25, will be offered at 60c. |:
-7Cp 5 dozen SILK CAPS, embroidered and finished B
1 JUi with a fancy niching; worth $1.50, will be offered ■
at 75c. ' • ' t
COLORED CAPS. I
cr\n 5 dozen SILK CAPS in navy brown and cardinal, I
JvUi finished with narrow band of plush; worth $1, will I
be offered at 50c. ■ . ' g