VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO? 102.
PRESIDENT KNOWS A MINE
DESTROYED THE MAINE
KIRKLAND SAYS
WAR CAN. HARDLY
BE AVOIDED
America and Spain Lined Up for
Battle, and the Least Incident
May Precipitate a
Crisis.
VALLEJO, March n.— The Mo
hican, with her load of apprentice boys
and her sixty tons of ammunition, has
left Mare Island. The ammunition is
to be taken to the cruiser Baltimore
at Honolulu, which will distribute it to
the cruisers Olympia and Boston and to
the gunboat Petrel. As to the boys, a
nir.e months' cruise is before them
through all the loveliness of the south
ern seas, to Samoa and New Zealand
and then up the coast of South America,
off to Honolulu again and home to San
Francisco for their New Year's dinner.
Mare Island having safely disposed of
one day's sensation, turns for the next
to the night sessions of workmen,
which Uncle Sam's peremptory orders j
have made necessary.
From Vallejo the navy yard present?
an interesting sight up to io o'clock at'
night. The lights are all aglow in the
various shops and the pounding of steel
and iron is distinctly to be heard. But
wait till the full number of men — over
200 more than were employed at the
navy yard last week — shall answer the
telegraphic messages sent out yesterday
and to-day from Commandant Kirk
land's office. Then the small army of
workers is to be divided into three
shifts of eight hours each and the
sonorous symphony of hammer taps in
all keys that is now being performed on
board the Charleston will extend to the
Philadelphia and Vorktown. which are
still lying out in the stream. Then the
real Western overture to the Spanish-
American war will begin — at least Mare
Island authorities say so. All day and
all night the work will go on. Electric
lighting will serve the men at night, -and
the three ships will be ready for Uncle
Sam's commission at the end of the
forty days he has given for this work
Besides this Admiral Kirkland has re
ceived to advertise for machin
ists, several hundred of them, to supply
the sudden demand for skilled labor the
war scare has developed.
"This Klondike business has made
men very scarce," said the admiral to
day. "We're very short-handed. Every
mechanic, everybody that can go, is
going up to the gold fields, and pre'll
have to look all over the State before
we get the number of men we require.
You see, not only are the men going
up to Klondike, but crowds of them are
being employed in San Francisco fit
ting out vessels to sail for Alaska. Wei!
take all the machinists we can i?et and
the work will go on day and night till
the ships are ready."
"And do* you really think there will
be war?" the ranking rear-admiral of
all the navy v is asked.
The admiral blew a thoughtful whiff (
WORKING ON THE CHARLESTON BY ELECTRIC LIGHT.
REBELLIOUS ISLANDS.
Copyrighted. 1S?8. by James Gordon
Bennett.
MANILA. via Hongkong,
March 11. — The rebels continue
their hostility. They have at
tacked the Spanish quarters at
Subig and Apolit. capturing
arms and ammunition. The
northern provinces are affected.
Many rich natives and half
castes are closing business and
leaving the islands. The natives
refuse to pay taxes.
The land lines in connection
with the cable at Manila were
destroyed on March 7, near Bo
linao. No particulars are ob
tainable.
from his cigar and settled himself com
fortably in the big leather arm-chair in
front of his desk, which, like the hills
about Vallejo. is blooming in yellow.
Only that the admiral's desk yields tele
grams from Washington instead of pop
pies and buttercups.
"It's hard telling," he said, following
the haze of pale blue smoke with a spec
ulative eye. "Spain and America are
lined un for battle now. It may come at
the drop of a hat. We can have war if
we want it. And Spain can have war
if she wants it. The smallest thing now
is likely to bring it about. My personal
opinion is" — the admiral hesitated —
"well. I don't see how we're going to
avoid it.
"It'll do us good, too. though neither
Spain nor the United States is in a po
sition to benefit materially by war. But
it'll teach us Americans that we can't
conquer the world with our chins."
Admiral Kirkland is very tall, florid
rather, with hair that looks more a pale
blond than gray; shrewd, twinkline
gray eyes and a gallant, bluff, jovial
manner such as is the birthright of the
ruler of the seas. He laughed aloud as
he alluded to what has been called the
Yankee method of fighting. Admiral
Kirkland was reminded that once unon
a time, in 1812, the American navy had
done some fighting, and not with chins.
"1812!" he repeated. "Why. England
was busy over in the Old World. She
didn't give us much of her attention.
No, we haven't had a chance to fight
against one of the big powers. And I'll
tell you one thing that this trouble with
Spain will teach us. When the United
States realizes the trouble she's put to
in being unprepared for war with a
bankrupt country like Spain, it'll give
us some idea of what we'd have to do
■anvd. puoD*s uo panunuoo
The San Francisco Call
GENERAL ALGER
IS WORKING AT
HIGH PRESSURE
Orders Will Be Issued To-Day
Forming a New Military De
partment With Headquar
ters at Atlanta.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, March 11.
The most important and signifi
cant deve'opments of the day were
the decision of the House Naval
Committee to place in the naval ap
propriation bill a provision for three
new battle-ships, and a conclusion
on the part of the Secretary of War
to issue to-morrow morning an or
der creating a new military depart
ment, including within its confines
thai part of the country which
would be in all likelihood nearest
the field of hostilities in case it
should come to that.
The order will cause a commotion in
: the South. The present Department of
Texas is abolished, and the headquarters,
I which have been at San Antonio, Tex., for
so many years, are abandoned.
In place of the old department is created
a new one — the Department of the South.
General Graham, at present the commander
of the Department of Texas, will command
| the new department. This department will
' include the States of South Carolina, Geor
! gia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louis
\ iana and Texas. All of these States, save
the last, are at present attached to the De
partment of the East, under command of
■ General Merritt of New York. It is said at
I the department that General Merritt is
fully compensated for the strength of the
I command which passes away from him by
' the addition to his forces of the two regi
! ments of artillery now recruiting. Head
quarters of the new Department of the
South will be at Atlanta, Ga., chosen be
cause of its fine strategical value and from
its excellent railroad connections. At pres
ent (he Government has no accommodations
in Atlanta for the headquarters of the
department, so it will be obliged to hire the
most available buildings.
General Wilson, chief of engineers, who
has been in Florida, is expected back to
morrow to report to Secretary Alger upon
the progress of the fortification works in
that section of the country, and probably
especially as to the defense of Tortugas.
For the first time to-day the officials of
the War Department admitted that they
were straining every nerve to improve that
part of the defenses of the country confined
to their care. It is without question the
most unusual mark of confidence in an
executive officer to empower him to give
orders without limit on the purchase of war
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
CUBA TO BE FREE.
NEW YORK. March 11.— The
Washington correspondent of
the Herald sends the following:
A.n Ohio man who is very close
to t'n- administration said to
nifrht that the President had
made up his mind that the in
dependence of Cuba is inevi
table. No one could be surprised
Lo see a demand for indemnity
for the blowing up of the Maine
md the death of the American
sailors accompanied by a demand
'or the immediate ending of the
,var.
The Herald has repeatedly
'or a week foreshadowed this
>robable action and shown that
he most likely developments of
he situation would be the treat
nent of the Maine disaster and
he insurrection in Cuba as kin-
Ired subjects.
I can also say on authority
hat the recognition of the inde
pendence of Cuba is impending.
Matters are very rapidly taking
ihape in the public mind. The
'resident will act very speedily
ifter the receipt of the report
>f the Court of Inquiry, and the
>üb!ic will at once be taken into
lis confidence. He is shaping
lis plans so that he will have a
inited Congress behind him, just
is he had on the bill for the na
ional defense.
material, yet this is what the President
and Secretary Alger have done in the case
of Genera/ Flagler, Chief of Ordnance.
And that officer has not shown any disposi
tion to shirk this large responsibility, but
has instructed every concern capable of
supplying war materials, such as rapid-fire
guns, shot, shell and ammunition, to go to
work at full capacity.
SCENE AT HAVANA
DEPICTED BY WIRE.
Hummel's Invention Utilized to Il
lustrate the Arrival of the
Montgomery.
NEW YORK, March 11.— The Her- [
aid to-morrow will print the latest por- i
trait of General fiomez and a picture j
of the cruiser Montgomery entering '
Havana harbor and saluting Morro Cas
tle. They were sent from Key West,
and received by means c-f the transmit
ter and receiver invented by Ernest A.
Hummel, a manufacturing jeweler of
St. Paul, Minn. The distance Is over
2000 miles, and the work was success- i
fully accomplished in a short space of j
tim* 1
THE COURT'S REPORT
IN HIS POSSESSION
SINCE SUNDAY LAST
While the American People Are Shocked
at This Awful National Crime, the
Kaiser Says the Yankees Shall
Never Take Cuba. .
THE KAISER
FAVORS SPAiN.
MADRID, March 11.— The Cor
respondencia to-day printed a
telegram from Berlin stating
that at a family dinner party
last night Emperor William
said: "What I declare is that as
long as William II is Emperor of
Germany the Yankees shall not
take possession 1 of Cuba."
Call Office, Biggs House,
Washington, March 11.
It is now certain President McKin
ley has received in advance an inti
mation of the findings of the naval
court, and tnere is scarcely a doubt
i he has been thus informed for near
■ly a week. It is suspected Stenog
rapher Hulz of the Naval Court came
' to Washington to submit to him in
advance this information. The rea
son the President desired the find
ings of the court in advance of its re
port is obvious to all. He wanted
to gain time in which to make prepa
ration for possible trouble that might
ensue from Spain's refusal to grant
the large indemnity that will be de
manded. This also accounts for the
slow proceedings of the court.
Besides, there is no longer the
least doubt that the President will at
first propose a peaceful intervention
in Cuban affairs, and that failing in
' this the independence of Cuba will be
recognized. It was stated to-day by
one who knows the facts that on Sun
, day last President McKinley knew
the Naval Court would report that
; tha Maine had been destroyed by de
sign. Hence his request for fifty
million dollars for national defense,
made on the next day.
It was also declared this afternoon
that on Sunday last the President
was informed the evidence taken by
the Naval Court would show the
Maine was destroyed by a torpedo,
manipulated by Spanish artillery of
ficers from ashore, but that in visw
of the letters received from Consul
General Lee and Senator Proctor Pres
ident McKinley hesitated to believe
this, and concluded to await the re
port of the Naval Court before mak
REAR ADMIRAL WILLIAM A. KIRKLAND, U. S. N.
THE COURT FINDS
POSITIVE PROOF OF
SPANISH TREACHERY
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The report
of the Court of Inquiry investigating the
Maine disaster will contain the following
statements: "The disaster in Havana
Harbor was due to the explosion of a sub
marine mine. This mine was planted by
officials of the Spanish Government and
exploded by Spanish officials in Havana.
The Maine was purposely moved to the
vicinity of this mine, and the explosion
was evidently timed when the Maine
should, through the influence of the wind
and tide, lay directly over it. Traces of
the submarine mine were discovered by
the court and previous to the explosion
by Lieutenant Jenkins, who was killed by
the explosion."
; ing any further recommendation to
Congress.
To-day evidence is accumulating
to sKow that the Spanish officers had
knowledge of the plot to destroy the
Maine, even if they did not partici
pate in the dastardly work. These
rumors were abroad early this morn
ing. Secretary Long, when ques
tioned, endeavored to evade the query
by denying that the administration
had any advance information, but
the Washington correspondents, who
at first implicitly believed the state
ments made by those high in author
ity, have been deceived once too oft
en, and are now ready to swallow
with a few grains of salt the infor
mation given them by Government
officials.
All is fair in war. and perhaps the
officials may be excused for resort
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SIXTY MILLIONS
FOR WARSHIPS.
LONDON. I arch 11.— The
American embassy has received
information which induces the
belief that the amount raised by
Spain for the purchase of war
ships is sixty millions of dollars,
which sum has been deposited in
a London bank.
ing to the fine art of "gilded" di
plomacy (otherwise known as lying),
but the Washington correspondents
have lost faith in the information
given them.
It is asserted confidently and is2
INQUIRY BOARD
NEARING THE END
OF ITS LABORS
Belief That the Official Report
Will Soon Be in the Hands
of the PresideQt.
Copyrighted, ISSB, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 11.— The court of Inquiry to-day took no new
evidence, but spent the usual time in executive session, discussing
the forthcoming report and studying the structural plans, diagrams,
photographs, drawings and reports already made by the divers. Cap
tain Sampson has entirely recovered from the slight indisposition of
yesterday, caused by exp sure in the hot sun while inspecting the
wreck, and occupied his customary place to-day.
The work of the divers, Ensign Powelson and Mr. Hoover, was
going on to-day as usual, particular attention being given the three
group plates which now project conspicuously above the vater line.
Much of the surrounding wreckage has been removed by the wreck
ers but the greatest cure is taken not to disturb these particular
sections of the shir * structure. For several days scores of pho
tographs, taken at close range from every possible point of view,
have been made by the official photographer, showing the great im
portance attached to the appearance and shape of these portions of
the wreck. They are watched continually by officers in charge of the
'^The belief is hold here that the Court of Inquiry will now speed
ily conclude its sessions and take its departure. No authority can be
obtained for saying the court is near the end of its work, but the indi
cations all point to that conclusion.
Captain Sampson last night sent an extensive cipher dispatch to
the Navy Department. 1 am told by one in a position to know that
the dispatch was of considerable importance, and will result in de-.
velopments in the near future. Asked whether it meant that the re
port would be made next week, my informant replied that it was im
possible to say more than he had. He did add however th t several
important though not sensational developments will be maae in Ha
an The°sar- gentleman cited as proof that the Spanish and American
divers are working along the same lines and are in accord the
fa^t that yesterday the Spanish and American divers went together
to the bottom of the harbor and brought to the surface a sack of mud
from under the large forward magazine.
generally believed to-night that as
early as last Sunday the Navy De
partment received, through Captain
Sampson and Judge Advocate Manx,
information that the Maine had been
blown up by a submarine mine ex
ploded by Spanish officials from a
connection on shore, and fixing upon
tne Spanish Government the full re
sponsibility for the deed.
This information comes from a
source which cannot be questioned in
spite of the fact of Secretary Long's
denial.
It is believed that every act of the
President, his Cabinet and Congress
since that time has been based upon
this information. The haste with
which Congress on Monday following
the day this information was re
ceived appropriated fifty mil
lions of dollars for the national
defense, the preparations for war, the
steps for recruiting the army and
navy and for the purchase of war
ships, all indicate it.
There are a great many explana
tions offered at the Navy Depart
ment that do not bear analysis. It
has been given out that it would be
a violation of the rules for any mem
bers of the Board of Inquiry to give
any information whatever concern
ing the Maine disaster or the testi
mony in advance of the finding of
the board, and yet there is no con
cealment made of the fact that let
ters are now on file at the Navy De
partment which have been received
from Captain Sampson and other
members of the board since the in
vestigation began giving informa
tion of the developments. Some of
these letters have been given to the
press when their tone was of such a
character as to allay public alarm.
This appears to be sufficient an
swer to the statement that the regu
lations would not permit the giving
of such information by any member
of the board to the proper official au
thority. Besides, the rules ana reg
ulations made for the ordinary guid
ance of courts of inquiry would not
be permitted to stand in the way of
high official action in a great emer
gency. The President of the United
(states is commander-in-chief of the
army and navy, and it is hardly like
ly if he intimated that he desired
certain information from a court of
inquiry in an emergency which might
mean war he would, be denied it.
This position is maintained by
nearly all the competent authorities
in the Wavy Department. There is the
best of authority for stating that all
the material facts are in the posses
sion of the President, and he has
been kept advised day by day of the
proceeding's of the Board of Inquiry.
Lieutenant Jenkins, it is learned,
had located the submarine mine
which caused the explosion, discov
ered its shore connection and held
this knowledge when he perished on
the Maine. This fact has been offi
cially communicated to the President.
The information, it is said, shows
that by the complicity of the Spanish
officials the Maine was directed to
change her anchorage and was placed
in such a position that she swung di
rectly over the mine, and when she
was in the proper 'position for the
work to be effective the mine was ex
ploded by means of the shore con
nection.
There seems to be no reasonable es
cape from these facts, in view of the
source of information. Official de
nials are to be expected under the
circumstances. Usually they are
technical. They have been put forth
at every point in the Maine investi
gation to a.uay public feeling, but
have been swept away one after an
other by the developments of the in
quiry. On Wednesday afternoon it
was officially denied that Sir Julian
Pauncefote had made the visit he did
to the White House carrying British
assurances, but the significance and
importance of the visit have since
been confirmed even by the admin
istration. It is said and believed
that the work of the Board of In
quiry has been closed for several
days, so far as all important results
are concerned, end that the President
is not without a single essential point
u/>on which to base official action.
Not only will the Naval Court
! state that a hole was found just
! above the keel of the Maine on the
j port side; that a part of the port side
and a greater portion of the forward
deck were blown off; that her ten
inch guns are lying in the mud
twenty feet away off the starboard
side; that all her plates, from the
keel to the water's edge, are pushed
up; that the powder magazines and
shell rooms are intact; that her bot
tom is all gone, and the boilers did
not explode, but it will aJso contain
the following statements:
"The disaster in Havana harbor
was due to the explosion of a sub
marine mine. This mine was plant
ed by officials of the Spanish Gov
ernment and exploded by Spanish of
ficials in Havana. The Maine was
purposely moved to the vicinity of
this mine, and the explosion was evi
dently timed when the Maine should,
through the influence of the wind
and tide, lay directly over it. Traces
of the submarine mine were discov
ered by tLe court, and, previous to
the explosion, by Lieutenant Jen
' kins, who was killed by the explo
sion."
This report, it is stated at the de
partment, will be brought to Wash
ington by Lieutenant Commander
Marix. Officials who are believed to
be in the possession of all the facts
are known to have scoffed at the re
ports printed in local and other pro-
Spanish newspapers to the effect that
an international court of inquiry will
be necessary before a final decision
can be reached. All naval officers
in this city who will express any
opinion at all in regard to the matter
say that American naval officials
would be insulted by such a proposi
tion.
While it is no doubt the policy of
the Cuban bondholders to bring such
a course about, public sentiment, it
is asserted, would make it impossi
ble. If Mr. McKinley concludes to
send a message on Cuba to Congress
on Tuesday, it is considered highly
improbable that any reference tc the
Maine disaster will be made at the
time. The mere forecast of the re
port of Captain Sampson and Lieu
tenant Commander Manx is not a
strong enough basis for action. The
President, they say, must await the
official report. That action in re
gard to both the wreck of the Maine
and Cuban independence is coming
very soon, no one at the department
seems to doubt.
THE STATIST INDULGES
IN A FEW REFLECTIONS.
Discusses the Financial Side of a
Possible War Between Spain
and America.
LONDON, March 12.— The Statist to
day discusses the financial side of a
possible Spanish-American war. After
pointing out the expense of hurriedly
creating an American army and
strengthening the navy, it agrees that
the United States would eventually ob
tain command of the sea, adding:
"Then, if Spain submitted, the expendi
ture would rapidly end and the war
might not cost very much."
Continuing the Statist says: "But if
Spain prolonged the contest, the United
States would find itself in an embar
rassing position. The creation of a
large army to drive Spain out of Cuba
would mean a very considerable ex
pense, and when accomplished what
would the United States do with Cuba?
Lastly, if Spain then refused to sub
mit, would America, after capturing
the Spanish West Indies,, extend the
war to Europe?"
Proffers His Steamships.
NEW YORK, March 11.— President
Griscom of the American Line arrived
from Washington to-day, and was in
consultation with James A. Wright,
I vi-ce-president of the line. He told Mr.
! Wright that he stopped off at Wash
i ington merely to tell Secretary Long
that the company at all times stood
ready to turn over to the Government
any one of its steamships for war pur
poses. From what Secretary Long said
to Mr. Griscom, Mr. Wright gathered
that there would be no immediate call
for any one of the steamships.
Torpedo Boats Accepted.
BRISTOL, R. 1., March 11.— The tor
pedo boats Talbot and Gwyn left here
this afternoon for Newport. It is un
derstood that they have been accepted
by the Government, and will go into
commission without delay.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
NEW WARSHIPS
FOR OUR NAVY
Offers for Vessels Now-
Building Probably
Accepted.
Department Believes It Has
Acquired the Amazonas
and Another.
Awaiting Final Notification From
the Naval Attache at
London.
Special DlsDatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 11.
The Navy Department has now rea
son to believe that it has secured the
two war ships, the Amazonas and her
sister ship, now building in England
for Brazil. It was stated at the Cab
inet meeting to-day by Secretary Long
that the naval attache at London, Lieu
tenant Colwell, had almost competed
the negotiations of the sale. So far,
however, final notification from him
that his offer has been accepted, has
not reached the Navy Department.
The day passed again without word
from the Court of Inquiry, according:
to the statement of Secretary Long,
who says that he had received nothing
whatever from the court itself, nor
from Judge Advocate Marix. The Sec
retary has determined that there shall
be no wasteful extravagance in his
department in the expenditure of the
funds so generously provided by Con
gress, and to this end he has ad
dressed the following letter to th* As
sistant Secretary of the Navy and the
commandant of the marine corps and
to each bureau chief of the Navy De
partment:
Sir: Under the emergency appropriation
Oi $50,000,000 made Wednesday you will
incur no expense or liability, except
after written statements made and esti
mate made by you and approved by the
President and Secretary, all in writing.
A special rt-cord must be kept of every
such requisition. If any such liability or
expense has been incurred by you by
oral direction make such written state
ment and estimate and submit it at once
for approval.
By order of the President.
Very respectfully,
JOHN D. LONG, Secretary.
In anticipation of a rupture between
the United States and Spain many of
ficers of the retired list have notified
the Secretary of the Navy of their will
ingness and readiness to perform any
duty in the line of tlfeir profession that
he may deem suitable for them. There
seems to be considerable misapprehen
sion on the part of the general public
as to the availability of officers on the
retired list for active duty in times of
war. Section 1462 of the Revised Stat
utes, bearing on this subject, provides
as follows:
No officer on the retired list of the navy
shall be employed on active duty except
in time of war.
Under this section it is apparent that
if war should break out all officers on
the retired list competent to serve will
be subject to the orders of the Secre
tary of the Navy. Another statute
bearing on this subject, contained in
sections 1463 and 1464, is as follows:
In time of war the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Sen
ate, may detail officers on the retired list
to the command of squadrons and single
ships when he believes that the good of
the service requires that they shall be so
placed in command. In making said de
tails the President may select iiny officer
not below the grade of commander and
assign him to the command of a squad
ron with the rank and title of "flag offi
cer," and any officer so assigned shall
have the same authority and receive the
same obedience from the commanders of
ships of his squadron holding commis
sions of an older date that he will be en
titled to receive if his commission was
the oldest.
It thus appears that the President has
power to assign any retired officer of
the navy to duty during the progress
of war, but that he can assign him to
the command of squadrons or ships
only by and with the consent of the
Senate. There are many officers on
the retired list in the full enjoyment
of health and mental vigor, despite the
fact that the' are now past 62 years
of age, whose ability and experience
would undoubtedly be of great advan
tage to the nation in case it proved ne
cessary to go to war In the defense of
its honor and dignity. Notable among
these is Rear Admiral John G. Walker,
recently retired for age, and who is
now engaged in special duty as presi
dent of the Nicaragua Canal Commis
sion.
SPAIN YET HOPES
TOJ3ONQUER CUBA.
Attitude of «.ne Madrid Government
as Stated by Senor
Moret.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, March 11.— Senor Moret's
speech at the last banquet on the oc
casion of the Grand Cross of Carlos 111
being conferred on the Governor of this
province, may be taken as the reply of
the Government to American outbursts
and an exposition of the attitude of
Spain in the whole matter. Among the
most pregnant expressions were these:
"What is the great difficulty against
which we fight? Civil war and insur
rection in Cuba, to which there are
several corollaries. Most prominent are
the forces at work to sustain it. We,
I affirm, are entirely confident that
we can terminate the insurrection and
that we are nearing the solution of the
problem. It has been' said that au
tonomy is a failure. This is false and
mendacious. The policy of the Liberal
Government is giving grand and evi
dent results. As proof of it Cuba is be
ing converted from a devastated into a
productive country. Production is be
ing augmented, cultivation is extend
ing, property is increasing in value and
prosperity is returning."
m
CHILEAN GOVERNMENT
HAS SOLD NO SHIPS.
N«ither the Warship O'Higgins Nor
Any Other Vessel Placed on
the Market.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, March 11.— In an interview
to-day Chilean Consul General Jaroni
mo Ossa authorized me to say he was
in a position to assert that the Chilean
Government had not sold the warship
O'Higgins nor any vessel in construc
tion to Spain or any other nation.
Spain Given More Time.
NEW YORK, March 11.— According
to a Madrid dispatch another intima
tion has been conveyed to Spain ex
tending the time to May 1 for the re
storation of peace in Cuba. Spain ad
mits that it is impossible to establish
autonomy in Cuba or pacify the island
within the time named, and the au
thorities are anxious to learn what ac
tion the United States proposes to take
on May 1_
WILL NOT BUY
INDEPENDENCE
Congress Hardly Willing
to Follow McKinley in
Indorsing Bonds.
A Proposition That Is Entirely
Foreign to the Amer
ican System.
Even the Leaders of His Own Party
Would Shrink at the
Scheme.
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
NEW YORK, March 11.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
President McKinley will not have the
unanimous support of Congress if he
proposes to settle the Cuban question
on a basis of Involving the purchase of
independence by the Cubans with bonds
secured by the indorsement of the
United States. This is shown by a
careful poll of both houses, aided by a
corps of Herald correspondents to-day.
No such plan could be carried out with
out Congressional action, and while
Congress stands ready to place all. the
resources of the country at the disposal
of the President for the defence of the
nation or the maintenance of its honor,
Senators and Representatives of both
parties will hesitate to pledge the Gov
ernment to the payment of the bonds
of any foreign country.
Talks had by the Herald's corre
spondent with a great many Senators
and Representatives of all parties show
that while many men are not yet pre
pared to express a definite opinion on
the subject because they have not fully
considered it, it is safe to say that if
the proposition should be submitted to
Congress to-morrow and voted on with
out delay or discussion it is probable
that less than one-fourth of the mem
bers of either house would vote to in
dorse the bonds. It is significant, how
ever, that among those who indorse the
purchase proposition there are several
administration leaders and it is possi
ble that if the question could be dis
associated entirely from the Maine dis
aster by Spain making ample repara
tion for that affair and punishing the
men by whose act or negligence the
ship was destroyel, a measure for in
dorsement of bontis might be put
through if it could be made apparent
that it would bring about a peaceful
settlement and enable the United
States to avoid war.
The indorsement of the bonds of an
independent government is so entirely
foreign to what has been the poltay of
the United States from the declaration
of independence up to the present time
that many members of Congress who
ordinarily support the President are re
luctant to say they would follow him
in this direction. Partly for this rea
son and partly for the reason that it is
impossible at this time to say how the
question of Cuban independence may
be complicated by the Maine disaster,
or in what form the bond proposition
might be put in Cngress, it is very
difficult to induce members of either
house to talk for pu.)lic«.tion.
One thing tfcat ran he set down as
certain is that practically the entire
Democratic and Populist membership
of both houses would be opposed to the
indorsement of bonds under any cir
cumstances.
MANUFACTURING MORTARS
AT WATERTOWN ARSENAL
New Departure in One of the War
Supply Factories of the
Government.
BOSTON, March 11.— At the Water
town arsenal considerable attention is
being attracted by the Hobbs 5-inch
rapid-fire breech-loading rifle and a
3.6-inch breech-loading field mortar,
both of which are formidable weapons.
The arsenal has always been exclu
sively a factory for gun carriages and
their equipment and for gun imple
mens and siege, field and coast projec
tiles. Now It has gone into gun manu
facture.
Work on the first forged gun ever
ordered to be turned out at Water
town has been begun. The weapon is
to be a 3.6-inch breech-loading rifle
mortar, of the type now in service.
The Hobbs gun, now on exhibition at
the arsenal, was made at the Water
vleit arsenal.
The cause of the order being given
for gun manufacture at Watertown
was the opinion of the Ordnance De
partment at Washington that the Gov
ernment was paying too much money
for mortars manufactured by private
establishments, followed by the con
viction that the weapons could be
turned out more economically and
more efficiently at the arsenal. When
this 3.6-inch mortar is finished and
mounted oh its carriage, vhich is made
at the arsenal, it will be the first
equipped 3 6-inch breech-goading field
mortar ever manufactured by the
United States Government.
AUTHORIZES THREE
NEW SHIPS OF WAR.
Construction Clause Inserted in the
Naval Appropriation
Committee.
WASHINGTON, Marco 11.— Three
new battleships of the stanchest type
afloat were authorized by the House
committee on naval affairs to-day ana
a provision for their construction in
serted in the naval appropriation bill.
At the same time the committee agreod
on a maximum price Vt $409 a ton for
armor plate for our vessels, increased
the force of naval marines by 473 men
and put matters in fair shape for a de
cision to-morrow on the construction
of drydocks, probably four In number,
capable of accommodating: the largest
sized warships. The committee was in
session practically all day, and before
the decision on the Increase of ships
was reached, there was a long and in
teresting discussion.
The question of the establishment of
new drydocks went over for action un
til to-morrow. It was thoroughly dis
cussed to-day and the outlook is that
four new dry docks will be authorized,
two on the Atlanta Const, i-ne on the
Frcific Coast and another on the Gulf.
If the present expectations are mate
rialized to-morrow those docks will be
authorized to be constructed at Boston,
Mass.; Algiers, New Orleans; Mare Isl
and, Cal., and League Island, Philadel
phia. ____^____
The Water Was Shallow.
H. S. Werner has commenced suit
against Adolph Sutro to recover $10,000
for personal injuries received at Sutro's
Baths on the 6th ult. The plaintiff alleges
that he sprang from a spring board, fit
ted for diving purposes, into one of tho
tanks, and as the water was not of suffi
cient depth he struck his head on th 6
bottom and permanently injured himself.
He contends that the accident whs due
to the carelessness of the defendant, and
he sues to recover.
ACTIVITY AT
MARE ISLAND
Forces of Workmen at
the Yard Constanly
Increased.
Construction Department Send
ing in Large Requisitions
for Men.
Work on the Warships Being Com
pleted With All Possible
Dispatch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, March 11.— Everything Is
stir and bustle again at the navy-yard.
Workmen are being called every day
by hundreds to rush cruisers to comple
tion. The construction and repair and
the steam engineering departments are
swelling the working lists. Other de
partments are proceeding with the reg
ular routine work.
In the construction department the
chief work is on the Charleston, Phil
adelphia, Newport, Hartford, Pensa
cola and Adams. The Yorktown is
awaiting repairs, but no orders have
yet been received. The former two
ships have been ordered completed with
all possible dispatch, and on this ac
count workmen are being called as rap
idly as possible. The construction de
paretment sent in requisitions on
Thursday for 150 men, and to-day asked
for 200 more. No orders have been re
ceived to cease work on minor jobs, but
the men will continue night and day
on the Charleston and on the Phila
delphia when their repairs are once be
gun.
At the shop, under Foreman Hussey,
the work goes as usual on the Charles
ton, the Hartford, the New Tug and
1 a quantity of lanch engines to be
j built for general stock. Only four
! new men, laborers, have been taken.
1 Should the occasion arise for a rush
j here the shop is amply prepared to
| turn out woijk to suit the emergency.
! Lately new machines have been in
stalled, the largest tool on the navy
yard being a 10-16-foot boring and turn
i ing mill now being erected. On it a piece
of iron 16 feet in diameter can be bored
or turned. The pit for the foundation
of a hydraulic riveting machine has
been dug in the foundry, and the huge
| tool will soon be ready for operation.
i These and ether machines lately put
up have doubled the capacity of the
shop so that now when quick work is
I wanted the only question is to get
i enough workmen. The outside men
j work night and day.
Foreman Campbell of the boiler shop
had all his men down on the Charles
j ton to-day putting in boilers and feed
| tanks ready for testing. Only one man.
i a machinist, remained in the boiler
i shop. Campbell called for thirty-three
. more men on Thursday, ana when the
; Philadelphia is brought into the quay
, wall he will put a force on her. Six
| months' work is to b# aone, but owing
j to the rush a month only will be given
t to the ship.
The Philadelphia was to have been
i brought alongside on Thursday, but a
strong north wind prevented. To-mor
row the Unadilla will tow her to th«
quay wall. No orders concerning the
Yorktown have been given this depart
ment.
KIRKLAND SAYS
WAR CAN HARDLY
BE AVOIDED
Continued from First Page.
to get into condition to fight with
France or England.
"Spain's not afraid of us." the admiral
went on, knocking the ashes from his
cigar. "They're good fighters, those
Spaniards. It would be a lively serap 1
And do you want to know who would
win? The country that had the most
torpedo boats."
After you have talked with Uncle
Sam's highest naval officer for a time
you will admit that he has an admirable
grasp of things nautical, which he will
explain to the layman in terms not
overwhelmingly technical, courteously
and temperately. But there are two sub
jects about which Admiral Kirkland is
enthusiastic. On these two he becomes
eloquent, moving about as he talks with
the activity of the seaman and the ges
ticulations of a man who has wholly
forgotten, in his interest, the existence
of the arch-enemy, gout.
These two themes, which are here
with recommended to Admiral Kirk
land's interviewers, are torpedoes and
Democrats. He loves the one as much
as he hates the other.
For Democrats, more especially those
who have recently occupied such posi
tions in Washington as made them the
head of the navy, Admiral Kirkland has
"a smile and eloquence of beauty." And
to hear him tell the story of his return
from Syria and his encounter with an
absurdity who ha to be Secretary
of the Navy, apropos of a letter written
by the admiral to a personal friend who
had become President of France, is as
amusing, though in a different way, as
it is to listen to his ode to a torpedo.
"If I had it to say, if I could spend
part of that $50,000,000, I'd invest it,
not in battleships, but in monitors and
torpedoes. The battle-ship isn't what
we want for the kind of service the
United States requires. We could tret
two monitors for wha^one great battle
ship would cost us. And we could be
in two places at once and be twice as
effective as with one battle-ship. And
torpedoes," continued the admiral, lov
ingly, "I'd have not two or two dozen
torpedo boats. I'd have 200. Torpedo
boats are what we want. Your battle-ship
can't dock any place on the coast ex
cept up at Puget Sound. A torpedo
boat can go all about the coast, can
stop in at San Diego, at San Francisco,
up here at Mare Island. It takes years
to build a battle-ship, and in an emer
gency we'd have to purchase abroad.
You could take any of those yachts on
the Eastern coast and turn them into
torpedo boats. A battle-ship has got
1 to keep lights astern, amidships, every
TO ASSIST IN
THE TAKING OF
THE PHILIPPINES
Probable Mission of the Battle-
Ship Oregon, Which Will
Sail at Once.
NEW YORK, March 11.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Instructions were sent late this afternoon to Captain A. H. McCor
mick, commanding the battleship Oregon, directing him to sail imme
diately. The point to which the Oregon has been ordered will not be
divulged by the naval authorities, but there is reason to believe she will
proceed to the Asiatic station to reinforce the United States squadron
at Hongkong.
As the Herald stated, it is proposed by the authorities in the
event of hostilities to increase the Spanish force in the Philippines and
it is regarded as desirable that a battleship should be added to Com
modore Dewey's effective force, not because there is any reason to sus
pect that the ships already at Hongkong are not sufficient to defeat
the Spanish naval force, but because it may be necessary to destroy
the land fortifications and land men to take Manila and other cities.
The Oregon carries thirty-six officers and 424 men, the Baltimore
thiriy-six officers and 350 men, the Olympia (flagship of the Asiatic
souadron) thirty-four officers and 395 men, the Raleigh twenty officers
knd men, the Boston nineteen officers and 265 men, the Concord
thirteen officers and 180 men, and the Petrel ten officers and .22 men.
Upon the arrival of the Baltimore and In case the Oregon should
final ly go to Hongkong the United States will have a total force of
168 officers and 2028 men on the Asiatic station.
The Spanish Government, on account of the necessity of suppress
\ne the rebellion in the Philippines, has been compelled to keep a
laree standing army on the islands so that every man on board the
American ships would be required for fighting in case hostilities should
occur.
where. She must herself be so lighted
that she becomes a target in order that <
she may see the enemy-the toroedo
fleet-which. all silently and in the dark
ness approaches her. Let one of them
get 'close enough, within half a mile or
so and your battle-ship, admiral s cap.
book's gaY brass band and all. they ye
gone to the bottom and nothing s lett
of your $50,000,000 but a bubble of
water. Torpedoes! Torpedoes! That s
the secret. . .
-Here's a big battle-ship, like an un
wieldy, tethered bull with a cloud ot
poisonous flies hovering about him.
One after another men come un and re
port, Torpedo astern, sir!' Torpedo
here, sir!' 'Torpedo there sir! Why
it demoralizes men aboard ship to know
that they're surrounded by danger such
as thU. Not danger that they can meet
and fight, but danger that keeps their
nerves and senses strained in anticipa
"lf Spain's warships should come out
here after us-I don't believe they will;
the war will be in the East— she is
likely to attack San Francisco, say. or
try to destroy our docks at Pueet
Sound. What we want, then, is torpedo
boats to protect the coast.
"If the Government had spent this
$50.000,000 ten years ago our coasts to
day would be fully protected. And that |
is what we want to be sure of. Then we i
can tackle any nation on the globe? It a
torpedo boats we want— clouds of them.
If we fight— and I don't see how it s
going to be avoided— the nation with
the most torpedo boats is going to
win."
FIELD DAY AT STANFORD.
Fine Programme Arranged by Stu
dents for To-Day.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 11.
-AH arrangements for the first univer
sity field day, which will be held on the
campus Saturday afternoon have been
completed. The entries ceased this morn
ing and the handicaps were fixed this af
ternoon. Besides twelve handicap events,
there will be three scratch races-100-s ard
maiden. 120-yard hurdle, and 440-yard
dash The winner of either of the two
latter events will receive something more
material than glory for his pains. A
handsome diamond medal, offered by
Shreve & Co.. awaits the man who
crosses the tape first in the 120-yard hur
dle Ind a gold medal, given by Hammer
smith & Field, will go to the winner of
the quarter-mile dash. The entries and
handicaps are as follows:
Mile run— E. Smith. Williams, Daggett and
Coverley scratch; Steel*. 40 yards; Copllge.
Wardall and Morris. 65 yards; Rose and Ar
nold S3 yards- Busch and Marrack, 100 yards;
Mcßeavy. Ferrari and Anderson, 125 yards;
and Fonsley, scratch;
Cranston and Wright. 200 yards.
Phot-put-Fickert and Carle scratch; Mor
gan. 1 foot; Chandler, 2 feet; Burnett, 3 feet;
D Ham 4 mer ee throw-Fickert scratch ; Burnett,
Dole and Morgan. tt feet; Chandler. 20 feet.
Eight hundred and eighty yard run— Walker.
Strout,' Powell and Daggett, scratch; Fosher
Wardall and Arnolds. 40 yards; Marrack and
Allcot. .'.O yards; Thompson. 75 yards.
One hundred yard dash— Blrtch and Morgan,
scratch- Dole. 1 yard; Weatherwax, Dingles
and Karshed. VA yards: Nourse, 3 yards:
Wootou. 3H yards; Symcnds and Cant well, 4<*
yards; Burrough and Stewart. 55 1 * yards.
Two hundred and twenty yard dash— Birtch
and Morgan, scratch; Weatherwax, Karsted
and Dlggles, 4 yards; Cantwell. 7 yards; Sym
onds and Burrough, S yards; Hayden and
Stewart, 10 yards. ."._«.
Pole vault— Dole, scratch; Culver, 8 inches;
Boyd, 1 foot; Weatherwax and Bennett, 1 foot
and 4 Inches; Mouler, 1 foot and 7 inches; Fos
ter. 1 foot and 8 inches.
Broad Jump— Culver, Dole and Hopper,
scratch; Symonda, 8 inches; Nourse, 11 inches;
Whitaker.'l foot.
Two hundred and twenty yard Jiurdles— Dole
and Morgan, scratch; Culver, 20 yards; A.
Dole. 25 yards.
High jump — Dole, Morgan and Culver,
scratch: Boyd, 2 Inches; Whltaker, 5 inches;
Bennett. 6 inches.
Scratch racos— loo yards, maiden, Weather
wax Stewart. Cantwell, Symonds. Burrough
and Nourse; 440-yard dash, Weatherwax,
Strout, DiKftl»s. Morgan, Karsted and Powell;
120-yard hurdles, Culver, Morgan and Dutton.
A CHILD FALLS
INTO A BONFIRE
Awful Fate of a Little Girl on
a Ranch at Fairview,
Oregon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, March 11.— A 3-year-old
girl, daughter of Henry Bond, employed
on the dairy ranch of John Thomas, near
Fairview, was frightfully burned yester
day by falling into a bonfire. The em
ployes of the farm were burning a lot
of brush which had come from an old
house that had been torn down. Late in
the afternoon they were called away to
attend to milking the cows, leaving quite
a large fire still burning. The child was
playing around the yard, and getting too
near the burning pile her clothing caught
fire.
Her frantic screams as the flames en
veloped her attracted the attention of her
mother, who was busy in the house. She
rushed out, and seeing the child threw
her hastily into a spring near by and
extinguished the flre. The little one was
so seriously burned, however, that she
was brought here for treatment and
placed in the Good Samaritan Hospital
She received the best of care from the
attending physicians, but their efforts to
save her were of no avail, and she died
in a few hours*
SENORBERNABE
WANTS PEACE
Says His Country Hopes
to Avert War With
America.
Willing to Do Anything With
Honor to Prevent Such
a Calamity.
The New Minister Formally Re
ceived by Secretary of State
Sherman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 11.
Senor Luis Polo y Bernabe, the new
Spanish Minister, was seen at the Span
ish legation to-day, and for the first
time since his arrival consented to
speak, concerning Spanish affairs, ob
serving such reticence on certain
phases as diplomatic propriety re
quired. The Minister was asfce-tf if he
viewed the present condition of aftairs
between the United States and Spain
as indicating war. After a moment's
hesitation he answered gravely:
"I am sure that the United States
does not want war, just as I am sure
that the Spanish Government does not
want war, and will do everything hon
orable in its power to avert such a
calamity."
Senor Bernabe's first official business
after his credentials are presented to
the President will be in connection
with the new commercial treaty be
tween the United States, Spain and
Cuba. He comes fully Instructed on
this subject, and before leaving he
talked over the several plans with the
United States Minister, General Wood
ford. It is not yet determined whether
.here shall be two treaties with Spain
and Cuba separately, or one with Spain
which shall include Cuba.
Senor Bernabe was formally received
in his official capacity by Secretary
man and Assistant Secretary Day at
Sherman and Assistant Secretary Day
at the State Department at 11 o'clock
this morning. He was accompanied by
Senor Dubosc, who has had charge of
the Spanish legation since the depart
ure of Senor de Lome, and was by him
introduced to the Secretary and As
sistant Secretary of State. The two
gentlemen came at the hour indicated
by appointment and were received im
mediately upon their arrival at the de
partment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Had to Go on Crutches
As the result of rheumatism, wounds
in the army, and dreadful pains in my
stomach. All kinds of medicine failed
to give me much help until I thought I
would try one bottle of Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. It did me so much good I took
another, and now I can get around
without crutches, sleep well, and am
free from pain. I know that it is
Hood's Sarsaparilla which has done
this for me, and it is the best medicine
I have ever taken. My wife, who was
very nervous, also took Hood's Sarsa-
parilla with great benefit, and she says
we cannot keep house without it.
DELANO LEIGHTON, Dexter, Me.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
for $5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co.,
Lowell. Mass.
Hnnd'c Pillc a °t harmoniously with
lIUUU S» f ■IIS Hood . sSaraaparil !a.25r.
IrlkennessT
Painless treatment. Sixth year: '°°°
cured : lowest prices; write to-day '° r ru ; 1
particulars. Board free. N° pu 6licliy *
Cures guaranteed.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26 Page St., S. ?.THE PLOT
TO RUIN
GEN. LEE
How the Autonomists at
Havana Scored a
Failure.
Find That the American Repre=
sentative Is Stronger Than
Ever in the Service of
His Country.
spyrlghted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett, j
HAVANA, CubK via the Herald-Call j
dispatch boat Dewey tc Key West. Fla. j
—March 11.— Affairs as the Herald-Call
Steamer left Havana to-day Indicate a •
period of tranquility, as has been inti- !
mated in the Herald's recent and ex
clusive cables. The American colony is '■.
Jubilant, having just learned the real j
and full meaning of recent confusing i
dispatches from Madrid, in which it j
was alleged that Spain had demanded j
the recall of General Lee.
I am now in a position to give the j
inside history of that incident. It j
shows that the autonomists, relying up
on the forbearance and willingness of ,
the United States Government to make ,
all honorable concessions looking to
ward peace, tried to have Lee made a
sacrifice to his country's desire to avoid
friction. As that desire was estimated j
in Madrid and Havana, the result was ;
exactly what the autonomists did not j
wish, the Spanish suggestion of the re
placing of Consul General Lee being
met by a firm reply from President Mc-
Kinley, who cabled Minister Woodford
that he "would not consider for an in
stant the matter of Lee's recall."
The following account of the circum
stances leading up to this reply and
to the closing of the incident by Presi
dent McKinley's firmness may be re
garded as authoritative. As I cabled
a few days ago, the autonomists have
been incensed at General Lee since he
made a confidential report to the State
Department, pronouncing autonomy a
failure. This report, the substance of
which the Herald printed, said in es
sence that as the greatest result to be
arrived at by autonomy was that the
rebel? would lay down their arms, and
as they had not done so and were not
ty tn, the plan was a flat failure.
Then Secretary General Congosto
wrote to General Lee, asking the lat
ter"s reasons for making such a report
to the State Department. Lee wrote a
reply, in which he explained that, in
his opinion, autonomy, was not only a
failure, but was desired by neither the
Cubans nor the Spaniards, with the ex
ception of the autonomist leaders.
Here began the hatcmng 01 the plan
to have Lee removed. Senor Arturo
Amblard, the radical autonomist lead
er, suggested that if General Lee were
not favorable to autonomy it was ad
visable to have him sent home and re
placed by a man less critical and more
pliant. In pursuance of this idea Am
blard with others made capital of Sigs
bee's failure to call on the autonomist
cabinet when the Maine came to Ha
vana, though as the Herald said at the
time Secretary-General Congosto had
told General Lee that — General
Biancos absence in the field. General
Parado, next in command; was the
proper person upon whom to call.
It is not generally known that Gen
eral Lee and Captain Sigsbee were sub
sequently tricked into an apparent call
upon the autonomist cabinet, but such
is the fact, though they did not intend
it and were placed in the position of
having been compelled to observe a for
mality which they deemed unnecessary,
as they do now. One day General Lee
and Captain Sigsbee went to meet Sec
retary-General Congosto at the palace
for a moment. General Lee was told
that the Secretary-General wished to
gee him for a few moments on business.
•Secretary-General Congosto would be
in his office in fifteen minutes. General
Lee's business was ' reference to be
ginning work on the Maine, and as
Captain Sigsbee was interested he ac
companied the Consul-General to Gen
eral Congosto's office, but the latter
Instead of receiving them himself
ushered them into the chamber of the
autonomist cabinet, where he presented
them to Senor Qovin, remarking that
■ he was sorry Senor Govin was the only
member of the cabinet who was within
reach at the moment.
General Lee and Captain . Sigsbee
were astonished, as they had no busi
ness to transact with Senor Govin or
his colleagues, but they greeted him
politely and then proceeded to the bnsi
. ness they had in hand.
The Havana papers then printed a
story that Lee and Sigsbee had called
on the autonomist cabinet and this, fol
lowing the complaint by De Lome at
Washington regarding Sigsbee ignor
ing a autonomists, made it appear
thlt the Consul-General and the Cap-
Sin had been whipped into the traces
f flrt was that Sigsbee in the first
place had fully complied with etiquette
as set forth in the naval regulations
Amblard and the others were st 11
busy with the matter of Lee's recall
Amblard is said to be an intimate
friend of Senor Moret. Minister of For
eign Affairs. His letters to Madrid in
veighing against Lee and setting forth
thebeneflS to be obtained by having
the man who had given autonomy
black eye replaced by one of different
views finally resulted in the determina
tion by the Spanish Cabinet to move in
the matter. The result was not a.de
mand for Lee's recall, as, however
great was the Cabinet's belief in the
desire of the United States to make all
honorable concessions looking to peace,
it did not feel safe in making a positive
demand at such time. General .Wood
ford was informed that it would be
"agreeable" to Spain if General Lee
were removed and another man put
in his place. This was. another. way of
saying that, in view, of the unsettled
relations between Spain and the United
States, due to the -many troublesome
questions at issue. General Lee, who
had said plainly that autonomy was. a
failure, was not likely to contribute to
harmony in future relations, and it was
suggested that he be removed in evi
dence of good faith. There was strong
faith in certain circles in Madrid and
Havana that Consul-General Lee's end
had come. Indeed,- in 'Havana the au
tonomists, once they knew that friends
in , Madrid had taken the matter in
hand, sneered at General Lee as one
Uacrjflcejy>y. JtUji own^ v - How,
they had misjudged President McKin
ley and General Lee and the situation
generally was shown by the result.
President McKinley cabled Genera!
Woodford to Inform Spain that he
would not for an instant consider Gen
eral Lee's recall. He had recently ex
pressed entire approbation of Coiibul-
General Lee's course in Havana, and
saw no reason to alter his opinion.
General Lee knew It and had smiled
at the confidence of the autonomists
who marked him for slaughter. He
still smiles now that the more radical
of the automlsts In Havana find him
more firmly intrenched than ever.
When it was reported from Madrid
that Spain had demanded the recall of
General Lee, the story was immediate
ly denied. True, Spain had not "de
manded" the recall, but she had come
as near to it as she believed was safe
and make a mistake at that. This is
the whole story.
The Court of Inquiry continues to
hear testimony calculated to make its
report unimpeachable. The divers have
been dredging up unburned powder
from the mud In which the Maine lies.
Its presence further confirms the out
side explosion theory. Every day of
work at the wreck and by the court
lends additional force to the Herald's
exclusive news relative to the discov
eries regarding the nature of the ex
plosion on one hand, and the unlikeli
hood of hostilities in the immediate fu
ture, on the other.
Among the American citizens who
have been in ignorance of the real sit
uation are the tars on the Montgom
ery, who, In their careless, irresponsi
ble way, have been expecting and hop
ing for a chance to work their ten s
inch rifles. Some of them have asked
me most eagerly if the Maine's plates
disclosed the nature of the explosion,
and when told what the Herald had
printed on that point, expressed the
liveliest satisfaction. The tars have not
slept very soundly of nights recently,
extreme watchfulness having marked
the Montgo.mery ever since her arrival
in port. Her men lean over the rails
studying the Vizcaya's guns, seventy
five feet away, and smilingly compare
the cruiser's which swing identically
with the wind and tide. Comparisons
of the same nature are made continu
ally by the Vizcaya's men.
The insurgents "are active near Cien
fuegos. For the first time in months
they have entered the open country.
Gomez is reported as still moving west
ward.
I know as a matter of fact that he
has been practically in the same place
for months. In striking distance of the
hiils, from which Wejrler with 200.000
men. and Blanco with more, have not
driven him, thfough his position has
been open to attack and is in the prov
ince often reported pacified.
BOWMANACT CLAIMS
OCCUPY THE HOUSE.
Dilatory Tactics Resorted to to Pre-
vent the Passage of the Bill
for Their Payment.
WASHINGTON. March 11.— The bill to
pay the Bowman-act claims, aggregating
$1,200,000, for stores and supplies furnished
the Union army during the war, was be
fore the House until 5 o'clock to-flay, but
beyond completing the general debate
but little progress was made. Of the 800
odd claims In the bill all but a few come
from the South, and dilatory tactics were
resorted to to prevent progress with the
bill. During the filibustering the House
was in an uproar. At 5 o'clock, after
completing two pages of the bill, the
House recessed until 8 o'clock for an ev
ening session, to be devoted to pension
legislation. After the evening session the
House adjourned over until Monday.
POWDERLY TURNED
DOWN YESTERDAY.
A Senate Committee Makes an Ad
verse Report on t-is Nomina
tion to Be Commissioner
of Immigration.
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The Senate
Committee on Immigration has reported
adversely on .ne nomination of Hon. T.
V. Powderly to be Commissioner of Im
migration. The nomination has been held
up in the committee for several weeks, on
account of the absence of Senator Chan
dler. On me vote to-day Mr. Chandler
united with the Democrats to secure an
adverse report. It is believed the report
will be made the basis of an animated
controversy in the Senate.
BIRDSALL-PENDERGAST
GLOVb FIGHT A DRAW.
One of the Best Contested Battles
Ever Witnessed in Sac
ramento.
SACRAMENTO, March 11.— After one
of the best fought battles ever witnessed
In Sacramento, the Birdsali-Prndergast
glove contest ended In a draw at the close
of the twentieth round.
NO WATEB FOR IRRIGATION.
Canal of the Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Company Is Dry.
STOCKTON, March 11.— The canal of
the Stanislaus and San Joaquin Irrigation
Company, in the southeastern part of the
county, is dry. This is the first time
since the canal was built that there was
any demand for the irrigation of grain.
Now that irrigation must be resorted to
in the wheat fields no water is obtain
able The Stanislaus River, from ' the
headwaters of which the supply for the
canal is obtained, is running very low
and there is hardly enough water to sup
ply the Knights Ferry region, which has
the first call on the ditch.
A Capable Official Retained.
NAPA. March JJ.--C. 13. Seeley was re
eltcted treasurer at the Board of Trustees
of the Napa State Hospital at a regular
meeting of the board to-day. Mr. Seeley
has been treasurer and ex-officio secre
tary for many years. His services are
highly appreciated l?y, the management^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
DEFENSES ON
MARIN'S SHORE
Vast Sums to Be Ex-
pended for Protection
of San Francisco.
Breastworks Will Be Erected
at Lime Point and Point
Bonita.
Plans Include the Construction o
a Hard Bed Road From
Sausallto.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, March 11.— Thousands of
dollars are to be expended at the Lime
Point and Point Bonita fortifications for
the defense of San Francisco harbor.
The Sausallto News will to-morrow pub
lish the following:
While the citizens of Sausallto are agi
tated over the coming town election,
something of far greater importance is
transpiring in our midst which means the
placing of SausaMto among the foremost
towns in the State of California.
It is not generally known that three
United States army officers in San Fran
cisco received Instructions from the de
partment at Washington last Tuesday to
proceed to Sausallto immediately and
make a rough estimate of the cost of
constructing a hard bed roadway from
Sausalito to Lime Point and through to
Point Bonita; also the cost of erecting
barracks and breastworks for the de
fense of San Francisco harbor en the Ma
rin shore.
Tuesday morning, upon receiving the
urgent orders from Washington the offi
cials of the Government came to Sausa
llto and were hastily driven to Lime
Point, where they consulted with the resi
dent officers. Their instructions were to
telegraph the result of their work to the
War Department at Washington that
very evening, as the national defense ap
propriation bill was to be presented In
the House of Representatives the next day
Wednesday.
The News representative Interviewed
the officials, and while information was
given, it was done with the understand
ing that it would not be made public for
a few days at least, and the News is
now at liberty to publish this important
information that means the spending per
haps of half a million dollars on the de
fenses of San Frnncisco Bay, a great part
of which will fall to the Marin shore,
for General Miles says that Lime Point
Is the Gibraltar of the Pacific Coast, and
the natural and only place to be forti
fied in the event of war.
The Government officials stated that
a hardbed road would have to bo con
structed from General Dickinson's resi
dence around the bluffs to Lime Point
and then continued to Point Bonita. The
construction of the road. will cost in the
neighborhood of $25,000 and work
may commence within two weeks.
Over this road the heavy artillery and
the mammoth guns to be erected along
the coast between Lime Point and Point
Bonita are to be transported.
The officials also in their telegraph re
port to the War Department recommend
ed the expenditure of a large sum for ad
ditional barracks at the point. Along the
coast to Point Bonita breastworks are to
be thrown up and heavy cannon mounted.
It was intimated that several hundred
men would be put at work at once on
the highway, as it is a very important
piece of preliminary work.
Not until the orders were received from
Washington that sent the officials posl
baste to Lime Point did any of them con
sider the probability of a war with Spain
of much Importance, but now they are
convinced, especially as the great" fifty
million dollar appropriation bill is passed,
war may be declared any day.
The great expenditure of "the nation's
money at Sausalito. which Is to com
mence immediately, will be the means of
stimulating business and adding to the
town's prosperity and popularity. This,
with the consolidation of the two local
railroads, which is sure to take place
within a year, will place Sausalito in the
front ranks of the towns of the State.
MISSION AT ST.
MARY'S CHURCH
Many People Attracted and
Interested by the Eloquence
of Rev. Father Younan.
He "Will Open Another Mission at St.
Paul's Church, on Chureh -Straet,
a Week From Ne:ct Sunday.
The mission being conducted at St.
Mary's Cruch, on Cnlifornla street, by
the Rev. E. H. Younan, the well-known
Paulist missionary, for the special in
struction of non-Catholics in matters of
Catholic faith, will close Sunday night.
The mission has been one of the most
successful ever held in this city. The
seating capacity of the large church has
proved inadequate and hundreds of peo
ple have nightly been forced to stand
during the services, so large has been
the throng that wished to hear the >■!..
quent missionary. Father Younan, in ad
dition to being eloquent, is a forcible
speaker. He has a thorough command
of the English language and never for a
moment is he at a loss for a word.
Father Younan will deliver the sermon
at the 11 o'clock muss next Sunday. The
subject will be ''The Two Standards "
At the evening service he will preach
on "The Good Shepherd and the Sheep
Who Are Not of His Fold."
At the close of the mission. Father
Younan will remain a week longer at
St. Mary's Church to form classes of
Instruction in Christian doctrine. On
Sunday, March 20, Father Younan will
open a two weeks mission at St. Paul's
Church, on the corner of Twenty-ninth
and Church streets.
ORANGE SOCIAL.
Enjoyable Entertainment Given by
the Ladies of Westminster Church.
A most enjoyable orange entertainment
was given last evening by the young
ladies of class 11 of the Westminster
Church. The church parlors were taste
fully decorated in orange, and the re
freshments were mainly oranges.
The programme was as follows: Selec
tions by members of the Mandolin Club
of the Girls' High School; solo, Miss
Beaton; recitation. Miss Gertrude Cavit;
solo. Mr. Bonner: duet. Miss F. Perkins
and Miss M. Wilson; violin quartet; solo.
Miss Cecelia Decker; recitation, Miss
Cecil Hyde Case; solo. Miss Nelly Jack
son; selections by members of the Man
dolin Club of the Girls' High School.
HER DEATH LAMENTED.
Mrs. Peter Dunne Passes Away Aft
er a Long Illness.
The death yesterday morning after a
long illness of Mrs. Margaret Bergln-
Dunne, widow of the well-known pioneer,
Peter Dunne, was lamented by many. She
was 63 years of age, and was of a gentle
and highly generous disposition and loved
by all.
She leaves two sons well-known attor
neys in this city, Joseph J. Dunne and
Peter F. Dunne, and one daughter Mrs
Mamie D. Taaffe.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
at 9 a. m from the family residence. 2111
Broderick street.
Banquet to Marteau.
The Orpheus Musical Club, an auxiliary
to the Musicians' Union, will tender a
banquet to Henry Marteau, the violinist,
at the club's rooms on O FarreH street
Monday evening, . -^
WHAT SPAIN'S
DIVERS FOUND
President of the Spanish
Court of Inquiry
Talks.
Gives Reasons for Believing the
Maine Disaster Due to
Accident.
No Hole Blown in the Mud, No Big
Wave Produced and No
Fish Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, March 11.— To-day Cap
tain Peral, president of the Spanish
Naval Court of Inquiry into the cause
of the Maine disaster, granted an in
terview to a correspondent. Captain
Peral said:
"Our divers are hard at work examin
ing the hull of the Maine. Great diffi
culty is experienced owing to the deep
mud in which the Maine is buried and
the condition of the wreck forward of
amidships. The whole forward part of
the ship is a mass of iron and steel
debris. We have hoisted up much of
it, but in the mud it is not always pos
sible to tell what parts of the ship,
armor, decks, beams or stanchions are
found, the explosion so changed their
position.
"We think we have located the ram
or prow, but not in the position sup
posed. The forward turret, mounting
two large guns, was blown clear of the
hull into the water on the starboard.
We shall continue our work and try to
examine the hull forward down to the
keel. It Is probable that we may pro
pose to the American authorities to
raise the hull by means of the floating
hull brought from England and now in
Havana harbor.
"We cannot believe there was an ex
j ternal explosion of a torpedo for the
j following reasons: A torpedo following
the line of least resistance must have
blown a great hole in the mud at the
i bottom of the harbor. No such hole
! was found. A torpedo must have
j thrown a large mass of water into the
air if exploded at a depth of only
twenty-five feet or so, or at least have
J produced a wave reaching the other
ships and the shore of the harbor. We
have examined every one on shipboard
or on shore who saw the explosion, but
j no one can be found who remarked any
| upheaval of the water or a big wave.
"A torpedo explosion always kills fish
lin the vicinity. No fish were killed by
I the Maine disaster, as fishermen who
! have known this harbor for many years
! testify. To produce the effects noted
i in the wreck, a torpedo would have had
1 to be of enormous size — fully 150 or 200
I kilos.
"I a.m, therefore, of the opinion that
the explosion occurred within the ship.
I know and respect Captain Slgsbee
and I believe the American regulations
affecting naval conduct, which I have
read and found admirable, were care
fulSy observed, ©ut some things which
cannot be foreseen are bound to happen
in any navy. I have been reading of
the explosion In The English ship Do
lera, which the English believe was
caused by chemical combustion in the
paint used for quick drying. I have
also read an English account of shells
that were found burst open because of
hardening points that split and pro
duced heat, thus flashing the powder
In the interior of the shell.
"As I have said, I do not believe
there was any carelessness on the part
of the officers of the Maine. I dc/ be
lieve this was an accident, which could
not possibly have been foreseen. Such
is my judgment at present with the
facts that are in possession of the
court. When our Court of Inquiry
finally decides, the decision will be in
accordance with the best evidence that
can be procured. We are having plans,
diagrams and drawings of the wreck
made as fast as the divers are able to
give us definite information."
Captain Peral was most courteous
during the entire interview. He illus
trated some of the points he made by
sketches on the desk before him. He
spoke as a judge would whose mind
was ready to weigh any evidence
brought before the court over which he
presided.
Captain Peral requested the corre
spondent to make it known that he had
granted the interview in his unofficial
capacity, and not as president of the
Spanish Court of Inquiry, which the
law forbids him to do.
HELLMAN HAD TWO WIVES.
Charles Hellman, a fresco painter who
resides on l-.arkin street, is at present the
possessor of two wives, and Judge Slack
at present has under advisement the ap
plication of wife Xo. 1 for a divorce and
a division of the community property.
Hrllman and wife No. 1 separated in
1895 and agreed to divide the community
property. The following year Hellman
desired to obtain ;i divorce and consulted
a disbarred attorney. In a short time the
attorney showed Hellman a paper and
told him that he was legally free. Hell
man then engaged the attentions of Mrs.
Sophie Larsen and a marriage resulted.
Hellman then took wife No. 2 to his home
on Larkin street, and it was not long be
fore their quiet life was Interrupted by
the appearance or the original Mrs. Ileli
man, who announced that she wished to
sell the community property so that she
could get her share. When Hellman re
fused to accede to her demands she
brought suit for a divorce on the ground
of Infidelity. The rase was called by
Judge Slack yesterday morning and both
wives were in court. It was shown that
Hellman was not guilty of wrong, but
it was equally plain that wife No. I was
still his lawful spouse, as no divorce had
been granted. At'ter all the witnesses
had been heard Judge Slack took the rase
under advisement ajid will render a decis
ion in a few days.
DEATH FROM PNEUMONIA.
The death of Samuel B. Doane at his
home at San Carlos early yesterday
morning was the expected result of a bad
attack of pneumonia with which the de
ceased had been afflicted for the previous
three or four days.
Mr. Doane was about 47 years of age
and leaves a widow, but no children. He
had been connected with the Southern
Pacific for the last twenty years, and at
the time of his death tilled an important
position in the office of Freight Auditor
C J. Wilder. Mr. Doane was greatly be
loved by his fellow railroad men on ac
count of his charitable disposition, and by
his death many a widow and orphan of
fellow employes will lose a friend who
never failed them in their hour of need
nor turned a deaf ear to their appeals for
assistance.
No arrangements have yet been made
for the funeral, but it will probably take
place from his late home In San Carlos.
Divorce Suits Filed.
The following actions for divorce were
filed yesterday: Mattie L. MeGuyre
against Archie Y. MeGuyre on the ground
ot desertion; Mary E. Engross against
Ludwig Engross on the ground of failure
to provide: Joseph F. Palmer against An
nie Palmer, on the ground of cruelty;
Mary Gordon against Philip Gordon on
the .Krpunjl ol cruelty^
ARE LOYAL TO
THEIR COUNTRY
Archbishop Ireland on
the Attitude of
Catholics.
Would Be Found in the Van
if America Engaged
in War.
Denounces as Infamous the Intinia
tion That the Pope Favors
Spain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, March 11.— "No true
American Catholic will think of espous
ing the cause of Spain against that of
this country, because the former is a
Catholic nation," said Archbishop Iro
land in an interview here to-day. "To
do that is to set one's self down as
traitorously inclined to the teachings
of thin religion, as well as to the coun
try which it is his bounden duty to de
fend against all enemies, both internal
as well as external."
The words of the Archbishop were in
reply to a question as to what he
thought of the advice alleged to have
been given by a Catholic priest in New
York State to his parishioners. Arch
bishop Ireland is en route to his home
in St. Paul from Washington, where ,ie
had been for several days.
"It is an infamous suggestion," he
continued, "and it would seem as if it
could emanate only troni a bitter en
emy of the faith, for it is directly op
posed in every way to the spirit of the
teachings of Catholicism."
His attention was called also to a
suggestion, which has been the subject
of some discussion, that the Pope's
sympathies in the pending controversy
with Spain were strongly enlisted on
the side of that nation because of its
religious affiliations.
"In so far as implying that the Pope
will use his offices to aid Spain as
against this country, the suggestion is
as infamous as the one first mentioned.
Whatever action he may take in this
matter will be with the single idea of
averting, if possible, a war be^ljveen
two Christian nations. He looks upon
the possibility of war between this
country and Spain with horror, and, as
the Vice Regent of (lod. considers it his
bounden duty to help bring about an
between the two nations. That is the
I only way in which his influence is, or
j only way in which its inlluence is, or
j will be, exerted."
Then, referring to the situation in this
! country, the Archbishop said:
"President McKinley is proving him
', self pre-eminently the man of the hour
: and occasion. His course throughout
the present painful and trying crisis
: has been marked by a loftiness of pur
pose, a serenity and dignity of conduc.
I which have commanded the respect and
admiration of his pronounced political
enemies. This was abundantly shown
i by the remarkable and impressive ac
tion of Congress in unhesitatingly
placing the sweeping powers it did :;:
j his hands. I think every one has come
to repose the utmost confidence in his
wisdom and ability to meet whatever
exigencies may arise in connection with
the present unfortunate situation."
TWICE BUNKOED
BY ONE MAN
After Being Landed Once Albert
Freeman Swallows the
Hook Again.
Refused to Prosecute His Friend for
the First Offense, but Wishes
*He Had.
The trusting nature of Albert Freeman
received a rude shock yesterday when he
awoke to a realisation of the fact that
he had been bunkoed for the second time
by a man whom he had refused to prose
cute for the first offense.
- Freeman is the rancher and mining man
whom Daniel O'Brien chloroformed and
robbed at the Golden Eagle Hotel last
Saturday night while the two were sleep
ing in the same bed. O'Brien was cap
tured by the police, and when Freeman
aw him behind the bars his heart went
out to the friend in trouble and he was
loth to believe that one he had befriended
could be guilty of having robbed him.
Feeling as he did, It was an easy matter
for O'Brien to convince the rancher that
the drugging and robbing had been done
by the liquor which O'Brien had con
sumed in quantities, so the two came to
a satisfactory understanding, and Free
man, rejoicing that he was mistaken in
thinking his friend an ungrateful thief,
refused to prosecute the case.
Released from the City Prison. O'Brien
immediately began to scheme to regain
possession of the $40 in cash and the $50
money order which had been taken from
him and returned to Freeman. To ac
complish this end he called in the assist
ance of one ami possibly two accomplices.
A man who claimed to be a lawyer
stopped O'Brien id freeman in the cor
ridors of the C ' Hall and demanded
from the former mbursement for hav
ing secured his release. O'Brien was
without a cent, so his confiding friend.
Freeman, was appealed to, and not realiz
ing that this was only a second attempt
to rob him, delivered over the $40 in
greenbacks to the "lawyer." - His friend
was profuse in his thanks, but still had
his eye on. the money order.
As the two loving friends walked up the
street O'Brien unfolded a tale to Free
man that he had a letter of introduction
to a lawyer in the Parrott building, from
whom he could secure a loan of $200. ' by
means of which they could -go up to
Washington and gain untold wealth by
working the mines which , O'Brien
claimed to own. The plan suited Free
man exactly, and a long conference was
held with the "lawyer." The entire case
was gone over and the deed to the Wash
ington mines was pronounced to be valid.
During the conversation and the exam
ination of papers the money order by
some means came .into the possession of
O'Brien, and at last accounts he still had
it Soon after leaving the lawyer's office
Mr O'Brien lost his friend, and .now
Freeman is stranded, here without a cent.
The police have been notified of the af
fair but it is doubtful if O'Brien is now
in the city,' as he would hardly risk the
chances of being arrested a second time.
A letter from Los Angeles from parties
who heard of the first arrest says that
O'Brien is wanted there for working the
same game he did on Freeman. ■
■■- ■■.-■■■-•■; v i—i ■ • '
Preferred Marriage.
"William Scheller and . Emily Beattie
were married yesterday by Justice of the
Peace Groezinger. and Judge Conlan im
mediately wrote out ;an order ; for Schel
ler's release from custody. : Scheller was
arrested Thursday on the charge of be
trnval under ~ promise of marriage, • and
he at once agreed to marry Emify if ■he
could get any one to lend him enough
mnnev to pay for - the marriage i license.
Fm^fv had no funds either, and she told
Captain Wright of - the diflWlty. ,He- at
once advanced her the money, and yester
day after the marriage Ihe sent them to
the Grotto and gave them ttff't ,'ngddlfig
breakfast, 554 h 'j 1 t jfllllii <^^
PLAN OF
CAMPAIGN
ARRANGED
Auxiliary Cruisers to Be
Used to Attack the
Coast of Spain.
War Will Be Carried Into the
• Enemy's Country Should
Hostilities Be Com
menced.
NEW YORK, March 11.— A
"Washington special to the Her
ald says: Secretary Long will
appoint, probably to-morrow, an
important board with a flag of
ficer as Its president to make
arrangements for obtaining and
converting merchant steamships
into auxiliary cruisers. This ac
tion will be taken as a result of
a conference held this afternoon
and yesterday by Assistant Sec
retary Roosevelt, Captain A. S.
Crowninshield. chief of the Bu
reau of Navigation, Captain
Charles O'Nell, chief of the Bu
reau of Ordnance; Commander
R. B. Bradford, chief of the Bu
reau of Equipment, and Chief
Naval Constructor Hichborn.
After a careful consideration of the
subject these officials decided that it
would be desirable to have the board
make a personal inspection of each ves
sel, in order to determine her value for
fighting purposes, and Assistant Secre
tary Roosevelt will to-morrow morning
present this recommendation to Secre
tary Long. There is little doubt thai
the recommendation will be adopted. So
far as the personnel of the board had
been discussed, I understand that it Is
proposed to place thereon an officer of
the rank of commodore, a junior line
officer, an engineer officer and a naval
constructor. From the present indi
cations the officers to be selected to
preside over the boards session will be
Commodore F. McNair, at present of
the Navy Examining and Retiring:
Board, and formerly president of the
Board of Inspection and Survey. Lieu
tenant-Commander J. P. J. Kelly, who
has been inspector of merchant ves
sels at the port of New York and who,
with Assistant Naval Instructor J. G.
Tawresey, has been making prelimi
nary plans for the conversion of mer
chant steamships into auxiliary cruis
ers, will probably be continued as a
member of the board.
The work of the board will be con
fined to an inspection of vessels on th<»
Atlantic coast. It is appreciated by the
officials that there is no necessity of
using any merchant ships on the Pa
cific Slope, and the board will not pro
ceed to that section. From the trend
of discussion at the meeting this after-
DOOH it Is evident that the board will
be directed to visit Boston, New York.
Philadelphia and Norfolk to examine
not only vessels which have been sub
sidized by this Government, but many
other American ships which it may be
deemed desirable to convert into auxil
iary cruisers or transports.
On accout of the provisions of the
law which -necessitates the purchase of
all subsidized vessels outright before
they can be converted into auxiliary
cruisers, the board will be instructed to
confer with ship owners with a view
of getting a more equitable adjustment
of the matter. The authorities have no
desire to buy ships, but they would like
to charter them, and ir any damage is
done to the steamers to make good the
amount that may be lost to the own
ers. It is believed that the board will
be able to arrive at an agreement
which will be satisfactory to the ship
owners.
So far as the authorities have deter
termined the ships that will be first
taken will be vessels attached to the
American line— the St. Louis, the St.
Paul and the New York. These vessels
are the speediest of their type in the
world, have splendid coal endurance
and will be just the ships for scouting
duty when attached to a squadron, and.
when combined with the Brooklyn,
New York. Columbia and Minneapolis,
will make a squadron '.'iat will be em
ployed to attack the Spanish ports and
cause the retention in Si anish waters
of a laige fleet to defend such posts.
Such a squadron as this will be formed
Immediately after the outbreak of hos
tilities and be sent to Europe to re
enforce the European station under the
command of Commodore J. A. Howell,
Commodore Howell is now at Lisbon
with the San Francisco and the gun
boats Helena and Bancroft, and offi
cials say that this fleet will be given
telegraphic orders at the first sign of
trouble to harass Spanish ports and ne
cessitate a division of the Spanish na
val force.
It is part of the plan of campaign
which this Government has formed to
attack Spain immediately after having
disposed of the Spanish forces in Cuba.
But simultaneously with any attack
that may be mad* on the Spanish
forces in Cuba a dash will be made
upon the Philippine Islands by the
American force at Hongkong.
MISS LEWIS SAYS SHE •
IS NOT MRS. FRAWLEY.
Requests That the Published Story
of Her Marriage Be Denied.
WASHINGTON, March 11.— Miss Ada
Lewis denies the New York report that
she has been married to T. Daniel Fraw
ley, the San Francisco theatrical man
ager. A New York paper announced
their marriage In that city on Wednes
day. Miss Lewis has been at the Riggs
House in Washington all this week. She
requests The Call to say that she is not
married to Mr. Frawley and is not en
gaged to him.
Prison Directors Meet To-Day.
SAN QUENTTN PRISON, March 11.—
After a long, tiresome wait the case of
James W. Flood, who Is serving: a term
for embezzling the funds of the Donohoe-
KeUy Bank in Saa Franclsqo, will be
heard by the board of State Prison Dl»
rectors. Flood has made application to
the board for a recommendation for par
don, and if the Directors grant this at
their meeting here to-morrow the Gov
ernor will undoubtedly pardon the man.
Much work is on hand for the Directors,
as a full meeting of the board has not
been held for some time.
WAB DANCE AT MONTEBEY.
Indian Sealers From British >_hipa
Entertain the Citizens.
MONTEREY. March 11.— A curious
sight was presented here last night when
the Indian sealers ■ of the British shipa
Ainoka and San Diego donned war paint
and native costume and gave a bona fid*
war dance for the entertainment of th«
townspeople. The people were first ap
prised of the war dance by ear-splitting
whoops and yells and by fantastic figures
running up and down the streets of the
town. Some forty Indians, full-blooded
Siwashes from British Columbia, assembled
on the beach and went hopping and jump
ing to Bagby's opera house, where they
gave a genuine war dance as practiced
by the Siwash tribes. The dance consist
ed of four characters representing the
different stages of war. and continuous
war whoops added much to the effect of
the outlandish spectacle. The Indians are
employed as seal hunters aboard the two
craft now in Monterey harbor and know
very little English. The proceeds of the
dance were given to the Monterey school
fund.
WANTED FOB MURDER.
Reward for Rev. G. E. Morrison,
Formerly of Hanford.
FRESNO. March 11— News has been re
ceived here that Henry M. Steele, Chief
I of Police of Topeka. K:ins., has offered
; a reward for the arrest of Ed Conley,
j alias Hill, alias G. E. Morrison, who left
that city November 24. 1877. The man
wanted is Rev. G. E. Morrison, a Meth
odist minister, who was pastor of the M.
E. Ohurrh at Hanford for two years, and
under whose management the present
church e<Jirtce was built. Morrison left
Hanford in the fall of 1892 and went to
I San Diego, where he preacned for a year,
; and later went into the livery business.
In the latter business he was detected
in a number of dishonest deals. While
preaching at Hanford he was regarded
with suspicion and considered to be a
hypocrite. He is wanted for murder.
Committed to Napa Asylum.
SOXOMA, March 11.— Mrs. W. S. Wade
(nee Roberson) was to-day commit
ted to the Napa Insane Asylum by Juuge
Daugherty. The unfortunate -lady has
many friends In this place and San Fran
cisco.
SMALL, BUT TRUt
Do you know that valuablte
things are often done up in
little packages? This is .one.
of them. It is known that*
you are suffering from drains-
that will eventually put an. end i
to your strength. The Hud-
son Medical Institute will stop
the drains ; the doctors will
put you on your feet again.
Will you take the grand op-
portunity offered ? If you only
knew of the great army that
has been so grandly helped !
Write and ask for specimens
of their testimony. It is true
that this will take a few — say
ten seconds — of your time.
Do you believe that you can
afford to waste that much on
your life? On your big vital
forces? On your life? Have
some sense ! Life is dearer
than all!
MLLJUTIIEj
The Hudson Medical Institute is at the
junction of Market. Stockton and Ellis
streets. It is a bifi white building, which
you cannot mistake, and the doctors who
are there will give you free medical ad-
vice if you are suffering in any way. IS
you cannot call you can surely find time
enough to write. No charge for answer-
ing letters. It is done with pleasure.
Muster what energy you have left, and
muster it TO-DAY !
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS 3T8.,
San Francisco.
TRAVELERS TO DAWSON
Via DYEA and SKAGVAY can arrange to
have their proviriosß sent via St. Michael
and the Yukon River, by applying to
ALASKA YUKON
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
3 STEUABT ST., San Francisco, Cal,
34
ONE OF THE LAST HEROES
OF THE LATE CIVIL WAR
ROSECRANS
CALLED 10
JUS REST
After a Long Struggle
the Old Warrior
Surrenders.
End of One of the Most
Courageous Battles of
His Life.
Bedridden for Many Years as
a Result of a Stroke of
Apoplexy.
FUNERAL ARRANGEMENTS
.All Civic and Military Organizations
of Southern California Will
Participate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. March 11.— General
W. S. Rosecra.is died this morning at
7 o'clock at his home near Redondo.
His last struggle against death was
one of the most remarkable and cour
ageous battles he had fought through
out his life. He possessed wonderful
vitality, and for the past six days had
been on the verge of the other world.
When death came at last General Rose
erans was unconscious, and he died
most peacefully.
Dr. J. R. Haynes, the general's physi
cian, states that he had been bedridden
for several years. He suffered from a
stroke of apoplexy, which was rather
severe, but which did not affect his
mentality in any way.
The cause of General Rosecrans' re
cent severe illness was the death of a
favorite grandchild. Directly the in
formatio: reached the general his con
dition grew gradually worse, until it
arrived at a point where he was uncon
scious for a greater portion of the time.
On March 4 he was unconscious almost
the entire day, but late In the evening
he recovered consciousness for a brief
interval and took very light nourish
ment. Last Sunday he became worse
again, and ever since then his life has
been hanging by a thread.
Dally requests for Information j s to
General Rosecrans' condition came
from all parts of the United States.
Many inquiries came from the South,
from soldiers against whom Rosecrans
fought during: the War of the Rebel
lion. President McKinley was a great
admirer of "Old Rosy," and sent a tele
gram of inquiry from Washington.
The funeral will be a State function,
and an endeavor Is being made to'have
the remains lie in state at the City
Hall. The City Council will give the
necessary authority. All the civil and
military organizations and veteran as
sociations of Southern California will
participate.
William Starke Rosecrans was born in
Kingston, Ohio. September i>, 1819. In 1542
he was graduated at West Point, stand
ing fifth in his class. After twelve years'
service in the engineer corps he resigned
on April 1. I>.">4, having attained the runk
of first lieutenant.
Until the breaking out of the war in
IS6I he engaged in civil pursuits. In 18M
he was president of the Coal River Navi
gation company at Coal River, West Vir
ginia. The year following he organized
the Preston Coal Oil Company, engaged
•In the manufacture of kerosene.
His re-entrance Into the military ser
vice was as a volunteer aid on the staff
of Majoj-General George B. McClellnn,
who had been given charge of the organ
ization of the « Oiio Home Guards by the
Governor of that Suite. At that time
Rosecrans was a resident of Cincinnati.
Governor Dennison appointed him as
chief engineer on his staff, with the rank
of colonel. On June 10, IMI, he was com
missioned colonel of the Twenty-third
Ohio Volunteer Infantry, in which regi
ment ex-I'restdrnt Rutherford B. Hayes
was at the same time commissioned ma
jor. President William McKlnley also en
listed in the Twenty-third Ohio and was
mustered out as one of its captains.
Rosecrsns did not take the regiment to
the front. Having received a commission
from President Lincoln as brigadier gen
eral in tho regular army he was assigned
to the command of a brigade under Mc-
Clellan, then commanding a small army
in Western Virginia. General McClellan's
battle of Rich Mountain, July 11, 1861,
two weeks before Hull Run. first brought
Rosecrans into national prominence. Con
trasted with subsequent conflicts it was
an insignificant bßttle. The Union loss
was 11 killed and 35 wounded; the Confed
erate, 60 killed and 140 wounded and 100
prisoners. Rosecrans with his brigade
made a skillful night march and sur
prised the enemy in their rear. Soon af
terward McClellan was called to the com
mand of all tho trooi>s concentrated
around Washington and bega'n'the organ
ization of the Army of the Potomac.
Rosecrans succeeded him in command of
the Department of Ohio, which then con
sisted of Western Virginia, Ohio, Michi
gan and Indiana. .
Then began Jiis .career as an Indepen
dent army commander. On September 10
IS6I. he defeated General John B. Floyd
in a battle at Carnifex Ferry, expelling
the Confederate forces from Western Vir
ginia. In this battle the Union losses
were 16 killed and 102 wounded. His serv
ices were recognized by votes of thanks
from the Legislatures of Ohio and West
Virginia, and In May. ISC2. General Rose
crans was given command of two divi
sions in Halleck's great army, then lay
ing siege to Corinth. He succeeded Gen
eral Pope in command of the Army of the
Mississippi, and with four brigaded
fought the battle of luka. where he de
feated General Sterling Price. The losses
In this battle were: Union— l 44 kllled,s9S
wounded; Confederate— 263 killed. 692
wounded. 561 prisoners. Returning to Cor
inth he fortified that town, and on Octo
ber 3 and 4 defeated the combined forces
of Sterling Price and Earl Van Dorn.
with casualties as follows: Union— 3ls
killed, ISI2 wounded. 232 missing; Confed
erates—l 423 killed, 5692 wounded, 2248 miss-
ing:.
. General Roseerans' star was now in the
ascendant. He became one of the popular
military idols of the day. The West
glowed with his fame. Bragg's triumph
ant invasion of Kentucky and Buell's re
treat to the Ohio River filled the North
with consternation. The need of the hour
was for a new commander in the central
theater of operations, and the choice fell
upon Roseerans. who superseded Buell.
The Army of the Cumberland was reor
ganized by him. infused with a new
spirit and preparations made to enter
upon a vigorous campaign to drive the
enemy out of Tennessee.
On December 29, 1862, General Rose
erans led the army out of Nashville to
attack General Bragg's army, which was
posted strongly on Stone River, a knee
deep stream running close to the town of
Murfreesboro. There a great battle was
fought on December 30 and 31 and Jan
uary 1 General Bragg, however, seized
tbe initiative and assailed Rosecrans 1
right wing, under General Alexander Mc-
Dowell McCook. with such vigor that it
was nearly driven from the field. The
enemy was ultimately driven back with
great loss. At nightfall on the second day
General Roseerans made up his mind to
fall back, but General Thomas, who com
manded the center, advised against a re
treat. Afterward, believing that Bragg
had thrust a force in his rear. General
Rosecrans gave orders to resume thtj
fight the next day. At dawn, liowf •r,
Bragg'B army had disappeared, having
fallen back to the line of Duck River,
where he entrenched at Tullahoma. the
Army of the Cumberland occupying Mur
freesboro. The battle of Murfreesboro
was one of the bloodiest of the war. and
resulted In a loss of 95U by the national
forces and 9236 by the Confederates.
During the ensuing six months the two
armies lay practically idle in their camps.
Some minor operations in which Forrest
and Van Dorn operated on Rosecrans'
right flank at Franklin and Spring Hill
engaged attention. Under pressure from
Washington General Rosecrana set his
army in motion on June 24 to dislodge
Bragg from Tullahoma and Shelbyviile.
It was an almost bloodless campaign, but
by consummate strategy Bragg's flank
was turned and he retired across the
Tennessee River. At Bridgeport and
Stevenson General Rosecrans then added
fresh luster to his fame by his brilliant
passage of the Cumberland Mountains
and his skillful crossing of the Tennessee
River, which forced Bragg to evacuate
Chattanooga, the key to Atlanta. Had
Rosecrans been satisfied with achieving
his objective point his fame would have
been saved. Believing, however, that
Bragg was in full retreat he engaged in
a pursuit which involved a critical dis
persion of his three army corps under
Thomas, Crittenden and McCook. Moan
while Bragg had only fallen back to La
fayette, Georgia, within striking distance
of Chattanooga, to await re-enforcements
from Lee's army. While Rosecrans' army
was dispersed Bragg had an opportunity
to turn upon him and crush his Beveral
corps in their isolation, but owing to the
failure of some of his subordinate officers
the chance was lost. General 'Longstreet's
corpß arriving from Virginia left the cars
at Chickamauga Station. Bragg moved
to the attack with the object or seizing
the roads into Cfiattanooga. By rapid
marches Roseeraips' army concentrated
behind Missionary Ridge, en Chicka
mauga Creek, and here the bloodiest bat
tle west of the Alleghanies was fought
on September 19 and 20, 1863. The Con
federate army attacked both days. Rose
crans made changes in the disposition of
his lines which weakened his center and
right, and left an opening for Lo.ngstre.et
to pour through. The right wing, depleted
to strengthen the left under Thomas, was
cut off and then routed. Rosecrans and
two of his corps commanders, McCook
and Crittenden, were swept with the tide
of fugitives into Chattanooga. Upon his
arrival in the town he sent an alarming
dispatch to Washington that all was lost.
Ex-President Garfleld. his adjutant-gen
eral, rode over to the. left wing and found
Thomas in command of what was left of
the army as immovable as a rock and re
pulsing with the bayonet every effort of
the enemy to dislodge him. Thomas held
his ground till nightfall and then fell back
in good order into Chattanooga.
General Rosecrans' star had set in a j
dismal sea of discomfiture. One of his;
subordinate generals found him weeping
bitter tears in his quarters at Chatta- i
nooga. His army, which up to the terri- '
ble reverse at Chickamauga had Implicit j
confidence in his leadership, lost faith in i
his skill. His bravery it never doubted.
A month after the battle he was relieved
from his command by order of the Presi
dent, and General Thomas from that time
to the end of the war led the Army of the i
Cumberland through a series of victor!- j
ous campaigns, which culminated in the !
overthrow of the Western Confederate j
army before Nashville in December, 1864. I
In January, 1864, General Rosecrans was I
assigned to the command of the Depart- I
ment of the Missouri. On December w he
was placed on waiting orders, and on j
March 28, 1867, he resigned from the army \
after receiving a brevet as major general
In the regular army for his services in the •
battle of Murfreesboro. After being out I
of the army for a period of twenty-two |
years Congress, recognizing his once emi
nent services, passed a bill authorizing
the President to appoint him a brigadier i
general, and on March 2. 18S0. he was re- j
stored to his rank and placed on t"he re- j
tired list.
With his death disappears the last but
one of the Union generals who conducted
campaigns and commanded independent i
armies in the field. General Don Carlos i
Buell enjoys the distinction of being the
only living survivor of this class.
Soon after his resignation from tne !
army General Rosecrans took up his resi- i
dence in this city, where he made many :
drvoted friends. In June, 1867, he declined
the Democratic nomination for Governor.
On July 27, IS6B, President Grant appoint
ed him Minister to Mexico, which office |
he held until June 26, 1569, when he re- !
turned to the United States. In that year
he declined the Democratic nomination !
for Governor of Ohio. In 1872-7"? he en- ;
gaged in an effort to Initiate the con- i
struction of a system of narrow-gauge I
railways in Mexico, at the instance of
President Juarez. In 1875 he was presi- ;
dent of the Safety Powder Company in this I
city. The same year he declined the Demo- \
cratic nomination for Congress from No- \
vada. He was electeu as a Democrat to
Congress from the old First District, [
which included this city, in 1880. and was
re-elected in 1882. In June, ISBT, he was
appointed by President CJeveland Regis- \
ter of the United State? Treasury, from ,
which office he retired about four years :
ago, owing to his impaired health. He i
then took up his home with his son,
Carlos, who is a prosperous farmer, resid- i
Ing near Bedondo Beach, ten miles from '
Los Angeles.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
FLANNELLY IS
DOOMED TO DIE
Found Guilty of Murder
as Charged in the
Information.
The Parricide Shows No Sign
of Emotion When He Hears
the Verdict.
Every Precaution Taken by Prison
Officials to Guard Against
Suicide.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN T JOSE, March 11.— Parricide
; Thomas W. Flanneily must pay the
'■ penalty of his crime with his life. This
1 was the substance of the verdict re
■ turned by the jury this morning, and
; unless the court of last resort inter
! feres, which is not likely, the sentence
i will ultimately be carried out. The
i verdict rendered was as follows:
•'We, the Jury, find the defendant
| guilty of murder as charged in the mi
i formation."
Life imprisonment was not men
tioned as punishment and consequently
nothing remains for Judge Lorigan to
do but pronounce the death sentence.
The crime was cold-blooaed and pre
meditated. On October 26 last Flan
nelly had been served with papers by
his father to vacate a da.ry ranch he
was running because of a partner
named Doyle, who was objectionable
to the parent. He immediately saddled
his horse and rode to his father's home.
They had a few words over the matter
and Flanneily drew a revolver and shot
his father through the head three
times. He then returned to the ranch.
Here he had a battle with the officers
and shot Sheriff McEvoy, who subse- |
quehtly died from his wounds. Public
opinion was aroused and to escape
lynching Flanneily was brought to this
city.
The case was given to the jury last
evening at 5 o'clock, but a verdict was
not agreed upon until nearly 10 o'clock
this morning. It is said that until
morning the jury stood 8 to 4 for life
imprisonment, but they were finally
won over by the majority.
Flanneily received the verdict coolly
and showed no signs of emotion when
the verdict was read. Judge Lorigan
set next Friday as the day for passing
sentence.
A great many exceptions have been
taken by Attorneys Straus and Phiel
and the settling of this bill will occupy
considerable time. The case will go to
the Supreme Court.
When Flanneily was returned to jail
his cell was changed, and he was ta
ken from the small tank and given a
larger cell on the second floor. He was
given a complete change of clothing
and everything taken from him. This
was done to prevent him from killing
himself, and from carrying out ' his
boast, as published exclusively in The
Call ten days ago, that he would chea:
the gallows by suicide. Flanneily told
a cellmate about a month ago that he
had fully determined to kill himself if
a verdict of guilty of murder in the
first degree was rendered. He said he
would cut an artery in his wrist, or
would make a rope of blankets and
hang himself from a grating in the
washroom.
It was to prevent these threats that
a consultation was held between Sheriff
Mansfield, Under Sheriff Benson and
Jailer Black to-day, and the decision
reached to remove him to another cell.
The suit of clothes Flanneily has worn
since his arrest was taken from him
and he was given a suit of prison
clothing. A gold watch and a crucifix
and rosary beads, -which had been
given him by a Catholic priest, were
taken from the prisoner.
Will Extend Their Tour to Mexico.
SANTA BARBARA, March 11.— James
Marvin Curtis is in receipt of a tele
gram from Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee,
informing him that they will extend their
bridal tour to the City of. Mexico.
SENSATION IN A
SALINAS COURT
Noted Crook Makes Con
fession to Save a
Companion.
Assumes Responsibility for a
Burglary Charged to
His Friend.
Tells a Straightforward Story of
How the Crime Was
Committed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Cal., March 11.— There j
was quite a sensation in the Superior
ciurt late this afternoon when one not- ;
ed crook was put >m the witness stand,
, and testified most emphatically that he i
j was guilty of the crime of which an- j
: other crook now being tried was ac
cused. This testimony was a great sur
prise to all.
Joseph White, the witness who was so
willing to take the responsibility off |
one man's shoulders and admit that he ;
himself was guilty, is well known in
several parts of this State as an all
around crook. Only last week he was
tried in the Superior Court on a charge
of burglary, but after the jury had been
out for twenty-four hours they failed !
to bring in a verdict. When he was j
about to regain his liberty, as the I
charge would not have been pressed,
he volunteered to go on the stand and
testify in favor of Charles Johnson,
aiias James Ryan, the defendant in the
present case.
White testified this afternoon that he
burglarized the home of James Frazier j
in Pajaro Valley, on or about August
29, 1897. He told a straightforward
story of how he and another man en
tered the house about 11 o'clock at
night, he going upstairs and doing the
work, while his pal remained outdoors
on watch. He told what was taken, :
described the house, premises and
surrounding country, and, in fact, gave
all the material points to show conclu
sively that he was indeed the guilty
P&rtjr. In cross-examination, however,
the witness was stumped on the minut- ;
est details.
The whole testimony was like a
thunder-clap in a clear sky. .It was at
a time, too, when the prospects for the
accused man's acquittal seemed very
slim. The testimony offered by the
District Attorney and Detectives Dillon
and Ivan of the San Francisco police,
together with the defendant's past
character, was Indeed damaging to his
case.
Detective Ivan testified tha ! . he had
arrested James Ryan, who then went
by the name of James McDumatt. on
a charge of grand larceny February 11,
1884, and that about an hour after his
arrest a charge of burglary was also
placed against him. He was sentenced
to San Quentin for five years on April
24. 1884.
Detective Dillon was put on the stand,
and testified that about two months
after Ryan was released from San
Quentin he arrested him on a charge
of burglary. Ryan gave his name then
as Charles Johnscn, and was convict
ed and sentenced to ten years in Fol
som on September 29, 1889.
The present charge is for burglary
committed August 29, 1897. Ryan was
captured in San Jose by. Chief of Po
lice Kidward, who testified to-day that
he caught the man with burglar tools
upon his person. White, the man who
to-day admitted the guilt of the crime
with which Johnson is accused, was
captured in Chualar, but escaped and
was retaken near San Juan. On De
cember 6 White and Johnson made a
clever escape from the county Jail in
this city by locking two deputy sheriffs
in jail and taking the key with them.
White, however, was captured in San
Francisco, after having about two
weeks' liberty. Johnson was retaken
about three weeks later.
BRUTAL DEED
OF A CONVICT
With a Shovel He Fells
an Aged Fellow
Prisoner.
Murder Only Prevented by the
Guard, Who Threatened
to Shoot.
The Old Man Thought to Be Fatally
Injured— Warden Aull at Byron
Springs.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, March 11.— A most
brutal assault to murder was com
mitted yesterday at the Folsom Prison.
Convict Kelly, a man of 70 years, was
struck on the head with a shovel In the
hands of another convl-t whose name
cannot be learned.
, Between the prison and the town of
Folsom there Is a line of railroad main
tained and operated by the State. It is
quite a section of roadbed and from the
fact that considerable traffic passes
over it, it requires the services of a
section gang. This gang is composed of
prisoners. Yesterday they were in
charge of Guard Hdgan. In lifting a
rail from one side to the other old man
Kelly was told to "hurry up," or given
some command similar In terms by an
other prisoner. To this Kelly made
some reply and immediately received a
blow just back of the ear by one of the
convicts with whom he was working.
The old man uttered a cry and fell to
the ground. Maddened with rage his as
sailant followed up the blow with an
other, and not until Guard Hogan
threw a cartridge into the barrel of his
rifle and threatened to shoot did the
would-be murderer withhold his mur
derous purpose.
Kelly was carried to the prison hos
pital and cared for. So serious was
his condition last night that Father
Hunt of Sacramento was sent for to
administer to the "spiritual wants of
the old convict, who declared he could
not survive the blow. To-day he ral
lied somewhat, but to-night he Is In a
precarious condition and his death is
expected any hour.
No information concerning the affair
could be obtained at the prison, but
this account is vouched for by a pas
senger who arrived in the city to-night.
Kelly was an inoffensive old man and a
model prisoner, while his assailant is
very vicious and dangerous.
Coyne, who participated with Brown
in the counterfeiting affair, published
exclusively in The Call of to-day, has
been consigned to solitary confinement.
It should be said, in Justice to the offi
cers at Folsom, that the capture of
Coyne and Brown was a clever piece
of work.
All of the officers are very reticent
about everything occuring at the prison
now on account of the absence of War
den Aull, who is now at Byron Springs
under the advice of his physician, and
while his ailment is only a passing
one it is, nevertheless, sufficient to
give some apprehension to his friends.
SEMINOLE TO CARRY
REINDEER TO ALASKA.
Bark Soon to Sail From Seattle With
Several Hundreds of the
Animals.
SEATTLE, March 11. — Considerable
Interest is being taken in the Lap
landers and reindeers which are now
quartered here. Although they were
intended for the Government relief ex
pedition into Dawson, which has been
abandoned, they will be otherwise util
ized. The first detachment of the
reindeer expedition will leav* here on
Tuesday next. The expedition will go
'■ on the bark Seminole in tow of the tug
' Rescue, to Pyramid Harbor. ,From
j there the start will be made into the
interior.
iie transportation contract was
ed to-day with Barneson & Chil
, who have agreed to deliver 337
', forty Laplanders and about 100
of supplies at Pyramid Harbor for
). The Seminole Is now at Everett
ing lumber. Captain W. W. Rob
n Jr. went thither on Thursday and
inspected the vesfiel before giving out
the contract. The Seminole will be
here on Sunday, and before the rein
| deer can be loaded forty-two stalls will
be built on her deck, each to hold eight
animals. This method of handling the
deer was found most satisfactory when
they were crossing the Atlantic. The
deer left behind will go from here about
March 20 by steamship to Prince Wil
liam Sound. From there they will
make the overland trip into the Yukon
gold fields in the effort to establish th it
route as a desirable all-American
route.
The bark Semlnole is of 1442 tons
gross, and is 196 feet long, 41 feet wide
and 25 feet deep, being a stanch
roomy craft. The women and children
and such men as are now going to
Alaska will be sent next Monday to Old
Port Townsend on the steamship Idaho,
there to remain until shipped to St.
Michael to join the heads of the fam
ilies. There are seventeen women,
twenty-six children and twenty-six
men who will be domiciled at Fort
Townsend. Of the children eighteen
are under the age of 10 years.
a. Long Shot Wins at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 11.— Track
fast. The feature was the win o-f Fer
! ryman II at odds of 50 to 1. Results:
First race, selling, six furlongs— Ferry
man II won, Alma second, Mamie Callan
! third. Time. 1:15 M;.
Second race, two-year-olds, four fur
longs—The Diver won. Pansy p second,
| The Winner third. Time, :49.
Third race, mile, selling— Globe II won,
Tclah second, Ma Petite third. Time,
1:43.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile— What
Next won. Cherry Leaf second, Elkin
third. Time, 1:41*4-
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling-
Babe Field won, Hanobelle second, Dor
othy 111 third. Time, 1:29.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth,
spiling. Jack of Hearts won. Little
Bramble second, Kingstone third. Time
1:50^4.
I DROPS HIS FATHER'S NAME.
Ernest Johnson Howell Is Now Plain
Ernest Johnson.
STOCKTON. March 11.— Judge Jones
to-day granted the petition of Ernest
Johnson Howell, son of Mary Johnson,
to have his name changed to Ernest
Johnson. Mrs. Howell is the former wife
of M. D. Howell, who was tried several
times for counterfeiting, and having re-
I sumed her name of Johnson, she de-
I sired the same for her son.
The Princess of Wales has a pair of
opera glasses of platinum set with ru
bles, sapphires and turquoises and valued
at £2000.
The facsimile /^F x^xV"** ** on every wrapper
signature of V^a//irf&^S^i of CASTORIA.
AT FOUR SCORE
TEARS AND TEN
Harry J. Bee, the Oldest
California Pioneer,
Passes Away.
Played a Prominent Part in
the Early History of the
State.
Fought in the Mexican War and Is
Credited With Many Acts
of Bravery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, March 11.—
Harry Jubilee Bee, the oldest pvoneer
of California, died to-day, aged 39 years
and 6 months. Bee came to California
in 1830. After living many years at San |
Jose he came to this county last fall I
and has since resided with relatives at J
the little hamlet of Pozo, in the eastern !
part of the county, where he will be
buried.
In 1836 Bee joined the rifle company
commanded by Captain Isaac Graham :
for the purpose of aiding in the at
tempt to liberate California from Mex
ico. From Santa Cruz the company
marched to Monterey. On arriving i
there they found everything quiet, and
Harry, receiving an offer to take charge
of Thomas O. Larkin's store, remained
in Monterey, while the company
marched southward. A few days after
ward there were indications of an ag
gressive movement on the part of the '
soldiers of the force, and a messenger
was dispatched after Captain Graham,
who soon returned to Monterey with
his company. The fort was attacked,
and after several days' fighting it sur
rendered, the comandante, General
Jose Figueroa, having previously been
captured by Harry Bee and an Ameii- |
can named Kinlock.
About the time the "Bear flag" was
raised in California Bee joined Gen
eral Castro's command and was with
the Mexican soldiers in front of the ;
plaza in San Joee when the news ar- ,
rived that Commodore Sloat had cap
tared Monterey and that the American
flag was flying from the presidio. Cas- ;
tro's command broke up, a few casting ■
their lots with the Mexican commander, :
but the majority, among whom was '
Harry, making up their minds to join j
the Americans. Securing a horse, he
rode to Monterey, and was heartily
welcomed by the commodore, who was
in need of a man who could tell him
all about the country. Captain John C.
Fremont, the "Pathfinder," was then
somewhere In Sonoma County. Com
modore Sloat was desirous of commu
nicating with him, and he asked Harry \
to carry dispatches to Fremont and .
also deliver a verbal message that the
"Bear flag" must be pulled down and
the American flag substituted.
Mounted on a fleet horse, young Bee \
took the trail, and in god time reached
Fremont's encampment, on the North ,
Fork of the American River/ The de
livery of the verbal message incensed
Fremont, and he vented his ill-feeling ;
on Bee, who used his own tongue in
such a way that he was placed under
arrest.
When Fremont's company reached
Monterey Harry was released from, cus- j
tody by order of Commodore Sloat, who
was indignant at the manner in which i
his messenger had been treated.
In 1848, when the gold fever ' broke ;
out in earnest and everybody went to ;
the mines. Bee started with the rest. j
He went to Dry Diggins, on the Ameri
can River, and remained three months, !
clearing in that time about $9000, and j
then returned to his family in San
Jose. ••
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
No Appropriation in the Sundry-
Civil Bill for River Improve
ments Here.
WASHINGTON. March 11.-Senator
Perkins has been endeavoring to per
suade Senator Frye, chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, to include in
the sundry civil appropriation bill an ap
propriation for the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers, inasmuch as. there is to
be no regular river and harbor bill passed
at this session: but Mr. Frye to-day in
formed* the California Senator that It
would be impossible to do so, as the
sundry civil bill appropriates money only
for work already authorized by Congress
and partly contracted for. Senator Per
kins also visited Assistant Secretary of
War Meiklejohn to-day to try and hurry
the work on San Pedro harbor.
Pensions: California: Original—An
drew J. Malcomb, Soldiers' Home Los
Angeles, $6; William Lortz, Veterans"
Home, Napa, $S: John Phillips, King
City, $8; Charles E. Perkins, Veterans'
Home, Napa, $6. Increase— George Shaw,
Long Beach, $S to $10; George Crist, Ther
malito, $»> to $12. Original widow, etc. —
Elizabeth Reeve, mother, Gllroy. $12.
Washington : Increase— Alfred Jones
Clifton, $8 to $12.
MARRIED FIFTY YEARS.
Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Swanton Cele-
brate at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. March 11.— Mr. and
Mrs. A. P. Swanton, old-time residents,
celebrated their golden wedding to-day
In an informal way by receiving their
numerous friends and being congratu
lated by them at their beautiful home on
Mission Hill.
Mr. and Mrs. Swanton have been iden
tified with Santa Cruz since its begin
ning and have been prominently identl-
Bed with it in all its good works and
progressive movements. Fifty years ago .
In the city of Sangorville, Me., Miss Em- !
ma Parshley was united in marriage by
the Rev. Charles Hussey to A. P. Swan-
ton.
From Sangorville they moved to Ban
gor. Me., and then to Brooklyn. In 1864
Mr. Swanton came to California, being !
followed by his wife two years later.
During their residence in Santa Cruz,
until the last few years, they have been
in the hotel business. At present Mr.
Swanton is interested in the Big Creek
Power Company.
They have had three children— two i
daughters, both of whom are dead, and |
a son, Fred W. Swanton. who is one of j
the leading citizens of Santa Cruz.
FATALITY AT SKAGUAY.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, March 5 (by steam
ship Australia, via Seattle, March 11.—
Ross Starner of Ouray, Col., manager of
the Colorado Packing Company here, ac
cidentally shot and killed himself with a
revolver this morning while dressing
himself.
Dies of Smallpox in China.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 11.—Coun
ty Treasurer Truman Reeves received
word to-day by cablegram that his son
Clarence had died of smallpox at Wu
ehau. Kwangsal Province, China. The
young man and his wife were Congrega
tional missionaries and had been In
China five years. The deceased was 27
years old, and had visited this city once
since taking up his work abroad.
HE MET DEATH
LIKE A STOIC
Wee Tung, the Murderer,
Executed at San
Quentin.
Without Uttering a Word the
Celestial Goes to His
Doom.
Amos Lunt, the Hangman, Sends His
Fourteenth Victim Into
Eternity.
SAN QUEXTIN PRISON, March 11.—
Wee Tung, the Chinese murderer, was
led to the gallows to-day, and in ex
actly twelve and one-half minutes
from the time the trap was sprung at
10:31 o'clock the doctors in attendance
pronounced life extinct.
It was a strange scene that was en
' acted in the execution room. Not a
! word was spoken from the time tha
guards led the condemned man from
the death chamber to the execution
j room, and the murderer had shot
through the trap to his death. The en
: tire performance did not occupy over
a minute's time.
Wee Tung was a man without friends.
None of his countrymen came to se«?
him after he arrived at the penitentiary
under sentence of death, and he in
1 quired for none. When he was brought
to the prison he had every opportunity
of escape offered him, but he took no
advantage. The deputy sheriff who had
him in charge on the boat and on the
train was under the influence of liquor
and went to sleep, and when Green
Brae Station was reached and it be
lie necessary to get off the train the
iaman was compelled to assist hia
:or to alight.
: 10:25 o'clock this morning: Warden
c went into the death chamber to
1 the death warrant to the China
l, but Tung only told the Warden to
out; that he did not want to hear
read, but the Warden read the doc
ument nevertheless, and left the cham
tOnly an hour before a couple of
lese missionaries were admitted for
purpose of giving spiritual advice,
Tung would not listen to them, and
the few words he said were to abuse
them. Last night he stormed abo-ut the
cage in which he was confined, and
swore at the few visitors who called to
see him. He refused to talk, and
threatened to treat the visitors as he
had treated his uncle unless they left
Guards Jones and Abrogast of the
death watch say that he has spent
the entire week in the death chamber
without uttering hardly a word. This
morning he donned a suit of dark
clothes and got ready for the execution
without exhibiting a care. Only about
twenty-five persons witnessed the cxc-
cution.
Not a trace of fear was exhibited by
the Celestial. His face had the same
apathetical expression that it has worn
since he came to the penitentiary. He
walked up the steps to the gallows
with a firm, steady step. Lunt put
the noose around his neck and AbVo
gast pulled the black cap over his face.
The rope with the long knot was
drawn tight and Lunt raised his arm
as a signal. The trap door sprung
open and Wee Tung dropped through
to his death. His neck was broken
and respiration ceased instantaneous
ly. This is the second case at San
Quentin where respiration was checked
directly after the drop. Durrant's was
the first. Bleod flowed from the China
man's nose and Dr. Lawlor was com
pelled to stuff cotton under the black
cap to stay the flow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEDICAL
TREATMENT
rpHIS NEW APPLICATION OF THE COM-
1 - bined curative powers of both medical and
electrical treatment, as administered by the
skilled physicians of the Electro-Medical Insti-
! tute, cor. Market, Powell and Eddy streets, has
proven a wonderful success, exercising over
disease a curative power never before known
to the Medical World. The Doctors of this
Institute are curing all manner of Diseases so
quickly that those who bad lost all hope of
health are amazed at the wonderful results
obtained through this new system of Electric-
ity and Medicine combined. Immediate relief
is given' and perfect cures speedily follow,
many of which would have been Impossible
through electrical treatment alone or medical
treatment alone.'
MCDIfCC Insomnia, Hysteria, Chronic
(iklllCwi Headaches ' Nervous Twich-
Ings. Palpitation of the Heart, Dizziness, Evil
i Forebodings, Melancholia, Weak and Sinking
; Spells, Nervous Debility and all its attendant
ailments. The awful effects of neglected or
improperly treated cases, producing weakness
of body and brain, dizziness, failing memory,
lack of energy and confidence, pains in back,
loins and kidneys, and other distressing symp-
toms. . Our Electro-Medical Treatment is the
only successful cure for nervous ailments.
RUEIIIf lI TIC II and all kindred diseases
iinLUfnft I 10 In of the joints and muscles
yield at once to Its influences.
PATADDU of the Nose, Throat, Lungs aad
UN mnnil Stomach. Our special com-
bined catarrh treatment never fails.
ri AMI inn cVin diseases of all
DLUUU ANU 9RIII classes thorough-
ly eradicated from the system.
fIICC ACCC of the Heart, Stomach, Liver,
UIOCMOCO Kidneys, Bladder and kindred
organs treated by the Eleotro-Medical System
with unfailing success.
I AMCC This Electro-Medical Combined
LHUICOi treatment is a boon to sufferers
from all diseases peculiar to women.
tifDITC if you cannot call, and pet th«
If 111 I L Doctors' opinion of your case.
CONSULTATION FREE«£
State Electro-Medical Institute
MARKET, POWELL & EDDY STS.
Entrance, 3 Eddy St. SAN FRANCISCO, CAt
OFFICE DESKS.
LARGE VARIETY.
DESKS BSII DESKS
DESKS ||p|| DESKS
Get Our Prices Before Buying.
BEO.H. FULLER DESK CO.,
638-640 MISSION STREET.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
A&fi ;MARKET -BT.. . OPP.
' Wt Hot«l. Telephone 670. Residence M
1 Valencia vtrttt. Telephone. : "Ctaurcb" U.
■■■-.-■-■■ . 'AFTERMATH
OF THE STORM
State Engineer Holmes
Thinks the Wharves
Got Off Lightly.
The Steamer Karluk to Take
Supplies to the Impris
oned Whalers.
Nearly All of the Front of the New
Depot Damaged by the Acid
Used to Wash It.
All the vessels injured In Thursday
morning's storm were having their
damages repaired yesterday, save the
schooner Ellen Gunderson, which still I
lies in the mud where she sank on the '
north side of Fishermen's wharf. The
work of raising the steamer Eureka j
was begun with daylight and two ;
divers soon had the holes in the yes- 1
sel's bottom patched up with canvas. !
She was then pumped out and raised
to the surface again. The timbers that
had been removed to examine the yes-
Bel's hull were then replaced and in a
short time the Eureka was alongside
the wharf looking as though she had j
never been sunk by a norther.
The work of repairing the bark
Martha Davis and the brig Lurline was
rushed all day. Both vessels were con-
Biderably damaged — the Davis in col- ,
\\ lth the coast survey steamer
Patterson and the Lurline with the j
Vallejo-street wharf— and it will take j
some time to get them ready for sea.
In regard to the damage done to the !
wharves Chief Engineer Holmes made j
the following report to the Harbor :
Commissioners yesterday:
Vallejo street wharf— Six fender piles j
broken.
Green street wharf— One cluster pile
broken.
Union street wharf— Two mooring ana |
four fender piles broken, three fender !
badly chafed, three mooring bits
pulled out of place and the band around
r broken.
Fishermen's wharf— The spring piles
and nearly all the fender piles on the |
north side of the north wins have been j
loosened from their fastenings and the:
compound stringers were found to be 'in |
a bad condition. The outer 150 feet of this
wharf la swinging badly, having separ
ated from the main portion forming the
"Li."
Lombard street wharf— The planking
near the northeasterly corner has opened
>-. but the general condition
of the wharf is about the same as before
torm.
B tion A of the seawall— Ten fender
piles and ten standard piles wore pulled
out by the schooner Edward Parks, and
for eighty feet the joint in the planking
has been opened up from one to ten
inches.
Powell street wharf— Twenty-five piles
were loosened up and lloated away during
the storm.
Section B of the seawall— Seven fender
ttve standard piles were pulled out
broken off by the schooner Dora,
and twelve fender piles and eight stand
ard piles by the schooner Gotama for
enta.
-idering tho violence of this storm
and the fact that vessels were lying
side of wharves at the most ex
position "f the water front. I con
the slight damage done an argu
ment in favor of the good condition of
the structure along the front.
The whaling- steamer Karluk sails for
F. iiit Harrow next Tuesday. Captain
faking -\l >ng extra sup
plies, as he thinks he will reach the
imprisoned whalers before the Bear. If
the men are alive now they will have
'. no trouble in subsisting from this on.
From the middle of March to the end
Of April the country in the vicinity of
Point Barrow swarms with wild ducks.
They are all plump and fat and can
k be knocked down with a stick, so any
fear of starvation from now on has
vanished.
The Karluk is also taking up sup
plies for the steamers Orca, Jessie H.
Freeman, Belvedere, Jennie and New
port, sehoom-r Kosario and bark Wan
derer. Captain McGregor expects to
find all the men of tie fleet well and
the vessels that were at Herschel Is
land safe, but he has very little hope
for the steamers that were caught in
the Ice off Point Barrow.
Lightship No 7 : rived from Port
land yesterday in command of Captain
Tattoo, one of the Columbia River
pilots. He says the new boat is very
steady and averaged nine knots an
hour durine: the run down the coast.
When the lightship has been fitted out
she will go out to the bar in company
with the lightship tend~- Madrone and
will there be ane'.ored in position.
Captain A. I. Lowell will command and
:!I have to assist him Chief Officer
Kuebner, Chief Engineer xiume and
First Assistant Engin r Pepper.
A. s.-i did class in navigation has been
Ftarted on board the sloop-of-war Mar
ion by J. I. McMillan of the Branch
Hydrographic office. The first class
was started for the officers and this
one is for the petty officers and men.
Captain Ashlund has gone to- San Pe
dro to assume command of the bark
Coryphene. Captain Ayers, whose
place he will take, tried to commit sui
cide a few days ago. He has been
mentally unbalanced at different times
of late, and during the last trip insisted
that there was not enough ballast in
the hold to counter balance the top
hamper. He began accordingly throw
ing everything movable on deck down
into the hold. The hatches followed
the spare spars, but when he began
throwing the knives and forks and
spoons, also the crockery, down into
the bottom of the vessel as ballast the
men thought it time to call a halt.
Shortly after that Captain Ayers tried
to end his life with a bullet.
The contractors for the stone work
on the new ferry depot have a nice job
ahead of them. In order to have
everything looking nice and clean they
washed the face of the building down
with brooms in which were steel bris
tles and water in which there was a
plentiful supply of acid. In fact, there
was so much acid that in many places
th* 1 stone facings have been burnt a
dark brown. This will necessitate the
stonemasons going over the entire face
the building and chipping off the
burnt surface.
The naval recruiting office received
a novel communication from C. Bev
erly Hueh-« of National City yester-
He wants to join the navy and
asks that when the call to arms comes
he shall have the honor of being known
as the first recruit from San Francisco,
neludes his letter as follows: "The
■ partment will need plenty of men
: bout April R, the date when actual hos
tilities will commence."
Prisoners Up for Sentence.
I>.':niel Keating, recently convicted of
T'urplnry, was sentenced to ten years' im
prisonment in FolsonV by Judge Wallace
yesterday morning. William Muller and
Frank Allen, two young inoorrigibles,
pleaded gjuilty a short time ago to
rin;f of bringing stolon property ln
to the Htate, were up for Bentence. Judge
Wallace was about to son.<l the prisoners
to Whittier when th^ District Attorney
Informnd the court that they had been
If In that institution before. The lads
Tft Tenuously denied the statement and
Judge Wallace suspended sentence for a
week pending inquiries. In event it is
proven that the boys lied when they de
nied ever having been in Whittler they
v-ill not escape with a light sentence.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure gruarntd. Dr.
Gordln i sSanitarium,sl4Pine,nr.Kearny,S.F.,Cal.
The schooner Beulah went from here. to Grays Harbor, discharged her
ballast, took on board a full cargo of lumber, sailed again and got back
to San Francisco in fourteen days. Captain Mitchell says he had no heavy
weather either way, but a good steady sailing breeze stayed by him all the
time. To mark their appreciation of the fast round trip the owners of the
Beulah have presented Captain Mitchell with a $&0 suit of clothes.
CLASH IN THE
POLICE COURTS
Prosecuting Attorney Spi
netti Refuses to
Prosecute.
He Insinuated That Judge
Conlan Was Shirking
His Duty.
The Charge of Battery Against Cap
tain Engelberg Upon Bennie
Loy Dismissed.
Prosecuting Attorney Spinetti of
• Judge Campbell's court refused yester
i day to prosecute the case of Captain
I Engelberg c-f God's Regular Army,
charged with battery upon Bennie Loy,
the nine-year-old boy, who is a brother
to Alice Loy, the little girl so shame
fully abused by "General" Duggan,
commander of Jesus Christ's Army.
The case of Engelberg and also the
case of Mrs. J. A. Clark, charged with
cruelty to the little girl, were originally
assigned to Judge Conlan's c(,-urt, but
Thursday, at the request of ex-Judge
Lawler, who represented the defend
ants, they were transferred to Judge
Campbell's court.
When the cases were called yesterday
Spinetti said: "I have no desire to
shirk my duty, and am prepared at ali
times to try all cases assigned to this
court, no matter how long they may
take, but I decidedly object to try
cases that do not belong to this court,
and which, through caprice or the de
sire to shirk a plain duty, have been
sent to this court by another Judge."
Lawler said that Judge Conlan had
no desire to shirk his duty at any time.
It was at his request that the cases
were transferred, and he was sure that
his Honor would fairly try the cases.
As it was near the noon hour it was
decided to go on with the Engelberg
case at 2 o'clock. At that hour Spi
netti again gave voice to his objec
tions, and taking his hat walked out
of the courtroom. This left the Judge
without a prosecuting attorney, but
rather than not go on with the case he
agreed to examine the witnesses him
self.
The boy was put on the stand and
testified that Engelberg was in the
habit of slapping him on the ears, and
spanking him when he was naughty.
He made him cry with the pain. Once
Engelberg hit hhn on the hand with a
lath and cut his thumb.
John Pray, a member of the army,
was called as a witness, but to the sur
prise of Secretary Kane he said he
never saw Engelberg beat the boy, al
though Kane declared that Pray told
him he was in the room on one or two
occasions when the boy was beaten and
remonstrated with Engelberg.
The Judge thought that no unusual
cruelty had been shown, but only
enough to correct the boy, as all boys
needed at times. He would dismiss the
case.
As the little girl, Alice Loy, is too
sick in Sacramento to be brought to
the city the case against Mrs. Clark
was continued for ten days, and with
the consent of Secretary Kane she was
allowed to go on her own recognizance.
THE FLOWER SLOW.
Date Set for the Second Week of May
by the State Floral Society.
The date for the spring flower show
was set for May 12, 13 and 14 by the State
Floral Society at its regular meeting yes
terday The subject of making the show
the best of its kind was discussed, and its
success Is considered a matter of fact.
Professor E. Smith read a P^erhetore
the society on the "Diversification of
Flowers" and Mrs. Martin spoke on
Professor E. Smith brought a black
calla lily to the meeting, which was an
nhiect of curiosity to all.
The society decided to have a sweet pea
show during the month of June.
Coal Dealers Arrested.
United States Marshal Baldwin has de
termined to execute the warrants of ar
rest on the coal dealers recently indicted
by the United States Grand Jury for be
ing members of the Coal Dealers Asso
ciation. About 270 have surrendered
themselves to the Marshal, but there are
about sixty remaining who are display
ing a coyness which is irritating the au
thorities. Yesterday the Marshal started
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
out with a warrant to arrest George
Fritch, a wholesale dealer, who is one of
the. sixty invisibles, but learned that Mr.
Fritch was in the country and would fur
nish the required bond of $100 on his re
turn.
FATALLY SHOT DURING A SALOON QUARREL.
Charles Dunne, a Bartender, Alter Wounding W. D. Perkins, Tries to Escape, but
Is Caught at Stockton.
WD. PERKINS, who is also
known under the name of
Ferguson, was Bhot and fa-
I tally wounded yesterday
morning by Charles Dunne,
night bartender in the Junction saloon,
at the corner of O'Farrell and Jones
streets. Dunne left the city immediate
ly after the shooting, and was caught
at Stockton by Sheriff Cunningham,
who was notified to be c-n the lookout
for him, as it was soon learned by the
police that he would in all probability
head that way, as he has friends living
in the San Joaquin Valley.
There were several people in the sa
loon at the time of the shooting, but
the stories told by them are so- vary
ing that it is not known just what led
up to the affray. None of them are
willing to admit that the fatal shot was
fired by Dunne. They know all the cir
cumstances leading up to the instant
the shot was fired. From that time on
all is blank to them. They declare that
they did not see a revolver in Dunne's
hand, and but for the fact that Dunne
left the city after the shooting it
would have been difficult to fasten the
crime on him.
Notwithstanding the reticence of all
the parties concerned, it was learned
that Perkins went into the saloon early |
yesterday morning and picked a quar- j
rel with a stranger. They were dis- j
cussing the Maine disaster, and the ar
gument soon led to a fight. The strang
er was struck in the face, and Dunne
then interfered. After washing the
blood from the stranger's face Dunne
cautioned Perkins against creating any
further trouble. Perkins was in a tur- I
A SELFISH
RAILWAY
COMBINE
Development of Cali
fornia Retarded
by the S. P.
The State Is Excluded
From the Benefits of
Competition.
Santa Fe Now Leagued With
the Huntington Grasp
ing Corporation.
WRECKS AND ACCIDENTS.
Belief That Manager Flllmore Has
Outlived His Usefulness in the
Operating Department.
The frequency of collisions and !
wrecks on the coast division of the j
Southern Pacific sets people to think- j
ing whether it is safe to travel on the j
afternoon trains leaving this city for
San Jose and other points south on this
line. The traffic is not so heavy on
the line as to render necessary any
extra precautions to prevent trains
from coming together. There must be
something wrong in the management
: of the operating department of the cor
i poration.
The trains of the Southern Pacific on
every division run slow enough to
please the most leisurely inclined tour
ist, and how it is possible for trains
running on a Fillmore schedule to col
i lide with wrecking results is almost a
' mystery.
The wrecks on the coast line, the
poky snail pace on the main line be
tween Ogden and San Francisco and
bulent mood, and applied several vile
epithets to Dunne. They became en
gaged in a quarrel, a shot was fired and
Perkins fell to the floor mortally
wounded with a bullet in his brain.
Dunne hurriedly left the place, and
nothing more was heard of him until
the dispatch was received yesterday
afternoon, announcing his arrest at
Stockton. Why the witnesses who were
present at the time of the shooting re
main so reticent is puzzling to the po
lice.
Walter L. Hornbeck, proprietor of the
saloon, says that he was notified of the
occurrence about 7 o'clock yesterday
morning by hi* brother, Arthur Horn
beck, who generally relieves Dunne in
the morning. When he reached the sa
loon it was deserted. He found Per
kins lying on the floor in a room off the
bar, and at once telephoned for police
aid. Perkins was shot in front of the
bar, and, according to the story of Ar
thur Hornbeck, was lying on the floor,
when he went to notify his brother,
who lives at 629 Post street, of the
shooting. How Perkins got into the
side room is equally mystifying to the
police. None of those present in the
saloon will acknowledge carrying or
dragging him into the room.
When Perkins was removed to the
Receiving Hospital Dr. Toomey, who
attended him. pronounced him beyond
all medical aid. The bullet entered the
center of his forehead and ranged back
ward into the brain.
It is claimed by those who know
Dunne that he was jealous of Perkins.
Dunne is living with a rather comely
young woman, who gave her name to
the police as Mary V. Dunne, but who
is better known to them as Fannie
Douglass. She was in the saloon up to
within a few minutes rtf the shooting,
and it is generally believed that Jeal
the general indifference to the demands
of the traveling public are only inci
dents in the general railroad misman
agement as exemplified by the South
ern Pacific. There is no thought or
effort to meet competition in the pas
senger business. While northern roads
are crowded with passengers and Se
attle is thronged with men outfitting for
the Klondike the Southern Pacific still
clings to the old high rate of fare across
the continent.
In Southern California the blight of
the "combine" is over the land. The
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe, under
a progressive and enlightened admin
istration, contributed greatly to the de
velopment and prosperity of that rich
region of California, but the Santa Fe
is now in league with the Southern Pa
cific, contrary to law and public in
terest, and the methods which have
retarded the progress of the country
this side of the Tehachapi are in full
sway south of the mountains.
Under the influences of honest com
petition Los Angeles. San Diego, San
Bernardino, Redlands, Riverside and
other cities prospered and expanded.
The orchard industry became impor
tant, and might have grown to be
highly profitable to m"en who interested
their means in the development of the
country, if the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe had not made a league
against reducing the cost of transpor
tation. The Stubbs principle of charg
ing up against the fruit all that the
traffic could bear is now recognized by
the Santa Fe.
Men who have studied the growth
and expansion of productive States fig
ure that California should to-day have
a population of 3.000,000 people. San
Francisco should be a city of 700,000 in
habitants. This development would
have been accomplished if the elements
of selfishness and industrial destruction
had been eliminated twenty-five years
ago from the management of the South
ern Pacific system.
The situation was never worse than
it is to-day in San Francisco. There
seems to be a deliberate purpose on the
part of the Southern Pacific to exclude
| California from any participation what
ever in the Alaskan trade. Not a sin
i gle concession in hauling freight orpas
j sengers has been allowed by the South
ern Pacific, while the whole Western
j world is talking of the passenger rate
of $5 from St. Paul to Seattle.
While other railway corporations are
ousy was the real incentive for the
shooting. Being Jealous of Perkins,
Dunne took advantage of the quarrel
with the stranger to engage Perkins in
the fight, which will undoubtedly result
lin his death. Perkins is about 36
i years of age, and Dunne probably a few
! years younger. Prior to going to work
! for Hornbeck, about five weeks ago,
Dunne was engaged in Jinv Carr's sa
loon at the end of Geary street.
Dunne was arrested in Stockton im
mediately on the arrival of the train
from San Francisco. He was in the
act of leaving the train when he was
recognized by Deputy Sheriffs Wall and
i Black, and promptly arrested. When
asked for an explanation«of the shoot
ing, Dunne said:
"Yes, it is t'-ue I shot Perkins. He
has frequently threatened to kill me,
and I determined to defend myself."
L,ast evening the murderous barten
der was brought from Stockton and
locked up in the City Prison.
"I shot in self defense," he remarked.
"Perkins has repeatedly made the re
mark that he would do me\ and I con
! eluded not to take the worst of it. Af
! ter entering the saloon where the shoot
! ing took place I saw him brutally as
! sault a man named John B. Chrystal.
i While I was trying to stop the blood
i that flowed from an ugly gash over
' Chrystal's right eye. Perkins picked up
! a beer glass and after threatening to
j brain me, started after me. Thinking
i he intended to seriously injure me I
drew my revolver and fired. I hope he
I will not die, as I did not fire with the
i intention of killing him."
Chrystal was subsequently taken to
i police headquarters by Officer Prouse.
He was intoxicated and could not give
any tangible account of what had oc
curred in the saloon. He. however,
said that Perkins knocked him down
I and attempted to kick him when Dunne
| interfered.
1 extending privileges and presenting op
i portunities for travel and traffic, the
! Southern Pacific is figuring If some
product of the orchard, vineyard or
workshop will not be able to stand a
| slight increase in the existing cost of
| transportation to market.
The cause of California's misfortune
may be attributed to C. P. Huntingum's
: idea as to the methods which
| should be adopted and pursued in con
ducting a railroad, but the pres
i ident of the corporation is not the
j only person to blame. Some of his sub
j ordinates go out of the way to render
the management obnoxious. If Gener
al Manager Fillmore had not outlived
hi* usefulness in the operating d^part
| DJPnt, some extended notice of his In
! efficiency might be given. He contin
j ues to go along now, lust as Eastern
railroad men went, in the early "fifties."
He learns nothing and forgets nothing.
If a train arrives on time, the event is
! registered as an achievement of the op
prating department. If a wreck or col
lision takes place, the department con
gratulates itself that tho disaster was
not attended by more serious results.
j It was recently suggested that Fill
j more should be provided with a com
■ fortable place for life in the Crocker
j Old People's Home, and many sup
posed that the management of the com
pany would heed the suggestion.
Captain Thrasher's Trip.
Captain Thrasher, United States spe
cial Internal revenue agent, will leave
shortly for Portland, Or., for the purpose
of transferring the Internal Revenue De
partment on March 21 from Henry Black
IRENE LYNCH, THE MISSING GIRL.
Her Parents Believe That She Was Kidnaped While Crossing
Union Square.
music teacher's studio it is believed that she met the man or a woman
employed by him for the purpose while crossing Union Square and was
induced on 'some pretext to enter or carry a letter to some house where
a trap had been laid and arrangements made to keep her a prisoner.
This theory is substantiated by the girl's own remarks when she
left the house as she expressed an unusual desire to get back as soon
as possible as she had promised a number of young friends that she
would play for them that evening and wanted to practice an hour or
so before dinner so as to be ready to entertain in the evening.
An hour passed and she did not return, but it was thought that
she might have forgotten her intention of practicing and had gone to
visit one of her friends. When evening came, however, her parents
became anxious and sent Irene's two brothers and a friend to search
for her. They visited the homes of all her playmates and companions
and found that she had not been there and had not been seen, in fact,
since the preceding afternoon when a number of them had met her at
St. Vincent's Convent, where she attended school.
This is the first time that she has ever been away from home
and as she is a good girl her parents scout the idea that she has run
away with some chance acquaintance whom she met at the Mining
Fair as a result of some childish love affair, as she met no strangers
there, and if she did her brother would know of it as he was continu
ally with her.
Detective Anthony was detailed on the case yesterday afternoon
and was instructed to notify the Oakland police officials to keep a
lookout for the missing girl as an attempt might be made to carry
her East. /»
Irene is 14 years of age, but looks fully 16. as she Is unusually tall
and slender. She has a pleasant disposition, which, combined with per
sonal attractiveness and an extraordinary musical ability, her versa
tility extending to almost every known instrument, makes her pecu
liarly susceptible, so her parents think, to the design, of any evil
minded person, who would not scruple to put the girl's talents and
gifts to pecuniary and evil purposes.
The only person wl o has seen the old man who figures so promi
nently in the disappearance of the girl is a Miss Fay. who was em
ployed in a cafe at the Mining Fair. She noticed him on several oc
casions asking bystanders questions concerning the little musical won
der, but ca. not describe him or recollect his features.
The detectives are totally at sea in the case and Anthony claims
that there is absolutely not the slightest clue for them to work upon.
•
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^
HAVE YOy_HEALTH?
It Is the Beginning of All Happiness. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Will Give It to You.
ILL HEALTH ROBS US OF ALL THAT IS ENJOYABLE IN LIFE. TO
I the nervous woman and the debilitated man there is no real happiness. All
pleasures are flat, dull pastime. The mind is gloomy, and what makes the
strong man joyous causes the weak man to feel disgusted with himself It
is so with women. The loss of nerve strength is the loss of the best in life.
DR. SANDEN'S BELT BRINGS JOY.
This jrreat invigorator has cured 10,000 weak men and women during the
last three voars. It saturated the weak nerves with electrical energy.
"Energy" is life, spirit, happiness, ambition. Tou can have it.
If you are not strong and well, be you man or woman Dr. Sanden will
send you a book, for either sex. free, that will show you the way to happi-
ness, confidence and health. Get it to-day.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 632 Ma p r a k^ e s fct?r^n te Franci«:o.
Btreel "'note— Mak* no 8 mistake In the number— 632 Market street.
! man. the retiring Collector, to David M.
| Dunne, recently appointed to that posi
tion.
. ♦ » —
THE FINANCE COMMITTEE.
James H. Robinson to Investigate
Commitments to Public In
stitutions.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
' Supervisors met yesterday.
James H. Robinson was recommended
for employment, at 15 per cent of the
: receipts, for the purpose of Investigating
! for the State commitments to the various
public institutions, in order to determine
the State's liability for their mainten
ance.  .
Robinson did similar work for Alameda
1 County, and collected $10,165. There Is
: due this city over $5000.
The site for the new City and County
, Hospital which had been selected by the
Board of Health was submitted to the
I committee, and was approved. The site
! was the one selected In the Almshouse
, tract.
Truths Plainly Told.
This week's Star is a remarkable issue.
Live as it always is. it to-day Is liver
I than ever. Its first page articles are on.
i "Pot House Politicians," and the Regis
' trarship, the school text books and Judge
: Campbell. Its second page deals with
the controversy between the Mayor and
i Auditor; aiso. speaks of the Assessor, the
| Cuban question, and a "Reverend Ass."
i Its third page handles Judges and other
! public officials without gloves. Its fourth
: and fifth pages deal with questions or
! the greatest moment. Its sixth page ex
; poses in a comprehensive article the
i wrongs of the "contract" system. The
rest of the Star Is devoted to timely ex
! tracts from other papers, correspondence*
| and current literature. *
A veil of mystery and a snaaow
of criminality seems to han^ over
the sudden disappearance of little
Irene Lynch, who has not been seen
by her friends since she left her
home at 524 Geary street last
Wednesday afternoon. No trac^ of
her whereabouts can be ascertained
and she has completely disappeared
from sight as if the earth had opened
and swallowed her. Her distracted
parents can advance no reason why
she would willingly leave home as
she was always happy and had no
possible cause for running away.
It is believed by the girl's father,
Daniel Lynch, that she had no in
tention of running away, but was
abducted by an old man who was
attracted by Irene's pretty face and
her musical ability while attending
one of her public cornet recitals at
the Mining Fair. It was noticed
and remarked at the time that the
man took an unusual interest in the
girl as he made several Inquiries as
to who she was and where she uved
and ac every opportunity spared no
pains in praising her musical ability
to bystanders.
It is this man that the distracted
father believes is the cause of his
daughter's sudden disappearance.
When she left her home Wednes
day afternoon on an errand to her
56
SATURDAY MARCH 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bulldlnft
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, . open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMU&EMENTs.
Baldwin—" Robin Hood "
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
California— "Town Topics," Sunday night.
Alcazar— -A QUaetf JTool.
Morocco's— "The Woman In Blncfc"
Tlvoli— "The Geisha-"
Orphenm— Vaudeville.
Ol.vmpla, corner Mason and K'ldy streets— Specialties
Auditorium, Mason and Kills streets— Violin Kecltal this
afternoon.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Masquerade Ball, to-night.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture on Phrenology. Monday night,
'ihe rhntoo OhVyntta nnrt Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club. Oakland— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By T. McDonald— This day, March 12, Silks, etc., at 116 Grant
avenue, at 11 a. in. and 'i p. m.
MR. BRYAN AND MEXICO.
A FREE silver correspondent asks us to explain
one of Mr. Bryan's statements about Mexican
finance.
We do not undertake to publish a dictionary to de
fine the meaning of Mr. Bryan's statements, but we
have no objection to explaining the point that is in
issue.
» Mr. Bryan states that to pay $6,000,000 of interest
on her debt Mexico is compelled to collect over $12,
000,000 in silver dollars. This is due to the difference
between the bullion value of gold and silver and to
the fact that Mexico is on a silver basis under free
coinage. Her Federal taxes are all collected in silver
and are doubled by her having to pay her debts and
interest in gold. Free coinage in this country would
lead to the same result. It would affect nearly every
private contract and State and municipal bond in the
United States. In 1894, in the midst of the panic, the
gold contract mortgages outstanding in California
amounted to $202,000,000. Under the Mexican sys
tem $404,000,000 in silver would be required to pay
them, for here as there free coinage would be entirely
ineffective to equalize the value of the two metals.
The people of this State pay in taxes annually say
$18,000,000, and it must be in gold, for the public
obligations are gold contracts. Then under the Mex
ican system sought to be fixed upon us by Mr. Bryan,
if our taxation is $18,000,000 it would require $36,
000,000 to pay it.
This discloses the fact, according to Mr. Bryan's
own statement, that to adopt the Mexican system
would require us to discharge all outstanding public
and private obligations, written in gold, by raising
double their amount in silver. This would be the
first cost of the change.
Now in what measure would we better ourselves
by this change to Mexican methods? Granting that
prices would rise, that when things have to be paid
for in silver those who sell them will ask $2 for what
$1 buys now. because, as in Mexico, the dollar would
then be worth only half as much as now, the appar
ent rise in price would be taken up In the necessity
of paying existing debts in more than twice as many
dollars as they call for, and the debtor would be left
just where he is now.
What would happen after that will be just what
exists now in Mexico. Prices received in silver would
apparently be double, because those who sell charge
enough in silver to make the gold value of the ar
ticle. If silver rose in value as it approached gold
prices would fall in proportion. Mr. Bryan has said
that he expects this to occur. But that it has not
occurred in free coinage Mexico he admits, for it
takes more than $2 in silver there to pay $1 of gold
debts. If silver further decline in value those who
sell will demand more silver in o.der that they may
still get the value of their wares in gofd. They will
exact from the buyer enough silver to exchange for
the gold value.
No statute can stop this. Gold being the natural
standard, it will continue to measure values, and
these in turn will be met by the exaction of enough
silver to equal them.
Our correspondent asks if gold coinage circulates
in Mexico. It does not. Only silver is in circula
tion there. Mexico's stock of silver money per
capita is $4 54, her gold per capita is 41 cents. The
same ?ituation is found in every free coinage country.
They have practically no gold and a very small per
capita of silver. The great gold standard nations cir
culate as money more silver per capita than the total
per capita circulation of the free coinage countries.
Finally, in the free coinage countries like Mexico
all prices measured in silver are higher except the
wages of labor. Labor, then, gets less and pays
more on a silver basis than under the gold standard.
It has to stand the actual depreciation in silver and
lias to buy the necessaries of life with enough silver
to make the gold price.
An evening paper is guilty of error in speaking of
"General" Duggan as the head of God's Regular
Army. The head of that army is also in jail, but it
is well to be correct even in small matters. God's
Regular Army has not yet been charged with any
thing worse than being a lot of vagrants prone to
abuse of children and to burglary.
Perhaps Havana will buy a war vessel to present
to Spain, this meager chance being about the only
one that country has of acquiring another vessel.
But if Havana really knows its business it will raise
the cash and devote it to buying bread.
The Daily Mail of London seems unduly con
cerned lest the United States goad Spain into making
a declaration of war. - The tendency of this country
to goad Spain or any other power had escaped notice
here.
»
According to correspondents there is talk of the
Spanish blowing up the Montgomery. Of course
there is. The correspondents get space rates on just
«»ich fool talk. .
TME CARBON MONOXIDE BANKS.
A DESIDERATUM devoutly to be wished is
that the lawsuit instituted on Thursday by
Henry James against the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company for the recovery of a $5 meter
deposit— an account of which was given in yester
day's Call— will result in establishing the rights of
gas consumers in this city. If the gas companies
have any legal authority for compelling their patrons
to deposit money as a guarantee of integrity this ac
tion will bring it forth. Neither the water company
nor the telephone company has any such author
ity, and the privilege of exacting a similar guarantee
is enjoyed by no other individual or corporation en
gaged in business in San Francisco. Yet for years
consumers of gas have been subjected to this m-
dignity.
We arc curious to see what sort of a defense the
gas company will make to Mr. James' action. Prob
ably it will say that taking from its patrons and hold
ing without paying interest some $50,000 or $60,000
a year is a reasonable rule of its business, but the
people generally will decline to be appeased by any
such argument. The company will be compelled to
show its legal authority for refusing to supply meters
on demand or return the money. If it should turn
itself into a savings bank and allow interest on de
posits there might be some public toleration of the
system, but until it does that it may expect to see
everybody back up the suit instituted by Mr. James.
The Call does not desire to precipitate a "run" on
the "banks" of the two gas companies of this city.
But the facts of the situation appear to be that these
corporations have in their vaults about $150,000 in
coin of the realm which does not belong to them.
They are probably using this money in their business
and presumably making interest on it. In effect, not
only are they supplying consumers with gas at a fair
profit, but they are forcing their patrons in violation
of law to loan them a sufficient amount of coin to con
stitute a good working capital. If either of these cor
porations should fail this money would probably be
lost. In other words, gas consumers have no secur
ity for their deposits.
If these facts cause a "run" on the gas banking
houses it is not our fault, and if any person having
money on deposit with them asks our advice we shall
unhesitatingly tell him to demand his coin. It may
be inconvenient for the gas companies to suddenly
pay so large a sum of money, but it should be re
membered that the depositors have no security, not
even a bank book, and that at any moment the car
bon monoxide depositories may go into liquidation
and not pay a cent on the dollar.
Banks* holding deposits in this way ought not to
expect to avoid "runs." People who place their
money in regularly incorporated banks are not al
ways satisfied with their investments. It is to be
hoped, therefore, that Mr. James' suit will settle the
status of these deposits and compel the companies
to return to their customers the forced loans.
THE RIVER IMPROVEMENT BILL.
BY the decision of the Senate Committee on
Commerce not to recommend an amendment
to the sundry civil bill appropriating money
for the improvement of the Sacramento and San
Joaquin rivers it seems that the chance of obtaining
any such appropriation at this cession is closed. The
only way to procure the funds for the work would
be by a river and harbor appropriation bill, and it is
not likely such a measure will be brought up at this
late date, >ince it is well known that the leaders of
the House desire to finish business as speedily as pos
sible and bring about an early adjournment.
The failure to procure the much desired appropria
tion is a delay and not a defeat. That much of con
solation remains to us. In neither House has the
proposed improvement been rejected. If the import
ance of the work is pressed upon the attention of
Congressmen and the claim for a liberal appropria
tion warmly supported by our delegates in Congress
and by influential men and strong commercial and
industrial organizations at home we may with rea
son hope to achieve success when Congress meets
next winter.
The people of California should require no urging
to hold their attention closely to the work of river
improvement. In many respects it is the most im
portant problem of State development which now
confronts them. The sweep of the two streams is so
great and the number of industries affected by them
is so large that the improvement and maintainance
of their channels in good condition is in the fullest
sense of the phrase a Californian necessity. Nearly
all sections of the State and nearly all classes of peo
ple will derive benefits from the work, and we have
no other claim to urge upon the National Govern
ment in which so much of public good is involved.
Although reports from Washington are to the
effect that a considerable number of leading Con
gressmen are favorable to the appropriation and that
the chances of obtaining it at the next session are
good, we should not rely too much upon the en
couragement tfius given. Chance is never so good
as certainty, and outside help is generally found to
be strongest on the side of those who help them
selves. California must make her own fight for the
measure and must make it resolutely, persistently
and unitedly. Many a little stream just big enough
to find a place on a State map has been improved by
the Government while our great rivers have been
neglected for all these years, and the reason has been
simply that the little streams have had big workers
on their side while the rivers have had none.
The fight for the improvement must not be
dropped at home because the bill appropriating
money for it has been virtually shelved for this ses
sion. Let us keep the iron hot until the time comes
to strike again. Congress can afford to delay, but we
cannot.
There are counterfeiters in Folsom prison, which
would seem to be a proper place for them. How
ever, it has been the rule for coiners of spurious
money to cease operations when they befn'n to wear
stripes.
Announcement that the talented Miss Beveridge
is to marry again leads to the hope that this time
she may select a man not already burdened with a
wife. Such complications lead to unpleasant re
marks.
Talk of an alliance with Japan is nonsense. The
United States has no reason to seek it, while several
reasons for not desiring it could be enumerated if the
doing of it were worth the trouble.
It would appear that Dr. Westphal could afford to
purchase all the horses .needed by the city and do
nate them to the public's'usc on condition that he be
allowed to board them.
Young Flannelly of San Jose need not be surprised
at having been found guilty of murder. The simple
fact that without excuse he had killed his father was
against him.
THE SAtf FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR.
A VOTE of $50,000,000 for national defense when
considered as an evidence of the willingness
of all parties in Congress to strengthen the
hands of President McKinley in his dealings with
Spain was a notable act and has been regarded by the
American people generally with a just pride. It was a
public manifestation of the patriotism of the nation
and an evidence of the unity which prevails among all
classes of citizens on issues which affect the honor
of the republic or its prestige in dealing with foreign
powers.
When the vote is considered, however, not as an
evidence of patriotic determination but as an ap
propriation for national defense in view of probable
war, it is by no means such an extraordinary outlay
as some seem to think it. Even in this very emer
gency it has been eclipsed by both Russia and Great
Britain, and ranks third and not first among the
steps that have been taken in these piping times of
peace and industrial revival to make ready for imme
diate battle and destruction.
Almost on the very day on which our Congress
with swift and willing votes appropriated $50,000,000
for national defense the Czar of Russia was preparing
a decree setting apart 90,000,000 rubles — something
like $65,000,000 — for the construction of warships and
the equipment of his navy. It required no vote of
his people to set aside this vast sum for such a pur
pose, but that does not affect the military significance
of the act. Russia has shown herself in her way as
prompt as the United States in getting ready for bat
tle and as willing to pay the cost of the preparation.
Larger and more costly than all are the prepara
tions which are being made by Great Britain. In
the House of Commons on Thursday Mr. Goschen,
in presenting the naval estimates for the year, pointed
out that the proposed expenditure taken in connec
tion with the outlay for naval works amounted to the
colossal sum of 25,550.000 pounds sterling, or about
$127,750,000. This sum surpasses the Russian appro
priation by nearly double and casts our fund for na
tional defense completely in the shade.
It is significant that in the Commons as in Con
gress the huge appropriation for war was greeted by
cheers from men of all parties. One Radical mem
ber moved to increase the amount, and his seems to
have been the only voice that criticized the estimate
at all. The war spirit is evidently popular. Germany
is the only country in the world where appropriations
for naval expansion have met with much opposi
tion, and even there the Emperor seems to have won
the people to his side by his bold policy in China.
This may not be a warlike year, but it is certainly a
boom time for the builders of fighting ships.
THE ALASKAN BOUNDARY.
7WI OST gratifying in every respect is the an
/ \ nouncement that Sir Julian Pauncefote, Brit
* * ish Embassador at Washington, has officially
informed the Canadian Government that a conven
tion has been agreed upon with the United States
whereby the long dispute over the Alaskan boundary
has been settled.
Owing to the importance given to the boundary by
the discovery of gold in the Yukon Valley and the re
sulting increase of trade and population along the
disputed line, any settlement of the controversy
would have been more or less beneficial to the people
of both countries, but the actual form of settlement
agreed upon is distinctly beneficial to the United
States inasmuch as it concedes al>out all that our
statesmen have claimed and leaves us in control of
the inlets and arms of the sea along the coast.
The origin of the dispute was the clause in the
treaty denning the limits of Alaska in that portion
which lies south of Mount St. Elias. This portion of
the boundary was declared to begin at the southern
most point of Prince Edward Island and proceed to
the continent, where it strike? the 56th degree of north
latitude, and thence along the summit of the moun
tains situated parallel to the coast as far as the point
of intersection of the 141 st degree of west longitude.
It was further provided, "Wherever the summit of
the mountains which extend in a direction parallel
to the coast from 56 degrees of north latitude to the
point of intersection of 141 degrees of west longitude
shall prove to be a distance of more than ten marine
leagues from the ocean the limit between the British
possessions and the line of coast which is to belong
to Russia shall be formed by a line parallel to the
widening of the coast and which shall never exceed
the distance of ten marine leagues therefrom."
Under this clause the British claimed that the boun
dary should run alonga line ten marine leagues distant
from the ocean shore of the islands along the coast,
or at least from the outer shore line of the continent,
running from headland to headland and not curving
inward with the indentations of the coast at the deep
arms of the sea which mark that portion of Alaskan
geography. This would have given Canada control
of the headwaters of several if not all of the inlets
and would have given her direct water communica
tion with her territory along the Upper Yukon.
By the agreement as announced the American
claim of a coast line running back ten marine leagues
from the indentations of the coast is conceded, except
where such a line would overpass the summit of the
mountains. Canada therefore gets control of the
summit of Chilkoot Pass and we maintain control of
all the ports along that portion of the country. It is
a distinct victory for our diplomacy, and will be a
great benefit to our trade. The Canadians will of
course protest, but it is not likely that the protest
will avail much. The issue seems to be settled against
Canada's claims, and if she desires to construct an all
Canadian line to the Klondike she will have to start
it from some point south of the 56th degree of north
latitude. The Alaskan panhandle and all its ports
are ours.
Local murders lately afford at least the consola
tion of showing that the community is rich in ma
terial which is distinctly improved by being killed.
♦
Fanny Davenport's offer of $100,000 for a play and
Hearst's offer of $50,000 for the discovery of the per
son who sunk the Maine ought to be paired.
Globe-Democrat.
Since November 1, 1893, the United States has coined
37.735,572 standard silver dollars. It Is worth while In
this connection to recall the fact that only 8.031.238 sil
ver dollars were coined In this country from the crea
tion of the mint in 1792 down to 1573.
Chicago Times-Herald.
A brass band has been organised in Wellington, Kas.,
to go to Cuba with the first regular troops from that
State. If the Spaniards hear about that there will be
no war.
St. Paul Pioneer-Press.
Talk about "Yankee" shrewdness. The English tex
tile manufacturers "adulterate" their cotton sheeting
with zinc, and their flannelettes with glycerine and cas
tor oil, to make them heavy. This is meaner than
wooden nutmegs, Trhich don"t hurt anything but the
feelings of the buyer.
COINING SILVER DOLLARS.
THE COUNTRY IS SAFE.
YANKEE TRICKS OUTDONE.
THE COUNTESS OF WARWICK
The Countess of Warwick has come out In a fresh role and has amazed London
with her new book, entitled "Progress in Women's Education in the British Empire."
The Countess will be remembered by those who are given to gossip rather than to
sociological study by the part she played as Lady Brooke in the famous baccarat
scandal of six or seven years ago, in which the Prince of Wales was involved.
The Countess was then, and perhaps still is, the most beautiful woman in all Eng
land. The nobility to which she belongs by all the rights of marriage did not and
doeß not now recognize her as one of its own. Her friends say that this is so because
of her striking beauty and her great cleverness as a writer. However that may be,
the Countess has written a book that has challenged the attention of the best and
the deepest thinkers in Great Britain, and has secured publishers none less promi
nent than the noted Longmans. In it she shows a wonderful knowledge of the ne
cessities of the requirements of women who wish to enlist in the professions or in
business life.
The Countess has a practical knowledge of the needs of women who have to earn
their own livings. She has worked and lived with the industrial classes, and no wo
man who earns her bread has an unsympathetic friend in the Countess. Lady War
wick has merely joined the many friends of labor that have appeared of late years in
the aristocracy of England.
THE GREAT PEACE MEASURE.
Expressions of California Newspapers on the Subject o1
the Big Appropriation for the Defense of
the National Honor.
PEACE WITH HONOR.
Los Angeles Herald.
If peace with honor is possible it will
be welcomed. Otherwise the credit which
a patriotic people will vote its Govern
ment will not be measured by the cash
available in the treasury, now four times
the sum named. Money-seekers though
we be, avaricious and aggrandizing as we
have been denominated, worshiping the
almighty dollar as perhaps we should
not. there is still not a people extant more
ready to sacrifice all for a great princi
ple, to yield more of human life and
treasure for a cause deemed just in the
sight of heaven.
OUR PEOPLE A UNIT.
Oroville Mercury.
It will open the eyes of the peo
ple of Spain to the fact that they
have to contend with a nation blessed
with unlimited wealth, against which
their own tottering and impover
ished Government cannot hope to cope
successfully. The unanimous indorse
ment of this measure by a Congress so
recently divided against itself on ques
tions of national policy is an object les
son in itself, and should teach the people
of Europe that where the national honor
is at stake the American people are as a
unit.
A PEACE MEASURE.
Stockton Independent.
Those who said the $50,000,000 bill was a
peace measure were correct. No sooner
was it presented in the House than Spain
began to take milder views of everything
American. The unanimity with which it
was passed by that body and sent to the
Senate must have a still more soothing
effect on Spanish nerves and temper. Now
that the Senate has passed it Spain may
be expected to offer to do anything in her
power to restore amicable relations with
the United States.
A "WARNING TO SPAIN.
Los Angeles Times.
Though having the appearance of a war
measure, this $50,0*30.000 appropriation is,
in fact, more a measure of peace than of
war. It Is a notice to Spain and to the
world that we are dr«adfully In earnest
in this matter. It seems hardly possible
that Spain will commit herself to the stu
pendous folly of engaging in a struggle
with the United States, in which she will
he predestined to abject failure and de
feat.
SPAIN MAY NOW PAUSE.
San Jose Herald.
It Is reported that the Spanish Govern
ment is more peaceably disposed in view
of the promptness and unanimity with
which this little bill went through, and
of the fact that the money is in the
treasury ready for use. Fifty millions Is ,
a good deal of money for Spain, but a
mere bagatelle for the United States.
With that knowledge borne in upon her
Spain may pause if her people will let
her - ♦
OUR RESOURCES LIMITLESS.
Redlands Facts.
The remarkable outcome of the vote
will probably awaken all Spain to the
fact, that. If she provokes a war, she
must light not a faction but the whole
people of this prosperous country, whose
resources are practically without limit.
Probably, too. she will in future be more
cautious about raising issues which might
lead to immediate action.
«
; EQUAL TO THE CRISIS.
Stockton Record.
it gives us renewed convictions of the
capability of popular Government to meet
the most threatening crisis. It sets a
higher mark for national honor, and
opens the individual heart to more gener
ous impulses. Whether the vote means
peace or means war, it makes national
kindred of us all.
WISE PRECAUTIONARY MEASURE.
Visa-.a -elta.
If war must come— and It la difficult to
[ see how It la to be avoided— this precau
tionary measure is the wisest that could
be adopted; an- if war does not result it
will be valuable as an object lesson to the
world and will give to people of other
countries a better opportunity to form a
correct estimate of American patriotism
than they have had for many years.
♦
NO PARTISANISM THERE.
Pasaaena Star.
We are a united people. Every member
of Congress cast partisanship to tae
winds and showed his confidence in the
administration by voting for the appro
priation of fifty milions for the defense
of this country against posible Spanish
warfare.
m
WILL SPEED A SETTLEMENT.
Santa Rosa Press-Democrat.
The decisive action of Congress will
bring the brutal oppressors of the Cubans
to a very solemn realization of the grav
ity of the situation, and it will not be
surprising if the terrible tangle is not
very speedily unraveled.
CONFIDENCE HAS RETURNED.
Fresno Republican.
"When every member of both houses in
Congress votes "aye" on a proposition to
intrust the expenditure of $50,000,000 to the
chief executive, it may be accepted as a
fact that confidence has returned.
»
JUST WHAT WAS WANTED.
San Diego Union.
The prompt passage of the national de
fense bill was only what was expected.
A display of the strength and patriotism
just at this time will not promote war,
even though It may not avert It.
MOST EFFECTIVE ARGUMENT.
Oakland Tribune.
Money talks. That $50,000,000 appropri
ation is the most effective argument made
so far in our controversy with Spain.
AMERICANS ALL, OF US.
Woodland Mall.
We may differ politically, but we are all
Americans when It comes to the test.
WHERE LIFE IS LONGEST.
More people over 100 years old are found
in mild climates than in the higher lati
tudes. According to the last census of
the German Empire, of a population of
56,000,000, only 7S have passed the hun
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
When Outfitting
for the Klondike bear in mind
that Royal Baking Powder is
an absolutely necessary sup-
ply. No other baking pow-
der will endure the severe
climate of the Arctic region.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK. _
dredth year. France, with a population
of 40,000,000, has 213 centenarians. In Eng
land there are 146. in Ireland 578. and
in Scotland 40. Sweden has 10. and Nor
way 23. Belgium 5, Denmark 2. Switzer
land none. Spain, with a population of
18,000.000, has 401 persons over 100 years
of age. Of the 2.250.000 inhabitants of Ser
via 575 persons have passed the century
mark. It is said that the oldest person
living whose age has been proven is
Bruno Cotrim, born in Africa, and now
living in Rio de Janeiro. He Is 158 years
old. A coachman in Moscow has lived
140 years.
A "MIXED" CORRESPONDENT.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call— Sir: I see from a letter signed by
Mr. Bryan, which was printed in tne
papers about his trip to Mexico, he says
the following:
The Federal (Mexican) Government
pays about $6,000,000 Interest annually on
gold obligations, and while it is com
pelled to collect over $12,000,000 in silver to
cover this interest account, It has no
trouble in doing so, because of the pros
perous condition of the nation's indus
tries."
Now, I have been a free silver man,
and can't understand this. I thought
where free silver was coined, like in Mex
ico, that a silver dollar was as good as a
gold dollar, and that all that was neces
sary to make silver and gold equal as
money was free coinage. How is it fiat
It takes more than two silver dollars
there to buy one gold dollar? hat is.
the reason? Mr. Bryan, 1 see, said in
his speech at Chicago when they mM
the platform that gold debts, of which
i.iere are several thousand millions or
dollars, will we have to pay two or mo a
silver dollars to get gold dollars when
coinage is free like in Mexico? Does gold
circulate as money in Mexico or any free
silver country. I read in a speech of Mr.
Bryan when he was in California that
the vital thing to free coinage was that
the debtor should have the option to pay
In either metal, and that if the creditor
could demand gold rather than silver,
then the metals were drawn apart, ana
free coinage com- only be maintained at
16 to 1, independent of other nations by
the debtor having the option. If gold
debts can't be paid in silver, how is the
debtor to have the option and how will
this work? I am getting . mixed about
this. Please explain tW^o^rt^
San Francisco, March 11, 1898.
MEN OF THE MAINE. j
Men of the Maine. O men of the Maine,
Flower of the people's life. ......
Valiant your death was. nor Buffered in vain:
You perished for peace, not strife.
Men of the Maine, O men of the Maine.
Sad though your fate beyond words.
Still your true souls mid the flre and the pain
Rose high with the winds and the birds.
Men of the Maine, O men of the, Maine,
Your forms in the deep water slept;
Yet the thought of your faithfulness nevef
shall wane.
And our memory's faith shall be Kept.
Men of the Maine. O men of the Maine.
You are part of the earth and the sky.
Grandly you've shown us poor fellows again
How bravely to live and to die.
And men of the Maine, O men of the Maine,
When our great guns shout aloud.
In peace or war, they will thunder again
To the world your loyalty proud.
Men of the Maine. O men of the Maine,
The sound of the eea'B deep roar.
As It rolls on the coast, In an endless refrain
Shall chant your fame evermore.
— Oeorge Parsons Lathrop, in New Yortt
Times.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GLADSTONE'S ADDRESS —M. 8.,
Stanford University, Cal. The address of
Hon W.E. Gladstone is Hawarden Cas
tle, ' Hawarden, County Flint. North
Wales. -
THOMAS EDISON— H.L., City. Thomas
A. Edison, the inventor, Is descended on
his father's side from the Dutch, his an-
I cestors having emigrated from Holland
to New York in 1730. His grandfather
was a banker in New York at the time
of the revolutionary war, and he lived
to the age of 102. His father was born in
Nova Scotia. His mother, who was Miss
Mary Elliott, was born in New England
of Scotch parents.
FOG— A. S., City. Fog is the aggrega
tion ' of-*'"!* vast number of glo^'ile* oC,
•water in the air near the earths surface
usually rroriuced by the cooling of the
air below the dew point, whereby the va
por is condensed. The cooling may be the
result of radiation,: condensation, mixture
with colder air or ascension. Over sur
faces of water warmer than the air the
fog produced, by cooling is brought about
by the continued evaporation of the water t
Into the already saturated air. Solid par- f-'
tides in the air constitute nuclei for con- *
densation and are thereby promoters for
the formation of fog.
HAIR BRUSHES— S. M. D.. City. To
clean a hair brush, wash the bristles for
a few seconds in a weak solution of
hartshorn, say a tablespoonful to a pint
of cold soft water. Then rinse In clean
I cold water and dry. Do not set the
I brush near the fire, nor in the sun, to
! dry; but after shaking it well, set it oa
the point of the handle out of the way,
in some shady place. By this process
the brush will be thoroughly cleaned with
very little trouble. Observe that the
mahogany or satin wood back of the
brush must be kept out of the solution,
as it is apt to discolor wood. Combs
may be cleaned in the same manner.
Extra fine cream caramels. Townsends.*
X : ■ ♦ « ■ — —
Peanut taffy best in world. Townsend'B.*
■—■ ♦ ■ —
Finest eyeglasses, specs; 15c. 33 Fourth.*
■ ♦ ■ —
A choice present, Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb, in fire-etched boxes. •
■ m ■
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
I Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
i gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Dr. Bredon, who has been ■ appointed
Deputy Inspector General of Chinese
Maritime Customs, was for some time In
the medical service of the English army.
Fob Relieving Throat Diseases, Coughs axd
Hoarseness, use •' Brown' t Bronchial Troches."
bold only In boxes. Avoid Imitations.
Kexp loosing young ana save your hair, Its color
and beauty with Parker's Hair Balaam.
I'arki:r's Ginoer Tone the best cough cure. •
'■ — ■ ♦ . '
• Dr. StEGERT'S ' ANGOSTORA BITTKRS iS in
dorsed by physicians , and chemists for purity.
Don't be defrauded by accepting a substitute.
•■ ♦ i
Queen Victoria has refused to lend to
Canada and the Australian Colonies for
exhibition her Jubilee jewel gifts.THEY RUSHED
EIGHT ROUNDS
TO A DRAW
Sharkey Fought Like a
Wild Steer When
Punched on the
Nose.
Pitched Choynski Through the
Ropes and Referee Green De
cided the Contest According
to London Prize Rules.
George Green distinguished himself
last evening at Woodward's Pavilion
by proving to the thousands of sporting
men who witnessed the Sharkey and
Choynski fight, that he either knows
not the first thing about the rules of
Queensberry or had entered the ring
■when called upon with the intention of
piving somebody the worst of a hard
game.
The National Club Is also entitled to
Pevere criticism for the outrageous
manner in which it treated the patrona
of the ring. Although the agreement
which the pugilists had signed did not
ptate that the club should appoint a
referee in case the lighters failed to
agree upon any one of the numerous
men who have heretofore been prom
inently connected with the game, it
Sharkey Crowding: Choynski Through the Ropes.
cannot be gainsaid that the club had
overlooked the fact that the people who
pay cash to witness flstic sport are at
least worthy of some consideration.
It was a duty that the club owed to
the sporting: public of this city to have
Insisted, when the articles were being
formulated, that a clause be inserted
reading thusly: In case the contest
ants shall fail to agree upon a referee
on the day prior to the contest the club
■will select a man whose decision shall
be final, or words of a similar kind.
If such a clause had appeared in the
agreement entered into by the club
and the pugilists, the thousands of good
natural sports who witnessed the Lon
don prize ring battle between a scien
tific fighter and an out-and-out slug
ger would not have been subjected to
the one and a half hours' suffering they
certainly endured while penned up in
a veritable sweat box.
To sum up the matter in a nutshell
the affair of last night was grossly mis
managed, and the Supervisors should
not grant another permit to the Na
tional or any other club unless there is
Borne assurance that proper provision
•will be made for the care of the patrons
of the rport.
A conservative estimate places the
attendance at the ringside at 6000 peo
ple. But two entrances were provided,
one for the main floor and the other for
the gallery. There was an overflow
crowd at the door of several thousand,
and spectators who had bought tickets
\\ere first obliged to edge their way
through this crowd toward the terrible
Jam at the door. The police made some
attempt to form a line, but it was of
little use, and strong men were buffeted
around and had their clothes torn from
them in the mad struggle to reach the
entrance. The exits are little better,
but two more than the entrances being
provided, and in case of fire or panic
a terrible loss of life would result.
The management is obtaining money
Under false pretenses to subject gentle
men to such indignities at the door,
coupled with the slight assurance that
the reserved seat they have paid for
inside will not be taKen by some j
usurper, and then to submit to a delay
of over an hour waiting for the two
pugilists to settle upon a referee, some
thing which should always be arranged
between the principals beforehand.
Sharkey certainly received the worst
of it in the decision and was given the
same treatment last night that he gave
to Fttzsimmons at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion over a year ago. In the way of
giving rank decisions Wyatt Earp has ;
certainly got a partner in iniquity in j
George Green, for to declare a twenty- j
round bout a draw in the eighth round J
because one of the contestants is j
knocked through the ropes has not a
parallel in ringside history.
Now for the fight.
After the customary preliminaries,
which proved on this occasion of more
interest to the spectators than the so
called event of the evening, Eddie
Graney entered the ring with Choynski
and his seconds. Choynski received a
well-merited reception from the people
who love to see clean sport. The husky
sailor followed soon after with his sec
onds, and was received with mingled
hoots and cheers. He smiled as he sat
in a chair on the southeast corner of
the ring.
Jordan then stepped to the center of
the ring and said: "Gentlemen, the
trouble now lies in the selection of a
referee."
Shouts for Jim McDonald, the base
ball umpire, Hiram Cook and Peter
Jackson came from all quarters, but it
was fully one hour and thirty minutes
before Sharkey agreed to accept George
Green, the pugilist, for referee. Graney
in behalf of Choynski did not object,
and the monotony of waiting in the
hot house was relieved.
The Fight by Rounds.
It was just twenty minutes to 11
when the lighters stripped for the en-
I counter, an hour and five minutes hav
ing been consumed in securing the
referee. Referee George Green stepped
to the center of the ring after the an
nouncer had declared that the men had
agreed not to hit in the clinches or the
breakaway.
ROUND I— Both men came to the center
quickly and commenced fiddling for an
i. opening. Sharkey led first, a left swing
for the jaw, which Joe ducked. Choynski
held his head down and forced Sharkey
around the rinp. The sailor made two
: ineffectual swings with his left, Joe Jump
! Ing away each time. Sharkey swung his
left again and missed, and tried a vicious
right, which Choynski skillfully ducked.
Sharkey rushed and a clinch resulted.
: Sharkey keeping away, but doing most
of the leading. Choynski lands a light
left on the neck. Sharkey missed a
straight left reach for the body, and Joe
tried the same blow without avail. The
round ended without damage.
ROUND 2— Sharkey came up stamping
his feet and rushed, cuffing Joe on the
j head, following It up with a hard left
I swing on the neck. Sharkey tries a
i straight left without landing, and Joe
blocks a succeeding left swing for the
head. Choynski lands a hard left upper
cut In the stomach. Sharkey lands low
in the stomach with his left and the
crowd yells ' r oul," and the referee
warns Sharkey. Sharkey misses a
straight left and swings his right with
! terrific force without landing. Sharkey
rushes in and swings right and left again
without landing. Choynski leads a
straight left and the sailor jumps away, i
ROUND 3— Choynski first to lead, with
j out landing. Sharkey leads low without
j landing, and makes a grimace as the
i crowd hisses. Sharkey lands a straight
left in the stomach and a clinch follows.
Choynski plants a hard left swing on the
neck. Both exchange body blows. Shar
' koy's left again cleaves the air without
i effect. Choynski makes a long reach with j
i his left and lands lightly on the body.
! Choynski pushes his left glove twice into
j Sharkey's mouth, and the round ended
! without favor. '
ROUND 4— Sharkey planted a hard
straight left on the chest and missed a
right swing, which Joe ducked. Choyn
ski cleverly ducked and clinched to avoid
a left swing. Sharkey lands a hard left
swing on the neck and right on the body.
Choynski knocks Sharkey's head back
with a straight left. Choynski trying i
mostly straight leads. Choynskl lands
another straight left and Sharkey rushes ;
him to the ropes and lands a hard left
swing on the neck, ending in a clinch. J
ROUND 5— Sharkey comes up crouch- i
ing. and after some fiddling lands a hard i
left swing on the jaw. Choynski rushes ,
and Sharkey meets him with a stiff jolt
on the head. Choynski seemingly groggy :
ami acting entirely on the defensive
Sharkey rushes and lands on the head ,
and body again. Sharkey rushes again
and Choynski ducks low and raises him
up in the air oft his feet in the clinch.
Chovnskl fights back. landing two j
straight lefts. Sharkey lands two hard
ones on the chest and an uppercut on the i
jaw and Choynski goes down on his |
knees and rolls over on his back. Pande
moniwn reigns in the house and almost
even- one is on his feet and yelling.
Cboynskf was up in nine seconds and
Sharkey rusheß him to the ropes in Joe a j
corner and knocks him down again.
Choynski down again nine seconds, and
is up only to go down the third time, un
able to withstand the sailor's fierce on- j
slaughts. The crowd greatly excited and ;
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
the seconds and sporting men yelling
like mad. Cries of "Foul" heard from
all parts of the house at the way
Sharkey is fighting and hitting Joe in the
clinches, but the referee paid no atten
tion except to raise his hand for the fight
to go on. Roth men swinging both hands
and fighting like bulldogs as the round
ends, and neither heard the bell and had
to be broken from a clinch by their sec
onds.
ROUND 6— This was another spectacu
lar ruund. Both men rush at each other,
swinging rights and lefts. Choynski the
cooler of the two and fighting hard.
Sharkey backing away. Choynski lands
two hard left swings and receives a stiff
right on the neck. Both men landing
hard in the clinches. Sharkey knocks
Choynski down with a right swing on the
head and Joe remains on the floor the
full nine seconds. Sharkey rushes Joe
to the ropes as he arises and hits him
fiercely when on the ropes and in
the clinches. Everybody standing and
yelling "Foul!" at the referee on account
of Sharkey's tactics. Both men very tired
but fighting hard as the gong sounds.
ROUND 7— They come up quickly and
Choynski lands a hard left on the jaw.
Sharkey rushes, swinging right and left,
and landing hard on the body. Both men
seemingly too weak to knock the other
out, but fighting as hard as they can.
Sharkey rushes Joe to the ropes, landing
left and right swings on the head and
body, Joe returning on the face. Both
men taking and giving a great deal of
punishment. Choynski lands a straight
left in the mouth and receives a hard
right swing on the neck. Sharkey rushes
his man to the ropes and punches him
hard in the resulting clinch, and again
the cry of foul Is raised all over the
house.
ROUND B— Sharkey came up rushing,
and was met with a straight left in the
ribs. Both exchanged left swings on the
head. Both jab their lefts into the face.
Sharkey lands hard left and right swings
on the jaw, and Choynski returns with a
hot one on the body. Choynski lands an
other hard one on the body and a light
left swing on the jaw. Sharkey rushes
Choynski across the ring to the ropes in
Sharkey's corner and Joe goes clear
through the ropes and falls to the floor
below, about four feet lower than the
ring, directly in front of Captain Lees.
The Chief of Police arose and raised his
finger, and the police commenced to
clamber into the ring. The referee yelled
"Draw," and Sharkey rushed over to him
and tried to expostulate, but was hustled
to his corner by the police. Choynski was
/ifted back through the ropes by friends
and walked to his corner unaided. The
house was in a terrible uproar all the
while.
The preliminary events to the even
ing's sport opened with a four-round
bout between Hugh Dougherty of Chi
cago and Joe Sullivan of this city.
Dougherty was awarded the fight in
the middle of the last round by Referee
Frank Allen, he having Sullivan com
pletely at his mercy.
Frank Babcock of Pennsylvania and
Grant Rogers of this city then came to
gether for four rounds. Babcock
knocked Rogers down twice in the sec
ond round. He forced the fighting in
the fourth, and had Rogers so nearly
out that the bout was stopped and
Babcock given the decision.
Next came Pat Lynch and Jack Hall,
both of this city, in a six-round con
test. Lynch was clearly the best man,
as was demonstrated early in the first
round, so the police stopped the bout,
and under the rules the referee had no
recourse but to declare it a draw.
Al Smith Made a Winning.
At 5:30 o'clock last evening Deputy
Sheriffs Appel and O'Connor, in behalf
of Attorneys F. H. Smithson and J. H.
Long, representing Al J. Smith, as
signee of Tom Ryan, who claims to
have $SSO due him from the National
Club, swooped down on the cigar store
of Michalitschke Bros. & Co. and took
away $750 out of the $1400 which had
been paid Into the store for admission
tickets to the Sharkey-Choynskl fight.
The plan had been well laid. It was a
well-known fact that about the time of
the move the money which had been
received would be counted and taken
to the pavilion. In accordance with
this Information the deputy sheriffs lo
cated, themselves in convenient places,
and as the sack of money appeared
above the counter the rush was made.
Pete O'Connor went up to Barney
Meyers, who was behind the counter,
and laid his hands on the. money in a
sheriff-like way. The bystanders were
of the opinion for a few moments that
a daring robbery was taking place, as
Meyers and O'Connor both tugged at
the sack and clinched with the loose
arm. Explanations were freely made,
but without avail, and it was not until
Sheriff Whelan arrived on the scene
that the facts of the move were made
known. The attorneys in the case had
the papers prepared the previous day
for the purpose of attaching the money.
The amount taken covered the amount
assigned to Smith by Ryan and the
costs of suit. It was at first decided
upon to attach the box office at Wood
ward's Pavilion last evening, but this
was abandoned when it was seen that
the amount in the cigar store covered
the demand.
Sharkey when seen after the fight
said:
"I have nothing to say. I was robbed.
I got the worst of it. I think I ought
to have got the decision as there wasn't
any rule that would permit Green to
j decide as he did. Choynski never
j phased me. Why, he couldn't have hurt
' me if I had my hands down for a week.
i I never felt there was a chance for him
to win at any time. He went through
the ropes this way: I hit him in the
\ shoulder with my left and then put my
I right on the point of his jaw. My
j timekeepers counted ten on him twice—
he was dead out. Well, I suppose the
only way to fight a fellow in this town
! is to have a netting around the ring
! so that in case I hit a man he won't fall
out of the ring. I want him to rebound
so I can hit him again.
"To show Choynski that I did not
want the best of it, I agreed to Green
as referee, even though I knew that
! Green had sparred with Choynski every
j day at the Ohmoic Club, and that
Choynski was in Green's corner when
he fought Ryan. I gave them Alec
Greggains as my choice, because he
was a square man, but they did not
■ want him. I am now willing to fight
either Maher or McCoy and will post
$10,000 to-morrow to show my willing
i ness. I will never fight in this town
| again. I have always tried to act right
I but have always got the worst of it. It
I I ever do, I will never go into the ring
with a California referee."
Choynski was seen after the fight and
' said:
"I never had such a rough fight in all
my life. For a few rounds everything
went along all right, but when 1 com
menced to Jab Sharkey on the nose he
commenced his old-time style of rough
fighting. Why, he fouled me at least
fifty times, hitting in clinches and try
ing to break my back against the posts
I fight according to Queensberry rules,
and if this fight of to-night is Queens
berry rules as I understand them then I
quit the ring for good. The only lniury
I received was when he pitched me out
of the ring by sheer force. That's all
I can say." -^»
"If Choynski had fought me in the
way he did Sharkey I would have
! licked him In two rounds. In our fight
! he kept away, but in to-night's go he
went right at Sharkey. I was sur
l prised that Greaney let him do that—
i he should have kept away. Sharkey
! fought foul all the way through. Had
j Choynski kept away he would have
; done better. At one time he had Shar
i key at a standstill. There is no one
j that I would rather go against than
i Sharkey, and as soon as my fight with
Jackson is over I am willing to go
against him, and I think I can lick
i him."
Froebel Association.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Golden Gate Froebel Association, held
yesterday afternoon at 221 Ninth street,
Mrs. George P. Rlpley delivered an inter
esting and profitable lecture on "Historic
Ornament."
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. ♦
ALARMED
OVER HIS
CONDITION
Captain of Detectives,
Bohen Seriously
111.
The Veteran Officer Suf
fering With Typhoid
Fever.
His Family Physician Has
Little Hope for His
Recovery.
CHIEF LEES IS WORRIED.
Speculation as to Who Will Suc
ceed Him in Case He
Dies.
Ben Bohen, the veteran head of the
detective department, Is seriously ill
with typhoid fever. His recovery, ac
cording to the attending physician, is
EENJAMIN BOHEN, CAPTAIN OF DETECT, V£S.
extremely doubtful. At police head
quarters, where he has a host of friends,
considerable alarm is felt over his con-
dition.
About ten days ago Bohen com
plained of a severe pain in his right
foot, which he attributed to rheuma
tism. As it gradually grew worse Chief
Lees advised him t</ go home, and re
main there until the pain had subsid
ed. Bohen took his advice, and as the
pain continued he sent for a physician.
An examination disclosed the addition
al fact that he was suffering from ty
phoid fever. For the last four days he
has been unconscious, and it required
the combined efforts of two o-f his men
to keep him in bed.
"Ben is a very sick man," remarked
Chief Lees last night, "and on account
of his age I fear for the worst. Since
the appointment as chief of detectives
he has worked night and day to pro
mote the interests of the department.
This, I believe, is to a certain extent,
the cause of his sickness."
After being appointed the head of the
detective department Captain Bohen
frequenty complained of the deadly
gases which arise from the basement
of the new City Hall.
"This place will surely do me up," he
remarked to a friend who was kitting
in his office a short time befor? he was
taken ill. "I already feel the effects of
the deadly vapors that impregnate the
corridors of the hall.
"It is only a short time, however."
he added, "when I shall be able to re
tire on a pension."
Notwithstanding that the veteran de
tective still lives there is already con
siderable speculation as to who will
succeed him. Detective John Seymour,
it is said, will be warmly supported by
Chief Lees for the position. It is, how
ever, known that Detective Joe Bee has
the friendship of the Police Commis
sioners and will in all probability get
Bohen's place in case the latter dies or
is retired on a pension. Bee has been
associated with Detective Harper for
a number of years, and is held in high
regard by his superior officers.
Dr. Cachot has removed from 207 Taylor to
10 Turk street. Telephone Mint 1436. •
Army Matters.
The following order was Issued yester
day from department headquarters: Sec
ond Lieutenant Rogers F. Gardner. Third
Artillery, Is relieved from duty at Alea
traz Island, and will proceed to the Pre
sidio for duty with his battery. Light
Battery C, Third Artillery, reporting
upon his arrival to the commanding ofll
cer of the post. Second Lieutenant Rob
ert S. Abernethy. Third Artillery, is re
lieved of duty at Alcatraz Island, and will
proceed to Angel Island for duty with his
battery. Battery L. Third Artillery, on
temporary duty at Fort Baker.
Captain William A. Kobhe. Third Ar
tillery, stationed at Fort Canby, Wash
ington, and First Lieutenant George K.
Sage, Fifth Artillery, on duty at Mount
Tamalpais Military Academy, San Ra»
fael, Cal.. have been directed to report to
Colonel Marcus P. Miller. Third Artillery,
president of the examining board at the
Presidio, for examination as to their fit
ness for promotion.
The Senate on Thursday last passed a
bill authorizing First Lieutenant John W.
Williams. Battery D. Third Artillery, sta
tioned at San Dieeo Barracks, to accept
the decoration of Chevalier of the Legion
of Honor from the President of the
French republic. Lieutenant Williams
has been on duty as military attache at
Berne, Switzerland, since July 27, 1897.
The fac-simile si& v/rtr^aT" ** Ott every wrapper
iignatnre of OSa^/JT^U^uk of CASTOBIA.
WESTPHAL
SAYS HE IS
INNOCENT
He Denies Having
"Worked" the Po
lice Department.
His Large Bills to Be In
vestigated by the
Grand Jury.
Recommended for the Office
by the Board of Su
pervisors.
DR. CREELY'S STATEMENT.
Claims That th« Veterinary Has
Imposed Upon the
City.
The story published in yesterday's
Call concerning Veterinary Surgeon
Westphal's monthly raid on the City-
Treasury created considerable comment
about the City Hall. Westphal indig
nantly denied that he was overtaxing
the city.
'"The story was given out by a man
whom I caught stealing oats," he re
marked, "and I am sorry now that I
did not have him arrested. As my sta
blemen know I am losing money
through taking care of the horses of
the department. While it is true that
my bills against the city aggregate $400
or $500 a month, yet anybody familiar
with the business knows that the
amount is not exorbitant.
"Several horses belonging to the Po
lice Department are stabled in box
stalls, and I charge less than $25 for
each animal. Any other livery stable
in this city would charge at least $27 50
for the same service. It is not true
that I have purchased horses for the
Police Department. My friend, Mr. De
lany of the Board of Supervisors has
that power, and as he knows .1 am a
good judge of horseflesh he frequently
consults me. It is true I regard. Cap
tain Wittman as my friend, and that
we have gone for a short trip down the
road. My appointment as a member of
the Police Department was made at
the recommendation of the Super
visors, as they realized the necessity
of having a veterinary surgeon to care
for the disabled horses of the depart
ment.
"While I receive only a paltry $100 for
my services, the veterinary surgeon of
the Fire Department receives $140. It
is seldom that a strange horse is taken
to my stable unless it is found by an
officer connected with the Southern or
Central stations."
Notwithstanding Westphal's denial,
the fact remains that he is rapidly
adding to his bank account at the ex
pense of the city, v-ne of the members
of the Grand Jury is on the trail of
Westphal, and he intends to have that
body investigate the bills which he has
presented to the city during the past
few months.
Dr. E. J. Creely, who is also a veter
inary surgeon, is authority for the
statement that Westphal, in order to
increase his bank roll, frequently de
tains" a hone belonging to the Police
Department, so that he might furnish
one of his own steeds at a certain
price. Westphal, he says, always has
several horses in his stable which he
rents to the city whenever one of Us
horses becomes sick.
The Wasp This Week.
The cartoon features of this week's
issue of the Wasp are strikingly original
and up to date. The colored center page
cartoon shows the apostle of Democracy
awakening from his slumbers and gazing
with open-eyed astonishment at the
shower of gold to be seen in the northern
heavens. "A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing"
is the caption of a telling cartoon on the
recent exposure of the doings of some of
the leaders of an alleged religious organi
zation. The turning down of some of the
local Democratic political aspirants by
Governor Budd is also elevexly cartooned
in this week's issue of the Wasp. The
"Plain Talk to Public Characters" is a
splendid bit of sarcasm and should be
read to be appreciated. The editorials,
as usual, are vigorous, well written and
worthy of careful perusal. In the "Social
Side Lights" are some interesting stories
and some charmingly told bits of gossip
about well known society personages. The
Wasp's financial review "is evidently writ
ten by a thoroughly posted individual,
and this column contains much valuable
information. The fake advertising spe
cialist and handwriting expert, besides
several other impostors. will not be pleased
with what is said about them in the
"X-ray" column of the Wasp, but women
who are in society and out of it, for that
matter, will be entertained by the "Old
Maid's Diary" and the society personali
ties. Prof. K. A. Luchessi takes another
fall, so to speak, out of the local musi
cians (so called), and the clever dramatic
criticisms and the book review appeal to
all who wish to be well informed in these
matters. Altogether this week's issue of
the Wasp is particularly bright.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
I. P. Ware, U. S. A., Is at the ' Cal
ifornia.
A. Albright of Fresno is staying at the
Grand.
M. Greenberg of San Luis Oblspo is at
the Grand.
Dr. L. P. Tooley of Willows is a guest
at the Grand.
John T. Clark of Boston is staying at
the California.
F. H. Holmes, U. S. N\, is registened at
the Occidental.
Dr. J. F. Crystal of Agnews is regis
tered at the Grand.
Charles Morris and wife of Holton,
Kas., are at the Lick.
John De Laittre and wife of Minneap
olis are at the Occidental.
C. W. Agers, a mining man of Sonora,
Is a guest at the Grand.
G. C. Wickwire, a capitalist of Pomona,
is a guest at the Occidental.
J. J. Conner, a wealthy resident of Sa
linas, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. Alfred Marcus and wife are regis
tered at the Palace from New York.
C. E. dishing is one of yesterday's ar
rivals at the Palace from New York.
F. J. Field has come up to the city from
Monterey and is staying at the Palace.
F. 11. Carlos is a traveler from Yoko
hama who is registered at the Occidental.
S. B. Chittenden of Brooklyn is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife and fam
ily.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Denny are reg
istered at the Palace from Lewiston,
Mass.
Professor W. H. Hudson of Stanford
University is at the California with Mrs.
Hudson.
John H. Shaw of Philadelphia is at the
Palace, as is Lieutenant A. M. Jensen,
T T . S. S. Oregon.
H. E. Huntingdon, of the Southern Pa
cific Company, arrived home last night
from the extended trip he has been mak
ing in the East. He was met on the
othor side of the bay by General Man
ager Kruttschnitt and his private secre
tary, who went across to Sixteenth street
station for that purpose. Mr. Hunting
ton had nothing to say for publication
other than his trip had been a very pleas
ant and satisfactory one, and he was
glad to get back again. As to the mat
ter of fenders, he had not seen all the
latest papers and was not in a position
to discuss the matter until he had got
down to business in his office.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PEEIODS OF PAIN.
~*
._ ,■ -.i .
Menstruation, the balance wheel of
woman's life, is also the bane of exist-
ence to many because it means a time of
great suffering. °~j I . ; f
"While no woman is entirely free from
periodical pain, it does not seem to have
medical sci-
ence. It relieves the condition that pro-
duces so much discomfort and robs men-
struation of its terrors. Here is proof:
Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — How can 1
thank you enough for what you have
done for me ? When I wrote to you I
was suffering" untold pain at time of
menstruation; was nervous, had head-
ache all the time, no appetite, that tired
feeling, and did not care for anything.
I have taken three bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, one
of Blood Purifier, two. boxes of Liver
Pills, and to-day lam a well person. I
would like to have those who suffer
know that I am one of the many who
have been cured of female complaints
by your wonderful medicine and advice.
— Miss Jennie R. Miles. Leon, Wis.
If you are suffering in this way, writ*
as Miss Miles did to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn, Mass., for the advice which, she
offers free of charge to all women.
; yvwwvwvwvwvvwvwwww*
jiflyjrEHillE
I 'zSoJKBr injection. I
li A PERMANENT CURE I
j i of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea <
i' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 £
I 1 , days ; no other treatment required. • J >
'( Sold by all druggists. . - ,> ;
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1597-9 S. Beginning : MONDAY,
March 7, to March 19, • Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR " MORE RACES EACH DAY.
-——RACES START AT 2:15 P. M SHARP.-
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at. the entrance
to track. . - Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. Returning— leave the track ■at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and Immediately after the
last race. S THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
THE FINEST COLLECTION OF
***:"WII_iD -A.NT:M.A.I_iS:***
. Ever Shown in This Country Are at the
...ZOO;..
IN THE CHUTES.
THE ELEPHANT. "JOLLY," LIKES CHIL-
DREN!
ALSO CHIQUITA AND A BIG SHOW.
Feeding of the Carnlvora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m. •
10c to All, Including: Zoo, etc.: Children.' sc.
INGLFSIDE COURSING PARK.
CLASSIC STAKE !
NEW DOGS OLD DOGS-CBACK DOGS!
Big Money !— Big Money!
Saturday 1 P. M. ' Sunday 1 1 : A. M.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
should havt fhm place of
honor on your dining-room
table, being a and most
delicious beverage, an appe-
tizer par excellence sad a
sure health sustained Is
perfect as a Malt Extract and
strictly a Non-latoxkcat.
All Druggist*.
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
416-418 Sacramento St.
AMUSEMENTS.
IRI£OLANOEB OOTTlCß aCu&uiianuuu*
Beg. To-Morrow (SUNDAY) Evg., : March 13,
The Great Farce-
LOOK ! Comedy Success,
cut ' TOWN
PRICES * ** * y n -
15, TOPICS!
££' . Presented by WORLD. KELLER
50 CIS. ( an d MACK and their Bijr Farca
NO i I Comedy Co.
HIGHER i PRICES CUT IN HALF.
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY-TO-NIGHT— TWO
TIMES. The Famous Original,
«^ti> BOSTONI ANS .
"ROBIN HOOD!"
. — EXTR A— MONDAY—
"MYSTERIOUS MR. BUGLE."
A legitimate farce In three acts. JOSEPH
HOLLAND and an efficient cast.
SEATS NOW READY.
RIEOIANWR GOTTIOB&C'UMCI* •«*•»»«»
MATIN TO-DAY.
To-nlght. Sunday and,: all Next Week.
PRIMROSE & WEST BIG MINSTRELS !
GEORGE H. PRIMROSK. GEORGE WILSON,
E. M HALL AND FORTY OTHERS.
COMING— "I 492."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MRS. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor 4; Manager
— -THIS EVENING
SONG! DANCE! FUN!
The Brilliant Japanese Musical Comsdy,
"THE GEISHA!"
A Story of a Teahouse.
The Prettiest Production of the Year.
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND 50 CENTS.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders for seats ■will be received here-
after^ . ■, ' ■ "■■'■-" ;':
Matinee To-day, Saturday, March 12.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
Jose Quintet, greatest vaudeville singing act;
Josephine Sabel, vivacious chanteuse, and th«
Human Music Sheet— nfty colored vocalists;
Rudinoff, fantastic delineator; Webb & Hassan,
hand acrobats; Smith & Cook, dancing come-
dians; Smart Si. Williams, colored comedians;
Whitney Brothers, musical artists; The Doners,
eccentric sketch team; Una Fantzei-, danseusa
fil defer. '.
ALCAZAR. BM!fK8 M !fK
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
I TO-NIGHT. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
THEN FAREWELL TO N. C. GOODWIN'S
Charming Comedy,
"A GILDED FOOL!"
MONDAY NIGHT, a Political Satire— "THE
DISTRICT ATTORNEY."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUS E
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager ;
First Production of H. Grattan Donnelly's New
Melodrama,
"THE WOMAN IN BLACK!"
The Most Exciting Comedy Sensation of the
- -.v-iy .. Day.
Illustrating the power of hypnotism and the
exciting incidents of a hot political campaign.
Evening prices, 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. . . ■ . ■
Y. M. C. A._AUDITORIUM.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30.
iniK,ST "VIOT-iIN"
RECITAL,
MARTEAU!
Accompanied by "
LAGHAUME,
FIA.3SrT.ST.
Reserved Seats, $1 50. at the San Francisco
Music Store, 225 Sutter st. Admission $1.
/^^ k SIX FREE LECTURES
ffKfirKwl On Spirit, Soul Phrenology and Health,
VX3s^^£ %at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on "
■^ .''■')'-'■ Fifth st., near Market, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the late Prof. 0. 8. Fowler, the Cele-
b rated Phrenologist of New York.
Monday, March 14, 8 p. m.— "Spirit, Soul and
Phrenology." ■ .._.  .
Tuesday, March 15. 2:30 p. m.— "The Mys-
teries of Women." ladies only. -
Wednesday, March 16, 2:30 p. m.— "Afflictions
of Women," ladies only.
Friday, March 18, 8 p. m.— "Manhood; Its
Virtues and Fault*" gentlemen only.
Saturday, March 19, 8 p. m.— "Electricity;
Its Application to Disease."
Classes taught the application of electricity
to cure disease, ' beginning March 22. Phre-
nological examinations daily from 9 a. m. till
9 p. m. until March 31, at the California Hotel,
on Bush St., near Kearny. -..--. ; ...
GRAND PRIZE
MASQUERADE BALL
—OF THE—
VEREIN EINTRACHT,
Mechanics' Pavilion,
SATURDAY - - - MARCH 12, #893
ADMISSION, $1. :
Grand March Represents the California and
Klondike Gold Mines.
■ The Opening ■ Performance, ■ Consisting '. of -
Building i Pyramids by Acrobats, and Ballet
Girls' • Fancy March, with Flags Swinging. ;
Reserved Seats 60c extra at WILLIAM
SCHEPPLER'S, 1071 Market st.
OLYMPIA- Corner of, Mr son tni
ULiYXVIFIA-rr i. ;■„■ Eddy Street* ..;"
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est ■ free bill •in •- the world. ; DRAWEE, world
famous Juggler: MULLIN & WARD, novelty
boxing: STARKEY- & RATKBUN: SIMON-
SEN, INEZ, ARNELDO, ; ANTONETTE. ■■: and
ten others. House Heated. Admission. Fre* >
78
FAMOUS CYCLER
RETURNS
FROM AUSTRALIA.
William Martin, a famous American
long-distance rider, who has earned the
name of "Plugger" on account of his
gritty, hanging-on qualities, arrived here
Wednesday on the Moana from Australia
via Honolulu, at which latter point he
stopped off for a month, racing on the
Cyclomere track there.
In many ways Martin is a remarkable
rider. He belorfgs to the old school of
long-distance champions, along with
Morgan, Howell. Knapp, Ashinger and
others. As far back as ten years ago he
was racing in six-day contests on the
high wheel, and won a big event of this
kind in New York. With the advent of
the safety he adopted that style of wheel,
and later took to racing shorter distances,
from five to twenty-five miles "being his
favorites. He traveled in Europe and won
his way against some of the best men
over there, and two years ago saw him
landed In our Antipodes, one lone Ameri
can against scores of native Australians,
Englishmen and riders of every other na
tion on earth almost.
It did not take the "Plugger" long to
get accustomed to the grass tracks there
and to their style of riding, and after he
had won two or three of their principal
championships and had annexed several
$760 purses they were 'forced to the con
clusion that the quiet American was "not
bo worse" after all. Further, Martin has
a style of fighting out his finishes to the
very tape that won for him merited en
comiums, and he soon became very pop
ular with the audiences and a big draw
ing card. He stayed there two years,
consequently, and returns considerably
enriched in purse and thinks be is as last
as ever.
On the way up he stopped off at Hono
lulu. He had had but little training, but
the track management there offered him
liberal inducements to ride and he took
the chance. The steamer got in Thurs
day and Martin rode Saturday, two days
later, winning one race from the San
Franciscans now there, Harry Terriil
and Allan Jones, and finishing second in
the other. Altogether he started five !
times, and won two firsts, two seconds ;
and one third, a pretty good showing for
a man out of training.
Martin would like to make a match race
with any professional on the Pacific
Coast, riding under L,. A. W. rules, for ;
$500 a side and whatever purse any track
will offer, distance to be from two to five
miles, unpaced, starting from opposite
sides of the track. He is ready to post i
a forfeit with the cycling editor of The !
Call to bind such a match, and would j
particularly like to take on "Bob" Ter- |
rill or Otto Ziegler Jr. if he cannot make
a match here he will go to Denver next
Tuesday night and try to arrange a
match with Haehenberger. Any one de
siring: to take up Martin's defi can com
municate with the writer.
Martin says all the racing men in Aus- j
tralia ride American made wheels, and j
that they are considered the superiors of
any make in the world, being lighter,
stronger and better made. He says he
has seen as many as thirty thousand peo
ple at a race meeting in Melbourne, and
that with such an immense "gate" it is i
easy for the promoters to give the big
purses they are noted for hanging up.
The prospects of an indoor tournament
at the Mechanics' Pavilion this spring are j
about given up by those in the know.
Powers and Brady, representing the |
American Cycle Racing Association,
talked about bringing out Michael and
other attractions, but hearing of the an- |
tagonism against Dave Shafer, the mid
get's crooked manager, decided not to
make the venture. None of the local
promoters care to take up the matter on
account of the apathy of the local deal
ers toward a tournament or show.
B. W. Bernhard of the Olympic Club I
Wheelmen, familiarly known as "Sprock- I
et." one of the best road riders and hill
climbers In the club, will leave for the
Klondike on the next trip of the Hum
boldt, accompanied by his brother.
Sol Peiser, one of the organizers of the
Outing and San Francisco Road clubs, j
now of Chico, has been in the city for '
the past week on a visit. Mr. Peiser has .
become a leader in Chico's cycling affairs, ,
as he was when residing In this city. .•::. ■
C. M. ("Bunt") Smith of the Garden
City Wheelmen, San Jose, and J. E. Wing
of the Olympic Club Wheelmen of this
city have been matched for a ten-mile ;
paced race at the Elmhurst track on ;
April 3. Each man will furnish his own
pacers, limited to fifteen men. This is
one of the best matches ever arranged !
out here, and should attract a big crowd. j
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a j
run to South San Francisco to-morrow
under Captain Larkin, leaving the club
house at 9 a. m. By Bpecial permission !
the members will be permitted to go |
through the slaughter and packing- j
houses of the Western Meat Company.
On March 20 the Bay Citys will hold a i
five-mile handicap road race at San Le- |
andro. The club members are looking
forward with considerable joy to the an
nual Blithedale run in April.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will pro
mote a five-mile road race at San Lean
dro to-morrow. It will be a sealed handi
cap: that is, each man will start two min
utes apart from the others and ride the :
distance to the best of his ability un- j
paced. without knowledge of his handi
cap, which will be kept a secret by the
captain. The result should be interesting.
The games of the Cycle Baseball
League to-morrow will be as follows:
San Francisco Road Club vs. Reliance
Club Wheelmen; Olympic Cyclers vs.
Turn Verein Cyclers; California Cycling
Club vs. Bay City Wheelmen.
The long-delayed road book of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs will go ■
to the printer the first of next week, and
should be in the hands of the members
within a fortnight.
The attraction at the Elmhurst track
to-morrow will be a pursuit team race ;
by riders from the Acme and Reliance i
clubs of Oakland. The Acme men will
be: Gallndo. Burke, Schleuter, I>efevre
Bolte. Reliance: Deacon, Rosenheim.
Bacon. Wyman and Gooch. A trophy is :
offered by the management, to be won !
twice before a club gets possessory title,
' so the event may take two or three Sun- ;
days to decide. The distance will be five -
miles. H. W. SPALDIXG.
OARS TO BE LAID .
ASIDE FOR BASEBALL
Training for future club regattas is
diligently going on at the various boat
houses. During the past month it has
been extremely difficult for a latecomer
to find a boat owing to the great interest
that has been manifested in rowing this
season. Baseball has been taken up by
the clubs as a means of keeping the boys
together during the off season.
To-morrow at Recreation Park. Eighth
and Harrison streets, will be decided the
final game of the baseball series played
by nines from the various boat clubs of
the State. The teams contesting for the
championship are the Ariels and South
Ends. As neither team has suffered a
defeat a hot game is looked for.
In anticipation of a hard struggle both •
clubs have entered their very best men.
In Fritz and Nealon the South Ends have j
an excellent battery. Fritz In times past )
was a clever twirler, and in preparation ■
for the contest has been pitching every I
day and is now in superb form. Nealon
has always enjoyed the reputation of liv
ing a good backstop and will be a strong
support to his team.
The Ariels have "Teddy" Ford for their
catcher. He caught for the San Fran- I
Cisco Athletic Club and for Olympics last j
eeason and did remarkably good work.
O'Connell, their twirler, has received nu- !
merous offers from managers of our lend- !
Ing teams, bilt has proven -proof against !
their generous promises.
That the game will not narrow down
to a pitchers' battle can be seen by the I
names below. Many old-time players op- •
pose each other and some are heavy hit
ters. .
Many hundreds of tickets have been
disposed of and a large crowd and lots
of noise will be there. The game will
ftart promptly at 2 p. m. Following is
the line-up:
Ariels. Positions. South Ends.
D. O'Connell Pitcher Fritz
Ford Catcher Nealon
J. O'Connell ....First Base ODea
Sheehan Second Base Tiernan
Wilson Third Base Grennan
Coveny Shortstop Dougherty
Ellis..". Left Field Mangan
Carroll Center Field Whelan
L. Keppler Right Field Skelly
The Dolphins will picnic at Mirabel
' Park on Sunday, April 17. i
THE FIELD OF SPORT
KILLING TROUT
BEFORE
SEASON OPENS.
Every angler is well aware of the fact
that It will not be in order to catch trout
above tide waters until April 1.
The coast streams are very- low and
clear this season, because of the light
rains in January and February. Conse
quently poachers find little difficulty In
spearing the few large fishes which took
advantage of the recent freshet to reach
favorite spawning beds.
The Call hus frequently stated that a
little protection at this season of the year
is of more value than all the stocking
(such as it is> the coast streams have re
ceived in past years.
From now until the opening of the ang
ling season much good service can be
rendered by Deputy Fish Commissioners
if they were ordered to patrol such
streams as are being depleted of their
lishes by those who have no respect for
game or fish laws.
The Paper Mill, Sonoma, Calaveras,
San Gregorio, Purissima and Pescailero
creeks arc being fished out by poachers
who use spears, cartridges and nets, not
to mention the numbers of small fishes
that are taken by means of hook and line.
Messrs. Vogelsang and Gould of the
Fish Commission are unquestionably of
the opinion that the streams should be
protected, but the force of deputies at
their command is exceedingly small, con
sequently they find the task of protec
tion to all streams most difficult under
the present condition of affairs political.
But they say that whenever they learn
of any infringement of the law a deputy
is ordered to the place where game or
lish is being unlawfully killed. Sports
men and anglers who take an interest in
game protection should, therefore, lend
their assistance and send word to the
Fish Commissioners whenever their as
sistance- Is required. A few lines from
the country will receive prompt attention
ami an immediate reply.
The following letter to The Call is
self-explanatory:
SAN FRANCISCO. March 9, WS.
Sporting; Kditor of The Call: Last Saturday
afternoon, on my return tramp from Liberty?,
which is the headwaters of the Lagrumtas
Creek, I saw two men wading In the Lagunitas
('reek about one mile above its confluence
with Paper Mill Creek. They had spears and
were looking for salmon in the deep pools. I
did not see them spear any fish, but I dare say
that they did not overlook an opportunity to
kill wnem-ver a chance offered. In chatting
with some of the people who live at Camp
Taylor, I was informed that several trout have
been caught In the Paper Mill during the past
month. As The Call is the champion of the
angler In exposing the nefarious dnlnes of
some men who take pleasure In destroying the
goose that lays the golden egg by fishing out
of season, 1 thought I would take this oppor
tunity of proving to brother anglers how our
streams are protected by our State Fish Com
missioners. It Is certainly about time that
somo arrests are made and an example set for
those who laugh at our laws and the way they
are carried out by the proper authorities.
Yours very truly,
HENRY B. WOODWARD.
Anglers will be pleased to learn that
John ppnn, the famous dresser of trout
flies, has not left this city to reside in
Humboldt County. Benn is Industriously
nt work tying favorite flies at his old
place on Montgomery street, where he
will be pleased to see at any time his
old friends of the angle.
James Watt, who is more familiarly
known to anglers as "The Doc," visited
Point Reyes last Sunday and met with
good success, having hooked and landed
two nice fish, one ten pounds and the
other two and a half pounds. Messrs.
Gallagher and Cross had also fair suc
cess. There are large numbers of small
trout In the stream which can be taken
by means of fly casting.
GAME YESTERDAY
ON TENNIS COURTS
The subject which is exciting the inter
est of local racket wielders is the invita
tion tournament at Penryn, Placer Coun
ty, on March 19. There is a large English
colony at Penryn and In the surrounding
t'/\vnt=. From time to time tennis tourna
ments have been held in Penryn, which
proved great successes, both social and
sporting. It is intended that this tourna
ment shall eclipse all others. Both sin
gles and doubles will be played. By Invi
tation, Walter Magee, Bradshaw, Rob
and Whitney will play exhibition
doubles as an introduction to the tourna
ment proper. The Whitney brothers will
not bo paired this time, but will play on
apposite sides of the court. Walter Ma
gce and George Whitney will be one team
and Bradshaw and Robert Whitney the
other.
It has been a brisk week at the Cali
fornia Tennis Club, especially for the
lady players, wn Tuesday and Wednes
day the ladies' single tournament attract
ed quite a few spectators. While the
order of the game was not in any way
characterized Dy phenomenal excellence,
the matches were close enough to be in
teresting.
The tirst match of the tournament was
won by Mlas Densun, who took the breath
away from her vis-a-vis, Miss Farnsworth,
who' strove to return the terrific smashes
anddrivesof the former. Miss Denson won
in two sets: 6— 2. 6—l. Then Miss Hep
burn received a similar treatment from
the hands of Miss Bowman, who won out
G—o,G — 0, 6—l.6 — 1. The most closely contested of
all the matches was that between Miss
Poorman and Miss Hudson. Each look
a ss t, 6^—3. Aver a rest, the battle ior
superiority began. Game by game the
score advanced, until it was deuce all.
Then Miss Poorman, by a burst of speed,
succeeded in placing two games to her
credit, and wiin them the match, xhree
sets were also necessary to settle the
difficulties between Miss Hunter and Miss
Clark. The former took the laurels with
a score: 6—3, 3—6, 6—4.6 — 4. Miss Hoffman dis
posed of Miss Bowman in surprisingly
easy fashion: G— 3. 6—2. That left Miss
Hunter and Miss Bowman to rlay off, the
winner to meet Miss Hoffman.
The semi-finals and the finals in the
ladies* tournament, begun early in the
week on the California Tennis Club
courts, were finished yesterday afternoon.
Miss Hoffman met Miss Hunter and lit
erally annihilated her. In the first set,
Miss Hunt or whs unable to secure a game.
Mi.ss Hoffman, assured of victory, took
things easy, winning the game by skinful
placing and accurate strokes. In the
second game, Miss Hunter started out
well, but the unerring precision of her
opponent was too strong a force to com
bat, and she succumbed gracefully. Score:
6—o. 6—2.
Miss Denson had somewhat of the same
task in her match with Miss Poorman.
No more than two sets were needed to
settle this match. Miss Poorman got two
games in each set. Score: 6—2,6 — 2, 6—2.6 — 2.
Then came the finals. There was quite
a little knot of spectators when this
match was played, and both contestants.
Miss Hoffman and Miss Densor., received
applause whenever it was due. Ine hrst
game was the closest, and for the first
time in the tournament Miss Hoffman
had to exert herself. She won the set by
six games to her opponent's four. The
second game was won in easier style with
a score of 6—2. With it Miss Hoffman
won the match, tournament and prize and
the championship of the club in singles,
the title to which she will hold until de
feated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
TRAP SHOOTING
IS NOW
QUITE A FAD.
The Empire Gun Club will meet to- j
morrow at its shooting station. Alameda ,
Point, and after the smashing of blue- |
rocks is finished, the men who are to
meet the Garden City Cyclers team will j
be selected. Doubtles the scores will be j
large, as each member of the club will j
try his utmost to be included in the team
that will face the traps at San Jose on
Sunday, the 20th inst.
The Olympic Gun Club will hold its
first live bird shoot of the season to
morrow at Ingleside. Shooting will com
mence at 10 a. m. sharp. Mission street i
cars will take visitors to the grounds.
The twenty-sixth annual meeting of the !
California Wing Club was held recently
in the office of Dr. S. E. Knowles and
the following members were elected to
office for the ensuing year: Dr. S. E.
Knowles, president; A. Roos, vlce-presi-
Riding to Lose— One Way of Pulling a Horse.
dent; C. A. Haight, secretary and treas
urer; directors, L. D. Owens, I. R.
D. Grubb and H. C. Wagner. The first
live bird shoot of the season will be held
on Sunday, the 20th inst. at the Olympic
Gun Club grounds at Ingleside. All sub
sequent trap shooting contests of the sea
son will be held on the first Sunday of
each month.
The sportsmen of Woodland and vicin
ity are strongly impressed with the idea
that their champion wing shot, Henry
Stelling. can give Otto Feudner a close
race should they meet a second time, and
this is what the Woodland Democrat says
concerning a second race between the
respective champions of the traps:
"Henry Stelling and his friends are un
able to account for his fall-down on
Washington's birthday. Hie score made
in the match with Otto Feudner is so
poor that he Is not convinced that Mr.
Feudner can beat him. He is seriously
considering the advisability of challeng
ing Mr. Feudner for another match, and
it is said there is considerable Duvisville
money ready to back him."
Be this as It may, Mr. Feudner when
approached on the subject expressed his
readiness to give Mr. Stelling a return
mat>h. He states that he is perfectly
willing to shoot for any amount from $f>i)o
to $10o0; but if the match is to be for
only $100, he insists on naming tue
ground, and rightly, too; he claims busi
ness duties are of more importance than
a two or three days' trip from town for
a comparatively small stake in the event
of his winning, to say nothing of his ex-
The South End Gun Club will journey
to Colusa on Sunday, where its opening
shoot of the season will be held.
Al Cumming is preparing for a big
goose shooting trip to Modesto in the
near future. It is said that wild goose
shooting is a popular pastime on Main
Prairie.
Wild pigeons are very plentiful in the
Santa Cluz mountains, and several large
bags have been made recently by the
sportsmen of San Jose.
It Is about time that the game warden
of this city and county should make his
presence felt in the community. The sea
son for game shooting ended on the last
day of February, but wild ducks and quail
can be seen on the bills of fare of the
leading restaurants of this city. Doubt
less the warden does not neglect to draw
down his salary at the end of each
month.
The following communication from
Stockton concerning the proposed San
Joaquin Valley Inanimate Target Asso
ciation, and the resignation of the Stock
ton Gun Club from the California Asso
ciation, is self explanatory:
STOCKTON. March B.— The members of the
Stockton Gun Club say that their resignation
from membership In the California State Inani
mate Target Association Is final. The leading
members deny that there was any friction or
that any of the rules of the association discrim
inated against the local organization. None
of the members seemed to be Inclined to go
Into training for the State shoot next March,
and while the club has a number of members
who could hold good scores in the professional
class, for sotne reason no Interest was mani
fested outside of local rivalry. The matter
then resolved itself into a financial proposition
and at a meeting held two weeks ago Secretary
Musto was instructed to forward the club's
resignation. The leading members say that an
injustice was done them and the other club
men in the report that the local men were shut
out and made unable to compete under the
rules.
They aver, however, that everything in the
association is most cordial and that no other
reasons exist than the one named. They
have no Intention of forming a new associa
tion of seeking in any way to embarrass the
C. I. T. A. This club won the first State
trophy, but many of the old-timers are not
as handy at the traps as a few years ago.
BANKS.
NEWS OF KENNEL
AND KENNEL MEN
Full advices have now arrived as to the
action taken by the American Kennel
at their annual meeting. Besides
the changes in the classification, a radical
transformation has been operated in the
constitution of the Pacific Advisory
Board. Hitherto that body has been
formed of delegates elected by the bench
show and specialty clubs of the coast.
Henceforward these clubs will each send
a delegate to a convention to be held on
the second Tuesday in February, and
this convention will elect the Pacific Ad
visory Board, the number of whose mem
bers is limited to seven. The bench show
clubs are entitled to four members and
the specialty clubs to three. The powers
and duties of the board have undergone
but little change.
The meeting of the St. Bernard Club
was held on Monday last. It was decided
to offer for competition at San Jose a
gold medal each for the best Pt. Bernard
dog and bitch. The "holy breed" will
probably be well represented at that
show.
The premium list has been issued and
is very attractive. The show Is held un
der the rules Just formulated by the
American Kennel Club, and while no
money prizes are offered, the list of spe
cials is a very long one. Among the med
als and cups offered are the g 'Id and sil
ver medals of the Pacific Mastiff Club for
best mastiffs, Oakside kennel medal for
best cocker, De B. Lopez medal (or best
greyhound, besides innumerable others.
" The March meeting of the Pacific Mas
tiff Club was held on Thursday evening
last, and there was a hot time in the old
club that night. Speeches were made de
nouncing the American Kennel Club and
the absence of the dub's delegate from
the annual meeting was severely com
mented on. The following preamble and
resolution were adopted:
Whereas. The American Kennel Club has
studiously ignored the wiwtop of the racifli:
Coast clubs and has thwarted the efforts of the
latter to further the holding of bench shows
on the coast; therefore be It
Revived, That the Pacific Mastiff Club views
with the utmost disfavor the action of the
American Kennel Club in regard to the rules
on classification, and that the Pacific Mastiff
Club stands ready and anxious to join in a
movement to establish an independent league
uf Pacific Coast clut.s.
To judge from the expressed intentions
of the members of the dub, the array of
mastiffs at San Jos. will l>e truly formid
able. C. A. Spreckels, the vice-president,
will exhibit a noble specimen named
Jack, of Cupertino stock; William It. A.
Johnson will show a line youngster. Beau
Mont ex; J. P. Norman's famous Lola w II
ligure in tho ring, as also Mr. Geary's
Juno. Besides these, Chino Don. the
property of the secretary, and several
others will compete for honors.
Dr. D* Evelyn, in his hours of relaxa
tion from scientific investigation, has a
warm corner in his heart for hia canine
friends. It is likely that he will take one
of the three mastiffs soon to be brought
over by F. C. Beasley. The doctor is also
importing a fox terrier to succeed Dud
ley Stroder, so unfortunately poisoned in
his bath. A word to the wise, doctor,
"Keep an eye on Sam."
"On dit" that the Verona kennels will
not have such undisputed sway in the
collie world as that genial sportsman
John E. de Ruyter fondly imagines. Two
of the finest collies ever bred in Scotland
are now on their way here and Heather
Mint and Old Hall Admiral may meot
their Waterloo when they enter the ring
with these later importations.
Old Hall Admiral and Heather Mint
have swept all before them at St. Paul.
The following is the record of each at
that show: First Junior, first free-for
all, and first winners.
Henry Betten of Alameda has lost his
fine young setter dog by Valiente out of
Peach Mark by distemper.
Hemorrhage caused the death on Mon
day last of the mastiff bitch Queen, be
longing to F. W. Dinsmore of San Jose.
THE COMING OF
HANDBALL CHAMPIONS
James Dunne, one of the greatest hand
ball players of America, is expected to ar
rive to-day from Los Angeles, and doubt
less he will put in an appearance to-mor
row at Ryan's handball court. Casey
arrived last night, and when the two
big guns put in an appearance then
the old game of handball will boom. The
local players who may meet these won
ders in matches are Bonnet, Kllgallon,
Riordan, Llnehan, Moloney. Hampton,
White, Toy, Collins and Murphy. From
among these last named players selec
tions can be made of "smashers" who
will make the game decidedly interesting
for the invaders. While the local men do
not expect to beat the champions, they
hope at least to keep them very busy.
The following games will be played at
Ryan's court to-morrow: P. Hutehing
son and W. Kelly vs. M. Dillon and G.
Hutchingson; L. Waterman and J. R.
Bockman vs. D. J. Sheehan and N. J.
Prendergast; J. White and E. Toy vs. R.
Murphy and J. Collins; D. Rodgers and
W. Manion vs. G. McDonald and M. Mc-
Neil; R. Housman and E. Barry vs. P.
Ryan and M. Basch; M. J. Kilgallon and
J. Lawless vs. J. Riordan and E. Ma
loney; J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan vs.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton.
Every language contains such names as
cuckoo, pewit, whippoorwlll and others,
in which the sound emitted by the animal
Is imitated as the name.
FIELD BOOKS
LOSING
IN POPULARITY.
It begins to look as though the field
book has had its day. At least it is losing
caste in the Southern States. Eddie Aus
tin, the bookmaker who has secured the
betting privilege at the Newport (Ky.)
track, does not look with favor on it.
There are two strong arguments that can
be used against the field booK. It pre
vents a larger number of pencilers from
doing business in the main betting ring,
and there is no valid reason why a dollar
bettor shouldn't get as much for his
money as one who bets two dollars. Day
after day horses with 3 to 2 chalked op
posite their names in the big ring are
quoted at even money in the field books,
and the unfortunate speculator down to
his "last bean" must accept this big cut
or change his dollar to another pocket.
No field book has been in operation at
the New Orleans track for four years,
notwithstanding the fact that it was a
most prolific source of income to the as
sociation, usually clearing about $20,000
during the winter meeting. If a horse is
15 to 1 in the ring, why should a dollar
bettor be compelled to take from S to 10
for his money? Some day the associa
tions out this way will get good to the
people — when it is too late.
The Saratoga Racing Association has
in contemplation a trophy to be contested
for by Tod Sloan and Tommy Burns, the
two "best lightweignts in this country.
Tod will ride for Fleisehmann and Burns
for the Schorrs. Both, stables will send
out a powerful string of racers, and in
view ot the keen rivalry existing between
the two riders it is thought the idea
ought to prove a very fetching attraction.
Ornament is being heavily backed by
Southern horsemen to win the Brooklyn
handicap. Charley Patterson, his owner,
waxed enthusiastic over the son of Order
in an interview recently printed, saying
that his colt would win both the Brook
lyn and Suburban unless he has a severe
setback in the interim.
Judge Joseph J. Burke, who formerly
presided in the stand at Oakland, ap
pears to be getting the 'go by" from all
sides of recent years. His friends all pre
sumed that he would again be in the
stand at the coming Newport (Ky.) meet
ing, but now it appears that L. J. Tar
ton will preside over the destinies of
the Queen City Jockey Club's season of
sport.
"Jockey Bill" Martin was in receipt of
a letter from Pat Dunne a few days ago,
and will leave for Memphis to Join his
employer's string on the 24th of the pres
ent month. The shrewd Western turfman
states in his letter that his horses are all
doing finely and thinks he has a better
stable than ever before.
Tod Sloan is apparently sore on Cali
fornia, and it is just probable the feeling
is mutual, at least, on the part of quite
a number of our local turf followers. Tod
also thinks that at different times the
judges have handed him a little red apple.
One finish that particularly rankles in tne
breast of the "Kokomo wonder" was the
Ostler Joe-Napamax finish over at Ingle
side, when Tod, on the black horse, was
placed second. T- c diminutive rider was
about the only one that thought he
earned the decision, for to those standing
over the wire it looked as though he was
beaten a good head. To make matters
still worse. Tod was lined $100 by the Oak
land officials for refusing to ride E. Come
in Thursday's two-year-old race. He will
probably depart for home, forgetting to
take along with him a bunch of fragrant
California forget-me-nots.
It seems that Ben Brush will not go to
England, notwithstanding the warning;;
of several Eastern turf writers. It was
also reported that he was in none too
good fix. This is apparently all bosh, for
a turfman now sojourning in this State
received a letter from the far East the
other day, in which the writer said the
great son of Bramble was more forward
in his work this spring than ever before.
This will make him the "big thing" in
the future book betting on the Brooklyn.
The same letter also said Hamburg was
going great guns and had to be held down
in his gallops. This does away with the
"bad leg" story.
By his win on Thursday, Lobos did not
by any means demonstrate that he is a
Hamburg. To be sure, he won in very
fast time, but it was over a marvelously
fast track, and he carried but 98 pounds
on his back. The flying lllly Magdalenes
won in much handier fashion with 120
pounds up, and on his only public ap
pearance Johnny Campbell's colt. El
Nido, showed a phenomenal burst of
speed. Ix>bos finished "all out." and it is
Just likely that with weight up he may
fall by the wayside.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
A foreign physician asserts that the
pain of neuralgia, if superficial, can be
relieved by throwing a beam from a
bright arc light upon the affected part.
GOOD COURSING
EXPECTED
IN TWO PARKS.
There'll be some warm coursing at the
Ingleslde and Union coursing parks to
day and to-morrow.
The stakes at both parks are rich and
well worth winning.
Of course there are no strong armed
jockeys to guide the hounds, but there
are many niceties of training and hand
ling which make perfect.
The running to-day at Ingleside begins
at 1 p. m. and the run-off of the ties to
morrow at 11 a. m.
Dr. Van Hummel has in his Eastern
string an "ocean greyhound." Fact!
While out for their morning run one day
last week one the "fliers" espied a
rustling of something strange among the
tule grass in Lake Merced. Followed by
the rest of the pack he dashed into the
water and a moment later tossed a black
object above his head, as he would toss
a hare. He refused to bring it ashore,
but the doctor secured It and found it to
be a canvasback duck. Had it been a fish
this story might be doubted. But the
doctor offers to vouch for its truthfulness
with four witnesses and a eulogistic dis
sertation on the epicurean delights sub
sequently enjoyed.
J. Farley's Snowbird has been bred to
the game old Skyball. To this was due
the poor work of Snowbird last week, buc
the ultimate outcome will make up for all
that.
B. Dougherty is coming to the front
again with his puppies Palmer Hill and
.Lady Thorndyke, and of late he has been
landing well within the money. This is
as it should be. It is not true that Dough
erty raised the dogs that killed the doge
that worried Lazarus, but Dougherty has
certainly raised some of the cleverest
greyhounds that ever ran in America, and
he certainly deserves all the luck that the
sport can afford him.
The work of Lynch & Mailer's new
Eastern dog Dakota at Ingleside last
week showed him to be the same grand
dog that he was of old. He was not a
winner, but it was not expected that he
would be. He has scarcely been run for
a year, and has not yet been on the coast
long enough to recover from the fatigue
of the trip. In two months he will be
heard from.
It is hinted that a match race is possi
ble between J. Dean's Mlalmo and W. E.
Thompson's Patria. Such a contest would
draw the leashmen of the coast to the
city.
Walter Hobart is reported to be about
to embark in coursing. Unable, it is said,
to find stock suited to his taste in this
country, he has sent tv England and
Australia for flag-raisers. An extensive
string from both countries will be pur
chased.
Governor Budd is another sportsman
who begins to show an awakening inter
est in coursing.
The rundown at Ingleside to-day should
show a flag for the following:
Van Nida, Glenroy, Captain Morse, Vic
tor, Johnny R, Occidental, Moondyne,
Gilt Edge, Princess Maria, Log Boy,
Rapid. Right Bower, Benalong. Just
Eclipse, S'.y Boy. Swinnerton, Patria. Van
Weeda, Hercules, Black Prince, Magnet,
Deeoto, White Lily, Senoritn.
The probable winners in the rundown
at Union coursing park to-day are: Chit
Chat. Coralie, Rosette. Santa Alicia. Mo
notony, Commodore, Moors Prescription,
Koo'Lawn. Amorita, Mercy May, Arapa
hoe Kingstone, Tod Sloan, Benicia Boy,
Diana, Cavalier, Susie, Gallagher. White
Chief, Terona. Firm Friend. Theron,
Mountain Beauty. Magic, Rusty Gold, Joy
Bells, Waratah. Eclipse.
The Union coursing park has now an
inviting appearance, and with good run
ning hares there is no reason why the
two coursing parks should not do well in
this county.
BASKET BALL BETWEEN
INCOGS AND MISSIONS
The preliminary games of the basket
ball tournament have now been played.
The Incognitos of Oakland and the Mis
sions of San Francisco faced each other
last Thursday evening at the gymnasium
of the Y. M. C. A. of this city when the
Missions won by a final score of 14 to 12
in their favor.
It proved to be a very exciting contest
from beginning to end and the victory
was in no wise an assured thing ror
either team until the referee gave his
final decision. Both teams worked quite
well together. The passing of the Oak
landers was superior to that of the Mis
sions, but the latter were better at goal
throwing, and with few changes they
scored the higher number of points. The
players that too- part In the game were
as follows:
Incognitos. Position. Missions.
H. L,austen.... Forward.... G. T. Shaw Jr.
O. Hunter Forward W. Lamont
E. Sisson Center D. "Grant
K. A. Kerr.... Guard G. A. R. Heuer
E. C. Brown.. Cuard G. McClead
This victory brings the Missions into
the seml-flnais with the Business Men
and the Rushers, every one of these
teams having won two games out of three
In the preliminaries. By a decision of the
league committee, the game played on
March 3 between the Athens and the
Rushers has been given to the latter
team on a protest, with a score of 15 to
14 points in its favor, instead of the an
nounced score of 13 to 14 against them.
The score of the teams now reads as
follows:
|Won|Lost IP. C.
Athens (Oakland) I
business Men (S. F.)
Missions (S. F.)
Pushers (S. F.)
Spartans (Oakland)
incogs (Oakland)
lawyers (S. F.)
Jnions (S. F.)
4 1 I
2 1
1,2: 1 ■
2 1
3 2
2 ,3
0 3
0 - 3 | ■
800
666
606
666
600
400
000
000
Before next Thursday the semi-finals
must be played off between the three
teams of San Francisco and the Athens
and Spartans of Oakland: The winners
will be declared the local champions.
On Thursday night will take place the
first game for the coast championship,
and it is looKed forward to with the
Greatest interest. It will be played in
akland. The second game will then
come off on this s.de of the bay.
More men have died and are buried
in the Isthmus of Panama, along the
line of the proposed canal, than on any
equal amount of territory in the
world.
Sound Money Discussions.
Between now and next presidential election
there will be hosts of discussions or the ques*
tions of "sound mon^y" and silver. However
opinions may be divided on these points, there
Is but one public and professional opinion, and
that Is a favorable one. regarding the merits
of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters as a remedy for
and preventive of malaria, as well as a cura
tive of kidney complaint, dyspepsia, constipa
tion, liver trouble and rheumatism.
ON THE TRACK
AND
THE DIAMOND.
This is the day of field meets and base
ball games. The programme at Palo Alto
Is a handicap college field day; at Berke
ley, both a contest on field and track and
a crossing of bats on the college diamond.
Even this city will see something of col
lege sport, for at Central Park this after
noon the Alumni baseball team will try
conclusions with the Stanford nine for"
the third time.
Baseball at Palo Alto has received a
vivifying influence under the supervisory
power of John Sheehan. Sheehan is now
the Stanford coach-in-chief and for the
next five weeks he will be with the base
ball men, training and instructing. Al
ready an improvement in play has been
attained by the persistent grilling which
he has instituted as a process. Sheehan's
system Is something of the same nature
as that practiced by Cochran at Berke
ley. First he works the Cardinal ath
letes of the diamond in general, easy
fielding and batting. Then a practical
game of five innings follows. A second
team has been organized and a captain
appointed. After the game between tha
first and second nines the most likely
candidates for position on the team that
will represent the "varsity in the inter-
collegiate engagements are distributed in
their places on the diamond and then a
sharp, quick practice in throwing, which
continues for a half-hour, completes the
day's training. When Sheehan took the
men in hand there was a decided slump
in the playing. Baseball interest was on
the wane, but owing to the sharp meth
ods in use the latent enthusiasm has been
excavated from the breasts of the play
ers and the student body and now there
i* enough effusion scattered around tha
diamond and the side lines to start a.
large-sized conflagration.
On the other side of the bay Cochran
has betn working sedulously with what
he calls a poor aggregation of baseball
talent. There are four men wearing the
blue and gold colors who, according to
Cochran. are baseball players. Two of
them. Hoag and McLaren, he thinks
might earn positions on an Eastern col
lege nine. The others have not won a
place in Cochran's heart. Many things
he finds wanting. There still exists that
lack of spirit and poignant desire to wear
the college colors in big matches. Coch
ran took the men out the other day and
read to them a curtain lecture, exhorting
them to greater efforts and deprecating
the inexplicable indifference which the
college student at Berkeley shows for the
national game. At present Cochran is
devoting his time in an endeavor to
strengthen the left side of the diamond.
There is a noticeable weakness in all the.
aspirants for third, short and left field.
Hoag was tried at third the other day,
and he may be found there before they
season advances much further. There
has been no crystallization of positions
on the California nine as yet. The work
so far has been elementary and experi-
Since Brunton left college for his
home a pall has hung over track ath
letics at Stanford. Walker, the present
track captain, is doing his best to dispel
the gloom but has not met with complete
success as yet. The field and track meet
this afternoon, though a handicap affair,
will show what material there is for the
Intercollegiate and its value. Every man
with the minutest sprinting ability ha 3
entered. The handicaps have all been
fixed with a view to making the races
even and interesting. At this annual
handicap field day in former years some
startling performances were seen, notabiy
that of John Brunton last year in the 100
yards, which distance he covered in 9 4-5
seconds— at least so the Stanford watches
The sophomore-freshman field day at
Berkeley will draw a large crowd. Both
teams are evenly matched, but the soph
omores are considered the favorites. The
chances in each evtnt were considered in
full two weeks ago. The entries are as
follows:
100 yard dash— "oo: MoXab, Broughton, S'.-f
monds. Drum. '01: Hinz, Haskins, Knighti
Grieve, Bakewell. /
2'o yard dash— 'oo: Broughton, Simondsi
Drum." "01: Hlnz. Haskins, Knight, Grit vaJ
Mealy. BaWewell. ' f
440 yard dash— 'oo: Broughton. Drum. 01ft
Hinz. Woolsey. Mealy. 3
SSO yard run— - o<>: Squires, Wise. Bayer. Ras-j
mussen. Smith. Dorety. Aitken. Humphrey, j
Kidd Mendenhall. '01: Scott, Mosier, Tclman.J
McConaughy. Harley. Dozier, Clark. t
Mile run— 'oo: Rasmussen, Dorety. Squires*
Garrison, Smith, Bayer. '01: Carpenter. Mo
sier, Scott, Harley, Tolman, Dozier, McCon-
aughy, Clark. Beck. j
120 yard hurdles— 'oo: Hoffman, Crocker*
Dawson. "01: Bretherick.
2°o yard hurdles— 'oo: Dawson. McN'ab. '014
Parker, Bias. Woolsey. Bretherick. <
Mile walk — '00: Westerfeld, Aitken. Skaife;,
'01: Allen, Walsh.
Shot put— 'oo: Goodale, O'Toole. Peck. '01$
Guiberson. Woolsey.
Hammer throw— 'oo: McNab, O Toole, Peck+
'01: Gulberson.
Pole vault— 'oo: Hoffman, Simonds. '01 JJ
Bakewell, Woolsey.
High Jump— 'oo: Hoffman. '01: Cooley, Hun-,
ter, Woolsey.
Broad jump— 'oo: Broughton, Hoffman, Si-*
monds. Drum. '01: Dickson, Hunter.
Just as soon as the field day is corn-*,
pleted the California nine will play thai
Santa Claras. This will be their second)
game. The first game was early in thel
season and was won by Santa Clara after^
a hard fight. Since then California has.
much improved under the instructions of /
Cochran. The game will really be a testi
of what the strength of the blue and !
gold baseball team is.
The intercollegiate games will be played '
on April 9, 16 and 30. The field day wlljj
take place on April 23.
This afternon at Central Park thai
Alumni will play their sixth game. Should*
they defeat Stanford, each team in thei
triangular league will be tied, with a per-«
centage of 50. The teams will line up a%
follows:
Alumni. Positions. Stanford.
Elston Catcher Strohl*
Krug or Lannigan, Hill of>
Wheeler Pitcher Becketf.
Allen First base YounaF
Krug or I
Wheeler Second base Harri»
McKee Third base Edwarusa
Lewis Short stop Lougheed*
Ireland Left field I^lauber '
Calhoun Center field Chandler?
or Wright
Sheehan Right field Swindell*
ADVERTISEMENTS. v;-^
■,'.". :■ ."""", ~~" rr— ■ ~- *\
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER'
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOtt
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
The prototype of all Bitter Wat:r3." LaticsL :
"Speedy, sure, gentle." JiritishMedicalJounini
.CAUTION: bee that the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehner.
y.^^B^^^£ffkU B! * f3f 3 is ft non-poißononß
*£^^B^^^^m r , r , Glol!y o for Gonorrhea
€CltEt»"^»9 Cloct, Spermatorrhoea
sUBBF in ! to 5 i»ts Whites, unnatural ciis!
Bmm Gu»riint«d V charges, or any iuflamin;i-
[•I not to stricture. tion. irritation or uleera-
Prereou oontmjlon. tion of <n uco v a mem-
w3»ltheEv*N3 CHEMirnCo. branei.. Non-astringent.
I^AciNCINNATLO |HH «'<* b^ *>rujc;risi»,
SsgSL U.S.A. 2SS ?r? r B?nt in P lliln wrapper,
>^BuyB uy expre.Hs, prepaid for
.'^EH^l 5,V o °..^'- 3 bottles, f2.75?
' . /^^i^**^* ■ Circular »»nt on request.
aixiROFQPIUifI
The pur. essential extract from the natire dm-" < ,qJ
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of
vritnout -t« noxlon« elem-aw. No sickness cfsto,.,.. -Sri
no Tomlt J>g ;no coMWeneaa ,no headache. All L>rupK!--tas
; NEW WESTERN HOTEL, '
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON ' STS.— RnJ -
moiieled anil reno.vnipd. king WARD ,*
CO. European plan, nooms COo -to II BOday "
$5 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. "Free baths
hot and cold water every ; room: fire: »rate» Is
every room; elevator runs all nightPIRACY OFF
THE COAST
OF ALASKA
Fight for Possession of
the Wrecked Bark
Canada.
Wrested by Force From
a Crew Left in
Charge.
Had Been Hauled Off the Beach
by a Steamship and
Libeled.
CAPTAIN UNDER ARREST.
H«cap'ured and Held His Ship, but
Will Be Prosecuted by the
Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PKAOUAY. Alaska. March 6 (by
pvamship . Australia, via Seattle,
March 11). — A case of alleged piracy on
:be high seas has recently occurred off
Alaska. In a recent storm the bark
I'anada, said here to belong to the
"Washington-Alaska line, was blown
iishore against the rocks at the foot of
the mountain across the harbor and de
serted by her crew. One morning sev
pra.l days later she was nowhere to be
seen and it was thought she had been
blown off and sunk.
The Canada had been blown off. but
not sunk. She started on a voyage
down Lynn Canal alone and without an
occupant, like a riderless horse. The
small steamship J, M. Coleman, which
runs between Dyea, Skaguay and Ju
neau, picked up the Canada half way
d iwn to Pyramid Harbor, towed her to
a sandspit and beached her. The Can
;i: .it was a prize. She had a cargo of
limber, coal and a lot of miscellaneous
uindise. The Coleman left three
aboard the Canada, including
Chief Engineer Daniels, and proceeded
on her course.
The captain of the Canada, who was
ushore here when he heard of the res
became greatly incensed and swore
he would capture the ship. He did,
lut is in a whole flood tide of trouble
on account of it. He got a small steam-
ship and with ten men hired here, in-
eluding a part of the original crew.
sailed for the spot where the Canada
was beached. A pitched battle oc-
curred, in which both blood and hair
shed. It required all of the ten
to take the ship from the Cole
man's three, who fought as did the
•_■ trio of Thermopylae. Previously
captaixj had gone aboard the Can
all and acknowledged, it is said,
to the three men that he had aban
1 the ship and that they were en
t tied to salvage.
About three hours after the capture
i^ ship, the Coleman came up from
Juneau, where her captain had taken
out the necessary papers for libeling
•:ie Canada and had sent them to Sitka.
Jf imagining that all was safe and secure
as when she left her prize, the- Cole
came alongside with that feeling
■ pride and enthusiasm with which a
miner approaches a thousand-dollar
nugget in the Klondike. Her erpw
was startled by the per-emptory com
mand to "'Keep off there." Instead of
three men, quite a crowd was standing
along the rail. Undaunted by this as
tonishing show >f force, she heaved
■1 and attempted to tow her prize
port at Dyea. and there place her
in charge of the United State Deputy
Sheriff. The line was no sooner heaved
than it was cut away. Two more lines
were thrown with the same result. Fail
ing to lasso or make fast to the ship,
Captain Piper of the Coleman deter
mined to board the bark, and sounded
the engineer's gong to run the Cole
man alongside. Perceiving this war
like movement the captain of the Can
ada leaped upon the rail, and, holding
fast to the halyards, nourished a re
volver and shouted:
"111 shoot the first man who steps
aboard."
He fired the revolver. Not being an
armored vessel and fearing the result
of a broadside on the United States
mail, the Coleman boing a mail boat.
Captain Pipt-r sheered off and steamed
for Dyea. There he laid the situation
before United States Commissioner J.
U. Smith and asked the aid of the
United States troops to recover the ves
sel. Deputy Marshal Cudihee said that
no troops would be required. War
rants were issued by the United States
Commissioner for Captain John Doe
of the Canada on a charge of piracy,
the real name of the captain not hav
ing been ascertained. The warrant
also included his nine men. The Cole
man put back immediately tfor the
Canada with the Deputy Marshal to
porve the warrants. The Marshal de
clared himself and the Coleman was
allowed to come alongside. The war
rants were served without trouble. Cap
tain John Doe said:
"Well, boys, my bluff didn't work."
The ten men • were taken back to
Dyra and are there now awaiting a
hearing on a very severe charge, which
will now be prosecuted by the Govern
ment. The original three are again
in possession of the prize.
HAL HOFFMAN.
HALTS AT DYEA.
The Klondike Relief Train Halted by
Order of Secretary Alger.
DYEA. Alaska, March 6, via Seattle,
March 11.— The bark Lucille, in tow of
the tug Monarch, with 500 tons of
fright and the remainder of the troops
for the Government relief expedition
for Dawson, has arrived here, flhe lias
been lying in the harbor for three days
■md has not yet made a move to dis
' h.'irge her cargo. There Is a reason for
this, which Is that by the steamship
Australia, Major Kucker in command,
received the following laconic telegram
from the Secretary of War at Wash
ington, under date of February 28:
■Stop everything. R. A. ALGER."
Though not very explicit, unofficially
it was learned that this refers to the
relief expedition and not to the snow
fall, the current of the Dyea River or
anything else.
Major Rucker would not talk about
the telegram. The troops are resting
Won their arms and bacon and flour,
"awaiting further orders. The opinion
In camp is that the expedition will be
abandoned. Major Rucker has not
heard from General Merriam who, at
last accounts, had gone to Washing
ton, D. C, in connection with the diffi
culty which arose concerning the tak
ing of arms Into Canadian territory.
HAL, HOFFMAN.
HANGS HIMSELF
AND THEN DIES
REGRETTING IT
Story Told by the Body of Dom
inico Riatto, Found Hang
ing in a Well Near
Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., March 11.— Peter Maglio, a fourteen-year-old boy,
visited a stock well this afternoon for the purpose of ascertaining
whether some little fishes he had placed in the well were living. Upon
peering over the curbing he was startled at the ghastly sight which
met his gaze. The face of a dead man appeared cmly a few feet below,
and the lad did not linger for a second look at the bulging eyes and
distorted features. The boy notified his father, V. Maglio, who discov
ered that his partner, Dominlco Riatto, had ended his life.
Riatto was left hanging In the well until the arrival of the Coroner.
The man had tied a small cotton rope around his neck, then fastened
the other end of the rope to the curbing, and, jumped Into- the well,
where he strangled to death, as his neck was not broken. His feet
were touching the water, some efght feet below the top of the curb
ing.
Riatto evidently died regretting his act, as he had clasped the rope
in a futile attempt to draw himself back up to the curbing and climb
aut. His hands still tightly clutched the rope, bearing mute witness
to the fact that he had concluded he had made a mistake when he
thought he wanted to die.
Riatto was a native of Italy, 42 years old, and had visited many
portions of the globe. Papers found on his person showed that he had
lived in France, England and the Argentine Republic before coming to
America. For the last three years he has farmed a twenty-acre colony
tract in partnership with V. Maglio. He was /unmarried, and left no
property.
MELBA COMING
TO THE COAST
Soon to Start on a Tour
of the Pacific
Slope.
Will Be Supported by an Ag
gregation of Celebrities
of the Stage.
Plans for the Transcontinental Jour
ney Arranged on a Magnificent
Scale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 11.— At the close of
a highly successful season of grand
opera in Italian. German and French
at the Boston Theater this afternoon
Messrs. Damrosch & Ellis made an an
nouncement of great importance. It
was to the effect that Madame Melba
and a specially selected company would
make a tour of California and the Pa
cific Slope including the city of San
Francisce. Mme. Melba will be the
star of the organization and will be
supported by an aggregation of famous
artists. Mr. Charles A. Ellis, who has
directed the personal management of
Melba for the past three years, will
conduct the tour, traveling with Melba
over the entire route, which covers a
territory of over 10,000 miles.
"We anticipate a welcome for Mme.
Melba in the country between the Mis
sissippi and the Pacific that will easily
surpass the enthusiasm of the East,"
said Mr. Charles Strine, the business
manager to-night.
The tour will begin almost immedi
ately after the completion of the Dam
rosch-Ellis grand opera season at th<?
Auditorium in Chicago next Monday.
Beginning in the Auditorium in St.
Louis, Melba will be heard in the role
of probably the greatest success of her
career, one in which severe critical opin
ion has credited her with effacing even
the recollection of past mistresses of
this characterization — Rosina in the
"Barber of Seville." Rossini's fluent
and difficult opera. Kansas City, Om
aha Denves, Salt Lak«, Pan Francisco,
Los' Angeles, Portland, Seattle, Tacoma,
Spokane and Butte will be visited in
turn, and after the Journey across the
Rockies and the stretches of the North
west the tour will be completed at St.
Paul and Minneapolis. Then Melba
will leave at once for New York in tim-j
to catch the earliest outgoing steam
ship for Southampton and will arrive
in London in time to fulfill her con
tract in Covent Gardens-
Plans of the most elaborate nature
are being made for Melba's tour. The
company will travel in a special train
of Pullman palace cars, which will in
clude Melba's private car, to be occu
pied only by herself, her companion
and her maids. The journey will be
made by special schedule and every
care and precaution will be taken to
lighten the burden of travel.
Mme. Melba is still quite ill. Her
physician was with her all day to-day
and she was unable to sing to-night.
Mr. Damrosch Informed The Call cor
respondent to-night, however, that he
had every reason to believe that the
diva would be able to open in Chicago
on Monday. He was positive that her
indisposition is only of a temporary
character and she will recover in plenty
of time so that her western trip will
not be affected by her illness.
It is announced to-day that Nordica's
illness is more interesting than serious,
and that before long she will be the re
cipient of congratulations.
SANTA ,10SA PREPARING
TO WELCOME PYTHIANS
SANTA ROSA. Mnrch 11.— The execu
tive committee of the Knights of Pythias
announces the following programme for
the Grand Lodge festivities to be held
here from May 16 to 80, inclusive:
On Monday, May 16, the delegates to the
Grand Lodge and the Grand Temple of
the Rathbone Sisters will arrive and es
tablish headquarters at Odd Fellows'
Tuesday, May 17, will be devoted to
lodge business, and a formal reception
and banquet will be tendered the visitors
at the Athenaeum Opera-house in the
after the day's lodge busi
ness, there will be a banquet and a grand
ball at the same place.
Thursday morning will be spent In
Grand Lodge work, but in the afternoon
there will be an excursion to Guerneville
and a picnic among the redwoods. In
the evening the visiting Knights will at
tend the coronation of the queen of the
Rose Carnival, after which ceremony a
fraternal banquet will be given.
Friday morning It is expected that the
delegates will finish up their business in
time to attend the carnival pageant, and
at night the festivities will close with a
juvenile ball, degree work of the various
lodges and a promenade concert.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
TROUBLE OVER
THE BOUNDARY
Both American and Ca
nadian Officials Claim
Lake Bennett.
Mounted Police Captain Defies
a United States In
spector.
Notifies Klondikers to Refuse to
Travel With Him Farther Than
While Pass.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, March 6 (via Se
attle), March 11. — Rumors were rife a
day or two ago that serious complica
tions were threatened between prospec
tors bound for the Yukon and Canadian
customs officers located at the new cus
tom house fourteen miles from Ska
guay. It was reported that 300 men
had banded themselves together for the
purpose of resisting payment of duty.
Investigation, however, proved that the
story was unfounded. Duties are be
ing collected with the greatest regu
larity and there have been no refusals
to pay them. Those who have paid
duties say that the Canadian customs
officials have not shown an arbitrary
or exacting spirit.
On February 27 a Montreal party with
Customs Inspector Cates acting as con
voy, reached the Canadian custom
house at White Pass. Deputy United
States Collector Floyd of this port
had issued instructions to Inspector
Cates to accompany the party clear
through to Lake Bennett. Arriving
at the custom house, however, the
chief of the party conferred with Cap
tain Strickland, the Canadian collec
tor, as to whether he was compelled
to take the American inspector to Lake
Bennett.
"No," replied Cantain Strickland,
"you're on British soil and you can tell
your convoy to get."
Inspector Cates returned to Skaguay
and reported the occurrence to Deputy
Collector Floyd. Mr. Floyd will con
tinue to instruct the convoys to ac
company any goods to Lake Bennett,
even if they are turned back by the
Canadians, until he hears from Wash-
ington.
Between Skaguay and White Pass
there are estimated to be 6500 people
lining the route, while beyond the pass
an equal number are making their way
toward the lakes.
TEN MEN SLAIN IN
THE BOMBAY RIOTS.
Insurrection Is Spreading, and Brit
ish Infantry Is on Guard
in the City.
BOMBAY, March 11.— The total deaths
resulting from the plague riots are those
of two soldiers of the Shropshire Regi
ment killed; a municipal inspector, who
accidentally shot himself; four European
and four native policemen, with seven
teen civilians injured. One hundred and
nine arrests were made.
The Hindoos and Mohammedans have
begun closing their shops as a protest
against the plague measures, and the
movement is spreading. About IF>,OOO
dockers, railway laborers and others
have struck work. The city is guarded
by Infantry, cavalry, marines and armed
police.
COMPULSORY INSPECTION
OF MEATS DEMANDED.
Resolvtion Favoring Strict Regula-
tions Introduced in the Prus-
sian Diet.
BERLTN, March 11.— In the House of
the Prussian Diet to-day Herren Ring
and Mendelsteinfels submitted a resolu
tion calling upon the Government to urge
the Imperial Government to impose more
strict regulations upon the import of cat
tle from countries suspected of having
cattle diseases and also establishing a
system of compulsory inspection of
meats, as well as more efficacious fron
tier regulations.
ELIJAH BALLARD'S FATE.
Frightfully Injured by the Explosion
of a Boiler.
SAN JOSE, March 11.— At 3:30 o'clock
this afternoon Elijah Ballard, an orcha^d
lat residing on Minnesota avenue, was
frightfully injured by the explosion of
the boiler of a traction engine in the
orchard of Ira Cottle in the Willows. The
cause Is not known, but at the time it
occurred Ballard, who was the engineer,
was standing on the boiler tightening the
bolts of a packing pox. The explosion
scattered the fragments of the boiler for
800 feet around. Bailard was carried
thirty feet with the main portion. His
right arm was terribly shattered, his
lower limbs were completely paralyzed
and he sustained serious internal inju
ries. Ilia death Is hourly expected.
FOUGHT TO
SAVE THEIR
BELONGINGS
Desperate Strife as
the Whitelaw
Burned.
Shipwrecked Passengers
Robbed by Skaguay
Freebooters.
Despoiled Argonauts Now Pace
the Shore, Hungry and
Penniless.
CAPTAIN NEARLY MOBBED
Refused to Permit Those Aboard to
Savo Their Outfits From the
Flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, March 5 (by
steamship Australia, via Seattle, March
ID .—The scene at the burning of the
steamship Whitelaw, the familiar old
San Francisco wrecker, boarded up for
the Klondike rush, in Skaguay harbor
yesterday, was one of indescribable ex
citement and confusion. Thieves turned
out in small boats to loot the cargo.
Freebooters, claiming the right of salv
age, fought with the passengers for the
outfits that floated ashore. Knives and
revolvers were drawn on owners of out
fits in a number of instances and their
property forcibly taken away from
them, and they stood by helplessly
watching their last mouthful of provis
ions carried away into the night. The
actual burning of the ship did not oc
cur until midnight. This scene of free
booting continued through the re
mainder of the night and far into the
forenoon.
I have just come from the beach.
Several wrecked Klondikers are patrol
ling the sand with guns in the crooks of
their arms. One of these men is Chas.
Gerhardt of San Francisco. He has a
large-bore Winchester rifle. Another is
John Housted of Sacramento. He has
a long knife in a scabbard at his belt.
Others who have neither knives nor
firearms carry clubs. Frank Kelly of
San Francisco is superintending the
collection of the stuff that comes ashore
through the surf. Second Mate John
Rc/ach is assisting him.
I witnessed Gerhardt and a half
dozen others, with vengeance flashing
in their eyes, pounce upon an old man
who was slipping away from the surf
with three slabs of singed bacon on his
shoulder, throw hi:i. violently down on
the sand and take the bacon away.
That was before Gerhardt had yet dis
covered the gun SMiiewhere. Maybe
$50 worth of half-ruined supplies will
be recovered in this way, out of a car
go valued at not less, It is said, than
$30,000.
The 110 passengers are stranded on a
strange shore. Many are penniless and
know not what to do. Some lost all
their clothes and money, and had to
borrow from more fortunate friends
enough to buy meals.
It was a battle with the fire all of yes
terday. It is thought it may have been
Iburning a day or two. When discovered
in the forward hold about in o'clock in
the morning, the hatcues were battened
down, steam turned into the hold and
every effort made to smother the fire.
The second mate was then sent down in
a diving suit into the smoking hold to
locate the fire. He turned over the coal
and found it was not there. Several
times (hiring the day the volume of smoke
increased and the deck got hotter. Cap
tain Lockyer thought he had extinguished
the fire late in the afternoon. The pas
sengers lent a hand whenever they could
be useful. Many came asnore during the
day in small boats which surrounded the
smoking Whitelaw, but most of them
stayed by the ship. Though the fire was
believed to have been conquered the gen
eral vigilance of the crew and passengers
was not decreased.
A howling gale with rain and a little
snow blew all day long. At about 7
o'clock in the evening, when all had be
gun to breathe easier, flames suddenly
burst with a roar into the engine room.
It is now known that considerable whisky
had been smuggled aboard the ship and
the forward hold was nearly filled with
hay. Early this morning a beachcomber
recovered two barrels of whisky and
made off with them in a wagon under
the representation that he owned them.
The engineer on watch retreated, and
soon the flames burst through the sky
light. Then the wind got at them and
fanned them furiously. Three streams
were turned on and Captain Lockyer
whistled for help. Not another ship in
the harbor came to his aid. It was a
desperate fight for two hours, during
which the fire gained headway.
At 8 o'clock arrangements were made
to save the thirty-four head of livestock
and as much of the cargo as possible. It
was apparent to the passengers that the
ship was lost, but the captain would not
give up the fight until the last moment.
A lighter was brought alongside, the
livestock was led upon it, some hay and
provisions were tumbled aboard, and the
lighter, with many of the passengers, cut
away. The wind was right for blowing
it ashore.
The remaining passengers had in the
meantime been making desperate efforts
to save some of their outfits. All kinds
of articles were thrown overboard Into
the roaring sea. The wind increased in
fury. The whole interior of the ship be
low was on fire. .
Suddenly, flames burst through the deck
in several places. - The passengers ap
pealed to the captain to let them take to
the ship's boats, which he had been low
ering, and take as much of their outfits
as they could. This he refused. Captain
Lockyer was nearly mobbed, a proceed
ing which was not infrequently threat
ened during the voyage, the passengers
being restrained by reflection on the mu
tiny laws, as related in previous dis
patches to The Call.
When it was finally decided to aban
don the ship everybody aboard tumbled
over the side into the waiting boats. Ac
counts differ as to whether Captain Lock
yer was the last to leave. The captain
says he was and Second. Mate Roach says
he was. Several passengers say he was
not. William Hartley; a longshoreman,
says he was the last man aboard. ,
The ship > was abandoned about mid
night. Fifteen minutes later the White
law was a mass of ; roaring flames from
stem to stem. Both -sea and wind were
rising. It was with great difficulty, that
these last boats made the shore.
The fire lit up ,the. mountain tops cov
ered ■; with snow and - illuminated the
streets and buildings of Skaguay, * nearly
a mi^fi away. , . . ' '
Many Klondikers who had come ashore
early In the: evening hired small boats
and made hazardous trips out to the ship
to save what they could. Their property,
when deposited on the beach and insuffi
ciently protected, was forcibly seized and
stolen.
During the hours ,: that the -fire, gained
headway there was no order on board the
Whitelaw. Confusion reigned. The cap
tain was defied, as he had often- been
during the voyage north. When there was
concerted action it was through the com
mon hope of s saving ship - and property.
The Whitelaw burned until after daylight.
There ' were ; some explosions aboard, as
was shown by the sudden upbursting of
sparks. -All that now remains 'of ■ the
stanchest wooden ship on the Pacific
Coast are a few blackened and charred
ribs sticking above the sea.
At low tide, her boilers and engine
frame are visible. The gale still groans
and the sea still moans. As the shadows
of evening fall, hopeless, despairing pas
sengers walk the beach in the twilight,
ghastly by the whitened mountainsides,
saving what bits the sea deigns to
throw up to them.
Amid the hasty flight from the ship, the
disorder, confusion and desperation, it ia
almost miraculous that not a life was
lost. Every man who sailed from San
Francisco has his life to be thankful for.
Had the Whitelaw been at sea instead of
hard on the beach, where the captain
ran , her, there is little doubt that there
would have been a repetition of the Clara
Nevada disaster, from which not a soul
was saved.
Captain Thomas Locker, at an appoint
ment he made with me this afternoon,
said:
"I got wood for fuel at the Treadwell
mine on Douglass Island, opposite Juneau
and sailed north, arriving nere yesterday
morning. Smoke was seen coming out of
the foi*ward hold at about 10 o'clock. I
battened down the hatches and turned
steam into the hold. When the smoke
cleared I sent down a diver to try and
locate the fire. It was not in the coal.
He could not find just where it was. Then
I ran the ship inshore and brought her
around broadsides in water of sufficient
depth to sink her should we not be able
otherwise to extinguish the fire. From
that position the wind blew her hard
aground, and it was not possible to scut
tle her when scuttling would have done
some good. I turned steam and streams
of water Into the hold and opened
the eea cocks, but in spite of every
thing I could do the fire would
flame up again and become worse.
When it broke through the deck the gale
got at it and that was the beginning of
All" the livestock and considerable cargo
were saved on the lighter. One man who
lives in Skaguay, whose name I don t
know but wish I did, had his horses near
the exit. When the time came to begin
to quit the ship he refused to move his
animals, having them insured, or there
being some other circumstances by which
he hoped to profit by their death. \\ ithout
these animals being got out of the way
none of the others could be moved. By a
display of force and threats, he was fin
ally prevailed upon to lead them upon the
lighter."
"The passengers are telling that you re
fused to allow them to go ashore in the
ship's boats," I remarked.
Then the captain showed exasperation
for the first time. He replied, with <x dis
play of anger:
"Do you think I would let any passen
ger take a boat, go ashore with his stun
and stay away an hour or two with the
ship burning?" .
"Jhey are also saying, captain, that
you left the ship ahead of others.
"That is not true. It is a lie. I was in
the last boat. I have had trouble witn
th<? passengers all the way from San
Francisco, and with the crew, too. The
passengers 'kicked' and made life miser
able for me on account of the poor ac
commodations. They should not have
sailed in the ship in the first place if the
accommodations did not suit them. The
crew was refractory and insubordinate
with a few exceptions. Most of the crew
intended to desert the ship and go to the
Klondike, if they could, when we reached
here. They never intended to return with
the ship, and I guess I won't now, either
It was far and away the worst voyage I
ever had in my life."
Purser C. H. Jackson said this after
noon that he expected to sail for San
Francisco on tht Australia. He takes
back an official report of the disaster.
Captain Lockyer and Mr. Jackson lost
all their personal effects, including cloth
ing and money. The ship's papers and
money were saved.
HAL HOFFMAN.
COSTA RICA GIVEN
TEN DAYS' GRACE.
TTltimatum Sent by the Central Amer-
ican Diet On the Seventh
of This Month.
NEW YORK, March ll.— Senor EL Con
stantino Fiallos, Secretary of State of
Honduras, replying to a message, says
Honduras endeavors to maintain peace
between Nicaragua and Costa Rica. No
military preparations have been made,
and rumors to the contrary are false.
The La Übertad, Salvador, correspond
ent wires:
"I learn here that the Central Ameri
can Diet sent an ultimatum on the 7th to
Costa Rica demanding .satisfaction and
the payment of indemnity within ten days
for intervention in the revolution in
Nicaragua in February last."
DROWNED IN FEATHER RIVER.
OROVILL.E, March 11. — Early this
morning Neil C. Hansen was drowned in
Feather River. He had quit work and
got into a small boat used in going to and
from a dredger, but on entering the boat
he failed to secure the guide-rope which
is used in pulling boats up the stream.
When halfway across his boat caught in
the guide-rope and was capsized. After
swimming for some time he succeeded in
getting on his boat, which was Imttom
side up, but the boat commenced sinking,
when ne jumped into the water and tried
to reach shore. He sank within a few
feet of the still water which is formed in
the river by the dredger tailings. His
body has not yet beon found. Hansen
was 35 years of age and only recently
married. _
RUNNING DOWN AN OUTLAW.
FRESNO, March 11.— Constable Ben
Dennis of Letcher arrived here to-night,
bringing a prisoner to the County Jail.
He reports that Indian Dick, the notor
ious outlaw, who has been roaming the
hills and terrorizing the inhabitants of
sparsely inhabited districts, was shot
Sunday. A half-breed who had been
hunting Dick, came upon him suddenly
Sunday and opened fire on the outlaw
The bullet took effect, for Dick dropped
his pistol and fell to the ground. He
crawled away, however, before his pur
suer could follow up his advantage and
managed to escape to the wild country.
His shirt, which he discarded, was found
and showed two bullet holes on opposite
sides, indicating where the ball had en
tered and come out. Farther up on the
trail the Indian's rifle, which was also
thrown away, w.as found. Constable
Dennis met an Indian doctor who had
attended to the wound of the outlaw, who
stated that it was not dangerous.
A Woman's Burden.
From the Evening News, Detroit, Mich.
The women of to-day are not as strong
as their grandmothers.
They are bearing a burden in silence
that grows heavier day by day; that is
sauoing their vitality, clouding their hap
piness, weighing them down with the woe
° f Mrs h A*exander ii. Clark of 417 Michigan
avenue Detroit, is a typical woman of to
day A wife with such ambition as only
a loving wife can have. But the Joys of
her life were marred by the existence of.
buffering as thousands of her sisters
have suffered, she almost despaired of
life and yet she was cured.
She wants others to profit by her experi
ence- to grow well; to enjoy health; to be
as happy as she is.
"For live years I suffered with ovarian
trouble " is'ft»rs. Clark's own version of
the story "I was not free one single day
from headache and irttense twitching
pains in my neck and shoulders
"For months at a time I would be con
fined to my bed."
"At times black spots would appear be
fore my eyes, and I would become blind.
My nerves were in such a state, that a
step on the floor unsettled me.
"Eminent doctors, skillful nurses, the
best food and medicine all failed. Then
I consented to an operation. That. too.
failed and tney said another was neces
sary After the second 1 was worse than
ever] and the world was darker than be
f°"ltf °"It was then I heard of Dr. Williams 1
Pink Pills for x'ale People.
"I heard that they had cured cases like
mine and I tried them.
"Tney cured me! They brought sun
shine to my lue and tilled my cup with
happiness. The headache is gone; the
twitching is gone; the nervousness is
Kone the trembling has ceased, and I
have' gained twenty-six pounds.
"Health and strength are mine, and I
am thankful to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pale People for the blessing."
Dr Williams' Pink Pills have, proved a
boon to womankind. Acting directly on
the blood and nerves, they restore the
requisite vitality to all parts of the body;
creating functional regularity and perfect
harmony throughout the nervous system.
The pallor of the cheeks is changed to
the delicate blush of health; the eyes
brighten; the muscles grow elastic: am
bition is created and good health returns.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . : ,
i '^^jk" A Winchester Repeating Rifle
y^^^^^^^^ is a great: law] in' itself. It will protect you and
/ifiHBBHfiLiLJ^ help fill your larder. Send name and address on
j?iflßp^|HßB |'m \ a postal card for 148-page illustrated catalogue.
WS^&^B Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
*j'j&Ur\]< s j£^ 418 Market Street, San Francisco, CaS.
They have visiting them at the Nelsons' a Mrs. Duckworth
from Kentucky, who used to be a great sufferer from constipation.
She says she used to suffer greatly with headache too, due, no doubt,
to indigestion and constipation, and tried every kind of remedy, but
could find no relief until she began using Tabules. The very
first Tabule gave relief, " and now," she says, " headache is a stranger."
The indigestion and constipation disappeared, and she never felt
better in her life than she does now. She considers Tabuies
the best medicine in the world. _^ ____———
KAILEOAD TBAVEL.'
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot. oS Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O,' 9.00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:».
820 6:10 8:30 p. m. ■ Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Baturdays— Extra trips at 1.-M
and 11:30 p. m; •'' ' ._. .^.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. »:»»,
600 6:20 p. m.
' SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60, 9:20. UjlO a. m.:
12-45 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
6&DA|J^:|^&. m ii:i<> a- m.: !:«. SO.
Between Sarf'Francisco and SchueUea Park
lime schedule as above. '-
' t-,™ _ . Arrive
Fan Francisco. , San Franclsoa
Sffl^ D - So ° s£lgg_ :
7:30 a.m. 18:00 a.m. j Novato, 110:40 a.m.' 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:80 a.m. Petalnma. i 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 15 :0 Up.m. I Santa Rosa. 7:30 p.m. ti:-Jp.m.
:80p.m. Fulton.
Windsor. 0:25 a.m.
7 .Mi.-:. Healdsburs,
Uvtton.
< Geyserville, . - ■
S:nm.m. 1 Clovprdale. ~ ••"'■" ■ • -»" -
1 jHoplauU and I •
7 :30a.m. 1 8 00a.m. i Uitiah- I 7:35 p.m. fi :22p.m.
7T3Oa.m. \~ 1 • 1 ' 10:35 a.m.
8:00 a.m.! Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
8:30 p.m. - ' • ■ '■ C :22p.m.
7 :BUa.m.''B :ooa.m. 6onoma |10:40 a.m. 8:10 a.m.
and
6:lop.m. T> :oop.m.. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 18:00 a.m. I bastCDO L , 1 10 :40 a.m. 1 10 :25 a.m.
3:3Op.nu|s:oUp.m.| =X-Oast«>OL^ [ 7;35 p. m .| 7;22p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Ukian for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's, Bucfc-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, HullvlU*. Boonville.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. ChronJclt
b A! d W g FOSTER. £ X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manasror. Oen. Pass. A«t- ...-.-
Ir^^t^B^s^ll CALIFORNIA
I KRM» I LIMITED.
PJißffl m\ SAN FRANCISCO
|HftT^!AMWi||-- CHICAGO.
"■: Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m. •,
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS;
Carries first-class passengers only, but wit*.
out extra charge. - , ' • ■
DINING CAR, V; "' '">)
BUFFET SMOKING CAR. '
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers.
S% days to Chicago, .4& days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p.' m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
! fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. >
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 641- Market
street. Chronicle building, - Telephone Mala
1620. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. San Jos*. 7, West
banta Clara strset. .: '■"■'■""'.' :" -'
NORTH PACIFIC - COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. .
From San Francisco, . Commencing September
: . -■;. 19, 1597. - .
WEEK DATS. .
For Mill Valley and .San Rafael— *7:2s, •9:30,
11:30 a. m. ; »1:45, 3:45, •5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra . trips  for San % Rafael on ■ Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. »
- : ..- . ■-, SUNDAYS. ■• ■ •;' :-
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— :oo. •10.00.
1 •11:30 a. m : '1:15, 3:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m. , ,
Trains marked- run to San Quentin. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a, m. week days for.Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed, train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.-
' Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
: (Via- Sausalito Ferry). - . - ..'
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13.' 1&97:->v - ■.:,:-., ,i«.:/ :;•• ..:-..:.. "- :,.y. '.
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. ■
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. - ■ - .
THOH. COOK & SON, Agents, 631 Uarktl
i street. Baa Francisco.
BAILEOAD TBAVEL.
MM lIUK.N I'ACI* IC COJIPA-VI.
(PAOIFIO SIKIEM.)
Train* I«»t« null m-« «lv« to nrrlT» at*
SAN FKANC !««■«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) ' .
tKAVE — From January 1. 1898. — AEMTI
"•O:UOa Niks, Sau Jose and Way Stations... •8:45 a
■ 7:OOa Ber.idu, Suisun nnd Sacramento. . . . iO:4ja
7:00 a Marjsvillo. OroTilloand Redding Tia
. i Woodland .....:..... 535 F
7:OOa Vacavillo r.nd Runsey 8:»ap
7:»o a Martinez, San Itamon. Vallejo. Kapa,
Calistoga and Santa Koaa 5 ,-
B>OOa Atlantic Express, Og.ien and East.. »:4.»p
>iX»A Kilos, San Jose, Ktocktou, ioue,
Sacramento, JlarysTlllc, Cilioo,
'Tehamaar.dlte.inin(T.. 4«J»f»
•«s3Oa Peters, Milton Oakdalo »<«S3*
»«»«a New Orleans Kxpcass, Merced. Ray-
mond, Fresno, Bakersiield. Santa
JJiu-liara. I.ob AllKele^ Deminjt,
Xl I'sjjo, New Orleans snd F.ast. ot4sp
9:00 a. Vallcjo. Martinez. . Meroed and
Fresno 12:13?
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stoituiers M»:OOp
l:OOr Ni!c-s, Han Jcso and Way Stations.. J»:I.Vv
I :3oi> Martirez and Way SUtious... »»■•*
Si:UOp Liverrnore, Met-dota. Ilanford and
Viaalia.. ••• 4sl 3- »
Ltferiaore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations :idl»\
■ «:*Oi- MartiiK-;., San lUinou, Vallejo.
Nai>a, Culistot'ii, El Verciiio aud
SuntaHosa •tI» i A
4t**r B«iicia, Vacaviile, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
- vlllo ami SnciMi.ioito !•:«*.
4iSOr Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. ~:1.'»?
■ 4:3«p Jj»thrt),i, Modesto, Merced, Berend»,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsborß), ■■■ <
Santa Barbara and !.<w Aunelcs.. 7:43*
4:* Of Santa Fu Itciile, Atliuilic Express
for Moj.'ivo a u<l K»st..., I 6545p
H3:3op " Sanso'. Limited." Los Angeles, El "..
Paso, Fort Worth, Little ltock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East § I ©:13a,
4T3:30p " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East §I0:ISa
O:O«p Rnrope«ii Malt, ogiirn and Host.'.'.. *i«4
GiOOi> lliiy\vnr»l». Nil.Bun.l S.:n .lose 7:45 a
;«:OO i- Vallejo 17:45r
SiOOpOrcßon iCxiireßS.Hncraniciito. Marys-,
villa." UciMi'ie. Portland. Titget
Sciui.l an.l Kiist 8:15 a.
SAN Lta.NIJUO AMI lIAVUAIUK LUOAiL ■■
(Foot of Market Street.) _
<»6iOOaT" '■ ( Il's*I 1 '5*
S:O«a Molrose. Seminary Park, 'TSjo
1O. ! OOa Fltelil.ur , Elnilmmt, 11M3*
<h':ooa San Lf-aiiilrit, South San 12;lj>r
* :<M> . S ! L«*n.lro, VM«<llllo f &13*
istVoor Lorenzo, Cherry ■ • I '* : 15 p
J:OOP ... -• . ta:43p
5.00P > - , ■»* - *•{»?
7:<»Op llaynard.i. g****
7:00p ' ?Si¥
*:««p i Huns through to Nile*. •. lo^iif. :
«:OOp iFromNUc '- tt?g. : ««l>
♦ tll:13p; ttlJ:OOf
—~" COAST lUVI»M>.N (Narrow (iauge).
;. (Foot of Market Street.)
»::iH\ NevTnrit,OenU-rvillo,.Siiii.l«iac,Foltmi,
Bo«tdrrCreek,.SuutaCruzand Way
Statioim. ..'..: *..'..• ••■•it
•SilSp Newark. CenUrville, Sau .lose, New
Aiiiiailon, I'iHdti, UouKler Crook.
' *• Santa Crn» ami .Principal Way -
: . ' SUUpns. 'IJiBO*
' 4il3r Newark. Sun .I«>bo ami Los Gatos ... BiSOa.
tll»4spUnnters' Excursion. Saa Jose and
'  ■ Way Stations ••-• \*:lO\>
-'' CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnm SiR mHCISCO— tooI er Utrlcet Streat (Slip 8)—
' *7:15 • U:00 11:00 a.m.. «l:03 *3:00 t3:09
•4:00 ; t5:30 •6:00r.M.
fr»mOilUSD— Foot of Braid w»y.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00*. H.
tl2:00 *l:00 42:00 : - '3:00 |1:JO *BiQOr.M.
COAST IM VISION (Broad (iauge).
(Third and Townsend St 3.)
«issA«an Jose in«l Way Stations (New *
Aluindcn Wednesdays 0n1y)....... •»•»*
9:OOa Han Oofm, Tres Piiios, S»nta Cm/.,
Pacllic Orove. l'aso Koblea, San
Luis <)l>l8i«>, Uuadalupe, Surf »ml
.Principal Way Statinus .l :1 ?
I«:4Oa .San .losouua Wny Stations..,. "f : 2? A
I1:::i»a San Jc.so an.l W»y .Stations Bt33A,
•3:3«»i'Bhi) Mill 11. Redwood, Mculo Park,
Santa. Clara, San .lose. Gilr:>y.
• Hollister, Santa (.'in/., Salinas.
Blontcrey ami racilic Crovu «lOt4«*
•B:13i- San .logo and Principal Wny Stations •<.>:«»«*
•4tl3pSanJoseaml Principal Way Stations •:«»
•5:OOp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations l;3Op
5:30p San Jose an.l Principal Way SUtious a:««p ■
• Sai>. Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... •J:«<>r
1ll:43r San ' Jose ami Way Stations ....... <;«UP
-■" . A for Morning. - P for Afternoon. : '
• SuiidatH excelled, t Sundays ouly. 1 Saturdays only.
ft Monday, Thursday nod Saiur<lay uighta oulj.
«1 Mondays and Thursdays. -.•-•■- ,\\- „
_ . (Wednesdays and Saturdays. .„„.-■'- ....■•■
THE SAN FRANCISCO &.SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1837, trains will run m
follows: ;:-,; ; '•■■■ ■■ ■•■-•-■ '■■ ■: ' - '■■ ___] --■--■;
Southbound. I- '.'■<' | Northbound.
I !—:! — : __ i
Passen- Mixed •f st 3 Mixed i'assa*'
, get Sunday Ist3UOnBI st3UOn8 - Sunday ■ gee •
: Dally. '_ Exc'p'td— — — — . Kxc'ptd Dally
7 -30 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton B:*s p.m. - 5:10 p.m.
B:l0 a.m. 12:30 p.m. . Merced . 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m. -
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:dO:i.ni. ;; 2:20 p.iu
11:40 a.m. '5:20 p.m. Hanford '"•■. M a.m. - 1:15 p.ia
12:15 p.m. . 0:45 p.m. Vlsaila 6:40 a.m. 12:10 p.m"
• Stopping at Intermediate po lnts wnen require!
Connections— At Stockton ■ with steamboats at
;C.; C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San. Francisco » and*
Stockton :at~> 6 ' p. V in. < daily: -at - Merced with
stages to and from Bnelltngs, Coultervllle. etc. ;:
also - with : stage I tor . Hornitos, : Mariposa. etc. ;
at Laitftcrablm with itaso to and from Maders*
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver continues to advance.
Wheat futures lower.
Barley firm, but unsettled.
Oats firm. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay still pointing upward. Feedstuffa vi
changed.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Rice firm.
Coal unchanged.
Potatoes doing better. Onions steady.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter and Errs unchanged. Cheese , lower.
Poultry depressed. Game out. . •, -
Fresh Fruits about the same.
Prunes lower ami dull. *
Provisions inactive.
Dry Hides lower.
Wool and Hops unchanged.
Mutton and Lamb lower. Hogs easy.
Beef, steady.
Sugar marked down.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fle
nree at :tatlon lndfc:.:e maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted enow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours.
leobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usurlly accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
rure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
End south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a ••high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
n?'ith Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, March 11. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past :
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to {
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eur.-ka 0 28.83 41.28
Red Bluff Cl 11.07 22.53
Sacramento 0 8.55 1r>.37
Ban Francisco 0 7.45 20. 6S
FVeSbo 0 3.48 9.25
Ban Luis Ob'.spo 0 5 27 19.74
Los Angeles 0 4. 50 16.08
San Diego 0.02 3.66 10.91
Tumi 0.28 1.65 5.31
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 74;
minimum. 56; mean, 65.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
F< (RECASTS.
The pressure has risen over Southern Cali
fornia and Arizona in the wake of the Btorm.
It has fallen rapidly over the Upper Missouri
Valley.
The temperature has risen from 12 to 16 de
grees over Nevada and the Sacramento Valley.
It has also risen over Southern California.
Rain has fallen in Arizona.
The following maximum wind velocities are
re] rted: Eureka, 30 miles from the north
west; Yuma, 30, north; Idaho Falls, 28, south
west.
1 :•«■ casts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March 12. IS9S:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds; probably fog in the morning
off the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather.
Arizona— Showers early Saturday morning In
eastern portion; fair Saturday; warmer east.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light northerly changing to westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at o l>. m. — Clear; wind north. 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 63; maximum, 69.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 11.— There was a brief I
show of strength by some stocks in the early
trading this morning, prices having been ad
vanced In the London Exchange above the New
York parity of last night. The advance did
■ not reach the London level, so that, there was
considerable arbitrage buying for London ac
count. There was some buying orders also
which were executed through the channel usu
ally employed by Washington operations. This |
buying soon came to an end and gave color j
to the supposition that the orders were merely j
placed for effect. ,The whole list soon yielded
to depression and the decline was only occa- |
sionally arrested by unimportant rallies during
the rest of the day. The strength displayed by j
American securities in the early dealings in j
London was in strong contrast to the weakness j
of Spanish- Government bonds, which wero *
poorly supplied either in London or Paris. The
only rational explanation that seems available j
■ for this movement Is that London felt that
there was a prospect of avoiding hostilities be
tween the United States and Spain and was
alarmed by the Spanish Government's acute
financial straits. Sentiment on the local ex- |
change with regard to values was not in ac
cord with that of London, as is shown by the
day's declines, which run between 1 and 3
points all through the list, and over that in
exceptional cases. The fall of prices was at
no time violent, but the offerings of securities
were constant and there was no support ap
parent at any point in the list. The extraor
dinary weakness of exchange made It possible
16-day for the great importers to withdraw
gold from the Hank of England In spite of the
virtual premium asked by that Institution.
The demand In Paris ' for gold was reflected
. also by- the -stiffening 1 , of the discount rate in i
Paris. Yesterday's late decline in local- money I
in banks proved to have be*n manipulated, and j
the rate steadied to -I : i per cent again to-day.
The local banks continue to lose money to the '
Interior, and how far this movement Is offset !
by the receipts of imported gold was not defi
nitely known. The decline to-day In the ex
] changes of the New York Clearing-house banks
to less than $109,000,000 indicates the decreased j
use of money. The banks are contracting !
their loans, but quite the large part of this |
contraction goes to release sterling exchange j
■which was used as collateral and which is be
ins liquidated for the importation of KOld.
The weakness in the bond market to-day was
.rather more marked than hitherto, but busi
ness was not of a large scale. Total sales, i
220, 000. -United States new 4's are 1 per cent I
lower, the old 4's coupon % per cent and do i
registered V* per cent lower bid.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 355.000
shares. Including: Atehlson preferred. £550;
Burlington, 40.018; Louisville and Nashville
9070; Manhattan. 19.820: Metropolitan. 672.V '
Reading- preferred. 3890; Mlsscuir Pacific, 1306;
M. K. and T. preferred. .4650: New York Cen- I
tral. 7830; North American. 2640: Northern Pa- '
cific, -7520; do preferred, 19,250: Reading, 3650"
Rock Island. 15.500; St. Paul. 42.3.",7: Union Pa
cific. 7720; American Tobacco, 17.150; People's
Gas, 13,350; American Sugar, £5.550; ■ Leather
preferred, 3520; Western Union. 6720.
. ... - CLOSING STOCKS. -
Atehlson '.'. .10% St P & Om I; -67%
Do pref 24% Do pref ...150
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St PM & M...... 123
• Canada Pacific ... SC'H So Pacific IS%
Canada Southern. 46V4 So Railway ....... 7V.
Cent Pacific . ll'i Do pref ...: '25%
Ches & Ohio .... ' IS%l Texas & Pacific , 9Vi
Chi & A1t0n...... 150 (Union Pacific ... 25>4
Chi P. & Q.. 8!' 121 2 U P D.& 0...... 7
Chi & X 111 ... 52 IWnbaeh 6»4
C C C & St L..\. 27% ; • Do pref tSV,
Do pref -..- .75 Wheel & L E.... 1*»
; Del & Hudson.... 107% i Do pref -. ... 9%
Del L A W 150 I Express Companies —
Den & R G...... 11 | Adams Ex ....... 102
Do pref ........ 43%|Amercan Ex .... 120
Erie (new) ........ 12*,! United States ... 40 :
Do Ist pref .... 34%! Wells Fargo ..... 110
Ft Wayne ....... 166 j Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref ..... 150 |Ai Cot Oil 16
Hooking Val .... 6 | Do pref . 68
I Illinois' Cent .... 9«Vi Amn Spirits ••
I Lake Erie & W... 13% Do prof Is
Do pref .." 66 Am Tobacco 93
Lake Shore ...... IST ■ Do pref 113
i Louis & Nash.... 45% People's Gas .... »J4
| Manhattan L .... 98 i Cons Gas... 1.9%
Met Sflty\.:... 135% Com Cable C 0.... 190
Mich Cent 101% Col' F & 1r0n.... IS
Minn & St- L...... 23% Do pref ........ 78
Do Ist pref .... SO j Gen Electric .... 31 V*
Mo. Pacific 24% Illinois Steel .... 45
Mobile &■ Ohio ... 26 ' I.*clede Gas 41
Mo X & T 10% Lead . 29
-Do pref ......... 80% | L»o pref "1027s
Chl-Ind & L....:. 7' 4 Nat Lin Oil 15
.Do pref 85 . jOr Imp Co ........ 2»%
N J Central ...... So>4 'I'aclflc Mail 23
N V Central .... 110-» Pullman Pal 171 :
N T Chi ■& St L.. 12% silver Cert 54^
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T.... %
Do 2d pref .... 2&Vz Siißar, 122%
Nor West 12- Do pref ..11l
No Amer Co .... '6'i T C & Iron ...... 18%
No Pacific ..• 20"i t" S Leather .... 5%
Do pref . PS;» Do pref ;....... 69
Ontario & W 14% U s Rubber 15%
Or it & .Vav .... 44 > Do .pref ......... 62%
Or Short Line .. is-... ! West' Union S5
Pittsburgh.. 16S Chi & X W...... 117
Reading .......... IMI Do pref 173\4
Do Ist pref .... 3>% |St L &- S W .■ 4
nock Island 82>i Do . pref '■•-.J^
St L & S F 6% R G W 23
\& Ist pref I$S Do G pr ::-:::: "m
tv> 2d pref .... C 4% Chi G YT 9%
St Paul 89% I Haw Com Co 291£
Do pref 144% . i '
CLOSING BONDS.
US new 4s reg..' 122% iN J C 5s 112%
Do coup ...-. 122% ' N Carolina — 125
US 4s 110V4 1 Do 4s 103
Do coup ...• 111% No lsts 115%
Do 2ds 98% Do 3s 59
V S 5s reg 111%' Do 4s 93%
Do 5s coup .:... 111% N V C & S L 4s. 105
Dlst 3.658 117 Nor & W 6s 125
Ala ' class A 108% ! Northwstrn cons. 144
Do B 105 ! Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 109 O Nay lsts ...... 113
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay 4s 94
Atchieon 4s S!)% O S Line 6s tr.... 120%
Do adj 4s 56% O S Line 5a tr 100
Can So 2ds 10«>4 O Imp lsta tr 105
Chi Term 4s 83 Do 5s tr 53%
C & Ohio Ss .... 113% Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104% I Reading 4s 81 M
D & R ii lsts 110 R G W lsts .... SO
D & R G 4s SO IS L & I M C 55.. 89
East Term lsts.. 106 jS L & S F G 65.. 119
Erie Gen 4s .... 69*4 |St P Con HI
FW & D lsts tr. 69 St PC & P lsts.. IIS
Gen Kleo 5s ...... 101% Do 5s 115 Vi
GH& 3 A 63.... 109 So Ry S9
Do 2ds 104 i Stand R & T 6s. 56
H & T C 5s 109 [Term new set 3s. 90
Do con 6s 104 T & P L G lsts.. 97
lowa C lsts 100 Do Rg Ms .... 31%
Kan P Con tr .. 100 UPD & G lsts.. 53
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131>*jWab Ist os 105%
La new cons 45.. 100 ] Do 2ds 75%
L & N Unl 4s .... 86% W Shore. 4s 109%
Missouri 6s- 100 IVa Centuries 6S
M X & T 2d5.... .'9 j Do deferred ... 4
Do 43 86% U P pref 49
N V Central lsts. 116% Do 4s 90%
% ; MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ' 30 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 20 Ophir 40
Con Cal & Va.... 70 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 15 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 40 ; Sierra Nevada 90
I Homestake 37 00 1 Standard 149
I Iron Silver 40 1 Union Con 30
| Mexican 25 ' Yellow Jacket .. 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON. • March 11— Atchlnon. 10%; Bell
; Telephone, 245; Burlington, 89%; Mexican Cen-
I tral. 5%; Oregon Short Line. 29%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. March 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
NEW YORK. March 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25,574 barrels; exports, 7261 barrels. Weak and
slightly lower, affected by the decline In
Wheat. Minnesota patents. $5 25(^5 50; winter
patents, $4 90(§>5 f-0; winter straits. $4 SOfcjH 65.
WHEAT— Receipts. 62,570 bushels. Spot weak;
No. 2 red, $1 05% f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Op
tions opened easy on cable news, rallied
slightly on covering and. then collapsed in re
sponse to a raid by a prominent Chicago ele
vator man and the bear crowd generally. Bulls
were utterly routed : and made no attempt to
ward a recovery all day. Prices closed IH<3>
l* 4 c net lower. Heavy liquidation was a fea
: ture. No. 2 red March. $1 03 v». closed $1 03 7 /i;
May, S2>%c@sl 00 7-16. closed 9S%c.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM—
METALS— The market for Metals continues
; in a more or less - unsettled condition, with
' Lead and Iron showing positive weakness. At
the close to-day the Metal Exchange called :
PlGlßON— Warrants i easier, with $6 70 bid
and $6 80 asked. ■ . . •
LAKE COPPER— -and unchanged, with
: $11 87 1 * hid and Sl2 asked.
TlN— Quiet, with $14 25 bid and $14 40 asked.
SPELTER— with $4 17& bid and
$4 22 '-i asked.
LEAD— Weak, with $3 70 bid and $3 75 asked.
The firm that fixes . the settling: price* for
miners and smelters quotes Lead at $3 60.
COFFEE— closed steady, olQls points
net lower. Sales, 17,750 bags, including March.
$5 15f5 20; May, $5 25*35 30. Spot Coffee— Rio.
weak; No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6»%c;
mild.. dull but steady: Cordova, S\i<&!«e.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair < refining, 3%c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4%c: refined, quiet. •
BUTTER— Receipts. 2825 packages. Steady:
Western creamery, 15@20c; Elgins, 20c; fac
tO EGGS— Receipts. 9011 packages. Firm; West-
EGGS— Receipts, SOU packages. Firm; West
ern, 101ic; Southern. 10\'j|llc\
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. March ' California dried
fruits— quiet and other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED- APPLES— Common. s©Sc;
prime wire tray. 8%«?8%c: wood dried, prime.
SMt«J'S%c; choice. B?i@9c; fancy. B%@loc.
PPUNES— -.. "•'Tv-eVli.
APRICOTS— Royal, . 5%@7c; Moorpark, SMs@
1 PEACHES— Unpeeled. s®9c; peeled, 12@16c
PEACHES— Unpeeled. Sfg^c: peeled, 12©16 c.
LONDON MARKTS.
NEW YORK, March 11.— The Evening Pout's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened better to-day, then be
came flat on further liquidations, but recov
ered later and closed steady to firm. One small
failure was announced. Brazils remained flat
on a rumored issue of paper money by the
Government. Spanish securities were also
heavily sold on a talk of reduction of interest.
Americans were the weakest market, closing
flat This was partly due to further liquida
tions by weak men. helped by rumors after
business hours that the United States was
about to declare the Independence of Cuba.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific. 84H; Grand Trunk. 8. Bar
silver, weak, 25 3-16 d per ounce. Money, 2%
per cent.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
5 CHICAGO, March 11.— The start in wheat
was quite firm, July opening He higher at 90%
(&.00%c, and May %c higher at $1 04' V There
' was considerable falling off In the volume of
! Argentine shipments, and this was apparently
! the only reason for the slight advance. No
; great amount of wheat was offering and very
j little demand. existed for the. first few minutes
j and the market remained about at a. standstill
for . that time. Then it commenced to drop,
slowly at first, under statistical news. Liver
pool receipts for the last three days were slight
! ly. in excess of, normal requirements. The most
disturbing element was the big addition to the
stock of contract wheat' here. Chicago receipts
were 67 cars to-day, 19 of which were of con
i tract quality. Besides this, 64 cars and 16,000
bushels Northern were transferred from un
licensed houses. The continuance of the heavy
contract receipts from irregular sources began
to have effect on traders and the unusual heav
iness of to-day's- receipts resulted In an al
most total wlthdrawel of" support shortly after
the opening. Prices .in ; consequence . began
gradually to decline. No very great selling
pressure : was put on the market, however. un
til the price had got to about 89)(C. Lelter
brokers were as usual giving support to May,
bidding $104. Then apparently an organized
raid was" made on May. Influential houses
! came Into the market with heavy offerings of
i May. offering to sell it -at $1 u%? 4 and at even
| $1 03*4. • but barred ■ Leiter's ■ brokers from pur
i chasing. at those figures. This created a great
: deal of excitement among traders, as it was
' believed an . attempt .was being, made to get
the market . beyond the control of the bull
leaders, and a small-sized panic in July ensued
almost immediately. ' Offerings fairly ' poured
i Into the ■■ market, and inside of ten minutes
I another cent had been lopped oft the price. In
j the meantime 'Leiter's brokers were taking
i everything offered to them in May. though be
) Ing forced to pay $1 04 for It. It was also known
that Lelter had promptly met calls for heavy
margins which had been made on him by the
bear contingent and had retaliated - in kind.
' Not untH his representatives had absorbed
j something like a million bushels of May did the
: market quiet down. Then a sharp reaction
took placed in : July, .the' price rallying from
88Vic, to which point It had slumped, to 89V4c.
There was quite heavy covering 'by professional
shorts on this decline. About Boon loiter ap
] parently changed his brokers and succeeded in
, getting a good deal of wheat at below $1 04.
i The readiness with which everything was taken
also resulted In a marked falling off of the
offerings and- the price was steadily held at
$1 04. where it closed* July showed a great
deal of . nervousness for the session, but did
not move j very far ■ either way from .S9c until
near : the close, when renewed selling was
started by "the millers," who were afraid of
margin I calls,' and the price declined I raplt l^ ■
again. At the close BS',4SBS%c was being. biJ
for.it. ' ■■ : ■ ■ " •
There was a rather light trade In corn, but
the market was comparatively steady. May
closed lower. -. ■!- • • - ; '
The market for oats was very dull. May
closed \4c lower. . ... . . . . . ... ■ ..
Provisions were easy, reflecting the break In
wheat. The close was easy at about bottom
I figures. May pork 7 i ,&c lower and May lard
I and ribs > 2 l *c lower. ■ • .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— S ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— -
March :...../.. ../...■;. ...... l 02&
. ... . :';... . - .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MABCH 12, 1898.
May 104% 1 04% 1 03«4 104
July 90% 9U7» KByt BS%
May™..'. ."'... ~...- 30% .*% SOVi 30Vi j
July ............. 31,4 »* 31% . 31% |
September ...... '• 32 3234 32% 52% |
liay' S .. A "-""- ■ 27% 27% 26% 26* j
July 24% 24% 24% 24%
.■.-> ±'oik, per bbl - !
May- :.10 30. 10 35 10 17% 10 20
July .....10 32% .10 32% 10 88 10 IS
May . ?!?].. ?T.*^«rJß .5 25 520 520 . j
juiy o •>-% uA* i> -<% -j -■-'
snort Kibs, per lf;0 ids—
May ..5 15 515 ,5 10 5 12%
July ..5' 22*4' 5 22% sla 3 17% 1
Cash quotations were as follows:
' No. 2 spring, wheat. 92(<? 94c ; No. . 3 spring 1
wheat, 94& Six;; No. 2 red. $1 02(&i OS%: No. 2
corn, 29Ui<29%c; No. 2 oats.. 26% c; No. 2 white, |
t.0.b., 3uvi-4(Slc; No. '4 wnite. 1.0.b., 25%*p29%c;
No. 2 rye, 49V*c; No. 2 'barley, f.0.b., 34©44 c;
NO. 1 tlstXMeea, »1 IS; prime timothy seed. Vi SO; j
mess pork, per bbl, >lv 15(glu 10; lard, per 100
lbs, $5 15585 17%; short ribs sines (loose.i, toil'
5 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed), i* ■ 75yi;
short clear sides (boxed). $5 304?5 45; whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1- lb%.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. |
Flour7~bbis.....:. 20.000 40,0000 |
Wheat, bu hl.ooO • 62.000 j
Corn, bu... ....335,000 152.000
Oots. bu... '. 297, 360,000
Rye, bu... 10,u00 i. 000
iiariey ou 4o,uju 7u,(AW .
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13#19c; dairies,
Il<&il7c. Cheebe, quiet, S@B^4c. Eggs, steady,
fresh, 10c. ; '
- • WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— . . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 235.280 46.150 j
Duluth 31,745 20.330
Milwaukee •••• 35,100 L 950 !
Chicago ..::.::.:.. wuos 68 - 25S !
Toledo ».•. 22.679 4,800 i
St. Louis 17,000 11,000 j
Detroit 20,441 11.827
Kansas City • 30.000 51.000
Totals <"2,553 209,315
' Tidewater — -
Boston 1.632
New York 62.725
Philadelphia 6.994 27.715
Baltimore 29.803 9a.560 ;
New Orleans I
Totals 91,154
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— " v March. May.
Opening 6195 5950
Closing -62 20 59 60 ;
Flour — ■ v " ■;
Opening > 28 70 • 27 60 !
Closing M 80 27 75 1
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March. May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 101* 75% 7 2 68% 67%
Closing 7 10% 7j»4__7 1% 67% 66%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET..
CHICAGO. March 11. — Cattle were !
steady. Most of the steers went at $4 50® 1
5 05, ' commoner grades bringing $3 75@4 45. j
Few calves were offered and prices were un- j
changed. ' -: ; 'AY .' ■
HOGS— Fat hogs sold in good demand. Sales
of heavy hogs, $3 75@4 10; butcher weights,
13 75@4 02%. and light hogs, »3 70@3 92%; bulk,
$3 8504; pigs. $3 @ 3 85.
SHEEP— in sheep and lambs was ac
tive. Poorest sheep. $3<6t3 50; best, »4 6O<§>4 70;
fed Westerns. $4 <3 4 60; yearlings. $4 50@ ;
5- lambs, *4 25@5 50, few going below $5.
Receipts— Cattle, 3500; hogs, 15,000; sheep, j
6000.
KANSAS CITY. . ■
KANSAS CITY. March 11.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts official, 3000 head. Heavy weight
dressed beef cattle strong, $4 65@5 10; heavy
shipping grades, .$5 40; cows and heifers,
strong, choice natives up to $4 45: Westerns,
$4 20' Western fed steers active. $4@4 75; stock
ers and feeders, $S 75@5 25; bulls and mixed,
HOGS— Receipts, official. 9200. Bulk of sales.
$3 76«?3 90: heavies, $3 75<£4; packers, $3 70®
8 95: mixed, $3 65@3 90: lights. S3 50@3 70; york
ers, $3 65(g3 70; pigs. $3 25<g3 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 3700 head. Market
active, steady. Common to mixed yearlings,
$3 60@4 65; lambs, common .to fair, $4 86®
5 17H
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 11— CATTLE— 2500.
Market steady to 10c lower; native beef steers,
$3 SCK34 90: Western steers, $3 60<g4 60: Texas
steers, $3 10<53 85: cows and heifers, -$3©4 10;
canners. $2@2 90: stockers and feeders, $3 75®
t 85; calves, *4@6 50; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 60@
3 75
Receipts, 6000. Market steady.
Heavy. $3 75^3 85; mixed, $3 80; light, $3 75®
% 85; bulk of sales. $3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1900. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives, $3 Ss@4 75; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 ISO'S* 50; common and stock sheep,
$3Cg3 90; lambs, $4 25(^5 20.
DENVER.
DENVER. March 11.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
200 Market stronger and shade higher. Beef
' steers $3 8C1?4 40; cows. $3 HO4; feeders, $3 90
iW4 40; stockers, $4 40fJ?4 65; bulls and stags,
$2 2553 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market steady to firm;
bulk of sales. $3 R5; light packers. $3 80@3 90;
mixed $3 75@3 K0: heavy, $3 70^3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1300. Market, steady,
ewes $3 26rfi4; wethers, $3 90® 4 35; lambs, $4 50
<&5 20. #
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, March 11.— The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow of the wool mar
ket:
The war scare has completely knocked the
life out of the wool market. The cancellation
of orders for goods is a depressing feature.
Statistically wool was never stronger, and for
eign markets are advancing, but here all mer
chants are sailing near the shore, keeping a
full balance of cash on hand.
The settlement of the war scare will prob
ably result in better business. The sales of the
week are' 1 119,000 pounds of domestic and
380 000 pounds' of foreign, against 1,974.000
pounds domestic and 492.000 pounds foreign last
week and 4.155.000 pounds domestic and 2,..47.
000 pound* foreign for the same week last year.
The sales to date show a decrease of 20.
9*7 000 pounds domestic and 17,178,000 pounds
foreign from the sales to the same date in
1897
The receipts to date show a decrease of 21,
610 bales domestic and 57,171 bales foreign.
FOREIGN - MARKETS.
LONDON. March 11.— Consols. 111%: silver.
25 3-16 d; French rentes, 104f 7^c.
LIVERPOOL. March 11.— Wheat, steady: No.
1 standard California wheat, 33s 6d; cargoes
off coast, less active: cargoes on passage, easy
for white, quiet for red; English country mar
kets dull: French country markets, steady;
wheat in Paris, quiet: Hour In Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3?4d.
CLOSE, i
CORN— Futures, quiet; March, 3s 4%d; May,
3s 3%d. .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
■ PORTLAND, Or.. March 11.— The slump In
I the wheat market in the early part of the day
had no apparent effect on values in this
city exporters being governed entirely by
their immediate needs:' We to 76c was about
the top figure for Walla Walla, and 7Sc was
paid' for blue stem and valley.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. March 11.— Wheat was
lower, with downward tendency. No. 1 club.
73(g74c; No. 1 blue stem, 76@77c.
* PORTLAND BUSINESS.
•PORTLAND. Or.. March 11.— Exchanges,
$235,623; balances, $36,834. ■ ,v= :
CASH IN THE TREASURY. <
WASHINGTON, March 11. — To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available ' cash balance, $225,103,381; gold re
serve, $163,274,005. -- - ■
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, March 11.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say in its Issue
jof to-morrow: It Is most gratifying that no
i Industry or branch of business shows no re
| striction or hindrance, but some have been
i rapidly gaining for the past week and month.
The. railways are gaining even while specula
tors are selling' their stocks, and the demand
j for products for all the great industries' is in
creasing. • More , gold ■Is coming from Europe
I than Is needed. Jj0,868.000 having been ordered
I during the past week, and money markets are
i nowhere alarmed or "stringent, though rea
j sonably more cautious. The country rests
: assured that I its J industries, almost all of its
' business, the* foreign demand for its products
'< especially and all its resources are beyond the
reach of any foreign power, and that its honor
and foreign Interes"- are in safe hands.
i The greatest of all industries Is sending grain
I forward as it there were no limit to the sup
! ply - Wheat exports have been 4.171,437 bush
' els" flour included, 4 against 1.268,171 bushels
! last year from Atlantic and Pacific ports, and
1 for two weeks. 7.462.730 bushels against 3.016.
■ 748 bushels last year. Exports of corn, in spite
i of a smaller yield, have been 7,706.494 bushels,
' in two ■ weeks, , against - !».3JC.6S'J . last year,
i when they surpassed all records; wheat de
clined 2',s cents, but corn did not change dur
' ing the week.
; Cotton declined an eighth, ■ selling off fer
| tilizers indicating less reduction of acreage this
1 year : than was expected. Exports of princi
pal products in February ; were • $61,434,091 - in
1 value, : with increase over : last year of about
&0 per cent In breadstuff : : in ■ cotton 25 per
,i . cent, and 25 per cent In the aggregate. The
: weekly output of , pigiron 228,280 tons February
1 but 330,128 March 1, and. the Increase of un
sold stocks in February ' was only. SSOO : tons
weekly, leaving 225.532 tons weekly for ex
ports or consumption, against 218,457 in Janu
i ary, and 213.249 in November, 1895. the month
of greatest consumption before .this year. For
j four : months ■ production has ■ gained a little.
i but ■ consumption still . more, \ and ■ if prepara-
I tions for war last only a few weeks, they- will
add much to the demand. Other consumption
i far . railroad cars, for i vessels on theKlon-;
j dike, for elevators and oil pipe Hues, for agri
cultural Implement works and ; for sheets. is
! beyond, precedent.' and structural and rail
\ works are crowded with orders, though .; now
; receiving few.. Iron bar works are depressing
j prices, because some • are not- fully employed,
1 while the steel bar mills at Milwaukee have to
1 put on three .'eight-hour turns .daily : to keep
:up with orders. Prices are very strong, ex
cept for wire nails, . which^dropped because
the . great wire combination-- fell through,
though the smaller agreement ts expected, and
: In some Western dispatches is said to have
i been formed.:, - . ■ • , • r ■'
The minor metals are generally strong in de
; mand, . a sale of 4,000.000 pounds of copper be
! ing reported at 12 cents, > though the usual
I quotation Is 11. -cents • and' the product last
j year was 305.201 tons,' against 219.970 con
1 sumed in this country- Tin is strong at. 14.
1 cents . and spelter at 4.2 cents, but load is
i weaker at $3 77%, and tin plates $2 S3 for the
best, against 144 for foreign. .
Sales of wool for this week have been the
smallest since the week of great alarm, in ■
August. 189 G. but not because, any mills have
j stopped work. Cancellations are frequent, and
jobbers have evidently failed to sell as much
as they expected at the advanced prices asked,
but even those' would not be possible had wool
: cost millers' current market prices. Little
: wool can be moved with a new clip near and
: heavy stocks still In mills without further re
ductions. Goods are now lower In qualities
i less well known/though unchanged on stand
ard grades. Cotton goods have the large dis
! tribution and prices are generally steady,
though in outside dealings print cloths are a
shade, lower. Prints are In "better demand.
Failures for the week have been 248 In the
1 United States against 256 last year, anti 36 in
I Canada against 61 last year. "; ;..>-,
REVIEW OF THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March Bradstreet's review
of ' the ' stock market to-morrow will say:
Speculation is nervous and very sensitive to
the influence arising in connection with the
Cuban situation and our relations with Spain.
j The market is in the hands of professional
■ operators and the public is doing little or noth-
J ing. In fact, the liquidation of the last fort
; night has been very severe and there. is a dis
i position on all sides to wait developments.
I After a lower market on Saturday, the week
began with a violent break In the first quarter
of an hour on Monday, due to the report that
i Spain had demanded the withdrawal of our
J Consul-General at Havana and also to the
I weakness of the whole London market on the
! news of Russia's aggressive attitude in China
! and the unfavorable attitude of the London
' press. The decision by the Supreme Court of
the Nebraska maximum rate case in favor of
the railroads had comparatively little effect.
In fact, throughout the week the influence of
the far Eastern question in London was re
! fleeted here and aided in unsettling speculative
' feeling and increasing additional caution.
Prices steadied quickly on Monday, but failed
to regain their declines, and " the trading de
| generated Into a dull, professional affair. On
I Tuesday there was generally, though not very
I large recovery, due principally to the prompt
and unanimous passage of the $50,000,000 de
fense appropriation by the House of Repre
sentatives and the more pacific attitude Bpaln
was alleged to have assumed. Irregularity fol
lowed on Wednesday, an advance on the ready
acquiescence of the Senate In the action of the
House being lost later in the day on reports
! that the administration contemplated action
! which would brine on a crisis In regard to
! Cuba. On Thursday the market was dull and
j weak In sympathy with the unsettled foreign
i markets and vague rumors about the inten
tions of the President and the possibility of an
unfavorable report on the Maine disaster.
BRADSTREETS REVIEW.
NEW YORK, March 11.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will say: Continued activity in nearly
all lines of distributive trade, but more par
ticularly at the larger cities of. the West,
South and the far Northwest, . continues to be
the . most • favorable feature coming? under no
tice. That the demand for dry goods, groceries,
hardware, iron and steel in its various forms,
and building material,' is relatively most active
at the West, seems evident from the slight
tone of disappointment in reports from leading
Eastern markets, where business Is reported
moving less rapidly than at. the interior. ■ Other
favorable, features include the heavier foreign
demand for wheat and flour, as Indicated by
increased exports over last week and last year,
and bank clearings heavily exceeding corres
ponding periods of previous years, though,
smaller than in recent weeks.- Less favorable
features are few. numbering chiefly a. weaker
tone in prices of a few staples hitherto marked
by extreme firmness, but openly perceptible in
quotations for some makes of- coarse cotton
goods, print cloths, raw wool, the demand for
which is reported slower than any, previous
time this year; wheat, which has been affect
ed by war rumors, and the growth of the Im
pression- that the world's wheat supplies at
present prices" will suffice, coffee and sugar.
The volume of business In the Iron and steel
trade is reported very large, with relatively
best reports coming from the West. : Plgiron
production shows a further gain and stocks
slight Increase. Large sales of copper are a
feature and prices are reported higher for the
week, as are also the quotations for Indian
corn and wheat flour The Industrial situation
seems likely to be Improved by the ending of
the New England cotton mill strikes.
Business is generally active at the West.
Southern ami Southwestern buyers are more
active at St. Louis. Kansas City packing
houses report the demand one-third larger than
last year. A perceptible Improvement In dis
tribution is noted in Chicago In many lines of
trade.. An order for 10,000 tons of steel rails is
a feature of the week's business at /that cen
ter. Trade is of satisfactory. volume at the
Northwest.
Export business in flour and wheat from the
Pacific Coast shows a considerable gain. Boat
building Is active on Alaskan account. A good
business Is doing at the South.
Business failures In the United States this
week number 247. against 232 last week, 227 In
the corresponding week of 18S7, 257 in 1596, 262
in 1895 and 231 In 1894. -
Business failures In the Canadian Dominion
this week number 31. against 27 last week, ."4
In 1897 and 68 in 1896. ! .
Larger wheat and flour, but smaller corn
shipments are a feature of : export trade this
week. The total exports of wheat (Hour In- \
eluded) from the United States and Canada this ;
week aggregated 4,484,761 bushels, against 3,- '
232,530 bushels last week, 1,699*482 bushels in j
1596, 2.791. H0 bushels in 1895. and 3.258,950 bush
els in 1894. Corn exports are smaller, amount-
Ing to only 3,285,058- bushels, against 5,504,000 j
bushels last week.
BANK CLEARINGS.
The following table, compiled. by Bradstreet,
shows the bank clearings at eighty-eight cities ;
for the week ended March 10, - with the per
centage of increase and ■ decrease, as com- r
pared with the corresponding week last year:
;,/ir'.' «i- Percentage
Inc. Dec.
New York $780,205,254 45.7 ....
Boston 105.326,661 20.7 ....
Chicago 97.680.201- 29.5
Philadelphia 6f5.3i>6.793 31.7
St. Louis 2K,051,053 16.9 .... >
Pittsburgh 17,967.962 41.1 I
Baltimore 15,977,536 21.2 .... !
San Francisco 15.683,055 46.0 ....
Cincinnati 11,902.200 v.4 — i
Kansas City 11.533.755 10.4 ;
New Orleans 10.497,007. 9.6 .... I
Minneapolis 6.725>69 16.3 !
Detroit 6.801,075 20.3 —
Cleveland 7.163,524 30.9
Louisville 7.393.543 44.6
Providence 4.938,200 10.5
Milwaukee' 4,649,966 1T. 3 —
St. Paul ...; 3.572.270 29.9
Buffalo -4.073.C54 19.6 ....
Omaha :...... -; 5,643.540 35.6
Indianapolis 4,345,«33 22.9 ....
Columbus, O :....:..... ■ 4.066.500 9.3
Savannah 2,199.267 3.2
Denver ».,.. 3,366,357 29.2
Hartford 2,226.101 .... 16.0
Richmond * 2,431.507
Memphis ' 2,917,566 47.8 ....
Washington 2.090.
j Peorla ; . 1.920.746 34.7
Rochester 1, 497.59s 8.2 ....
i New Haven 1.495,620 5.8
! Worcester : 1.346.513 9.5 i
Atlanta • 1.505.380 15. S ....
Salt Lake City , 1.655.267 65.1 ....
Springfield. Mass 1. J45.573 31.0
Fort Worth ■ 1,494,640 31.0
•Portland. Me 1.435.471 23.0
Portland. Or - - 1.861.526 65.7 ....
St. Joseph ' 1.625.033 12.8 ....
Los Angeles 1,750,071 54.3.
Norfolk 8M.853 .
Syracuse 1.153.141
Dcs Molnes 1,?.33.737 44.5
Nashville 1,302,022 26.2 ....
Wilmington, Del 617. 9.0 ....
Fall River .. 1,107,503 21.2 ....
Scranton 771.712 21.6 ....
Grand Rapids 688.460 26.1
I Augusta. Ga 855,831 9.3 ....
Lowell G74.535 , 13.7 ....
Dayton, O .";... 816.501 W.O ....
Seattle 1,767.785 . 333.0
Tacoma . 979,986 17."..
Spokane 520.058 75.2 ....
; Sioux City 860.345 55.0 ....
! New Bedford .....' 537.629 5.7
I Knoxville, Term ...... 468,411 31.2 ....
: Topeka 492.822 -47.2 ....
' Birmingham ...... ~ ".' ' 520.073 30.7 ....
i Wichita -.--.■.■■ -489,118 ■■ 16.9 ....
! Bln.srhamton 313.600 0.5 ....
! Lincoln 301.. 53.5
' Lexington. Ky ........ 639.Q48 -67.3 ....
' Jacksonville, Fla ..... 264.014 .... ....
' Knlamazoo 312.664 32.2 ....
I Akron ". ■ , ' 3;.o.n<W 45.2
1 Bay City .. 257.504 33.1 ....
! Chattanooga '377.426 59.2 ' ....
Rockford, 111 322.227 17.1 ....
Canton, O 193.4P0 .'. 55.6
1 Springfield, O 210,870 25.7 ....
1 Fargo, N. D ..: 458.714 364.7 ....
Sioux Falls. S. D...... 128.727 161.2 ....
Hastings, Neb ......... 114.870 20.0
Fremont. Neb ........ 134.762 91.4
I Davenport ;..;... 932.736 73.5 ....
Toledo 2.765.442 137.3
Galvest'on 7.572.200 55.2
Houston 6,124.469 .... ,8.1
•Youngstown :... 263. '
•Macon, Ga 562,000- .... *..".:
! •Evansvllle .....:.. 817.450 ....'.
I •Helena " 513.056 .... ....
Totals, U.5........J1.2f ! 2.4T3. 447 38.S ....
Totals outside N. V... 502.265.193 51.
DOMINION OF ADA.
M0ntrea1............... 114.693.594 63.0
Toronto .......;........ 9.401.KS 40.9 ....
Winnipeg. ' 1.42C.7W 62.1 . ....
! Halifax 1,222.837 12.4
■ Hamilton ;.:.'"- 705,320 . 4.i» ....
St. John, N. B 537.961 .... 6.0
.. Totals ..„....-. $27.991,963 . . 45.0- ....
•Not : Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. ■ .
= .-•.-;- ■•.-.- .-_. .---.. --* . " - . - .t" ' 1
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight V.......*.. — ' $4 81%
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 84%
Sterling Cable* " ;..— 4 BVJ
New York Exchange, sight... — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce '.... — M
; Mexican Dollars '. '.". — * 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were lower in", sympathy
with Chicago. As usual there was no change
in the spot quotations. ■
Tidewater, quotations are. as follows: $1 40@
1 41»« for No. L $1 42% for choice and $1 45@1 50
per ctl for extra choice for milling:
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 34. ..-..:. . .
Second Session— December— SoOo ctls, $1 33%.
Regular Morning Session — December
Ctls. $1 33%: 24.000. $1 33^: 24.000. $1 33%.
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 34:
14,000. $1 33%; 4000, $1 33%. May— lo.ooo, $1 40%.
, BARLEY— Rain In the ■ south and drying
] north yinds In the north keep operators on the
' ragged edge and values are unsettled In con
1 sequence. The undercurrent, however, is firm.
Feed. $1 07%<ffl 10 for dark to good and $1 11%
I <gl 12% for choice; Brewing, $1 17%@1 20 for
j No. 1; $1 12%<gl 16 for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:ls ' o'clock— May— l6.ooo
. ctls. $108%; 12,000, 108*4. December—
98% c; 8000. 98% c. . " , ,
Second Session— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 08%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4ooo ctls,
$1 08. December— 2ooo, She.
Afternoon Session— May— ctls. $1 08%.
December— 2ooo. 98% c.
OATS— Are firm at the advance, with a fair
demand and moderate offerings.
Fancy feed, $1 27V4 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 KOI 25; common, $1 17%; Surprise. $1 27V4
@1 32%; red. $1 35®1 45; gray. $1 17V4151 20;
milling. $1 20<g>l 25; black, for seed, $1 35@1 50.
Clipped Oats sell at $I@2 per ton over the raw
product.
CORN— Dullness still characterizes this mar
ket.
Small round yellow, $1 10(3-1 12% per ctl; large
yellow, $1 05@l 07%; white, $1 05@l 10. - ; , .
RYE— sl 0501 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— 75(51 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR — Net cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 55<§4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30^4 40 per bbl.
MILLSTI'FFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal. $3 60: Oat Groats, $4: Hom
iny, $3 10<ff3 30; Buckwheat Flour, $4: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farnia. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls), $3 2.V55 65; In
sacks, $5 O. r ,@s 45; Pearl Barley. J4; Split Peas.
$3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay was decidedly stiff yesterday and some
dealers reported sales above the quotations.
For fine Wheat Hay $19 was rfused, and if the
present weather and light receipts keep up for
a day or so longer there will be a further
advance.
FeedstufTs, are unchanged.
BRAN— sl6(ftl6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JIBSi22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 f>o@29 50:
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 50^22 50; Cot
tonseed Meal, $28@3ti per ton; Corn Meal, $23®
24; Cracked Corn, $23 50524 50; Chopped Feed,
$17filR.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $16
©19 per ton; Wheat and Oat, $16@1!>; Oat,
|15@17; Barley. $14-516; compressed, $17^1!*:
Alfalfa, $1C&11 50; stock, $11@12; Clover. $11 50
©13.
STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further change in any descrip
tion. Trade Is rather quieter all around.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 POS^; Small Whites,
$1 5.1(51 G3; Large Whites. $1 f>s@l 65; Pinks,
$2 5001 60- Reds, $2@2 25: Blackeye. $2 40*5)2 50;
Butters, $1 4061 i.O; Limas. $2 10ft 2 15; Pea.
$1 4001 50; Red Kidneys. $2 25ft 2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 734(3 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $2<fi2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary-
Seed. $2V<i2\c per lb: Alfalfa, $3-560; Rape.
B@2%c; Hemp, Zc; Timothy. sVie.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 40@l 65; Green, $1 60
<gl 00 rer ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are doing : rather better again.
' Onions are steady. There is no particular
'< change in Vegetables.
POTATOES- Early Rose. *>."i5?75c; River Reds.
1 50-S COc; River Burbanks, 60@75c per: sack; Ore
i gon Burbanks, lw<S9f>e; Salinas Burbanks. are
I out; Petaluma Burbanks, 55@75c; Sweet Po
■ tatoes. 2.'.<tisOc per ctl tor Rivers and 'j r .c'/$l for
• Merced: new volunteer Potatoes. 3W34c per Ib.
I - ONIONS— $2 50®2 75 per ctl:. Oregon, $2 50®
I 2 ,75; Australian, $2 50<g3; cut Onions. $I@l 35
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 299 boxes As-
I VEGETABLES— Receipts were 299 boxes Ae
paragus, 300 boxes Rhubarb and 1 184 sks Peas.
Asparagus, S@loc per ' Ib for fancy. TWSc
for No. 1 and f.fific for No. 2; Rhubarb. 50c@
$1 per box: Alameda Green Peas, 2%@3V4c per
Ib; Mushrooms, 4#loc: • Marrowfat bquash. $11
1 Iff 3o per ton: Dried Peppers, 6@7c per Ib: Dried
i Okra. 15c; Cabbage. m<it"c per ctl: Carrots, 23
' iff 6oc per sack: Garlic. 3@<V4c per Ib.
Los Angeles Green Peas, : String Beans,
I,'c- Tomatoes. Jlffl 50; Green Peppers, 30c per
; Ib; Summer Squash. : Egg Plant. 20c per
I lb- Hothouse Cucumbers. • 50c<a$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sloced raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
i lbs; sliced desiccated. 16@18c: granulated raw,
I 13r- Onions. 60c; Carrots, old,* 13c; new. 18c;
I Cabbage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
23c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Eastern Hens are weak at $4 25<3'4 50 per
dozen. Local stock continues to decline un
der competition with the Eastern.
Game Is no longer worth quoting.
PiU'LTRY— Live Turkeys. 9<jflOc for Gob
blers and lOOUC for Hens: dressed Turkeys
12i&14c per lb; Geese, per pair , Jl 50^1 75;
Goslings. 52 25^2 50: Ducks, Wti\> for old and
J6 50i?7 7 M for young: Hens. $3 50«?4 50: Roos
ters, young, $6 G807; Roosters, old, $3 BQ04:
Fryers, $5 50*3-6; Broilers, $4fS5 for large. $3<S4
for small ; Pigeons, $2(62 25 per dozen for young
and *1 891 •'■" for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
. .There are .Indications that Butter has about
touched the bottom, ' as orders are being re
ceived from the north, and packing' will soon
commence. Store Eggs are doing better, and
' there is. an active demand for them. Cheese
is lower and dull.
BUTTER— - ;
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 17*T18c; sec
i onds. I6<fi;i6',4c. • • ■ \
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@16c; second
• gradts. HI/HUe per lb. '»„,,,, , ,
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 16@16Vjc; ladle
packed, 14©16 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9c; common
to good; s'^'..': Cream Cheddar. lOfillc; Young
America. 10"; Tic; Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12%
©ISViC per lb. - • ■ ■ '
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ll@l2c per dozen: store
Eggs, lOHeile. __!._
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There was no Orange auction.
The market shows no material change In
anything.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples 40060 c per box for common. 6Sif?9oc
for good to choice and $1(ff125 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 50®
275: Seedlings. 75c(jj$150: Mandarins, llfffl 25for
large and 50@75c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $lf t 50; Grape Fruit, $1 50@3
per box: Lemons. 75Ca'tl for common and
*1 2501 75 f"r good to choice: Mexican Limes.
«-J;, 50; California Limes. In small boxes. 50c®
$1; Bananas. $1 Js©l 25 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3©4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
prunes are lower if anything, and only the
very small sizes are wanted. All other de
scriptions are dull.
URIEL) FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3%<5>
4%c for 40-50" 3V;@3*ic for 50-60' s. 2%@3Vic
for 60-70"s, 2y L @2»ic for 70-80' s. l\C(t2*tic for SO
90'b, 114©1%e for 90-100's: Peaches, 2%<£4c;
fancy. 4H©sc: peeled. 10@12^c; Apricots. s(g6c
for Royals and 7@7V4c for good to fancy Moor
parks: Evaporated Apples. 6%@7i4c; sun-dried,
4W5e; Black Figs, in sacks, 202Hc; Plums,
■)■■ n-i'ic for pitted and l@lVic for unpitted;
bleached Plums. 505% c: Nectarines, 4@sc for
prime to fancy; Pears, 2't."i I'j.c for quarters
and 3@s><.c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IV>f?2e for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3',iiO for four-crown. 4Vsc for Seedless
Sultanas, 2»4c for Seedless Muscatels and $l<g>
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
ICUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per
Tb; Walnuts, r.Cc»Cc for hardshell and 6@7c for
softshcll: Almonds, VA&&t& for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7©Be for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4f(,"> 1 lor Eastern and IVic for California;
Pecans. 6l4@Bc;.••Filberts.6 l 4@Bc;. ••Filberts. S%@loc; Brazil Nuts.
B@9c per Ib; Cocoanuts. $4 5005 per 100. 
- HONEY— Comb, S@lOc for bright and 5@
7c for lower grades; new water-white* extract
ed, ••4^@Sc;~lieht amber extracted, v3%@4%c
per rb. - - ■. :■"■■■
. . BEESWAX— ppr It).
PROVISIONS.
- Dullness continues to characterize the market
and the feeling. is weak In most goods.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9%c per flb for
heavy, ■ S%c for light medium, lO^c for light,
lie for extra light and 12'L-c . for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lO&igllcr Califor
nia ' Hams. 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
mess do, $10; family do, , $11@12; ; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime : Pork. $10; extra clear, $18;
mess, $16: Smoked Beef, ll((*12c per Ib. ,
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at GV4c per Tb
for compound and 7c tor pure: palls, 7%c;
I California tierces, • 5%c per tb for - compound
and 6Vtc for pure; . half-barrels, 6\c; 10-Ib
I tins,' 2 c; do 5-lb. Be. • . •• .-.:..'
i COTTOLENE— Tierces. ■• 6H@6%c; <.'.) packages,
less than 300 lbs— pails. 60. in a case. B%c:
S-tb pails, .20 In a case, B%c; 5-!b pails. 12 in a
case, S\ic; 10-tb pails. 6 in a case, fHfcc; 50-lb
1 tins, 1 or. 2 In a case-, "He; wooden buckets).
20 Jt>s net. 7'fec: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c;
half-bbls. about 110 rt>s, 7'ac per Tt>.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quieter and several changes appear.
The other descriptions show 'no , change.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuII? ; and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,'
1.. i .c; medium. 9^c; light. 9c: Cowhides.
9G-9VC- stags 6c: salted Kip, 10c; Calf.
lie- dlv Hides 17c; culls and brands. 13@-
Me:' dry Kip and Veal. 13fc©HVic; dry Calf. I.M,
(Sl9Hc: cuils. 15V4@16"*c; Goatskins. So<S3.',ic
each; Kids, s#loc; Deerskins, good summer. »
@30c'per Ito; medium. 2Cc: winter. me; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 20<&*>c each: short wool, 40®
70c each; medium, 7<*&9Cc; long wools. 90c@
*VaLLO\V— No. 1 rendered. 3@3~4c per It); No.
2 2'ar-c: refined. Ec: Grease. 2@2V4c.
WOOL— clip— San Joaquln. defective, 1%
9c: Southern Mountain, 9@llc: free Northern. 12
©13c: do defective. 9@llc per Jb.
HOPS Old crop, Vy6c for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop, ll@l4c per rb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef rules steady. Mutton is weaker. Lamb
is lower. Hogs are easy at unchanged prices.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6'i@7c; second quality.
s"s?n"c: third quality. 4#6c per lb. .
' VEAL— Large. 61iV~e; small. J'fl^c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 9c: Ewes, B"*&9c per R>.
LAMB-Spring. lOfffllc per It). ■-,,,
PORK— Live Hogs, 4^c for large. 4%®4>4c
for small and 4*vg4"4c for medium; stock Hogs,
3@3i4c; dressed Hogs. 6<g'7c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal: San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Wel
lington. $10; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $9; Scotch. 810; Cumber
land. $10 in bulk and $11 60 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton;
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Val
ley, $9; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
In Backs. , . .
Harrisons circular says: "During the week
there have been nine arrivals from Washing
ton with 23,227 tons of coal, eight from British
Columbia with 19,466 tons, three from Oregon
with 1155 tons; total. 43.847 tons. These deliv
eries may be considered excessive, as they are
entirely our northern coast products, not an ar
rival from Australia or England. Thiß may
help to create a momentary surplus. The with
drawal of coal tonnage from the northern col
lieries from May to August next will create a
deficiency that the few steamers remaining in
the regular coal trade will be barely adequate
to satisfy. Hence any oversupply accumulat
ing in the interim will flnrl ready and profit
able sale a few months hence. With the ex
ception of several recent charters from Swan
sea there are no other foreign engagements for
coal, clearly Intimating that shipowners are
not seeking this port, as the present outlook
does not justify their doing so. This continu
ous dry weather is demonstrating its influ
ence very markedly on all inward freights, and
coal is the first article to show its effect. Al
ready freights are gradually tending upward,
and fifteen days more of dry weather will as
suredly mean higher freights inward on coal
than are now prevailing."
RlCE— Chinese mixed, $4 Wgti 25 per ctl : No.
1. $4 5004 80; extra No. 1, S&QE 20; Hawaiian.
$4 1t7~405; Japan, 1505 15; Rangoon. $4@4 25.
ST'GAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany has reduced its prices and now quotes,
terms net cash: Cube Crushed and Fine
Crushed, 6»<ie: Powdered, 6^c; Dry Granulated,
5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Magnolia A. ".Vic;
Extra C, sVfec; Golden C. sc; Candy Granulated.
5»4c; California A. h%c per tt>; half barrels Vie
more than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. March 11.
Flour, qr sks ... 12,422 Hay, tons . ... ; 200
Wheat, ctls 126.331 Straw, tons .....' 25
Barley, ctls 1,560 Hods bales 66
Corn, ctls ....... 51, r > Wool, bales '..... ■'■ 1
Rye, ctls 400 Pelts, bdls ....'.. 452
Cheese, ctls 134 Hides, no 488
Butter, ctls 322 Eggs, doz ....:.. 16,930
Tallow, ctls ..... 224 Quicksilver, flsk. 18
Beans, sks 4">o Leather, rolls ... 49
Potatoes, sks ... 898 Raisins, bxs 2.175
Onions, sks I%'Wlne, gals 19.150
Bran, sks 2,1501 Lumber, ft 20,000
Middlings, sk3 .. 350 1
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 2fis! Onions, sks 150
Potatoes, rks ... 1,130 1 ■ -.;,:-.
— -^,
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET. !
Butter and Cheese are lower. Eggs shows
no change.
Game is about done for this season. Poultry
is plentiful.
Summer Vegetables continue to cheapen un
der steadily increasing: receipts.
Some kinds of Fish are cheaper.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton — _
Cannel I S l2 00 Castle Gate. 9 50@10 00
Wellington . <g>l2 00 Pleasant VI. 11 00®
New Welling- Southfleld
ton Wl2 00 Wellington <@*\i 00
Seattle 8 WG) Coos Bay @ 7 75
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per 'Common EsKs..l2V4ig 1 —
square 40ffi— Ranch Eggs, per
Do. per roll 35037 doz IR@—
Do, good 30^ — Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10©12 lb 12@15
Cheese, Kastern..lji«,2u , Do, extracted. .. B@lo
Cheese. Swiss 20@30 ;
Meats, per pound
Bacon *. 12^17 1 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice 12ffl5'Pork, salt 10312
Do, g00d.....' B@IO Pork Chops... 12@15
Corned Beef 8(310 Round Steak S@lo
Ham. Cal.. misls Sirloin Steak....
Do, Eastern — 015 Porterho'"»e, d0..17@20
Lard 12#15 Smoked Beef — @15
Mutton ITS 12 Pork Sausages — @20
Spring Lamb 15@20>Veal -....V........ .12015
' Fruits and Nuts- . .•■ ■■
Almonds, lb .*..12@15! Limes, doz —&15
Apples, 1b. ........ 3@ 5 i Oranges, d0z. ..;..15@40
Bananas, doz 15&20 i Raisins, fb... \2'^
Lemons, doz 20©25 : Walnuts, lb ..15Q—
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each.... 50® -60 Turkeys, pr lb 15® .17
Young Roost- : Ducks, each... 65@ !<5
. era, each 60@.75 Geese, each....l 254#1 75
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, pair. 25® 50
each- 50® — Rabbits, pair. th 40
Fryers; each.. K6«i — Hare, each — 20
Broilers, each. 35® 40 1 Wild Geese, pr 40@ 50 i
Vegetables—
Asparagus, lb 10@15jDried Okra, lb....— <g-20 i
Artichokes, doz. ..Gf.'ffiTa Onions, lb 4(g> 5
Beets, d0z....' 12®15 Peppers, dried 10012
Beans, white, lb. 4@ 6 Do green, lb 40050
Colored, lb Ait 5 Potatoes, 1b. ...... 2# 3
Lima, 1b... 58 6 Parsnips, doz 15@20
Cabbage, each — s©lo Do. Sweet —0 3
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Rhubarb, lb 6@ 8 !
Celerj't bunch..... 54*— Radishes, dz bchs.lofol2 i
Cress, doz bchs...2o®£s Page. !b ..23035
Cucumbers, dzl 00@1 50 String Beans, lb. .20(g25
Green Peas, 1b....,4@ 616 1 Thyme, lb 20'jrSO
Lentils, 1b. ........ W 8 j Turnips, doz 15@20 i
Lettuce, d0z...... 15®25 Tomatoes, rb 10®15
Mushrooms, 1b....10@20l
Fish, per pound —
Barracuda li!@ls Shad 10@—
Carp 6g S Sea Bass — #—
Codfish '. i>fl f ' Smelts 15ft>—
Floun-iers 6«r i Soles B@lo
Herring ... ?@lO Skates, each...... sttlo
Halibut — «»l' Sturgeon i<vf?i2
Kingtish ©10 Tomcod 10@12
Mackerel — Hi-- Clams, gal ...— ■/, " -i
Do, Horse —if?— Do, hardshell, lOOuOig —
Perch 10@12 Crabs, each ..12@15
Pompano ..;... 1 50@— : Do. softshell. dz.2s<ji33
Rockflah ...12(Jii; Mussels, qt 10@12
Salmon, smoked. .2o®— 1 Oysters. Cal. 100.40@—
Salmon, fresh 15<9'20|Do. Eastern, d0z.2»@40
Shrimps Bslol
THE STOCK MARKET.
Previous prices ruled for mining stocks with
the usual dull trading.
On the Bond Exchange sales were of or
dinary volume and prices showed no sharp
fluctuations. Oceanic Steamship was lower.
The London, Paris and American Bank has
declared a semi-annual dividend of 4 per cent
for the last half of 1597, making a total of 7
per cent for that year.
The annual meetings of the Pacific and Pun
set Telephone and Telegraph Companies have
been postponed «to March 17.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
for the week ending March 5 the regular work
of prospecting continues on the 150, 2C5, 31S. S^O,
470, 528 and 532 foot levels in the New, Black,
Main, Standard, Maguire and Fortuna .ledges.
In many places the ore is of poorer grade and
the general condition of the prospecting ground
is Dot so good as previously reported. The
stopes produced the normal amounts of ore
from the Movie. Security. New. Bullion, Black,
Incline and Fortuna ledges, on the ISO 200, 265,
318, ' 336. BSO and 552 levels. Generally these
stopes axe looking well. Some very high grade
ore Is coming from the Fortuna vein.
Standard Mill statement — Ore crushed for the
week,. 227 tons; average assay vanner tailings.
$7 11: concentrates produced. 216 tons: assay
value, T $259 12; : plate amalgam produced, 9"1"i
ounces: value per ounce. |2ai/ The mill was
shut down 12 hours for repaiis on March 5.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, March 11—2 p. m.
Eld. Ask. 1 ' Bid. Ask.
US Bonds— * Oakland Gas.. 4S ' 50
4s quar c0up. .112 — I'ac Oas Imp.. — 91
4s quar reg..H3 :. — Fac L Co/.... 54 56*
43 quar new.;.l!3*; - SF O & 10.... 90 91« i
Miscellaneous— San I- ran ..... 3% —
Cal-st Cab DS.ila'i — Stock Ga5..... 10 —
Cal El G5......126M, — Insurance—
C C Wat 05...102« i— Firem's Fund. l9s —
Dup-3t ex c — 'JSVi Bank Stocks—
X L & P 65. .123 — Aniflo-Cal .... t>4 70
b- &Ch Rv Bs. — 117 Bank of Ca1..247U2D0
Ueary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 103
HC & S 5%. .105 — First at ....200 —
LAL. Co 65.. — ■■WO Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65.. 9SHIOO, M Kxchnge.. — 15
Market-st : 65..127 — Nev Nat > 8...155 —
Do Ist M u5.113'i4114 Savings Danks—
Nat Vln 6s Ist — . 100 Ger S & L..1623 ,'IS63
N C Ngßy 75.102 Vi — Hum S & L.1050 1150
N■' Uy Cal Cs..lllH — Mutual Say. 35 40
N Hy Cal 55..10'-"UO3H S F Say V.. 4SO 495
NPC X R 65. 104*4 — : S& L 50.... — 100
NiP C Ry Cs.lOOVi — Security S B 250 — -
NCal R 55..— — Union T Co. looo — ;
Oak Gas 55... 104 . — Street Railroad-
Do 2d ie 6b:.111H113 - California', ....103 109
Om Ry 65..... 127**30. Geary ..:..: : --- 40 -
P&O 6s HO - jMarket-st ••"-'Snt
p& Ch Hv fis.ios'* - I Presidio 4-i s *
Poweil-st 6s ..HT'i - | Powder-
Reno WL&L..IOO - California •-••Ho -
Sac " ElecßvSs. — 100 X Dynamite.-- - W
S FAN P" S».loflMMtt Giant -Con Co. 42% «
B P of Ar t 0. .104 K'-i's Vigurit " - "*
fi P Cal 6s - 113 Miscellaneous-
«PC is CX 5s - »*< AI Pac Assn S*«S*
| PPP P Br C 6s 5 . S:'.ll2*S :'.112* -g« Ld W;"g »
ivwaU^oW^^v^;-^^
Bt^G- es.. - K»* H%*B PCo. «., 44,
Contra Costa.. 57 63. Nat Yin Co . - -H
Mann Co ....50 - Oceanic h Co. 66* BWi
Spring Val ...lOHtlOl'-i Pac A. F L.. ljv
Gas & Slectnc- Pac Bor C 0... ***—.
Cent Gaslight. 9.«^ - Par Paint Co. / —
MEL Co IV 2 14«4l
- . MORNING SESSION. ■
$3000 Market-stret Ry Con Bonds Is 113 25
16 Contra Costa Water •* V'
5 do no • 5-1
23Ocranic Steamship Co •_'»?"
55 do do ; ' b „
JGOCO Spring Valley 4s Dons.... 10 ? -n
(0 Giant Powder Con « i«
73 S F Gas & Electric Co 91 00
50 do do .b I ?{ °°
! 10 Hutchinson S P Co ii *-
15 do do iimi
10 do do 44 6--*6 --*
Street
00 Spring Valley Water 1( "'' 25
$3000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 118 00
$5000 Market-street Hy Con Bonds 5s ...113 25
AFTERNOON SESSION.
50 Giant Powder Con ." 42 75
25 Alaska Packers' Association,. b 3 99.00
115 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 *5
25 do do f%*
30 S F Gas & Electric C 0... ...,9100
90 Oceanic Steamship Co 56 00
50 Vlgorit Powder • 3 62^
$10,000 Los Angeles Light Bonds, gntd... 98 60
25 California Safe Deposit .....100 00
$1000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 2o
lOOikland Gas 60 00
Street— * ' „„. „
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 118 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session— lo:Bo.
10 Giant Powder 43 00
10 do do t 42 i 5
10 do do 42 »0
10 do do 42 2o
10 do do 42 00
$5000 Spring Valley 'Water 45...... 102 SiH
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 44 50
10 Spring Valley Water 101 CO
30 Spring- Valley Water ! 101124
$1000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 75
-.:;V,- Afternoon Session.
50 Central Light & Power ....8 00 .„
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s. .....102 75
Street— ,:.:-* ' -
25 Market-street 64 00
. MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San ' Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes ........... 10 ; 300 Potent 37
300 Best & Belcher 32 , 200 Savage' ,23
500 Gould & Curry.. 19:100 ...... ;>. 23
500 K,entuck 03 i 200 Sierra Nevada. .l 05
400 Mexican ■...; 31 i 400 Yellow Jacket.. 27
200Ophir 11001 100- 28
100 Overman 11 i
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes ..10 1 150 Occidental ......165
50 Best & Belcher 32 100 Ophlr 44
200 Con Cal & Va.. 79 50 43
50 Hale & Norcrs.l 4." |*00 Overman 12
500 Julia 02 100 Potosi .36
400 Mexican 29 150 35
200 Occidental 1601 .
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: . ■ •
•Morning Session. ..:•
700 Belcher 25 1 200 Mexican ......... 31
100 Best & Belcher 32 400 Ophlr 12
300 Choi 36 ; 200 Potosi 37
200 Con Cal & Va.. 7$ . 200 Savage 23
100 Hale & Norcrs.l 451200 Sierra Nevada.. 105
100 147HJ406 .... ....1 0714
500 Lady Wash .... 01 1 300 Yellow Jacket ■■ ■ 27
Afternoon Session. . ;
1200 AHa 15 400 Ophlr 45
400 Andes 11 150 Potosl 35
500 Best & Belcher 32 500 Scorpion ~ 06
700 Bullion 11500 07
too Con Cal & Va.. 7S j 800 S B & M... %
200 Crown Point ... 141 .50 Sierra- Nev.. .1 07 i
100 Gould & Curry.. 19 100 Standard ; ... 175
400 Kentuck 03 400 Utah 12
300 Mexican 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, March 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I , ', Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 09 Justice ......... — . 32
1 {Vita 1") 16 > Kentuck 02 03
i Andes 10 11 | Lady Wash .. — 03
, Belcher 25 26 Mexican 29 30
I Pest & Belchr. 32 33 Occidental 165 170
I Bullion ........ 10 ill Ophlr 45 46
I Caledonia 28 30 > Overman ...... 11 12
i Choi lar 36 37 , Potosl 3". 86
I Con Cal & Va. 77 79 : Savage 22 23
challenge 26 2S Seg Belcher ... 04 06
I Confidence 68 70 facorpion •..;...■.■ 65 —
I Con- Imperial .'. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 1051 10
Crown Point .. 13 14 Silver Hill i... — 02
Con New York. ' — 02 Synrircate "-.TV. ,T* — 03
; Kureka ...'...... —.; 25 Standard :..-..l 75 1 85
Exchequer .... 06 0" Union Con 33 35
I Gould & Curry. 18 19 Utah ........... 11 12
Hale & Norcrs.l 40 150 Yellow Jacket. 25 27
Julia ■•... —.03 '. '. .• —
THE CALL C I-ENDAR.
March. 1"«>S.
<=v . M o i
~T 7
: 20 21 :
.«"■ IT |
1
8
»
: 22
I
We Th. Fr.
2 3 i
9 10 11
16 17 IS
23 24 25
~30~ IT
Fr.
I
11
d
©Full Moon.
Mar 8.
/J o-Last Quarter
U. Mar. 11.
.— v New Moo a.
: W Mar. 22.
Moon's
3G
I
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Off^e. U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
11, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of ths
120 th meridian, or at exactly S p. m., Green
wich time. W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in ctmm.
AIMERS TO Alt HI
Tltnnia
North For*
Htuntx>ldt
C01um0ia. ......
Wellington
China
walla Wa11a....
Homer... ...
Santa Koaa —
Prosrreso
Willamette....
Coos Bay
State ot Cai
Weeott... .....
Waehtenaw... .
P0m0na... .....
Umatllla
Arc.-ua
Colon
liiim
Nanalmo ........ {
•inmDoiat;
Alank-1 :...........
Portland ........'
Departure Bay
I China and Japan.. '.
I Victoria and Puffet Sna.. .
Newport
San Diesro..
i Seattle ..•
Seattle .
! Newport
I Portland
Humboldt
jTncozna ..:
I San Uiejro
i Victoria & Plied Sua. —
Coos Bay _
I Panama —
I Mar 13
Mar 12
Mar IS
Mar 13
Mar 13
Mar 13
Mar U
MarU
Mar H
Mar M
Mar U
Mar 16
Mar IT
| Mar IS
Mar 13
Mar 18
Mar U
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
STSAMSIi. |
ATIOK
Sails.
Orizaba .. . . I Mexico I
Pomona.... San Diegro — i
Zealandia. . \ Honolulu
Doric ' ChlnaJt Japan, i
City Puebla Vie £ P*t Sn.i :
Arcata i Coos May j
Humboldt. Alaska j
Columbia.. Portland ,
Sntnoa iHuniboldt |
Fulton ! Alaska
North Forte ;Hutnl>oldt ;
Homer I Humbohu — i
Santa Rosa [Sao Diearo — j
Walla Wlla Vie & P Sound I
Coos Bay.. (Newport
State of Cal ; Portland
City Sydney Panama
Weeott Humbldt Kav.
I Mar 12. 10 aw
Mar 12. 11 AH
Mar 12. 2 di
■Mar 12, 1 I'M
: Mar 18. 10 a m
i Mar ,13. 10 AM
Mar 13. .... .
Mar 14. 10 am
I Mar 14. aam
Mar 15, ....:. !
Mar l->. 9 am.
Mar 15. lv am
Mar IS. 11 aMi
Mar 17. io ami
.Mar 13. 10 AM
Mar 1?. IV am
Mar 19. 12 . M
Mar IS. 9 AM
Pier i
Pter 11
Pier 7
PM S3
Pier 9t
Pier lit
Pier 3
Pier 2*
Pier 3
I Pier 20
Pier 2
Pier »
: Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
P!»r 24
PM SS
Pier I*
BUN. MOON AND TIDE.
TTnft** States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
U Trn?s fnd Heights of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point Entrance to San Franci 3?o3 ?o
Bay Published by Official Authority of ths
triii'erlr.tendent.
VOTE— The hich and low waters occur at
•he city f-cnt (Mission-street wharf) about
twentv-flve minutes later than at Port Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAKCH-ISSS.
Saturday. March 12.
rises.:.. *; .:.:-....: R:2t
rets.. ":lo
m rises ;...-.'....-..:.......'.. 11:23
gjTlme Feet |T^f Feet T!^iFe6t I!™! Fee*.
£IlI l vv! IH-VV L \V| .-, H.WI
jt i:3»\ 2.U 10:b6 a.l I:4'J| 0.41 llti.O j.j
i 5:11 1.5 11:19 : 5.1 • 5:21 0.8 11:521 5.1
fe| 5:51 1.1 12:0« 5.0 t»:01 1.2 i ....
H Wl - L W : H W - L W
10 0:20 5.2 6:38 0.7 1:00 1 «.!>! 6:WH 1.6
11 0:51 1 5.» 7:2* 0.4 1 r 2:00 ■ *.5 i 7:10 2.0
12 l::m| 5.4 8:22 0.2; 3:09 . 4.1. S-.tf.M 2.4
NOTK.— In the above exposition of he tide-*
the early morning tides are giver, in -the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th-»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column ■: gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tide*, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions >to •- the -> soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a - minus sign (— ) . precedes the ', height w
and. then the number given is;subtractlve from w
the d?-pth'Klv»n hy the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch ot the United States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, i»
maintained 1n San Kranclsco for the benefit oi
mariners without regard to nationality aiU
free of expense.
Kavigatora are cordially invited to vUlt th«efflce, ■wncre complete sets of charts an* Ball-
Ing dlreci'ons of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
cf Intent! to commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
txmpb Hi 1 is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon tn.l Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. ' 'al.
A notice Mating whether th» time ball wa»
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. la
published the Fame. • day by the af'eraoon
papers, and by the morning paper* the fol'.c*-
Ing day. W. S. HUGHES,
lieutenant. V. 3. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. March 11.
U S Lightship 70, Catton, 70 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 42 hours from Coos
Bay.
Brig "W G Irwin. Williams, 18 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Monterey, Beck. 14 hours from Bowens
Landing-.
Bchr Nettle Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sorensen, 20 hours from
. Iversens Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday. March 11.
Tug Fearless, Randall. Unalaska; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co. . .
Ptmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Haw bark R P Rlthet, Thompson, Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Fr bark Marguerite Mollnos, Mane, Queens
town; Eppinger & Co.- ■■•--*-■■-.- ■
SAILED.
Friday. March 11.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City. j
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.--. .-v?K~' ;
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. Caspar. ■-*.■•
Stmr Laguna, Peterson. ..."►'.••■••:
Stmr Weeott. Miller. Crescent City.
Br ship Laomene, Jones, Queenstown.
. Br ship Tamar, Forbes. Port Townsend.
Haw bark R P Rlthet, Thompson, Honolulu. l
Bktn Tarn 'o Shanter, Patterson, Santa Ro- >
Balta.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson. .
Schr Melancthon, Bellesen, Grays Harbor. '
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— 11—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, N\V; velocity, 4 miles.
CHAKTKItS
The Lev! G Burgess loads mdse for Hllo;
Martha Davis, mdse for Honolulu.
The Br stmr Puritan . loads wheat on the
Columbia River for St. Vincent, 37s 6d.
MEMORANDUM.
Per W G Irwin— Had heavy gales from the BE
and NE with very heavy sea.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LEITH, March 11— Br ship Matterhorn. pre
viously reported, has been put in drydock;
bows slightly damaged.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— March 11— Stmr Homer, .
hence March 9. • —
GRAYS HARBOR— March S— Schr San :
Buenaventura, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed March Stmr Austra
lia, from Dyea. for Seattle.
EUREKA— SaiIed March 11— Stmr North
Fork, for San Francisco.
HUENEME— Sailed March 11— Stmr Samoa,
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed March Schr Bertha ,
Dolbeer. for Newport; schr Bertie Minor, for
— : schr Esther Buhne, for Hueneme; schr ■
Halcyon, for San Diego.
UMPQUA— SaiIed March 10— Schr Sadie, for
San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 11— Stmr Czarina,
from Dyea; ship Clarence S Bemont. from
Shanghai: stmr Townsend. from Dyea.
Sailed March 11— Schr Mary Gilbert, for
Orca. ■'<■ .-■-".
ALBlON— Arrived March 11— Stmr Cleone.
hence March 10. •;•■■
EUREKA— SaiIed March Schr Mary
Buhne, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed March 11— Schr
Sailer Boy. for Hueneme.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived March 11—
Schr Newark, hence March 9. .
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived March 11—
Ftmr Greenwood, hence March 9; schr F S i
Redfleld. from Tacoma.
REDONDO— Arrived March 11— Schr John F
Miller, from Grays Harbor.
FORT ROSS— Arrived March Schr La
Chilena. hence March 9.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 11— Bktn Skaglt
from Port Gamble.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March Schr Me
teor, from Port Ludlow.
ASTORIA— March 11— Br ship Clan
Robertson, for United Kingdom.
ASTORIA— SaiIed March Schr J G Wall.
for San Francisco.
Arrived March 11— Br ship Tweedsdale. from
Brisbane: Br stmr Argyll, from Hongkong.
NEWPORT— Arrived March 11— Schr Annie
M Campbell, from Port Blakeley.
..-■ SANTA BARBARA— March 11— Schr
"Peerless, from -Tacoma. .
FOREIGN' PORTS.
XANAIM<"> — Sailed March 10— Nor strnr Ti- j
ranla. for San. Francisco.
HTLL— Sailed March 10— Br ship Balasore,
tor Smja .Ker»ncfsco.
ST ,'INCEXT — Fused March — — Br strar !
ir.drai'Ura. from Tacoma. for Marseilles.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
ANTWERP — Arrived March 11 — Stmr La
i hampagne. from Philadelphia.
GLASGOW— SaiIed March 11— Stmr Rouma
nla. from Philadelphia.
MOVILLE— SaiIed March 11— Stmr Anchorla,
from New Y~>rk.
CONSTANTINOPLE— Arrived March 11— Stmr
Augusta Victoria, on cruise.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 11— Stmr Brit
annia, from Liverpool.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
XEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A J McLaren. S Jacnto W W Smith, R Vista
J B Hays, S Jacinto R Jacotason, Fresno
I. H Newman, Riversd Mi«s D Sweeney. Cal
J W Underwood, Cal I L Roberts, Vlsalia
F L Landram, Merced R Mylar, Turlock
V C Fender«on, Cal |J Duggan, Napa
Q A Swanson. S Diego ; E Steenerson & w, Cal
'• H M.Farland. Mo !j B Ward & w. S D
H Thompson, Carson C Erlckson, Madera
O Knudson. Oal J Bailey, S Jose
W E Elliott, R Vista i
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P Prargo, Boston ! E M Thumler, Chgo
F Bacon. Oregon Mrs Thumler, Chgo
S W de Witt. DC PA Tlplett, Va
F W Bergain. Wis C E Holtzman, Colmbs
Dr W F Becker. Wis W H Hyland, S Jose
C Thomas, Oakland Mrs Hyland. San Jose
I>r Meadows, Vacavlle I F Bliss, Mont
L J Sullivan, Boston i A Conn, Stockton
J L Mathews, Salinas! F P Clark*w. Stoktn
S M New-all, Stockton i B W Rosenbauer, Stkn
C A Carpenter. N V HO sherry Ind
G Nevstadt. MD.Gery ' Cart Worrell. Prt Csta
E Grafmul'.er, N V X IJ Andrews. L Anps
Mrs Ul'.kinson&c. N T I Mary Emederts, L Ag
PALACE HOTEL.
Krs A Ware. lowa ! S B Chittenden, N V
A L Ware. lowa ! Mrs S Chittenden. N V
E M Ware. lowa ! Miss Chittenden. N V
W E Ware. lowa M.'-s A Chittenden, NY
W D Stone & w. N V ! G W Craft, N V
H L Talbot, Boston j Mrs M Burrell. Or
J M Glass, Los Ang iH J Burrell, Or
G Mitchell, Los An? W Gassett, Wymo
C G Warnei&w, 111 I A Klonu. Chicago
A Warner. 11l IC E Cushing, N V
L Baseoman. Ind A Tabbor, N V
Miss L Bassoman, Ind ! T J Field, Monterey
L D Webber, Ind A Brown, Baltimore
J H Wheeler, Ind Mrs Brown, Bartimora
J H WU.-HfT, N V Miss Brown ,Md
A Gelmer&w. St Loui« Miss Montague, Md
A Gelmer, St Louis O C Locke, Chicago
Mlfs Gelmer, St Louis M Sticker. Chicago
W F Walker. St Louis Baron Yon Schroeder,
Mli>s Walker, St Louis San Rafael
Miss ForroHter.S Louis |C C Burke. Los Ang
E de Bavier, Shanghai D C Alken, Plttshurg
G M Ahrons, La L Einstein, Fresno
B Bteinmsn. Kacto J J Crooks, S Rafael
F Lvon V S N PR Jarboe, S .Mateo
S G Ma'sill. V S N H Wilson. N V
O W Corey, Seattle J E Nlhlein, Stanford
J Li^ohteid, Thila A N Jensen, U R N
J A Orunkshank. N V |W M Efigell. Suisun
J X BryK-n&w. Wis I A L Harris-. S Rosa
C A Dennv. Mass J Tobin, Burlinparr.e
Mrs Denny. Mass jG B McAnemy. Fresno
Miss G Denny. Mas 10 Heine, Stanford
GRAND HOTEL.
E Dutton & w, Mass Cuneri. S Barbara
Mr" Webster. Boston W W Black Hoi lister
H 8 Hall, Kins City J Carah & tm. < a!
8 S Nathan. Sunn W C Patts & w < al
J T Brown. Birds Ldg C H Coles, fean Jose
xc Ca-nemi lowa J C Nowise. Fresno
ET S. 1.0- Ang Mrs E A Bull S Jose
H C Schcomr-aker, NY l)r Hardin. Car
W J Smith. Ccunland T B Bond. Lakeport
J Saut « w, Alameda ill Mclntyre. White R
J Miller Be w. Wls N McSeare. Lo sAng
J Porter. Fresno C A Sudden. Panama
, M - Bl»«s. Oroville IW Stewart. Red ands
A Moire &w. Ohio Wl Oifford . ArU
D Shultz. CWcaeo S Sewall. Cal
Mrs Schultz, Chicago Mrs 1 Osborn. S Jos«
J A Schultz. Chicago M iss Osborne. S Jose
0 Johnson. Cincinnati W F Ford. Colma
R L, Read. Pleasanton J H Rlnehart. Oregon
M Grtenberg S L, Op L P Foley. Willows
j H Mitzner, TUBC ° n Mrs Doolittle S Dl«o
i- wynri. H V iMrs Van Valkenborgh,
J H on L ateS & 7: R^Van Valkenbor g h.
Honolulu H Van Vaikenborgh,
; i) h»»w..o<l, S .lose | Lockport, Iv T
1 H Matrtrull Ohio Mfsit Foley, Willows
J A Sargent & w. Cal Miss McKay. Willow,
AT Koss. Sargents O Halllday V allelo
? H Playter. (3 Barbar ;W D Buckley. Cal
A Albrecht. Fresno A F Maher, Stockton
J T Chrletal. Agnews i" W Ayer. ftonora
J T Grace, 8 Ttosa 1? Lynn. Sonora
O Bancroft. Clncinnat Mil Orr. Stockton
a n Baldson & w, S J W Conger, Chicago
_■m ■ ■
Golden Jubilee of Missions.
OAKLAND. March 11.— Rev. S. L. Bald
win D.D.. and his wife returned from
China yesterday, where they have been
in attendance upon the Golden Jubilee or
the Methodist missions in that country.
For twenty years this couple labored in
the Flowery Kingdom, but for the past
twenty years they have been at home
owing to ill health. Sunday evening Dr.
Baldwin will occupy xhe pulpit of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church, and
his wife that of the Eighth Avenue Meth
odist Episcopal Church. Both are pleas
ing speakers with a fund of valuable in
formation, that will be as entertaining
v instructive. -
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FALLS BACK
ON WOOLSEY
Dr. Chamberlain Talks
Plainly on Water
Matters.
Says He Cannot Understand
the Appointees of the
Mayor. #
His Language Provokes a Warm
Discussion in the Health
Board.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 11.
Water and politics were curiously
mixed at the meeting of the Board of
Health Uiis evening. At the previous
two meetings there was some warm
• discussion over the position at the
i board in regard to the rival water com-
I panics, and Dr. Chamberlain intimated
that the reports condemning one of
! the systems were not put forth disln
■ terestedly by the other members of the
! board. The inference of Dr. Chamber
lain was that the Oakland Water Com
pany was altogether too much in favor
with the board, and that facts did not
1 justify the report.
Dr. Chamberlain was scored by the
board, and to-night he went to the
meeting prepared with a few facts that
he claimed justified his contention that
■ the members appointed by Mayor
: Thomas had -been doing politics rather
than hygienics.
Dr. Chamberlain is the only member
of the five that does not awe his posi
tion to Mayor Thomas. He read the
following explanation to the board:
I was surprised that my com
munication of February 11 last
was resented so bitterly, and es
pecially when I had expressed al
most the same sentiments at pre
vious meetings, notably that of
September 10, 1597,
1 am prepared to voice the same
sentiments again to-night, and give
my reasons ior them.
By my silence 1 would have been
considered as favoring the action
of the board, which has placed it
self in a position 1 do not wish to
occupy.
The people of Oakland are both
intelligent and well posted, and
concerning this water question,
they look to you for an explana
tion of certain circumstances.
November 15. ISB9, Dr. Woolsey,
in an extended report upon the
water supply, dwelt upon the purity
of the Contra Costa water, and
that was before their riHer sys
tem was established, and again
June 14 of the same year, he said
that Contra Costa water was bet
ter than Oakland well water, and
even as late as January 13. IS9S, Dr.
Woolsey, as chairman of the water
committee, reported that "the
water is still good." L>r. Mayon,
as health officer, June 14. ISito. re
ported that he "had been over the
water shed of the Contra Costa
system and believed there was not
one of like area in the L nited
States where fewer people l» v fd.
A few suggestions could be carried
out and the system would be most
satisfactory."
Now. however, in the face or
statistics showing a very low
death-rate from zymotic diseases,
and in the words of our present
health officer, "A relative immun
ity from diarrhoeal diseases,
comes this water report condemn
ing the water supply of one com
pany as "unlit and dangerous for
drinking purposes."
Furthermore it is reported that
the board on its inspecting tour
over the Contra Costa water shed
was guided by Thomas Hansen,
an employe of the Oakland Water
Company, and Rosco P. Bromley,
a former employe of the same
company. People ask why this
board inspected both plants of the
Contra Costa Water Company, but
only one of the Oakland Water
Company, omiting the Oakland
Water Company's plant on Myrtle
street, between Twenty-sixth and
Twenty-eighth streets, which is in
operation day and night pumping
Oakland well water In their mains.
Another question is, why were the
water closets on Coffin's dairy and
Spreen's ranch cited in the com
mittee's report as sources of con
tamination of the water supply,
when, in fact, both were set over
boxes, to which horses are hitched
periodically and the boxes dragged
a long distance from the creeks and
the contents buried and covered
with lime, according to the recom
mendation of the last board.
It is not my purpose to draw any
conclusions, but to give an inti
mation of the reasons for my stand
on the subject, and give those in
volved an opportunity to explain
these unforunate circumstances.
The remarks of Dr. Chamberlain pro- .
yoked a lively discussion and the other j
members repeated their former state- i
ments that they were not in politics, ;
but were conscientiously trying to do
their duty. Dr. Ryfkogel said that any
one who contradicted the report of the
university professor was a falsifier.
MEMORIAL DAY EXERCISES.
Joint Committee of Arrangements
Will Meet To-Day for Business.
OAKLAND. March 11.— joint com
mittees of the various organizations in
terested in Memorial Day will meet to
morrow evening at Lorlng Hall. The or
ganizations represented and their dele
gates are as follows:
Lyon Post No. 8, G. A. R.— John C. Mc-
Mullen, John A. Robinson and Calvin B.
White.
Appomattox Post No. 50, G. A. R.—
Samuel P. Knight. H. Ham. William Er
win. Charles Wilkins and Thomas Wool-
Porter Post No. — . G. A. Frank "W.
Gushing. _ _
Lyon Relief Corps No. 6, W. R. C—
Mrs. Louis Farrish, Mrs. Mary E. Cole
man and Mrs. Remillard.
• Appomattox Relief Corps No. 5, W. R.
C— Mrs. Pamelia A. Wood, Mrs. F. W.
Billington and Mrs. I. E. Gibson.
Phil Sheridan Circle No. 5, Ladies of
the G. A. R.— Mrs. E. L. Wilson, Mrs. M. ■
E. Casey and Miss Rose Carson.
J. B. Wyinan Circle No. 22, Ladies of
the G. A. R.— Mrs. Venice M. Gushing,
Mrs. Eliza A. Hull and Mrs. Hattie A. !
Shorkley.
. The New Ball League.
OAKLAND. March 11.— California
Baseball League met to-night at the Re
liance Club. Representatives Rucker of j
San Jose, Corcoran of Stockton, Donahoo
of Fresno, Martin of Sacramento, Ewing
of Oakland and Bunker of San Francisco
were present. It was decided that games
will be played at Elmhurst on Sunday ■
mornings. The California Market team
will be in the league under, the name of
San Francisco. The Reliance team of last
year will be in under the name of Oak
land All the grounds of the above
named towns have been assigned to the
California League. The representatives
appointed a schedule committee and ad
joun.e Poolroom Case on Trial.
OAKLAND, March 11.— The evidence
for the prosecution was practically taken
this morning in the Police Court in the
rase of C M. McKale, charged with vio
ißtln" the pQol-sellinK ordinance, and the
case "continued until the ISth for comple
tion The postponement was due to the
illness of McHale. The evidence was con
clusive that ho had taken money on the
Emeryville races and paid the bets on the
odds the same as in other poolrooms, ex
cept that no tickets were Issued
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
ALAMEDA IN
A NUTSHELL
County Clerk's Report a
Mass of Valuable
Information.
Two Million Dollars Was Paid
to the Treasurer Last
Year.
Amounts Spent in Some of the
County Offices Appear Very-
Generous.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 11.
The promised report of County Clerk
Jordan was made public to-day. It is
the most complete and comprehensive
document ever compiled, and is with
out doubt one of the best advertise
ments that could possibly go out from
Alameda County.
The figures are the first official com
j pilatlons that have ever been published.
i Under their various headings the
■ amounts expended are as follows:
Public charities— County Infirmary, $56,
■ 319 38; Receiving Hospital and Insane An
nex, $6308 53; indigents, $16,988 26; burial
of indigents, $2215; feeding criminals
(5043 60; reform schools, $1664.
Public justice and protection— Coroner,
$6639 28; County Jail, $4470 66; Constables,
$10 625 10; District Attorney, fees and ex
penses, $16,002 98; Grand Jury. $2325;:
health officers, $249 35; Judges Superior j
Court, half salary paid by the county, ■
J7RSB 68: Justice Courts, $9556 60; rebates of :
fees $1394; appraisers' fees, $67 i 0; Sheriff,
$18 118 17" stenographers, $17,468 49; Bani- i
tary districts, $20,543 83.
In the department of public education
the following was the cost: Board of Ed
ucation. $1396 25; Sl iP er , lnten^«"* ,£\
Schools, $4997 22; schools. $440,452 33,
Teachers' Institute, $217 90; Law Library.
$2" r <7 25- school building. $354601; Union
High and special schools, $42.d87; bonds. ;
$519 r)77r )77 61- township Jails, $133 25; witness,
fee's, criminal, $1354 93. ;
The cost of public highways was $136,- ,
The total amount of disbursements was j
$1 499 338 43. which, with the balance in the
county treasury on January 1 of $490 -
199 "3 makes a grand total of $1,989.537 66.
The amount allowed by Supervisors to
indigents was as follows: Church. $3096
Talcott $1264; Mitchell. $3736; Wells $37ol;
Roeth $1910. The number of indigents
•Yd led ranged as follows: Church. V/l to ,
2*4 Talcott 80 to 121; Mitchell. 175 to 265; '
\\>lls ISS to 244; Roeth, 107 to 154.
The total rate of taxation is $1 50. made
up as follows: State revenue. .510; county
general fund, .326; county infirmary. .0«>.
county school, .240; road and bridge tax,
At the County Infirmary there were,
sheltered during the year 2814 patients
The average monthly attendance was
OQI
" The amount expended In mileage by the
Supervisors during the year was as fol
lows : Supervisor Church Church. $577 55 .
Mitchell, $655 70; Roeth. $635 30; Talcott,
$738 20; Wells. $1014 60. '.--' \
The amount expended In various ways
for maintenance of government Is as fol
lows: Salaries and mileage of Supervis
ors. $11,118 90: County Clerk $3,555 60.
Recorder. $18,228 57; Surveyor, $18d 05; gen
oral, $36.040 01: election and registration
$21,270; litigation: expenses, $28,400. . State
contribution from Alameda Count v. -S4OO -
132 79- Assessor, $25,915 50; Auditor. $6034 88.
Tax. Collector, $11,319 64; „ Treasurer,
$6517 45; rebates, taxes, etc.. $5257 17; inter
est on warrants, $130 53; making a total
of $594,182 52. .
The showing of trees bearing and not
bearing Is as follows, the numbers being
given in the above order: Apricot, bear
ing 154,500. not bearing 95.000; apples.
52,000, 3500; cherry. 73,250. 37.250; fig, 1000.
2500; olive. 3500. 2000; peach. 35,000. 7500;
near 85,400. 29.500; prune; French, 130,000.
§9,000; other kinds. 15.000, 4000; lemon. 500,
750- orange 1500. 500;. almond, 55,000, 45,000;
walnut, 1000, 1200. .
There are 7250 acres devoted to grapes
of various kinds, and 200 to table varle
tics
The agricultural showing Is as follows:
Wheat. 12 000; oats. 500; barley. -,6.000;
corn, 300; hay, 25,000; vegetables, , 2500;
beets, 4000; making . a total of 79,300
a The showing in livestock is as follows:
Cattle, beef, 1650. stock 7710; cows, thor
oughbred 300, American 7250; graded 450.
common stock 1125; calves. 1840; hogs,
2200; mules, 540; jacks and Jennies, io:
horses thoroughbreds, 120. standard breed
480 common stock 9560. colts f 720: sheep,
imported 435, common 9760; lambs, 2400;
goats, angora 204, common 1616; poultry.
2350 dozen.
" Thr« Z are 84.09 miles of street railways.
143 miles of telegraph and 1606.01 miles of
telephone wires. The value of mortgaged
property Is $34,346,250. and the assessed
valuation of the above is $20,196,178.
The number of registered voters is 25.765,
and of those capable of doing military
duty 16,747. The total area of the county
is 512 000 acres. The latest amount of
outstanding bonds is $899,260 46. as against
$a 73,259 69 for last year. The value of
schools and school sites is $1,609,386. There
is available for the payment of indebted
ness $59,260 46. . : «.•
The land assessed was 449.418 acres. The
value of real esteate other than In town
lots was $17,517,891; of city and town lots,
S4O !>2l 801; of improvements in real estate,
J25'5G1,678: of personal property, including
money $5,620.«0i. The total value of prop
erty was $94,562,442, and reduced by the
Board of Equalization to $84,889,547.
The seating capacity of the county
schools Is 21,012. the average wage of male
teachers is $123 12 per month and of fe
males $S0 71. The number of children un
der 5 years of age is 11.495, and between 5
and 17 years, 20,094. The number of chil
dren between those years who have not
attended school during the year is 6623.
Native-born children number 39.925. for
elgn-Dorn 1280. The total number of chil
dren in the county is 41.205. There are 162
grammar, 259 primary, 6 high. 5 brick and
88 wooden schools, and of these 93 are
built In outside cities and towns that are
incorporated. There are 79 male and 434
female teachers. The census children
number 29.710; those enrolled number 22,
325; children of negro parentage number
242 '■* ■ -■' '*
The receipts of the Treasurer's office
during the year, amounted to $1,989,537 66,
and the expenditures left a balance In the
treasury of $490,1u9 23.
Great Cycling Contest.
OAKLAND, March 12.— The series of
three team races between the Acme
and Reliance club wheelmen, the first
of which takes place at the Elmhurst
Recreation Park next Sunday, the 13th
inst., promises to be one of the greatest
events In cycling this year.
The fact that both the Acme and Re
liance clubs are among the foremost
upon track and road, and, therefore
capable of putting up a grand contest,
will doubtless have a great deal to do
with making this event a popular one.
The balance of the programme will
be a ball game between the Elmhurst
and Alameda city officials' teams which
should be a crackerjack. In their game
with Piedmont Parlor last Sunday the
Elmhurst nine showed conclusively
what they are capable of, when, in the
eighth inning, they won a game that
seemed lost beyond recall. Some old
time "fans" who were present pro
nounced it one of the best games they
had seen In years.
■ m ■
Sounds the Alarm.
OAKLAND, March 11.— City Auditor
Snow has prepared a statement for the
Council, in which he shows that if the
Council does not make some change in
proposed plans there will be a deficit of
fIu.OOO at the end of the fiscal year.
MRS. MILLER
TOOK POISON
Eugene Deuprey Refuses
to Pay for the
Doctor.
Details Were Demanded and
Were Very Readily
Furnished.
Xha Lady Also Succeeded in
Establishing a Scientific
Record.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 11.
The details of the suit brought
against Eugene Deuprey by Dr. F. E.
McCullough were made known to-day
by the filing of an amended complaint
in the Superior Court.
Dr. McCullough says he would not
have gone into details had the original
complaint not been demurred to, but
when particulars were asked they were
forthcoming.
The suit sets forth that several
months ago Dr. McCullough was sum
moned personally by Eugene Deuprey
to attend a lady, now known as Mrs.
Mary Miller, who lived on Prospect ave
nue, and who had taken poison. The
case was a serious one and the doctor
and the attorney watched over the lady
for several hours, and when the inci
dent was passed the doctor was re
quested to keep the matter quiet, so
he says.
Dr. McCullough then presented his
bill for 575, which, he says, is a very
reasonable figure for the work per
formed and the successful result. Mrs.
Miller had taken half an ounce of chlor
oform, according to the story told tho
doctor when he was engaged, but he
now says that the result proved that
she had swallowed a quarter of a
pound of the drug. Dr. McCullough
says this is, he believes, a fact of
scientific value, for he does not know
of any case on record in which such
a large quantity was taken and the
patient restored, and says that Mrs.
Miller's life was only saved because of
the large amount of food in the sto
mach.
All these details would not have been
known had Attorney Deuprey paid the
bill, but he declined to do so, and suit
was brought, and now the little mys
tery has all been cleared up.
May Require a New Jury.
OAKLAND, March 11.— There Is a pos
sibility that the jury empaneled to try
Supervisor Charles Roeth, for miscon
duct in office will be discharged and an
other one drawn. Juror Steinmetz of
Alameda is In such a condition that it
may be a mnnth or more before he can
return. His wife is also very ill. To-day
when the rase was called by Judge Og
den for Judge Ellsworth, it was con
tinued until Tuesday, when the matter
of discharging tho jury will be settled.
WILL TAKE OFFICE MONDAY.
The Incoming and Outgoing Harbor Commissioners.
Rudolph Herold Jr., who was ap
pointed by Governor Budd at the last
session of the Legislature a Harbor
Commissioner, and which appointment
was ratified by the Senate, received
from Governor Budd yesterday hi 3 cer
tificate of office, and he will on Monday
next take the seat vacated by Colonel
Chadbourne, whose term expires on
that day.
Justice Henshaw of the Supreme
Court, hearing that his friend had re
ceived his credentials, visited Mr. Her
old, and honored him by administering
the oath of office. The ceremony waa
witnessed by friends of the new Harbor
Commissioner, and at its conclusion he
invited them to the San Francisco Club,
where they sat down to an informal
lunch. Seated at the table were Gov
ernor James H. Budd, W. W. Foote, H.
F. Fortman, Major McLaughlin and
J. D. Spreckels.
The health of the new Harbor Com
missioner was toasted with bumpers of
wijie and best wishes for his success in
his new office were offered.
Colonel Forrest S. Chadbourne is one.
of the beet commissioners that ever
looked after the interests of San Fran
cisco's water front. He has attended to
his duties in season and out of season,
and it is due to him that a start has
been made in the improving of the ap
pearance of East street. As an expert
DEATH OF CAPTAIN BULGER.
|The Well-Known Shipping Man Passed Away Yesterday.
Captain Martin Bulger died at his residence, 724 Ashbury street, yes
terday morning.
Captain Bulger was born In Brooklyn, N. Y. .larch 3, 1529. When the
gold excitement broke out in California he was one of the first to make
his way to the Golden "West to seek his fortune. Arriving in San Francisco
in 1849 he went to work with Colonel Peter Donahue, the founder of the
Union Iron Works. He afterward engaged in the marine engineering busi
ness* and was chief engineer of some of the finest vessels in his day,
among them being the New World, Chrysopolis, Uncle Sam, Goliah. So
nora. Sierra Nevada. Brother Jonathan, Oriflamme, Sacramento, John L.
Stephens, Orizaba, Constitution and Japan, the latter in 1867, when he re
tired from the sea. In the early 50s he went to Oregon and was inter
ested in and ran the steamer Multnomah on the Columbia River.
In 1870 he was appointed Fire Commissioner to succeed one of the
members who died. This was an important appointment, as tha position of
chief engineer of the department depended upon it. F. E. R. Whitney was
then chief. Bulger was appointed by the Supervisors and John C. Merrill
by the ur derwriters. The case was taken to the courts by Merrill and de
cided in favor of Bulger, thus making a majority in the board who ap
pointed David Scannell chief of the department, which position he held
until his death. From IS7I to 1875 he was Chief Wharfinger. In 1875 he
was appointed chief engineer of the United States Mint.
Captain Bulger, with the exception of Captain Bryant and Captain
John Bermingham, was the oldest marine engineer on this coast. He was
an active member and past president of the Exempts, having been a mem
ber of Knickerbocker, No. 5. since 1854. He was also a member of the
Veteran Firemen's Association. Captain Bulger leaves a widow, three sons
and a daughter to mourn his loss— Thomas D., a marine engineer; James
X., with the Selby Smelting and Lead Company; John X., United States in
spector of steam vessels and Miss Emma Bulger, who resides with her
mother. After providing for his sons he leaves the balance of his estate,
valued at $50,000, to his widow. He has one surviving brother, James
Bulger, a retired capitalist, now living at Babylon, Long Island. Captain
Bulger had many warm and influential friends, and besides being univer-
I sally liked he was one of the best-known men in the State of California.
merit, one side or the tnorouprnrare rrom
the foot of Clay street to Vallejo street
was planted with trees. They have all
flourished, and now in the spring and
summer that section of street \a the
most pleasant spot on the front.
Colonel Chadbourne was appointed by
Governor Markham March 13, 1894, at
which time C. F. Bassett was president
of the board, and Daniel T. Cole
the other commissioner. Mr. Bassett
was succeeded by E. T. Colnono-f Stock
ton as presiding officer, and a year ago
Major Harney took the seat vacated
by Mr. Cole. President Colnon was the
first Democrat to assume control of af
fairs on the front under the Budd re
gime, and the appointment of Mr. Her
old makes the entire board Democratic.
The commissioners will meet again
Monday next, when Colonel Chad
bourne will turn his seat over to Mr.
Herold, after which the business of the
State will go on as though nothing had
happened.
Driven to Crime by Poverty.
OAKLAND. March 11.— Albert Luck
hardt, a married man with two young
children, was arrested to-day by Detect
ive Holland for burglarizing- the photo
graphic supply stores of P. Y. Morris and
Francis & Leet. He is a sufferer from
consumption, 33 years of age, and en
tered Morris' place and took goods which
ho sold to Francis & Leet. He then en
tered the latter's st«re nnd stole from
them. He confessed his guilt to-day,
stating 'hat poverty drove him to it.
AUCTIONJALES-
A CHANCE O^A LIFETIME!
QUONG WING LUNG & CO.,
OF 116 OEAMT AVB.. BET. POST AND GEABY BTS.,
WILL SELL
AT PUBLIC AUCTION
Their entire stock of FTNE SILKS. CARVED
IVORY. BRONZES, CLOISONNE LAC-
QUERED WARE. HAND-CARVED EBONY.
EMBROIDERED SCREENS and all kinds of
DRESS PATTERNS, Etc.
This old and reliable firm has been doing
business in the same store thirteen years, ana
their stock invoiced $35,000 on the first of the
Their collection Is something grand.
Sales commence SATURDAY, March 12, IS9B.
at 11 a. m.. 2 p. m.. 7:30 p. m.
T. McDONALD. Auctioneer.
SAVING THE RECORD.
Major Woodward Starts Out to Fill a
Scrnp-Book.
OAKLAND, March 11.— Major Wood
ward says that the Grand Jury is now
through with him. He is not altogether
displeased with his recent experience, and
says he has learned much that will be of
value to him in the future.
The major has been the subject of so
much notoriety in the press lately that he
is anxious to preserve it, and to this end
he has obtained a large scrapbook and
has pasted in it all the clippings and il
lustrations relating to the recent inci
dents in connection with fixing wate*
rates. The new Councilman is also study
ing water rates from all points of view,
and says that ne will be as well informed
as any man in the United States when ha
votes next February on water rates for
the last time.
Next Tuesday some more members or
the solid six will be given an opportunity
to talk to the Grand Jury.
Rodgers Secures an Attorney.
OAKLAND. March 11.— W. P. Rodgers,
who was locked up a week ago for having
used a knife on his brother-in-law, W. H.
Weeks, on the train while returning from
the funeral of his sister. Mrs. W. H.
Weeks, has retained an attorney and will
be represented in the probate of Mrs.
Weeks' will in San Francisco. The es
tate is said to be worth $10,000, of which,
according to the will. Rodgers is to have
half. Rodgers' wife is dangerously 111 and
he is trying hard to get out on bail.
Intercollegiate Basket-Ball.
BERKELEY. March 11.— Negotiations
for an intoi collegiate basket ball contest
between co-eds of Berkeley and Stanford
are f-till pending. The team manager*
could not agree last Saturday on -when
tho game should be played, the Stanford
g-irls waiting to play in an open fielrl.
while the Berkeley co-eds insisted 'n
pk'yirg in a building and before a feni'.
uinV; nudience only. One of the varsity
nine declared to-day, however, that in all
probability Stanford will give in and that
an indoor contest between the two teams
will take place in the near future.
/^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
»JKl«ss^ja f|) IHSt for thetrp:itm?ntof Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>2SHEAKBiTKT. Established
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, l^ost Manhood. Debility or
SwW^sSSk <l l«ea-se v/eari rig oil body and mind and
SJSJ^tflia skin Dlspa«i-s. I'll? doctorciires when
3SjSva*ij&|.,[iifisfuil. Try him. Charges low.
t'nreneanrnnlrrd. Callor%vrite.
Dr. J. K. llt BOX, Rax 1957. 5 an Franclaco.
i, OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
BV^ Steamers leave Broadway
HJF3Ppa» wharf. San Francisco:
; fHpFwjk^^ *" or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
ÜBEwn March 2. 7. 12. 17. 22, 27. April
firaSSl «M 1. Transferred at Seattle.
|H|C£lflSi For Alaskan ports (from
1 ' ''^■nHH Spear street wharf), 10 a. m..
1 March 2. 6, 10. 14. 18, 22. 26. 30.
" Transferred at Portland. Or.
1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
' send. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
I New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. March 2, 7.
112 17 22 27 a nd every fifth day thereafter,
I connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
I ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry at Tacoma with
Ik P Rv . at Vancouver with . C. P. Ry.
I For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
March 3. 9. 15, 21. 27, and every sixth day
th Kor* ft Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Ciivucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Oavlota.' Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hu^neme.
' San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles), an.l
: Newport. 9 a. m.. March 2 6. 10. 14. 13. 22. 2*.
"0 and every fourth day thereafter.
" For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San LuU Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
T^ia Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), n
if m* March 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 24, 28. and every
fourth day thereafter. ■
' For Ensenada. c Magdalen* Bay. San Jose del
i Cabo. Mazatlan. Altai a. La Fnz, Santa -Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mot). 10 a m.. March S.
'< April 3. and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
"TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
M £o<SDALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen Agt...
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
' From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
riDE 12 First Class Including Berth
rAKC- 58 Second Class and Meals.
-' •'■> ' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California... Mar. 2. 10. IS. 2*
Columbia.... Mar. 6. 14. 22. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to E. C. WARP. Genera , Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fMEEIMBISA S. S. ZEALANDIA.
jfcSHSC' r HONOLULU only,
• ffß*3»»* Saturday. March 12. at
y™^__ ip. m. Special party
' "The S. S. MOANA
G)lKlliJlllr ; sails via Honolulu and
(RthVPMh' :■ Auckland for Sydn-y
lyilifAillfcp Wednesday. March 23.
at 2 p. m. • • •
- Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPB
TJT J V'SPRFCKELS 8 BROS. CO.. Agent,
J. D. stKfcv.Jvr."' u4 Montgomery »treet.
Freight Offlce-357 Market st- San Francisco.
Coaipagnie Generate Transatlantique.
>- French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
v... «>iio line avoid botn Travelers
? e f° vn» M ? \ \niF March n 10 a. m.
I"* rwAMPAONK ...March 26 10 ft. m.
A «n^mOOONE April 2. in ft. m.
I jA 22SrioS« April 9, 10 a. m.
H SmnTlle' . . .......April 16
LA For further particular, a^^
No 3. Bowling Green. New York.
JF. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. Pub ■ PYawctßCO. - ; ■- ■
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURO.
twin-screw passenger service,
: NEW YORK-HAMBURQ DIRECT.
Pretoria .....April 16 Pennsylvania... May U
Ur^t cabin! ISO up: 2" cabin 140: peerage^ 25.
TTnmburK-Ameriran Line. 3, Bro:»r/ay. **•*•
TTrTI?OG r &CO General Agents Pacific Coast.
gf%l%rrrta "tV, Vor. Sansome. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 3
■- - .p. m. Doily. ■
FREIGHT RECEIvEU i-i' TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
~ The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing -through, freight rates to. all points on th«
Valley Railroad. sTEAMERS:
T c" WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MAR^GARRATT. J. D. PETERS. .... . .
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt Co.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sunday,
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco ' and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose, 7r,c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose. - 1 , --■, ,
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Mootlcello" , „ ,
Will leave- . •i^ej o«tnrcak> l « p. '"• ; will leave ;
San Francisco . Saturday. 8:30 p. -m. _ Regular
card Sunday .norning, March - 12. ISJS. Tele-
phone Red ' 2241. .HATCH; BROS.
1112
FAVORITES
BOWLED OVER
Two-Year-Old Maud Fer
guson the Only Win-
ning Choice.
Tom Ryan's Ace Downed Par-
themax in a Common
Gallop.
Moringa Finally Left the Maiden
Class Odds On Beaten a Nose
by Hohenzollern.
The fine weather attracted a good-
B'zed attendance to the races at Oak
land yesterday and the spectators were
confronted with some large fields from
•which to pick winners. The bookmak
ers had the best end of it, though, for
the two year old filly Maud Ferguson
■was the only favorite to land the coin.
P. A. Finnegan was the longest
priced winner of the afternoon, taking
the opening event at odds of 10 to L
The sport was marked by nothing of
a startling nature unless it was one or
two very braezy rides furnished by the
"Knights," but they are so common
that they have ceased to be a novelty.
There were twenty starters in the
opening five furlong scramble, and it
looked like taking a shot at the moon
to pick the winner. Those in on the
know hammered the odds against Los
Rosos down from 6 to 2 and nearly
cashed. The "hot thing" trailed Nun
comar to the stretch, where she as-
Burned the lead, only to be beaten out
by P. A. Flannegan, a 10 to 1 shot,
piloted by Mike Hennessy, and Sleepy
Jane was a sleepy third.
After finishing inside the money in
numerable times Moringa finally got
out of the maiden class. The Sobrante
gelding went to the post a 5 to 1 chance
In the betting on the five furlong spin
following, and, leading from the Jump,
won very handily from Aprona, a 12 to
1 shot with Stevens in the saddle,
which for the first time ran in the
colors of W. L. Stanfield. Cipriano, the
second choice, was third. Spencer's
ride on the hot favorite, Baracan, was
a walnut hard to crack.
Garnet Ferguson, after a long siege,
finally broke the ice with his Prince
Royal filly, Maud Ferguson in the two
year old event. Thorpe had the leg up,
and, showing clear of the field soon
after the start, won after a hard tussle
the last part less than a length in ad
vance of the 60 to 1 shot OJai, a son of
Sid, ridden by Ruiz. The winner was
played from fours down to 5 to 2.
The big chestnut colt Odds On came
to grief again in the mile selling run.
fourth on the card. He was in with
Clawson and ninety-one pounds in the
saddle, and was played as though the
race was over, going to the post at even
money. After making the running and
looking all over a winner he was chal
lenged by Spencer astride Hohenzol-
Jem the last furlong, and both driving
hard the favorite lost the verdict by a
nose in 1:42 1^. Benamela, heavily
played, refused to extend himself any
part.
Parthemax, the Burns & "Waterhouse
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -Oakland Track-113th day of the
Winter Meeting, Friday. March 11. 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
"TOO FIRST RACE— Five furlongs;
609 P. A. Flnnegan. 3.. 107; 2
... Los Rosas, 4 114; 9
$91 Sleepy Jane. 4 ....114, 7
... Nuncomar, 4 116 i 1
708 Hertha. 3 1041 5
686 Durward. 4 116 8
674 Kummel. 3 102,10
... Charline Lemon, 3. .102 U
650 Oahu. 3 102 17
710 Rrsa, 3 102 IS
GO4 Rebekah, 4 114119
664 Vivo. 4 11C 6
... Key d' Amour. 3 IT* 12
... Adanango, 3 10JI15
652 Padrone. 3 107 4
... Cyaro. 3 104 20
664 Mary N'leve*, 5 118.14
452 Jim 3rownell, I 107 3
705 Santa Cataiina. 3. . 102 13
4€4 Springfield. 5 12016
7 1
2 H
3 1
1 3
9 h
4 h
8 1
io 4
12
13
5 4 .
C 4
14
n
15
16
17
18
19
20
ill
1 j Hennessy
4 iConley
3 McDonald ...i
h !C. Sloan
1 V.\ Taylor ...
2
1 Holmes
1 Hasslnger
2 < 'lawson
3 iO" Connor
1 Gouin
.StufHet
! Raymond
Spencer
■Van Kuren ..
McElhanon ..
;E. Jones
jj. Woods ....
:R. Narvaez ..
ißurck
'4 '" ; '- ; 8
6 2
7-2 10
10 10
15 ' 15
15 25
15 30
30 75
6 10
8 10
20 60
30 100
20 40
20 6
20 100
30 100
7-2 10
C S
20 30
20 100
Time 1:02 V Winner, Theo. Winter's eh. c. by El Rio Rey-Hettie Humphreys,
start. Won first three driving.
Good
An SECOND RACE— Five furlongs ; maiden three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
.m.
657 Moringa, 3 I<H 1
674 Aprona. 3 102 1U
... Ciprtano. 3 107; S
... Baracan, 3 102; 6
671 Eroira, 3 102; 8
607 Texarkana. 3 107|12
70S San Durango, 3 107 3
TlO Matnbar. 3 H>7 7
... Applejack. 3 107 11
711 Muldrew. 3 107 4
264 Royal Nan, 3 102 1 2
6SS Whirlwind 11, 4 . .114 t>
... Pelxottt) 11. 4 Uti;i3
3 h
2 2
4 Vk
5 2
10 h
11 3
1 4
6 h
\\
12
13
3 2
2 %
5 4
7 1
6 4
9 2
1 h
4 4
8
10
11
12
13
...
1 _^_____
13 R. Narvaex . .
2 4 Stevens
3 4 Conley
4V4 Spencer
6 1 Woods
6 % H. Brown ....
7 % Van Kuren ..
8 6 Hennessy ....
3 1 Macklln
10 2 Dorsey
11 3 ' O'Connor ....
12 H. Martin ...
13 'Freeman
4
6
4
8
8
15
15
20
8
20
8
15
20
C
10
7-2
6-5
10
30
30
20
10
60
30
15
100
Time. 1:02%.
three driving.
Winner. J. Conway's br. g. by Sobrante-Loma.
Good start.
Won first
CU A ' THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse,
Z.*\* $350.
698 Maud Ferguson ..,.108 2
... Ojal 103| 4
718 Master Buck 101; 3
650 Zacatoso 106! 7
597 Crossmollna 106 3
... Leo Vertner 106 10
711 Raclvan 98: 5
698 San Augustine ....107 6
698 Canace 93 12
651 La Parasseuse 98 1
698 Ely 104 13
603 Prince Will 101! 9
680 Ellen Wood 98115
£31 Loyalle 103 11
... Gcraldine B ........103 14
711 Mow brae ..1091 *
15 3
3 %
« 7*
4 4
8 1
6 4
9 2
6 2
.7 1
10 1
2 1
12
11 1
13
,«■'■• 14 '" ;:
15
1 h Thorpe
2 C Ruiz
3 h Spencer
■ 4 h ■H. Martin ...
6 2 Conley .......
61, Hennessy
7 1 Woods
8 % Burck ........
9 3 McN'lchols ...
10 % Clawson .
11 6 McDonald ...
12 % [Gray
13 h IO 1 Connor
14 .' . Cameron
15 Holmes ...
... H. Brown ....
4 13-5
30 60
10 15
5-2 6
6 10
10 10
15 15
16 If.
8 10
10 20
30 60
40 60
30 6u
60 100
10 30
8 4
•Left.
Time, :424. Winner. T. G. Fereuson's b. f. by Prince Royal-Blue Hood.
Yon .first three driving.
Good start.
oer fourth
; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
:. Horses.
647 Hohenzollern. 4.... 106: 7 3H 3 4 21 23 Ins
712 Odds On, 3 91 4 12 13 12 14 22
(709) Chappie. 4 MI 2 2 2 1 3 1 3 1 3 1
704 Wi'.llam 08. 6 102 1 fin 62 8 72 4S
706 Benamela, S 101 6 8 8 7hS Ch
706 Daylight. 6 106 5 63 6h 4h 6b 6h
675 Hermanlta. 6 101 8 71 73 Sh 4h 74
184 Stentor. 4^ &S 3 4 h 4 I S 2 6 1 B__
Time. i:42v,. Winner, VCUliaun Buuts & Son's b. h. by imp.
Good start. Won first three driving.
ISpencer I
IClawson j
iGray
Narvaez
H. Martin ...
IConley
IE. Jones
J. Woods ....}
Brutus-Brown
7-2 6
6-5 1
10 15
30 40
3 18-5
6 6
12 25
20 20
Maria.
7Oft FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; Belling; four-year-olds and upward-
C purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight. !St. Std. Vim. 4m. %m. SiF. Fin. I Jockeys! \Ox>. CL
- i
r.
612 Ace. 6 10S; 4 6% 7 4h 44 2 4 In Conley 2 8
(706) Parthemax, 4 105! 3 lh 2h 2h Hi 11 2 4 Thorpe 4-5 11-10
677 Argentina. 5 Ntj 1 4 4 Sh 7 5 4 3\ 8 1 Spencer 4 4
(682) Alvarado 11, 5 102; 5 3h 4h lh 21 6 £ 41 H Martin 6 6
707 Cabrilio. 6 10816 6h 54 31 3h 43 6 8 iWeaver . ..'. 12 20
715 Red G'.enn, a lttl 22h lh 61 7 64 620 20 30
706 Sonlro. 4... . ........102f 7 7 6 h 6 4 6 h 7_ ___ 7 istevens^. .'.'.'. 60 60
Time, 1:55. Winner, T. H. Ryan's b. g. by Fabulous-Punnle. Good~startT WoiT easily.
fX*7 SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
•_ v._« a'»[>)>t lOf * "Urn ILm " Hm c>. -C<l- I v -1^
6SI Blarney Stone 13
705 Duke of York 11... 1<
705 Little Alarm V
6?6 Watomba 1'
700 Prompto 1<
710 Fleming X
(700) Highland Ball 1<
710 Na Po»ue 11
604 Daily Racing Form.X
70S Magnus X
679 Melvln Burnham ..1'
567 IrriUtor 1(
I
1
2'
3
4
9
10
8
11
7.
I
12
2 h
4 h
' 1 2
6,1 -.
3 1
12
10 1
7 h
6 4
11
5 %
» M
2 h
6 h
1 1
4 2
3 b
11
6 h
7 4
10 3
9 3
8 8
12
? H
6%
i 4
4 4 '
8 1
7 1
6 h
8 2
9 1
10 1
11
12 v
1 ;
1 h !H. Martin ...
2 4 Spencer ......
3 4 Dorsey ...
41' Jones ;
8 4 Conley .......
. I h (McDonald ...
.71 Holmes
8 1 H. Brown ...
8%. Gray
10 1 Stevens ..:.;.
11 4 Macklln
12 Taylor 1......
artln ... 6 5-2
er 6 7
y 20 15
6 8
f 5-2 3
nald ... 20 60
es 7-2 6
rown ... 30 60
5 10
is 20 SO
!ln 20 30
r '. M 200
Good start. Woa
Time. 1:
"•t three d
Winner, F. Brown'a eh. c.
entry, carried a world of coin to win
the mile and a furlong, his price at
post time being 11 to 10. He headed his
company into the stretch, where Con
ley, who had been lying back in the
bunch with Tom Ryan's entry. Ace, cut
loose and actually rolled in, leading the
favorite over the line a neck, with Con
ley smiling at Thorpe. Argentina ran
into the show. The winner was 3 to 1
in the ring.
By clever riding "Skeets" Martin
landed Blarney Stone winner of the
last race of the day. a six furlong sell
ing affair. The chestnut colt was
backed down from 5 to 1 to 13 to 5,
and finishing strong on the outside beat
Duke of York a head. Little Alarm, a
60 to 1 shot, after making the running,
tired and finished in the show.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race — Three-quarters of a mile; three
year-olds and upward.
657 Bonnie lone .... 99i 717 Satlcoy 99
459 Roßormonde 941 70S The Ace 101
635 Recreation 94! 703 Charlemagne ...107
60S Prince Blazes .. 99; 714 California 108
717 Master Mariner. 96: 709 Kin* William.. .ll3
652 Metalre 1101 560 Sherburne Sand. 110
710 Mordecat 104 ; 721 Lone Princess ..105
586 St. CaJatlne ....104! 717 Lucky Star .^...117
Second Race— Three-quarters of a mile; four
year-olds and upward; gelling.
611 Mamie 0 91 620 Rlcardo 106
70* Pat Murphy ....106 709 La Mascota 104
578 Florlmel 8S 664 Cavallo 93
701 Silver State .... 91 704 Sutton 98
321 Oold Bug 106 714 Earl Cochran .. 95
717 Twinkle Twink. lol 581 Alvln E 90
7^6 Miss Ruth 91 704 Howard 107
61 Santa Paula ...101 684 Pleasanton 80
608 Tim Murphy ...93 721 Robalr 106
669 Nervoso 101 720 Don Fulano 106
675 Schnltz 961
Third Race— furlongs: two-year-olds; i
selling; Racing Stakes; $1000.
711 Purmlah 105 658 Frank Ireland. .lo6
4CO Bonlbel 99 478 Distance 102
68S Gold Scratch ...104 711 Buena Ventura. 99
711 Toluca 99 <711)Semlcolon 102
Fourth Race— One mile; Baldwin Hotel Handi
cap; all ages.
714 Libertine 110 (691) Ostler Joe 119
(713)Traverser 111, (13)Vlnctor • 116
719 Flashlight 110 (715) Lincoln II 100
(671)Napamax 102 1 713 Linstock 93
713 Marplot 96 (623) Judge Denny ...10S
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; four- '
year-olds and upward; selling. V - j/.
720 Lost Girl 101 719 Don Clarenclo..loo
(G<»«)The!ma 95 (715)Llncoln II 103
(726) Ace 106 1 617 Don Daniel 100
715 Serena • 95! 693 Walter J.. 106
706 Hey del Tierra..lool
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and .
upward; selling.
699 Mamie Scot .... 931 709 Sea Spray 106
714 Bellicoso 102 703 Roadwarmer ...106
721 Callente 1091 709 Major Cook 93
7'l Peixotto 99 257 San Mateo 110
709 Miss Ross 104 717 Spt. McAllister. 96
714 R. Q. Ban 106 ! ... Yemen 106
721 Sly .' 101 ! 693 OTleeta 106 i
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Recreation, St. Calatlne.
Second Race— Howard, Twinkle Twlnk.
Third Race— Burns & Waterhouse's stable,
Frank Ireland.
Fourth Race— Burns & Waterhouse"» Btable.
Ostler Joe. "
Fifth — Ace, Lincoln 11.
Srxth Race— Bel Yemen.
CALVARIAN SOCIETY.
It Will Hold an Unusually Impres
sive Service To-morrow.
To-morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock, tne
third of the Calvarian Society series of
services being held will take place at St.
Gary's Cathedral. There will be the
•'Way of the Cross " and benediction. The
sermon of ..ie occasion will be delivered
by Rev. Charles A. Ramm, the director of
the society. His suDJect will be "God's
Silence"; the text "But he answered him
nothing" (Luke xxiii:9). The music will be
rendered by the recently organized choir
of fifty mixed voices assisted oy Miss
Julia Cunnlngnam. soprano; Miss Mac
Corlett. contralto; Daniel Deasy and
George Haywards. barytones, and L. A.
Larsen, basso. The programme will be
as follows; "Stabat Mater" and "Venl
Creator" (in English), by the congrega
tion- 'O Cor Amoris" (arranged), male
quartet, "O Salutaris" (Rossini);
quartet and chorus; "Tantum Ergo"
(Beethoven), chorus a capella. Catholic ;
people generally attend these services.
NEW YORK— Arrived— Nomadic, Liverpool.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
WAR IN THE
LABOR COUNCIL
A Revival of Old Fac
tional Fights Threat
ened.
Efforts Will Be Made to "Turn
Down" the Old Leaders
and Advisers.
The Printers Are Anticipating Some
Trouble in Local Book and
Job Offices.
The old spirit of rivalry in the San
Francisco Labor Council seems about j
Ito be revived, and last night's j
meeting was the stormiest one held in ;
many months, but the members of the
; various factions say that this is only j
the beginning, and it will be continued
until the present ruling power is j
"turned down."
The trouble started over an invita- j
I tion received frc-m the Western Miners*
' Association to send delegates to a labor
convention, to be held under the aus
pices of that body in Salt Lake City on
May 10. The matter of sending dele
■ gates was hardly under consideration, j
as the council is financially unable to j
take any such action, but the invitation
afforded a good opportunity for the two j
! factions to display themselves to ad- ]
vantage. Mr. Rosenberg of the Sailors' :
: Union spoke first. He was in favor of ;
not only refusing the request for dele
gates, but of putting the council on <
record «s opposed to the holding of the
convention, as he claimed to have in- '
i formation from inside sources that it
was the object of this convention to j
breaJc the power of the American Fed
eration of Labor in the West.
Delegate Robbins of the Typographi
cal Union immediately seized on this
as an opportunity to oppose Rosenberg,
or, in fact, anything that the sailor J
favored. He accordingly moved ;
that the resolution be simply filed, and
nothing more said about it. This start
ed the ball rolling with full force, and
for an hour and a half the delegates
kept things going in the warmest man
ner, arguing back and forth on the i
question or anything else that might
suggest itself. When the vote was !
finally taken it showed that Rosen- j
berg's side had won out by a small ma
jority.
In speaking of the matter afterward
Mr. Robbins said that he was not op- j
posed to the action taken so much as
be was to the side which had come |
out victorious. "There is one crowd," |
he said, "who have been running this
council too long, and if they are let j
alone they will simply kill it. I op
posed that motion more because Rosen
berg made it than for any other rea
son, and I will continue to oppose any
thing that he or any of his clique at
tempt to carry through. If the at- j
tendance had been a little better I j
would have carried the day, as a ma- \
Jority of the delegates realize that a
Change is needed here, and the sooner
it is made the better."
The delegates from the unions repre
sented reported trade matters generally '■
as quiet and work fairly good. The j
printers are anticipating a little trou
ble in enforcing the nine-hour work- I
day in book and Job offices. The new |
schedule of time is to go into effect on
the 4th of April, but protests have been i
received from about fifty of the larg- ;
est offices in the city, backed by the j
claim that they cannot afford to make '
this change. Arbitration committees j
have been appointed from both sides,
but the chances of an amicable settle- j
ment at present look very slim, as the
printers have no authority to make any
concessions to the proprietors on this ;
particular question, unless a slight ex
tension of time. The new international ;
law forbids any printer working over \
nine hours per day, but gives each '
local union the option of selecting the
time to enforce the new rule, provided ;
it be not later than June 1. 1898.
The Iron molders have had a little j
! trouble at the Pacific Rolling Mills, but '
the dissatisfied workmen have not as !
yet deemed it necessary to call in the
| assistance of the union, and the mills
I are now what is termed an "open
shop."
~—+
Dr. Orpen Must Wait. * >
The examination of Dr. Arthur Herbert
Orpen was postponed in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday until next Wed- !
nesday. Orpen is wanted by the author- j
ities of Auckland. New Zealand, «nn a i
charge of murdpr. he being- accused of !
; having caused the death of a woman by
a criminal operation.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
i until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
333 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner •Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
232 C Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until '.<:3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
I streets: open until a o'clock.
CHIRCH NOTICES.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, Golden
Gate aye. and Polk »t.— Rev. M. M. Gibson, \
D.D., pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 i
p. m. The pastor will preach morning and
evening. Subject for evening. "Religion—
What Good Is It?" The second in the popu-
lar lecture course will be delivered on Tues- I
day evening, the loth Inst., at this chourch,
by Rev. E. R. Dille; subject. "Love, Court- !
ship and Marriage." Don't fall to hear this
lecture. Both theme and speaker bespeak a
rich and rare treat.
STRANGERS' Sabbath Home, Howard-st.
Methodist Episcopal Church, 643 Howard St.,
bet. Second and Third, two blocks from Pal-
ace Hotel— Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
pastor. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. in.
by Rev. Clarence True Wilson, Ph.D.. the
eloquent young son of the pastor. Morning
subject. "The Witness of the Spirit"; even-
ing subject, "The Pre-eminence of Christ."
Special music by chorus. Boys' Brigade, I
Ladies' Choral and Antlphonal Choirs. Sab- |
bath school, Normal and Bible classes at 12:30 |
p. m. Great Epworth League rally at C:l5 ;
p. m. Week night services— Monday, Pro- I
fessor Schultz Choral Society, instruction
free; Tuesday, Pentecostal and Probationers'
classes: Wednesday, midweek prayer, praise
and salvation service and reception to Dr.
Wilson, the pastor; Thursday, reception to
strangers; Friday. Boys' Brigade Bible clas>«
and drill. Companies F and G. All are al-
ways welcome at all times. Seats free.
OLIVET Congregational Church, Seventeenth
and Noe sts.— Rev. H. T. Shepard. Subjects
for Sunday, March 13: Morning. "Christ and
the Law"; evening, "Filial Honor."
A SERIES of free lectures on "The Lord
Coming." illustrated with a large chart, will
be held D. V. in the hall, 133S Mission St.,
near Tenth, commencing Sunday evening at
7:30; come; bring your Bibles.
MEETING NOTICES.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st.. San
Frnnclsco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 28th day
of March, 1898, at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18. 1898. at 12 o'clock m.
BOBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
MEETING NOTICE? — Continued.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. ' •-v; uu 'K~-
I. O. O. F. — Regular meeting : __r_BS__-
THIS EVENING. First degree 'SgjsSQ^
will be conferred
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process ■ from John E. Burton In the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelumne Hill. Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings in Chile
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company,
in the Harvllle mine, near Place.rvllle. El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings In Martinez
Creek; from A. B. Jacks. in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, In the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
. posit tailings in a ravine, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on March 2S,
1898. at 1:30 p. m. - .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow-shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
ALVINE HALL and assistant genuine cabinet
baths. 15Va Turk st. and 1118 Market.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Kearny st., room 9.
ROOMS papered, $2 50 up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty-fourth st., or 239, Third st.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
net baths, $1. 17A Sixth St., room 1. . ' ;J:
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor Bt.
ANIMALS, blrd3 and. reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK, the Zoo. San Francisco.
! MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 906 Market st., room 22.
' BAD tenants . ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery at., room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary st., room 11.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye.: e'.ec-
trlclan; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notlce-fDividend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnscn Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Monday, March 21, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15. IS9B, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
i NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse or second girl. $10 to
j $15; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter.
COMPETENT German cook and housework
girl desires situation; 3 years last place.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LADY desires position as housekeeper, nurse
or traveling companion; city or country. Ad-
dress 131 Montgomery st., room 21.
COMPETENT woman wants work at washing
or housecleanlng by day. .Apply or address
225 Minna st.
(WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
| i work; best of city references. 312 Clementina.
PLAIN sewing and mending done at 126 Fourth
st., room 2.
LADY wishes housekeeper's position or plain
mending. 122 Taylor St.. room 9.
; STYLISH dressmaker wishes re-engagement,
$160; dresses made over: suits made in two
days. Address L., 1941 Mission f=l
WANTED— By Nova Scotia Protestant girl,
cook and housework in private family. 109
Leavenworth st.
| AN elderly German lady wishes to take a
child to board. 30 Willow aye., off Larkin.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain mending.
SI9B Howard St.. room 3.
REFINED woman would like chamber work
or housework, 2 or 3 In family, where she
would be treated same as family. 1219 Mission.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
housekeeper; good cook; city or country; best
of references. 1920 Howard St., top floor.
WANTED— By a first-class cook, a position In
private family or small boarding house. Call
or address 1024 Jackson st.
WANTED— Situation as linen woman or
straight chamber work In hotel; country pre-
ferred: best city references. , Address C. L.
R., 327 Clementina st.
TAILORESS wants work: good buttonhole
feller and padding: * city or country.- Ad-
dress C. LUTHER. 118 O'Farrell st. «
COMPETENT woman wf»he» position as cook;
fin>t-cla»ii nrfcr»neo»;»clty or country. Ad-
dress Cook, box 9, Call office, Oakland.
BY respectable lady, would like position as
housekeeper; city. Box H, 333, Call office.
COLORED girl desires situation as lady's
maid or second girl. 503 Hyde st.
PRACTICAL and thoroughly first-class ladles'
tailor from Paris. London and New York,
with some good experience in cutting and
fitting, wants a situation in a first-class
house. Box 1600, Call office.
i WANTED — By trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country. 110
Sixth st.
LADY wishes plain sewing and repairing to do
at home. 116 Sixth St., room 6. ..'■':.■■
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission St., corner
I of Seventh, room 10.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 989 Howard st., cor.
Sixth, room 14,
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position as
housekeeper; country preferred. Call 109 A
Powell St.. room 89.
: MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office: house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Gen. Aoki. 30 Geary.
! JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. »05 Geary st.
i JAPANESE employment office: work day.
hour or evening. l:> 2*4 O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414& OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office — Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 423.
POSITION of trust by young man. age 30; ca-
pable of taking entire charge of private
place; is good gardener; references. Box 2046.
Call office.
BARKEEPER Just from the East wishes situ-
ation;, good references. Box 2053, Call office.
TRAVELING salesman of considerable experi- |
ence wants side line on commission; tea, eof- ]
fee or a line to fell to hotels or restaurants;
commission to be paid when goods are ac- :
cepted by the buyer; 1 carry Bradstreet. Ad-
dress Commercial Traveler, box 1492, Call.
YOUNG man wishes employment as book-
keeper or cashier: have experience and good
references; city preferred. Address box 2066,
Call 1 office. .
ELDERLY man wants position to take care of
gentleman's place In country; good gardener;
can milk cows; understands raising vege-
tables. S. N. MA HONEY. 936 Church st.
BARBER, first-classman, 29 years of age,
married, wants steady work in first-class
shop only. Address L. LAMBERT, 431 Sixth.
I HARNESS maker wants situation; city or
country. 9r>."^ Howard st.
YOUNG man of 22, handy with tools, desires
position of some kind: Box 2056. Call.
MAN wishes position as cook In hotel or board-
Ing house; country preferred. Box 2059, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26. 7 years' experience,
references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern;' moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box 25,
Call office.
BY respectable man, clerical work evenings, 6
to 9:30; good references; or will take any
kind of honorable employment. M., box 44,
Call office. ■■'",,
! MAN and wife as janitors; : will do all repairs
or fixing to tenants' satisfaction. Address M.
TUCKER. lIS O'Farrell st. * '
CARPENTER by trade; handy with all kinds
of tools; accustomed to management of : real
property;, low wages. ,C. X.. box 12, Call. ■■
AN accomplished middle-aged German gentle-
man desires Immediately any employment. in
■ city or country- Address E. M.. box 101. Call.
] JAPANESE young man wants a situation to do
I school boy. Address YAMADA, 1329 Pine st.
MAN wants situation as gardener or to take
care of horses; handy about the house. ,' 709^4
. Buchanan st. ,
YOUNG- man wants ; situation: any kind of
work; - city or country; understands cows,
horses, garden: reference. Address J. A.
MacDONALD. 214 Third st.
ENGLISH groom, middle aged, steady and reli-
- able, wants work; good city references: small
wages.-; Address Groom, box 1 1490, v Call ojflce.
BUSINESS men— Practical bookkeeper and of-
fice manager wants to fill vacancy occasioned,
by Klondike exodus or ■• otherwise. Account-
ant, 1212 Castro St., Oakland. ' r :
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.'. near Mar-
■ ket: 20 rooms, ; 26c : to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
week: convenient' and -respectable; free 'bus
: and baggage to and from fer-y.
MONEY, loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry ;
I low Interest., UNCLE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— Swedish laundress. $30; laundress,
country, $30; French cook. $40; French or
German nursery governess, 2 grown children.
$30; German cook, $30; German and Swedish
girls for housework, $20 and $25; waitress,
restaurant, $5 a week. LEON ANDRE, 308
Stockton st.
| WAITRESS, $20; German second girl. $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper, $20. country. MISS
I CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
: REFINED North German second girl and
i seamstress. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
I TWO cooks, $30 and $35. MISS CULLEN, 325
! Sutter st.
! REFINED middle-aged woman, $15. MISS
j CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
I SECOND girl, across the bay. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
THREE second girls. $25 and $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
CHAMBERWORK, sleep home, $8. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl as companion and assist house-
work. $15. MISS CULL JEN, 325 Sutter st.
CATHOLIC nursegtrl. $12. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK. $40. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
RANCH cook for Colllnsvllle, $.0: cook and
housegirl, Alameda, $25. see party here 11
o'clock; housegirl. Berkeley, $20. see party
here 10 o'clock; 4 houseglrls. $20; housekeeper,
widower's family, $12. see party here 10 a.
m. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 108 Geary st.
TWO waitresses for Marysvllle, fare paid, $20
and $22 50: 2 waitresses for the Willows,
Glenn County, $17 £0 and fare paid; waitress
for Napa County, $15: 3 waitresses for a first-
class water resort. $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 108 (Jean- st.
FIRST-CLASS ironer for ladies' wear, for the
country. $25 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
TWO waitresses, country hotel. $20. fare paid,
soe party here at 10 to-day; 6 waitresses, ho-
tels and restaurants, $20 and $25. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st_
PROTESTANT cook, a short distance. $25:
second girl, across the bay. $25: German
chambermaid and nurse, $25; laundress and
chambermaid. $25; 5 cooks, private families,
$25; girl for housework, 3 In family, across
the bay, $20, see lady here at 10:30 to-day, and a
great many girls to fill our numerous situa-
tions in city and country. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, country hotel, $20; waitress,
first-class country hotel, $22 50. fare paid:
girls for housework, etc. MURRAY &
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 42" Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
EXPERIENCED labelers at once. Western
Food Product Co.. 507 Fifth s^
GIRL on coats for hand and machine. 473 Te-
hama st.
GIRL wanted to attend to children; German
preferred. IS3O Eddy st.
WOMAN. 22 to 25. light housekeeping; $8
monthly; one in family. Box 2051, Call.
GIRL to do light housework. 3422 Twenty-fifth.
FIRST-CLASS weavers on wrappers, etc. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 328 Fell St.
I WANTED— An experience!', waist hand at 1264
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— GirI to assist in light housework.
Apply 100S Sacramento st.
GIRL for hourework. $l n a month. 23 r « Sutter.
; OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
Ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32H Fremont st.
LADIES— Sunny rooms: respectable house;
I from 2.c nipht and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh j_t.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking an.l mlilln<-ry; positions
free; patterns ?sc. McDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 14 McAllister
St.; monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
MALE HELP WASTED.
WANTED— Boy to run elevator: waiter, small
restaurant, $30; waiter, plain hotel. $20;
waiter boy; second cook. $6~>; cook, institution,
$30; French porter. $25: Ironer, hand laundry.
$9 a week; apprentice, $15. and others. AN-
DRE'S. 316 BtOCKton st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, country hotel. $40 and round: cook, city,
plain hotel, $35 and found; baker, country ho-
tel; third cook, city hotel, $25; second cook,
chophouse. $7 w<eek; 6 waiters, 125 and $20;
pantryman. $25: 3 choreboys. different places.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay nt.
BARTENDER, $4.' an.l found, city Job. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay at.
MINING shift Loss for a gravel mine: young
man with some knowledge of wagon wood-
work- 2 coal miners; butter-maker. $20 and
found. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
5C WOODCHOPPERS, $1 2:> and $1 a cord: 189
tiemakers, Sc, 9c and 10c each; 6 milkers, $25
and $20; 15 farm, orchard and vineyard hands.
MURRAY * READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS
Do you want the best help? Then send your
orders to us. We will send help that will
prove competent without cost to you. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agenta, G34-t!3is Clay St.: telephone Main SSIB.
I HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $120;
meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $60;
cook, country hotel. $40; cook, chop house.
$12 a week; vegetable cook. $30. C R. HAN-
SEN _ CO., 10S Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, $60. country hotel;
baker, small hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 10S Geary st.
3 WAITERS, country hotel. $35 and free fare;
4 waiters, different country hotels, $25: 3
waiter boys, $15. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 10S
Geary st.
FRENCH chef, country hotel. $S0: French chef,
hotel $75; meat cook, country hotel, $75. O.
R. HANSEN _ CO.. 108 Geary st.
WANTED— IO timber fellers. $35 to $40; 7 bark-
ers, $30; 5 crosscut sawyers. $35; 15 laborers
for country, $20 and increase; 10 tiemakers,
Be. 9c and 10o: 3 boatbuilders, $3 50 day; 4
ship carpenteis; milker. $20; farmer. $20;
choremen, $8. $10 and $12, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. G2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— First and second cook for city.
$105; errand boy for country. $7 a month and
found; hotel waiter, country, $30; hotel cook,
country; restaurant waiters. city and
country, and others. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT '& CO.. C2S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Cook and wife for mill crew, $65.
see boss in city. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
: THE Clerks' Exchange does not sell positions;
the management will not promise or guar-
antee situations; the business is operated
strictly upon a subscription basis: investi-
gate. 313 Bush St.; 6 Pacific Coast offices;
one membership fee covers all.
LIQUOR salesman, city trade; dress goods
salesman. South. 313 Bush St.
DRY goods clerks; dress goods clerks; general
store clerks; head cook. 313 Bush St.
: TRAVELING salesmen for gents' furnishings,
i wines, gums; grocery clerk. 313 Bush st.
I HOTEL clerk; bus driver; second cook; ma-
chinists: 10 young men for toys and general
departments. 313 Bush St.
WANTED — Harness-makers, stenographers and
laundress. Apply at once Free Employment
Office. 102S Market St., room 24.
j PORTF.R and runner, country hotel. $20: must
I be experienced. HOT_L GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st.
j TWENTY first-class waiters for banquet. Call
! at 10:30 this morning, secretary's office, P. C.
Waiters' Association, r. 3. 5 Stockton; yo fee.
I WANTED— Several faithful persons to manage
i our business from their own towns; salary
I $900 and expenses; references; Inclose self-ad-
! dressed stamped envelope. The Dominion
■ Company, Department N, Chicago.
| GOOD lathe hands, boilermakers and plpe-
| makers wanted by The Risdon Iron Works,
Beale and Howard sts. Apply Howard st.
I entrance.
WANTED— A bright young man as clerk and
salesman for hardware and paint store. Ad-
dress box 2045, Call office.
BOY to I'-arn designing; no salary while learn-
ing. Call between 9 and 10 a. m., 529 Clay
St.. room 7.
BARBER wanted; steady; good wages on Sat-
urday. 797 Mission st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st.
I GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1920
Polk st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1100V4
Howard st.
BARBER wanted on Saturdays. 504 Montgom-
ery aye.
BARBER wanted early. 436 Bush St.
BARBER wanted for Saturday only. 1006 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— Barbers. 207 Fourth st.
2 BARBERS for Saturday and Sunday. 105
Fourth st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
1211 Market st. ■
BARBER— chance to make $2 50 after 11
a. m. no college student:. 26 Hayes «t. . .'
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 21 East
street. ■ ■ '*' ; - :
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 1148 Folsom
street.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
229 Hayes st.
BARBER wanted at 1113 Valencia St., bet. 22d
and 23d, for Saturday and Sunday.
FUR canvassers wanted at the Yokohama Fur
Co., 204 Sixth st. -
WANTED— Second cook. 1012 Battery St.
WANTED— First-class electric wlreman. . Ap-
ply.L. B. HETTY, 126 Eddy st.
BOOTBLACK wanted: steady; $7 a week; com-
mence Monday. 105 Fourth St.
YOUNG man to assist as gardener. 410 Maple
st., bet. Sacramento and California.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. 604 Jes-
sie St.. cor. Seventh.
BARBERS' Assn Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye. ; tel. Grant 136.
SOLICITORS, male or female. In each town
and city; staple article; factory to consumer;
exclusive territory; I permanent position; $60
to $100 monthly; established 7 years. Box
2215. Call office. - : .
GREEN hands and seamen; good Job for sum-
mer; come early. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Drug clerk. German preferred.
Call after 9 a. m.. 158 Eddy st.
EXPERIENCED dress, domestic and fancy
goods salesmen. Box 2060, Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS loom fixer to fix fancy looms.
Address SAN JOSE WOOLEN MILL, San
Jose. Cal. ' :';: ' ; ; ' r
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of . the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office, Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Presser on pants. 8 Grant aye.,
upstairs. •
WANTED — First-class waiter. Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st.
WANTED— 2 thoroughly experienced dress
goods salesmen. Apply 523 Market st., room
" 7, from 2 to 4 p. m. -
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
• first-class workman. H. GHANG. machine
works. 105 Fremont st. _■ "
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string, to
Join orchestra for social purposes. Apply A.
MATTHIEU. 32S Bush st. . .
WANTED — At Montana | House*, 764% Mission
Ft., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. Me and $1 per week.
MAN able to speak German or French in wine-
house as barkeeper: also must know how to
sell goods Indoors; only one of good charac-
ter need apply. Box 1495. Call office. >:;.■■::
PHOTOGRAPHY — Wanted outdoor operator
with -outfit; good chance for live man. Box
2069, a Call office. _^
WANTED— men to occupy clean rooms at
2 nights for 25c or 75c week. 105 New Mont-
gomery st. .
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy.. 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 »hird tt. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth st. ■
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 863V4 (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c. 25c
to 50c per night; $1 to $2 week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night; «1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
SOLICITORS • for ; "The Beautiful Life of Miss
Frances E. Wlllard"; published under the
auspices and Indorsed by the W. C. T. U. :
the only official book: prepared by Anna Gor-
don, for 21 years Miss Wlllard's secretary;
beautifully Illustrated; only $2; tremendous
demand: bonanza for agents: superb book:
liberal commissions; complete outfit 60c.
JOHN E. HOHAM & CO.. authorized dis-
tributors, 334 Dearborn St.. Chicago. 111.
WANTED— In every city on the coast for Rex
Incandescent Gas Lamps. J. HENDERSON,
:>iv> Stockton st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion ft.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 1» Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
815 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
icilptlonr and want ids taken.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted— Man to travel: must have
$100; big profits; exclusive novelty; no com-
petition. Call 505 Larkln st.
STRICTLY temperate man, 26 years' expe-
rience, good cook, wishes partnership In res-
taurant. Box 2054. Call Office.
PARTNER with $5000; good-paying Invest-
ment: will pay to Investigate. Box 2057. Call.
PARTNER wanted in the house-moving busl-
ness. Apply 431 Hayes st. . ■ ■
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished or unfurnished house,
four or five rooms, with a kitchen; also good
yard Apply F. A. E., Gailhard Hotel. 507
. Pine st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY will teach piano or . singing in return
for room. Box 2041. Call office.
WANTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Kodak or small camera; good con-
dition 125 Sixth st : ■
HORSE wanted for light wagon. Call 410. Ma-
ple St.. between California and Sacramento.
WANTED — 100 goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo. Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. ... -..•_•*
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. " Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc. 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue. JgjSRSI
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy; etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50: low rates per week and month. > _
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mm
Ingr. mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. ISC4. VAN DER NAILEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes - you
thorough. Room 572. 850 Market St.
FISK Agency, 525 Market st. : Teachers fur-
nished; public: private; governesses, tutors.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st. ; 124 positions In '96: 103 in '97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day, night: $'. mo. i 1504 Market, op. sth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal " lessons,
$.1 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano,, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
CARPED CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINU'S < ■ Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating.
alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. ; 3 Eighth ; st. : tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. .
_C A^R PET^FOR SALE
10,000 YARDS carpets' for' sale 15c per yard
and upward. ; Monarch . Carpet .Cleaning
Works, 115 Tenth st. Tel. Mint 1779.
PERSONALS.
BOXING and Vagr'puncnTng taught by . an ex-
pert, thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460, Call office.
STRONG healthy young man wants to b»
staked to the Klondike.; can easily arrange.,
Box 1506, Call office. —^^^^
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage, call or send 10c for
I February "Wedding Bell": 14 pages: no $5 re-
quired. Editor. HI Ellis ft. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS^
SHAMR^c¥s^cTsTlpa7ricl?rDay from Dub-
lin. Kildare, Wicklow and Cork Counties,
mailed 15c. $110 per dozen;, 50 upward, half,
price; remember '98; order before 15th. MO-
LONEY, 327 Buena Vista St.. Los Angeles.
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties: it never falls to relieve in one day; no,
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $5 order,
after which it can be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months; office hours. 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO.. 36% Geary St.,
San Francisco. ■
WANTED— First-class old violin; lady's si*e.
GEO. M.. box 1173, Call Office.
NEW method massage, electric theatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON. IIB Grant ay.
THE correct dressing of the hair is highly im-
portant: my artists are correct; 25c only.
Good switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50:
extra heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops falling or thin-
ning out. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
26c to $1 50 pe~ night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS — CO.. 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish!
■ movement. 906 Market, room 25. second floor.'
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co., 22 Stockton st. : phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L..
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Sth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale .figures. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 88.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 60c.
gents sl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
FANNIE DAVIS, returned; card reader. 122
Post St., room, 11, second floor.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers t<t
all questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921>4 Mission: German spoken.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120% Geary st.
MME. RA VENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader. magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader; 2.'c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSEN. the fortune-teller; last week
in city. Call now 148 Sixth St., room 5. '
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession: never falls; advice; help. 929 Post.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist: life read-
ings, 25c; satisfaction guarant'd. 28 Sixth st.
MME. SVAENSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller: 25c. 441 Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123/4 Sixth St., room 14. .
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St., room
2; mind-reader and palmist. ■ •
SPIRITUALISM. : '-'
ENTERTAINMENT and social; Dr. Rinea* •
Spiritual Society, 909 Market St.. 8 p. m.
Sunday. 11. 2. 8 p. m. - .
TEST and healing circle to-nitrht. 8: 25c; Mrs.
Hovet and .Mrs. Waltham. 453 Polk st.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st. • _^ .
PROF. GEE; readings dally, test circle* -Tue..
Thur.. Frl.. 8 p. m. ; 25c. SBSH- Market St.-
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
mess-ages and advice. 21? Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM- . __
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera- A
peutics; private Instruction. 911 Van. Ness ▼
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec. -.
THOROUGH course in hypnotism, with d!-
ploma. $5. CAL. INSTITUTE. 4024 Geary st
'\:' MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW. WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 189 S. with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern In every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
Eame old piano made from 1549 scales?.
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top. to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, , this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Klngsbury.
The price is $225.
The address Is 526 Hayes at. - *
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
. do without when good instruments can be.
purchased from us at cash prices upon,
monthly payments of $3, $4, $5, 6, $7, $8. $9,
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded; no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
A FEW more bargains In second-hand pianos—
Ron 1 sen $123
Mathusek . 150
Augustus Baus _ Co 200
Cameron 250
Byron Mauzy ■ 300
BYRON MAUZY, pianos. 308-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of, Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell St. Pianos, organs
and - all other musical ; Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
' est. Everything possible done to please and
. satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano SO
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 .OTarrell. j^
ABSOLUTE bargains this week: Stelnway. 1
Steck, Conover, Chickering. Emerson, Hal-
let & Davis: all as good as new. THE F.
W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st. .
IF you want a bargain In ' a piano call at
Mauvals', 7t'9 Market St.; agency for the cele-
brated DECKER & SON pianos.
COLBY pianos are the best for the money In
the market: highest award at World's Fair: /
call and see for yourselves. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. SOS. 310. 312 Post st. -
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
PIANOFORTE: square grand; a bargain: $60;
cost $200. 130 Seventh st. ■
FOR sale cheap— Set high-pitch buffet clarin-
ets; nearly new. Coll 606 Gutter, room 11.
GREAT bargain; Standard upright (on stor-
age): party gone to Klondike; cheap. 208 Post.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented BUccess^2l^Post^st^^^^^^^^^^
$125— FINE upright: great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter St.. next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st. ./ ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. .2, Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 13S Ellis.
LOST.
MARCH 10— Lady's gold, watch; monogram M.
A. X. ; reward. .724V4 . Market st., room 1.
LOST— On or about February 9. gold throe-leaf
clover pin; 3 diamonds in ■- each leaf: $20 re-
ward. 912 Guerrero St. --;.•.■
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
• and Loan Society ■ of. San Francisco. In th« ,
name of JOHN JOSEPH WISEMAN JR.. No. gfe
217,942. The finder will please return to bank. \pr
TUESDAY evening,' lady's gold watch and fob:
monogram both sides; reward. 1922 Leaven-
- worth st. '. ■- - • ■ : -;-,-. -- ■ - - -' '*' "■
FOUND.
FOUND— A* Great . Dane; can have same : by
proving property ; and paying expenses. Ap-
ply 1609 Flllmore st., between 5 and 6 p. CnUbINES.3 CHANCES.
$550— BAKERY and coffee saloon across the
bay; six rooms; furniture Included; owner
owns the building; cheap rent. M. LESS.
765 Market st.
' — O R. saloon, among wholesale houses;
large V stock; rent cheap: paying trade; good
place" for 2 men. M. LESS, 765 Market st. ; —
$360— PARTNER wanted In restaurant; well
paying: principal: central: owner tired of un-
rellab'e help; sober man. M. LESS, 765 . Mkt.
GOOD old-established manufacturing business
in this city for sale; either cash or 1 will trade •
for city or country property; pricel ess than
value of stock and fixtures; no reasonable
offer refused: a grand opportunity, for any
one. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$700— RESTAURANT in largest manufacturing I
■ district of t^is city;, receipts $55 per day; j
Sroof furnished and trial given If you mean
usiness; rent only i'i'j. M. LESS, 765 Market. ;
$500— PARTNER wanted in a commission busi-
ness, established over 20 years, doing a good
paying business: best of references furnished;
thorough Investigation allowed; must be a
steady, sober man. M. LESS. TO.", Market st.
— $1500; old established saloon with 15 fur- '
Dished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market ets.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE, 783
■ Market st.
A $500 GROCERY and provlrion store In
choicest location In Oakland; established
many years and doing good business; I liv-
ing-rooms; rent $13. Inquire WILKE, 783
Market st.
$1500— Old-established and first-class paying sa-
loon, with living-rooms, close to Kearny and
Sutter sts ; actual value $2000; owner
compelled by sickness to sacrifice. WILKE.
753 Market st. •
PARTNER wanted In old-established
restaurant; doing a rushing business day
and night; overwork compels owner to take '
a good, reliable man as helper. Particulars
WII.Ki:. 788 Market St. -.; . ■.;: :■:
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel $950
Fruit store; best in the city 600
Stationery store In Hayes Va11ey........ 500
Restaurant, best in city.. 300'
Saloon; tine corner, down town 2000 ■
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
NEW and second-hand furniture store for sale
at a bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
BAKERY, large wen; receipts $40 day; biggest !
bargain ever offered. DECKER. 1020 Market, j
CIGAR-STAND, near Examiner office, worth
$1000. only $450. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
A— s2iO; HOME bakery; bargain at $500; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO.. 22Vi I
Geary st.
A— ssoo; SALOON and lunch, near theaters;
snap.
Saloon; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KREDO & CO., 22U Geary.
$175— BRANCH bakery, delicatesen and variety
store: 3 rooms; rent $15; receipts $10 day; bar-
gain on account departure. HEALY & CO.,
'.'l7 Market st.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar: a. bargain.
$S00 — Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
$250— Very nice cigar store; good location.
*300— Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S, 777 Market st.
TO capitalists— Several working miners hav-
ing consolidated 250 acres free and cement
gold-bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African conglomerate and tailings, will sell
all or part; good water facilities and roads;
4 miles from railroad: 35 miles from Stockton.
Address box 143, Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County, Cal. '..'-;_•
FOR SALE— Jewelry and pawnbroking busi-
ness, with stock on hand; established 18
years: on one of the best corners in- San
Francisco. Apply to J. B. LEWIS _ SON,
436 Montgomery st. bet. 12 and 1.
$500— GOOD laundry route, horse and wagon ;
small steam laundry: 4 furnished rooms pay
the rent; good location; going to Klondike.
Address box 2044, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS . 'hair barber shop; 2 living
rooms: 3 years' lease: building "Insured. Ad-
dress HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand. Cal.,
GROCERY and bar for sale; good location;
good trade; retiring .on account of Illness.
Box 2049, Call office.
THE Nickel saloon, near the new Postofflce
site, 130 Seventh st; $300 will purchase stock,
fittings, utensils, furniture, etc.: no agents.
SALOON stock and fixtures for sale; three liv-
ing rooms; good bargain. 236 Third st.
$3000 — MANAGING partner wanted In a sound,
profitable business; good salary to the right
man; references required. Box 2100, Call.
' HALF Interest in well-established butcher
business; centrally located; good-paying busi-
ness. Address box 4. Call office. Oakland.
$SSO— GROCERY, centrally located in Oakland;
elegant room; established trade. Address
■Grocer," box 11, Call office. Oakland.
.. — — — — — — — —
SALOON — Good bargain: good stand; no agent:
northeast cor. Third and Braunan sts. W.
-H_p,A.rxE.-- , _^___i_ — I
JOB printing office; over $700 a year guaran-
teed to purchaser. Box 2067, Call office.
SALOON for sale on account of sickness; bar-
gain. 2006 Fillmore st.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth, San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms: all new beds: on one floor;
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same, on investment of $2000 for
1597 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
■ ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of falling health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
OLD-ESTABLISHED grocery business; fine
stock; paying business; party retiring ac-
count age; also dwelling, 9 rooms; modern
Improvements; stable; lot 125x150; easy terms.
Lock box 343, Napa, Cal.
$150 INVESTED enables you to join enterprise
now yielding 150 per' cent monthly; no stock
or Klondike scheme; safe, practical success.
David Sloane, 110 St. Paul St.. Baltimore, Ml
— ONE-TENTH interest in advertising bus-
iness; at conservative estimate will net $5000
■ a year In S. F. ; Investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL, 107 Sixth st.
PLAT the races on our new system; $60 a
week on $100 capital guaranteed or no charge
for services. The American Turf Bureau.
rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market St., San Francisco.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts.. rent
$20+ 2 fine basements, off Market st., suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
LONG established wholesale produce commis-
sion business for sale; principals only. C. C,
box 18, Call office. •
' $350— A paying restaurant on Market St.; steady
boarders; oak furniture; rent $30. Address
box C. 47, Call office.
SALOON, 18 Sixth st.; a bargain to a, quick
cash buyer. Inquire between 8 and 9:30 a. m.,
A. McDonald. 25 Davis st. y . .
WANTED— Ladles' tailor; good cutter; fine
proposition.. WILSON, 1028 Market st.
CANDY and ice cream store; a bargain. 1422
Polk st. ' ■
CORNER grocery and bar; 2 living rooms; good
place for man and wife. 117 Fillmore st.
DOWN town saloon for sale. Apply National
Brewing Co.
OLD-ESTABLISHED news and stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business;
i am going to Alaska; make offer. 101",4 Fifth.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1500 Polk st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
Berry tt.. near Third.
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
PORTLAND agency this paper, 'inquire this
office or at 133 Third St.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento St.
HOUSES.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
WANTED— SO old horses free ' from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. • buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth St.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN * DOYLF.. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— Heavy 1-horse spring wagon; nearly j
new. 826 Hampshire St. '"■'■,'• I
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap i
for rash or installments; 1 fine top and open ;
buggy;: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. -. -
LEGAL NOTICKS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of- JACOB C. JOHNSON,- deceased, to the
creditors of, and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers, within • ten - months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
SON CO., No. 400 Market St., the same being
her place for the transaction of the business
of the said estate in the City and County of
Ban Francisco, State of California. I
ANNA E. JOHNSON,
Executrix of the' estate of JACOB C. JOHN-
BON, deceased. : .. ■ " '■■••■■■
Dated at San Francisco, February 24, 1838.
• ■  . - J. A. STEPHENS. :
Attorney for Executrix. ; Clans Spreckels build-
.- in*. - : -- - • : ' I
ALASIiA ENTERPRISES. I
KLONDI KE ~ ~ !
Wanted — 18 more men to go to Dawson
City, leaving here about March 15, In the
employ of the Alaska Transportation, Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
■ Bent guaranteed on reaching Alaska; $500
cash required. For particulars call at com-
pany's offices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, San Francisco.
GIVE your gold-saving machines practical
demonstration; "Prospect Camp." on ocean
beach; for sale cheap. WILLIAM PATTER-
BON & CO., south side U. S. Life-saving
Station.
THE swift and newly-fitted saiier Helen W.
Almy will now leave for Copper River and
Cook's Inlet about March IB; low rates for j
passage and freight. Apply at once, MOHNS ;
6 KALTEXRACH, 29 Market pt.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest pr'.ces, packed j
and delivered to boats. SRARBORO _ CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, '.31 Washington.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the |
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 139 First st.
A LARGE dog suitable for Klondike, to be
sold; a bargain. 130 Seventh st.
GOOD stronp dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at i5lO Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. BAMMANN, 1238 Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KI-o.vpiKK docs: also Great Danes and Fox I
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard, 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 4K.-41S Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike: three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING HOISES FOR SALE.
7-ROOMS, new; payments; on Taylor st.;s4oo
H-room house: sunny corner; fine 50"
I 26 rooms; new and good 14M
! 6 rooms and bath 320
19 rooms; partly furnished t>so
36 rooms, on Mission WOO
18 rooms on Golden Gate; fine 1100
7 rooms, near Baldwin" bargain 250
32 rooms, on Market: clears $2.i0 25.)0
24 rooms, on Kearny; clears $200 2300
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
30 rooms, central: 2 fronts; worth $1200... 500
Hotel in mining town; good bar 1000
• H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
KREDO £ CO., Successful Brokers, 22'^. Geary.
26 rooms; Market; clears $75- snap $ 450
21 rooms; best In city: clears $SJ 800
IS rooms; clears $40 month 275
IS rooms; Third st. : rent $27 BO 200
11 rooms; all rented; corner; worth $600 32f,
11 rooms; Ninth St.; clears $50 month — 450
10 rooms; all new: central and sunny.. 325
7 rooms: O'Farrell: clears $25 KB
i $1600—20 rooms; fine sunny corner; worth $2500;
; clears $160: low rent. KREDO & CO.
; $moo— 3j-ROOM lodging house; cheap rent: good
; transient trade. S2l Howard st.
GOING to Washington— 2o rooms; best loca-
tion; rent $33: clears $40: cheap. 4S Seventh.
j FOR SALE— Coso lodging house, 115 rooms. 411
Sansome st.
FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
; MINNA. 7134—4 rooms, completely furnished
for housekeeping; rent $9: no off-r refused.
QOUGH, *7»— Flat of 6 furnished rooms for
sale.
FOR SAL ,E i— MISCELLANEOUS. .
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
j FOR SALE— One dog well broken to harness,
i suitable for Klondike: also a few bantam
I chickens. Apply MRS. A. .SULLIVAN, Utah
! St., opposite Lick School.
ASK to see the $11 solitaire diamond ring, ask
to see the $16 solitaire diamond ring at
DICCLE HARRIS. U Grant aye.
-,-; fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. iH'F-
SCHMIDT, S_ Oolden <;;ite aye.
F< >ri sale— Second-hand BrunsWlck-Balke-< ' I-
lcn.ii r billiard table, in first-class condition. '
a; -ply i ■ I Gaary pt. . j
LARGE dog for sale; Newfoundland. Call In
bakery. Twenty-fourth st., between York and
Hampshire.
1 AND 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
PPHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
! FIRST-CLASS large windmill; 2 large new
tanks; brass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
i ONE large fireproof safe, one burglar-proof
safe for sale cheap. Address box 2047, Call.
I COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
864 Mission st.
PICTURE framing, complete, with glass 7x9
inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x
16, 20c; 14x17, 23c; 18x20, Me; 18x22, 33c; 20x24.
4f>: curtain poles, complete. 16c; room mold-
ing, all colors, le per foot: portraits enlarged,
60c; open evenings. JONES, Ml Mission st.
LAUNDRY engines, dynamos, electrical goods;
new & 2d-hand. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
HANDSOME new 16-foot oak bar and back
bar; ch»ap. 612 Buvh St.
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, cheap;
with extra seat. Box 1444. Call office.
BARS, bnck bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and seo-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102J
Mission St.. above Sixth.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. 80. 787.
WHISKY. Kentucky. '97; bonded warehouse.
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., Pan Francisco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission St.
SAFES — New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records. $& per doz.;
Projeetoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1053 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR sal« cheap— Second-hand fireproof safe, j
at 42 Main st. I
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates 20 r . Fourth st.
MEDICAIj.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
I 60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and *ure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
best care and privacy; fofr guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, tl.
MRB. DR. WEYTH, 91s Pom st.. nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Net's aye— Ladles,
nenr or far, consult'free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled; 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; ptlle, $2.
A ST'UE. safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
UK. QWTBR, 226 Turk St.
j SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 6. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wive* and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDB & CO., 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; t2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister et. ; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 24*. Fourth at.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Ittl st., Alameda.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
GLEN PARK, 36, off Twelfth fit.— 7 rooms,
bath, laundry; 2 yards;. s2s. .DEMPSTER.
ALL OVER TOWN ■— - — — p
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. ''/.;
FURNISHED house, 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest improvements;, furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel: only - responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437, Call office. -- '
j MCALLISTER, 818— Sunny house. 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35..-
OAK. 411— House 8 rooms and bath; Eastlake
style; latest Improvements. ' .
6-ROOM house and basement, $11; Laurel. aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER. &
LENT, 14 Post at. ... ,„ ■■ .
$27 50— 2-STORY house, " 7 rooms, bath; cellar;
yard. 481 Halght st. .: •• . : . .-.-•.. .
I $15—6 ROOMS, bath. 4226 Eighteenth St.. near
Diamond; close to Castro-st.* cars. %
FURNISHED HOUSES.
! FURNITURE, etc.. of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premise*. Box 1145. Call office. -
■ HOUSE. 8 rooms, to let; furniture for sale; no
dealers." 332 Hyde st. j '-';'
' MISSION, 2726, sunny belt— Parlor floor 5
nicely furnished rooms; every convenience
I for housekeeping; piano, bath, gardens, large
basement; $25. - | .'r.'-c-x.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHEAP-, cottage; large stable and chicken-
houses. EASTON _ ELDRIDO-. 638 Market.
NICE cottage, 4 rooms, basement and yard, 7
Victor st. Inquire 941 Bryant st.":: .
SUNNY cottage. 5 rooms, only $15. 1114 Broad-
way. near Jones st. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st. '
I SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
1 ment; yard; cheap. 1576 15th st., nr. Dolores.
$11— COTTAGE, 5 rooms. . 3385 Twenty-sixth St..
near Mission. ■ . ___
FURNISHED FLATS.
j GEARY, 1522— Newly furnished sunny upper
flat of 4 rooms. ___________
FLATS TO LET.
j A— slo: 4- ROOM flat: 10 days free.
1 A— sl2; 5- room new cottage; 20 days free.
A— slS; 5-room cottage, Geary and Van Ness
■ aye. 10 new flats cheap. At SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market st.
i AND 6 room flats; some with gardens; sunny:
attractive view; on Twelfth st. and Glenr Park
aye. ; $12. $13. $14, $1S and $23 50. DEMPSTER.
36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth St.
! CASTRO, 640 — Two lovely new modern 6-room
: flats: bath; yard; basement: $17.
CHEAP rent— Flats, 3 and 4 rooms. $C and $7;
very convenient; 15 and 21 Victor at. ln-
QUire 941 Bryant st. '
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc. ' •
FIFTH. 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms. $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5.
FIFTEENTH, 2176, bet. Market and Noe—
rooms and bath, $14. ..
FLAT of 5 rooms, bath, laundry. 1304 Post St.,
near Franklin; convenient Geary or Sutter st.
cars; rent reasonable.
GROVE. 141— Near City Hall, lower and top
flat, 5 and 6 rooms: bath. . -~./.- •"'.
HAMPTON pi., 3, off Folsom, bet. 2d and 3d—
3 sunny bay-window rooms; yard; basement.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry:
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEW. and modern, lower flat. 6. rooms, bath.
1917 Devisadero St.. near California.
NINETEENTH, 3950, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6-room
flat; modern; $18; water free.
PUNNY corner flat. 5 rooms. $17: inside flat
with bath. $15: newly painted and papered.
Corner -Twelfth and Folsom sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
j!4^TO let, flat of 4 rooms and bath, with
stable for 2 horses. 2410 Harrison St., bet.
20th and 21st. ■
$17— FLAT, "6 rooms, bath: ' modern. 144S Va-
lencia St., near Twenty-fifth.
$13— WATER free:, sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern; large lot; garden.. 4075 Twenty-third
St.. few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
$20— CHEAPEST flat in city: 8 rooms, bath.
BWH4 Valencia St., near Seventeenth.
i $35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
—— "^ — — ~^—^— —^»^^^*i^^
HOUSEKEEPING" ROOMS. " •
CASTRO, 405, rear— 3 or 2 nice sunny unfur-
nlshedTooms-; large yard; stable ;■ cheap. -
EDDY. 91.V— 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas range; fine location; private residence.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished, connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH, 309 — V or 2 sunny bay-window bed-
rooms; connecting kitchen; complete; Ist floor.
j FIFTH. 42SV2 — 2 sunny rooms, furnished com-
' pletely for housekeeping; water In kitchen. '
I FULTON, -41 — Comfortably furnished .front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY. 429 — Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no. children.
! GOLDEN GATE, 1050—2 or 3 large, nicely fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping, or single;
gas cook stove; free use of telephone.
GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness— Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites, with gas stove.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
rooms; first floor; housekeeping and single.
HOWARD, — 3 rooms, furnished -complete for
housekeeping and others; .reasonable.
HOWARD, 623—2 sunny rooms . complete . for
i •housekeeping. $10 month: single rooms $t> up.
HOWARD. Rooms, $1 up; housekeeping.
SS and $9. '
HOWARD, 1214— 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
MINNA, 454— 2. front and back rooms Joining,
lower floor, separate entrance.., -.
I MISSION, 561. near Second — Bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1241— Bay-window floor front, back
parlor and kitchen; finely furnished.
MISSION, Pleasant unfurnished house-
keeping rooms: cheap. ' ' '■" ■
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
! low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
I NINTH, 103— Well-furnished sunny front room
; and kitchen, $12 month; running water; bath.
01 VIA. 1403, corner .Geary— Bay-window,
kitchen, gas stove, $12 up; other rooms.
SUNNY, ' furnished sitting room, ' bedroom and
kitchen: use of bath; near the park; Tjo chil-
! dren.- Address box 2050, Call office. .
! TEH AM A. — Nice sunny furnished room;
housekeeping for one; with stove; $4.
TENTH, 111, near Market— nicely -furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; also other rooms.
THIRD, 309 — 2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms,- $8; also other rooms. i
i TAYLOR. 131—3 large light sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath; single If desired.
TURK, 63H — Nicely furnished sunny rooms suit-
! able for housekeeping. "
: TURK. C 43— "or 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas, stoves, bath. , ■ ■•".
WILLOW aye., 30. 1 off Larkin, bet. Eddy and
Ellis— Large furnished room complete for
light housekeeping; use of bath. . '
; $6—2 ROOMS and kitchen: water free. 615
- Birch aye.. bet. Laguna and Buchanan.
! ____ _ r-_-—-~-r -_-—-~-— _■ — — ———p.- _— _— _
; : ROOMS TO LET, .':.,;'. i
' ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
. eunny rooms, en- suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.-
' ALTON, 204 McAllister— Lovely sunny large
front and single rooms, $6 month up; bath;
j gas. - . •■■,-.'-■• ■ ' •'■•■'•■■' •■- -
i BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and. gentlemen; references glveri.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 118— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman, $5 CO; . < " - :■■ ■'■ ■ ■ /■ '
j EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— per night.
, 60c to $1; week. $2 to $6: families. ::.•-.>
I EDDY, 619— Large . well j furnished front room;
also large sunny back room ; ; reasonable. .
! FIFTH. Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl per week; fur-
nished : rooms. ■ - . . ' - .
GEARY, 675— Nicely. furnished front room; also
single: running water, bath and gas.- - •:
GEARY, : 622— -Nicely furnished single and dou-
. ble rooms; bath, gas ; • reasonable. •
I GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — sunny rooms, . en • suite . and
- single: elevator; moderate rates; families. .
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission ; I select : family .
'• rooming house: $1 60 to •$6 ■ per > week. . •,- -
HARRISON. 946— Nice large single rooms, with
use of bath, $6 a ; month up. .: - . :
HAVES, 526 — Lovely, large sunny front room. !
$10 month: single, $5; housekeeping If f de- |
sired; modern. : .;: .-.:.".. .:: _.t *:..". U
HOWARD. 524— Nicely furnished large sunny
| front room for 2: rent reasonable: ; bath. ■
HOWARD, !•- 715, ST. DAVID'S— WO » room»;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
ROOMS TO ; LET— Continued. .
HOWARD, 989— By day. < week or month: 25c,
, 30c, 75c. and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
HYDE. Sunny suites; .first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON. - '. ■',I■■ ■" ' : .-■ -_ ; -
JESSIE, 373, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
front room; only .$5. , • , _ -^ -- t
JONES, 600— Nicely furnished sunny front
room, $10 month; bath and gas. . •
JONES, 1705, near Broadway— nice sunny
'■ rooms; grand^marine view; rent cheap. .
LEIDESDORFF. 116—3 light sunny rooms; well
furnished; private; rent reasonable. ' .
MCALLISTER, Sunny back parlor; grate;
, gas: bath; *-; month; 2 gentlemen. .-
MCALLISTER. Nicely furnished " front
suite; $15 per month: hot and cold water. •
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
OCTAVIA. 318— Newly furnished ' sunny front
room, and single, $6 month up: bath and gas.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms,
suite or single.
PHILADELPHIA - House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; sunny.
POWELL. 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms: reasonable: transient.
POWELL. 509— Two , nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining: suitable for two gentlemen.
SEVENTH, 136— Nicely furnished . front room,
$1 per week. ' ' _■
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 125— Nicely • furnished double sunny
front room; very cheap.
SIXTH, 132— Nice family rooms; single and
double; $6 a month up.
STOCKTON. 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient;- elevator. -
SUTTER, 715-717-719, and 608 Furnished
and unfurn.; choice and sunny; reasonable.
THE RANDOLPH. 501 Post, corner Mason— so
bay-window parlors; smaller rooms; water;
gas: $1 50 to $4 50 week; $5 to $20 month.
THIRTEENTH, 409V4 — Three unfurnished
rooms. $10: bath: yard. -
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
■ room, $4 to $•"• per week; nice location. - .
LARKIN, 2614— R00m and board for man and
wife In private family, $35; marine view". .
VAN NESS. Lovely sunny rooms with ele-
gant board for 2 or 3; In private family;
reasonable. -■ -
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure: building new: all mod-
ern conveniences.; . newly furnished; I elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at 808
Van Ness aye.
~~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN lady wishes 2 or 3 children to board;
motherly care; moderate. 1334 Turk st.
PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with
family without children; excellent care;
healthy locality; ■ reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON. Glen KHen, Cal.
"" "'™ STORES TO LET.
CORNER Store, 1620 Eddy St., with stable:
suitable for laundry, vegetable business, etc. ;
rent $20. Apply SPECK & C 0.,. 602 Market. ,
STORE, with fixtures, corner Howard and La-
fayette sts. ; cheap rent. . ■ -' '• 'i- z - > '
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, , 579. opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second ■ floor; power available for straw
works paper box. shirt, shoes, factories, etc. j
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless i
i dentistry' no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings 2.'.. up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings. !
{197 Market st., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: set- . new flexible
plates; lichl and thin; warranted ten years: !
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
■ work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. . , . .:
NEW 7 YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c: I
plates, $6; gold filling. 75c up; silver, 25c up; '
plates mended. $1 up; open . evenings and j
Sundays. 961 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Bt.. nr. nth:
no charge for extracting when plates are
■ made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of .. painless extraction . and
• patentee .of -lmprov^VtuidK*!- work or teeth
I without .-plate, moved from 6to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental. Parlors have removed from 906 to
! Sl9 Market st., Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30, 31 and 32, fifth floor. .-
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
I removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 803-607.
i ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
- W. KEY, 1320 Market st. ■ •
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. -H. C.
YOUNG. 1?41 Polk st. - -
' MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call; subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken. .' - -
PROPOSALS.
PLANS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office, Board- of Super-
visors. San Francisco, March 12. IS3S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice Is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for !
■the erection of an hospital building will be !
•received in open session of the Board of Su- •
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, 18S8, between the hours . of 2:i(l
and" 3 o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de- I
i sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latent scientific Im- i
provements required as to construction and \
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any 1
building, designed or contracted ; for hospital
purposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ity as being Indispensable in the construction
01 such a building.
The said' hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and. approved by the
; Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known us and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and i
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract," and running thence due north along :
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse !
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet; I
.thence due west five hundred and 1 fifty (550) |
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along " the said southerly line or the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; , containing
9.659 acres. . .
The said plans r and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed In the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building. 1 ■•
NOTICE— will prepare and sub-
. Mit with their plans ana specifications for
said hospital building an Itemized estimate
of the cost of said . building, the statute re- i
■ quiring eight (S) hours to constitute a day's !
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars i per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding '
that no plans or specifications will be enter- !
tamed or considered of buildings the aggre- I
gate cost of which nr* <>Kt< mated to ••■••>■ 1 '
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars., Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re- i
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond '
or bonds, as the case may be. to Insure the
completion and construction of V the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect The
, architects submitting plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000. $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said i plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied in the plans
• adopted may be used without further cost or
charge. -■-■- JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS" for Woolen Blankets-^General
.Depot of the Quartermaster's Department ;
I 36 New Montgomery, st., San Francisco Cal ' i
February 11, Sealed proposals In 'trlniu '
cate. will be received at this office until It I
•• o'clock a. m.. ' Pacific standard time MON- '
■ DAY. . March 14. IS9B. and then opened for i
furnishing this . depot . with 8000 Woolen '
' • Blankets. • Proposals for • delivery at other
: points will be considered. The right to ac-
• cept or . reject "any or., all . proposals is re-
served. Preference will be given- to articles I
of domestic production and manufacture con-
— ditions of quality and price (Including In the
price of foreign production and manufactures
the duty thereon) being equal, and such pref-
erence: given to articles of American produc-
tion and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to extent of consumption required :by
the public service there. Blanks and full in-
t formation ■as: to bidding, ■ specifications - etc "
, will .be furnished by this • office on ; applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be ■ marked ■ Proposals, for < Blankets."
■ JAMES M. • MOORE, Assistant r Quarter-
. mastnr-General, , U. ■S. - : Army, : Depot Quar-
f«»rrti»«!t<>r. ' '- ■--*- ; - "-' ■'-"''■■'■ ■•'■■•■ . •■■-•, .-•■,■■■ ;» ■• '■■ ,r,:\
■■^- V' ATTORNEYS _'." AT.; LAW.' • ;
ADVICE free'; ' divorce laws : specialty; : private;
.... no fee without , success; 1. collections, wills,
■ probate, insolvency, ," deeds, damages, mort-
• ; gages, i copartnership, bills-of-sale. patents,
: trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. •> G W
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.'
ADVICE I free: no I chanre * unless I successful
•W. W. DAVIDSON. 627 Market " St. ■ ;•<. •'];
CITY REAL ESTATE.
i
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3500—31:6x60; near Powell and Clay sts., on
Wetmore place: cottage, - 5 rooms, bath and
basement; large yard; all in fine order; line
view at bay. ....... - :  . ■:• *
$2600— Rents $33; Midway, near Bay St., be-
tween Dupont and Stockton: ' front and rear
houses and stable for 3 horses.
. $3600— Rents $35 50; 3 flats, 5, 5 and 4 rooms;
bath, hot and cold water each; lot 25x77:6;
Broadway, near Hyde; street bituminized.
Pine at., near Taylor; 43x137:6 and well built;
3-story; IS rooms; modern; fine for boarding
or residence. ■■•■" . -••' *
Leavenworth St., near O'Farrell: 30x137:6 and
2-story frame buildings front and rear; rents
$34 50; $11,500.
First st.; rents $47; $3000; '46 feet front; be-
tween Folsom. and Harrison sts. •
$3750— Reduced; Stevenson st, 78 feet from
Sixth; 24x75; 2-story and basement house in 2
flats; rents $30.
Rents $65; Bryant St., near Seventh; 25x90
and 3-story; stor« below and flats above; $3123.
Folsom st, between Sixth and Seventh; 37:6 x
90 and 2 stores and 3 fiats; rents $56; $6500.
Two/ fine Market-st. Investments in retail
district, north and south side; $100,000 to $150,-
000 each. •
Ellis St., between Taylor and Jones; 27:6 x
137:6 and fine 2-story; can be remodeled and
will pay good Interest.
Ellis st: growing Investment; near Market;
large lot and building; rents $310. .
First St.; fine investment; corner; large lot
and improvements; near Market st; $37,500.
Reduced to $21,000— Third St., near Mission;
brick building: leased at $135.
$30,000— Rents $195; Polk si., near California;
60xS0; fine 3-story building; stores below and
rooming-house above.
Rents $175; under leases $22,500; Washington
st.; down-town Investment; brick building and
large lot;. 2 fronts.
$5500 — Rents $45: flats, 6 and 7 rooms each;
cost $4000 to build; Union St., In the business
portion, near Laguna."
Reduced to $3800: cheap: Grove st, between
Franklin and Gough; 27:6x68:9 and 2-story; 2.
tenements; rents $34; street accepted.
Southeast ' corner Jackson and Larkin sts. :
27:6x82:6; 2-story; store below, flats above,
stable in rear; the only grocery on 4 corners;
rents $50; $7000. •■"-.'
S $6000— Rents $50; California St.; 2 flats,. 5 and .6
rooms each; between Baker and Lyon sts; lot.
25x137:6. ■ .
$7000— Modern flats: north side Oak St., be-
tween Webster and Flllmore ; 5 and 6 rooms.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER LOTS, BUS-
INESS, . HOMESTEAD OR. RESIDENCE,. .
Southwest corner California and Lyon sts. ;
30x100, $3000, or larger lot; fine corner and cheap..
Van Ness-aye. corner, 34x125, $6000, or 65x125,
corner Union st. ; Van Ness in fine order; cable
cars on Union st. - - . . .
Northwest corner Pine and Lyon sts.; 23x100;
(I860; cheap.
Ellis and Franklin sts.. northwest corner;
37:6x87:6, $9000, or 62:6x87:6, $13,500. .
Southwest corner O'Farrell and Laguna st?.;
40x100; (MM. . -. ; ,
Northeast corner 'Waller and Laguna sts.,
35x100, $5000; half a block from Market st. . .
Southwest corner Union and Devlsadero fits.;
fine residence corner; marine • view; -.50x100;
$6250. :■;:=■; -■-■■
Southeast corner Waller and Dp Long, 30x100,
between Masonic avenue and Ashbury st.; $3250.
Northeast 1 corner Golden Gate • and Central
avcs. ; 25x100, $2500. or 50x100, $4000.
Northeast corner Greenwich and Scott sts.;
110:6x137:6; $2500.
Corner Geary and Wood sts; 20:8x100; re-
•duoedto $2000; cheap. . ; . ■ :\
Cheap corner, $1500; reduced price; southwest
r corner Webster and Filbert sts.; 25x100; 1 block
from Unlon-irt. cars. ' ■
Northwest corner Greenwich and Devlsadero
sta.; 37:6x87:6, $1800. or 62:8x87:6, $2400. f< ".
NEW 5-room cottage; a beauty: easy rental
terms. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
FOR sale— University Mound Tract, lot 2, block
116; 100x120 feet. JOS. LAWLER. 652 Fifth
St., or 2545. Seventeenth st. . . V.V., - .
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
515,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
.on mortgage. Postoffice box 2495. ... .
FOR — Choice business property; rents for I
?200; NW corner Mission and Spear Bts.; 45:10
X7T:6. H..SCHWERIN, 546 Clay st
IF you Intend building, let me submit an esti-
mate with plnns, etc.; no charge; best of ref-
erences, bonds, etc. W. W. REDNALL,
builder. 1326 Hayes st. -. • ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
IN San Mateo, ' store and six living rooms;
large lot; will rent furnished or unfurnished.
GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny st.
$6:7) — 7 ACRES near Petaluma; small house,
stable and 3 chicken-houses* horse, cart, fur-
niture, tools and Implements. .. ... .l_.
'- $5500—40 acres, Santa Cruz County; 12 acres
vines, 6 acres fruit: fine trout stream; plenty
of ■ wood ; 2-story . house, j2 \ cottages,-.- barn,
* packing-house, .etc. ; farm tools..
Many other bargains; call for list. GAMAN
& LYON. 215 Kearny st. ' :
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an .acre.
M. GRIFFIN, ('..Kenwood, Shasta Co., Cal.
FOR sale— l3s acres: fine virgin redwood and
. pine timber: near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendocino Count" ! consisting of the NE.
>i of SW. ' 4 of Sec. 31. township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
npply to A. ('LOCKERS. Navarro. Cal, : ■
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR. \
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St. ;
MONEY TO LOAN. - '
ANY amount at 6>i per cent on real estate;
I'd- and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate ■In
probate, life Insurance, goods. In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3. •
LOANS on furniture or pianos' in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. '
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: mdse in storage: life ins. poli-
cies house rents, . bank books, etc. ; low In-
terest; private : no ■ com. •R. 68. 1170 ' Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204. --
15 up to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny at.; upstairs.
t- HAVE $3000 to loan on country, property.
HUGH M. CAMERON. Real Estate and Loan
' Broker, 479 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal. ' ♦
furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st __
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth Ft, upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
FURNITURE, pianos, estates In probate: no
fees. HILL & CO., 14 McAllister st. room 64.
ANY sum Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc." Room 7, 508 California st. . :
$30 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gage, estates, etc, MURPHY. 62S Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. ; 116 McAllister at. '
SIXTH. 10-^Most reliable ' place to borrow
. money; diamonds and Jewelry.
33!) HAVES ST.— Branch office of ahe Call.
Subscriptions and ads. taken. '_':_>_ '_
7TT~ .:: • FINANCIAL.
MUST have $1000; 1 per cent: security, country
real estate. Box 2048. Call office. -
LOANS on • real ■ estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. ■ McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
~" PAWNBROKERS. ; . . , .
SAVE Interest and borrow from' theCUTRATE
1 LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. private rooms.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES. '
\SSFSSMENT NOTICE— Propeller
Company, office and principal place of busi-
ness 327 Market st; San Francisco, Cal. •
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 7th day
of March, 1898. an assessment (No. 4) of one
(1) cent per share was levied upon the capital
stock of the corporation, payable immediate-
ly In United States gold coin to the secretary
"' at " the office of ■ the ; company at , the above
> " '^ nyn v stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 12th day of .April, 1898.
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment; is made i
before,' will be sold on the 29th day of April, i
'• 1898, 'to i pay the delinquent assessment, to- !
gather with costs of advertising, and ex-
: penses . of-: sale. By order of the Board ;of •
Directors.^^ CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary,
■■■• --■: . ' 327 Market st.
. ,E: : STORAGE. } '■ '- ■'"■'■:'
AT fow~~rates— Furniture, , carpets, , pianos,
household ■ goods; ' clean, light compartments;
'advances j made. J. ;, NOON AN, 1017 .- to 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth ; open evenings. ;
AT lowest rates— Household goSds, pianos; ad- ;
vances made; fireproof building. . P. W.
2EHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
■: TVPEWRII ERS. •■-.;/;,.■;■■''■
YfTsT." good order, *2!>; " send for ; sample work.
; SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery at. " '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ■ REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, rent or exchange— House of 25 rooms';
can be had -furnished- If desired: lot 40x150:
; half cash, balance can remain. MRS. SMITH,
821 Market St.. Oakland. ; »
A POOR man' chance— $SBO will buy a 4-room
:.-' house and lot, 25x139, near San Pablo aye.,
"'; ten ' minutes from City Hall: easy terms;
don't delay seeing this. BELDEN & COOK.
,■ 1112. Broad way. Oakland. .
OAKLAND JFURNITURE^ FOR^ SALE.
' FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh st.,« Oakland. ; i'< .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. -
$5500— New 2-story residence; 6 large rooms;
modern; cor. Jot," 60x150: ; near. Mastic, Station;
' part cash; bal.- installments. - 785 R. R. aye.
BIGGEST bargain— s2Soo: lot 70x160; cottage, 6
rooms; orchard and chicken yard; half block
from Mastlck Station; all Improvements; 1531
Prospect st. Apply 501 Market St., S. F.
■ : ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET, j' V.
TO LET— New cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
lawn, flower garden -and; orchard; lovely
place. 1532' Ninth St.. near Mastlck station;
I $19; water free; ground cared for. __■
~J, BERKELEY : REAL ESTATE. -'^
A GREAT bargain— sale. 2 acres only four
blocks from station; J650 per acre. O. G.
MAY & CO., 2128 -Center St., Berkeley. " :-.,
! FOR sal*— the university grounds, an ele-
. gantly built house; lot. northeast corner, 75x
134; street work . all done. JOS. J. MASON,
■ Berkeley Station. - ; ■ '•_'"•' '
i FIRST-CLASS Investment; a fine corner, stores
' and rooms above; to be sold at a bargain.
JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
PROPERTY TO KXCIIANGIi.
GOOD business property in Portland. Or., will
be exchanged on liberal terms for property
In or near San Francisco. Address BLUMEN-
THAL & HANLY, 1051 Washington St., Oak-
, - land. -.. ' ' i ' -r/;'^ . : - - • ■ ■
SHOE factory, half or all for ranch. Apply to
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st. . •
33 ACRES: bearing fruit ranch near Vaeaville;
income 12000. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
TO exchange— 2 blocks, each 200x200. In Mar-
tinez. Cal., value $4000, for S. F. real estate:
will pay a cash difference if city property is
valued owr $4000. Box 1509. Call office.
— J =
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marlage licenses were ksued
by the County Clerk yesterday: * . ■ •
Charles H. Denton and Alice M. Lowry, 27-30.
W. H. Lenhoff and Paulina Helkinado, 23—23.
Willie Schiller and Emily Beatty. 21—19.
C. E Beekman and Selma G. Carlson. 31-29.
James B. Milllgan and Nellie Griffin, 27—20.
H. M. Simpson and Jessie C. Paterson. 21-23.
Ole Johnson and Krlstina Anderson. "29—32.
Hermann Schrenn and Annie Gerdes, 38 — J6.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
> Birth, marriage and • death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ;--,';. ____
: . BORN.
ASHI'RST— In Panoche,. March 6. 1898, to the
wife of John Ashurst, a son.
BRENNAN— In Vallejo. March. 8, 1898, to the
wife of J. H. Brennan, a son. • :..
FRANKLIN— In College Park. March 7, 1898,
to the wife of C. P. Franklin, a daughter.
HART— February 21, 1898, to the wife of Rich-
ard Hart, a son.'. ...
j DANIELS— Alameda. March 10, I*9B, to the
wife of J. J. Daniels, a daughter.
I HUGHES— Near Watsonville, March 3, 1898, to
the wife of Gary Hughes, a son.
! KEARNEY— Aptos, ' March" 7, 189S, to the
wife of William Kearney, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HINMAN— HOPE— In Oakland, March 2. 1898.
by the Rev. Mr. Wallace, Henry Littleton
Hlnman and Effle Madoline Hope. " ■ ;
HACKMEIER— —In this city,
March 9, 189 S. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
William J. Hackmeler'-and Lizzie Schneider.
1 HANSEN— WERNER— In this city, March 9.
IS9B, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler.- Peter F.
Hansen and Ida A. Werner.
JUST— DITTMER— In this city. March 10, 1898.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Charles Just and
Elizabeth Dittmer.
KOHN — MEISTERKNECHT —In this city, .
March S. 189S, by the Rev. J. M. . Buehler,
Dietrich G.Kohn and Julia J. Melsterknecht.
1 KIRSCHBAUM —In this city.
March 10. IS9S. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Frederick Stellman and Katharlna Kirsch-
baum.
1 THOMPSON— In Watsonville, March
6, 1898, Chris Thompson and Christina Lar-.
sen. .
■•■: ■■■■' died.
Bailey, Wilmott F. . Johnson. Mrs. S. E.
Bemis, Julia B. ' " •' Keefe, Daniel
Bloch. William J. Killackey. Sarah
Bulger, Capt. Martin Lacey. Michael
Burke. James • . Linden, Mary
Cheatham, James Malnburg, Ruth G.
Doane, Samuel B. ". O'Connor, Catherine
i Donahue. Michael -. Paul. Thomas F.
Donovan. Kate • Rhorer. J. N.
Dunne. Margaret. B. Richardson, John -;j
Earl, Eugene Sambertrant. F.
Easterday. Nannie Sands, Mary -
Fischer, Charles ~ Schwabacher. Fred
Gavin. Mary rF. - . Sllvey, Florence L.
Gillon, Patrick J. Soto. Joe P.
Giorgi, Llnio-. . .■ Stormfleld, Oscar
Hawkins, E. C. .  Stumpf, Joseph
Helm; Mary O. . Tucker, John T.
Hicks, Jennie R. ' Walsh, Mary J.
Holihan, Margaret . Whalen, Bridget
Hynes, Mary Wilson, Esther E. :
BAILEY— In this city, March 11. 1898, Wil-
mott F., beloved husband of Denlse, and son •
of Mary and the late Byron Bailey, a native
of Massachusetts, aged 45 years.
(ETTrlend? are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services - to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1 o'clock, at Howard M. E. Church.
Howard street, between Second and Third. |
BEMIS— San Jose, March 9, 1898, Julia B.
Bemis, a native of New York, aged 40 years.
BLOCH— In this city. March 11. 1898, William
John, beloved son of Fred and Alice Bloch.
a native of San Francisco,, aged 1 month and
4 days. ■ ' • .
(_7"The funeral will take place this , day
(Saturday) at 2 o'clock, from his parents'
residence. 411 Greenwich street, thence to
I. O. O. F. Cemetery- Interment private.
BULGER— In this city, March 11. 1898, Captain
Martin Bulger, Beloved' husband of Mary A.,
and father of Thomas D., John X.. James K.
and Emma F. Bulger, a native of Brooklyn, .
N. V., aged 69 years. . (Brooklyn, :N. I;,
Eagle please copy.) : "• " >-•■••"■.'.
" C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
March 14. at 9 o'clock, - from his late resi-
dence, 734 Ashbury street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, • Hayes street, where a sol-
emn requiem -high mass will be celebrated
for the. repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock.. Interment Holy Cross .Cemetery.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S AS-
Boclation— Officers and members are requested
to assemble at' headquarters, Monday. March
14 at 9 o'clock sharp, to attend the funeral
of our late brother, Martin Bulger.
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
JAMES PENNYCOOK. • Recording Sec.
BURKE— In this city, March 11. IS9B, James
Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
CHEATHAM— this city, March 10, 1898,
James Cheatham, beloved father of James
F., William J., George, Thomas and Albert
Cheatham and Mrs. : Thomas Irvln, a native
of England, aged 65 years.
(C 7" Friends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday).' at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2014 .Taylor street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ■ '
DOANE— In San Carlos, San Mateo County,
March 11, IS9B, Samuel - Brown Doane, a na-
tive of Boston. ; Mass.. aged 51 years. - -
• (C?* The ' funeral will •be ' held to-morrow
(Sunday); at 10:30 o'clock, from, his -late resi-
dence, San Carlos. Train leaves Third and
. Townsend streets depot at 9 o'clock.
DONAHUE— In this city, March 10, 1898, Mich-
ael i Donahue, beloved father of May F. and
Edward H. r Donahuft, ; a native of Ireland,
aged 74 years.' :-.-'.' "■
! DONOVAN— Kate, dearly beloved wife of John
Donovan, mother of the late William Dono-
van, daughter of Patrick and the late Mary
A. O'Shaughnessy. ..sister of Mamie * and
.To'mmle O'Shaughnessy, and niece of Mrs.
J. ■ J. Galvin and John -Kearney. c native; of
San Franclpco, aged , 21 years 10 months and
25 days.' :..-.-» L ;'../--"- --- <
(C? Friends and - acquaintances are respect-
.-. fully Invited to attend the funeral this- day
■ (Saturday), at -1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
.*. dence of her father, 114 Tehama street, off
V Second. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
i DUNNE— In this city, March 11. 1898. at the
age of 63 years and 17 days. Margaret Ber-
ffln • Dunne, widow of ■ the - late . Peter ; Dunne.
■ Esq.; and, mother of - Mary ; Dunne Taafe and
Joseph J. and Peter F. Dunne. -,
(C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday). 7 at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2111 Broderlck street. .:.' ;-■<•' ".
EARL— t this ■ city, , March 11. 1898. / Eugene.
- only son of D. W. and Helen B. Earl.. a na- :
' tive of Sacramento, Cal., aged 40 years.
'." CTFrlends are respectfully . ; Invited :to • at-
- tend the : funeral 1 services to-morrow (Sun-
day) at 10 o'clock, at the residence, 2121 La-
guna street. Interment private, in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, 1 by,. the 11:30 o'clock train
' from Third ■ and ; Townsend ■ streets. '; -:■■ ■
I EASTERDAY— In Watsonville. ' March "- 7, 1898, -
» - Nannie T. Easterday. a native of Kentucky,
.: aged 64 . years • 9 months and v 1 day. ... ; f r i.i '. t :
FISCHER— In this city, March 11,, 1898. Chsrtes,
dearly beloved husband of Mathilda Fischer,
and father of Annie and Charles Fischer, a
' native of Germany, aged 4S years. 11 months
and 5 days. A member of Olympic Lodge
No. 127. A. O. U. W. ; • .*■•- . '
C7Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1 1329H Sanchez street, between Army
and Twenty-seventh. Interment Laurel Hill
'. Cemetery. ■
GAVIN— In this city. March 11, IS9S. Mary T.,
beloved daughter of Cella and the late John
Gavin, and sister of Annie C. Emmett B. and
William F. Gavin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years 2 months and 26 days.
GILLON— In this city, March 11. 1888, Patrick
J.. beloved husband of Juiia A. Gillon, a
native of Ireland, aged SO years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue.'
GIORGI— In this city. March 11. IS9B, Linio
Giorgl. dearly beloved husband of Mary
Glorgl, a native of Switzerland, aged 48
years 10 months and 20 days. •■
HAWKINS— In Sanger, March 10. IS9B, E. C.
Hawkins, beloved son of Olof and Caroline
Hawkins, and brother of A. L. and Edlna . C.
Hawkins, a native of San Francisco, aged 2o
years 10mcn,ths and 16 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from trie residence
of his parents, 3464 Seventeenth street, near
Valencia. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, via electric-car from Eighteenth ana
Guerrero streets.
N. S. G. W.— Notice. Members of Niantic Par-
lor No. 105, N. S. G. \V., will attend the fu-
neral of our deceased brother, E. C. Hawk-
ins, at the residence. 3464 Seventeenth street,
near Valencia, this day (Saturday), at 2
o'clock. FRANK MORDECAI. President.
J. F. EGGERT. Recording Secretary.
HELM— In this city. March 11. IS9B, Mary 0.,
wife of the late George Helm,, a native of
England, aged 87 years 10 months and -8
' days. ■ '.'•'-. ...- "i "•
HICKS— In I.os Catos, March 9, IS9B, Jennie
Raymond Hicks, a native of Louisiana.
HOLIHAN— In this city, March 10. IS9B. Mar-
garet, beloved sister or Jennie and Bridget
Holihan, a native of Ireland. .
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
; (Saturday), at 8:30 ■ o'clock, from her late
residence, 2919 Twenty-fourth street, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for tie repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. " Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please -omit
flowers. ■■ '■ - . ■ '. ; : ... - . . : ... ' •,
HYNES— In this city. March 9, 1898. Mary
Hynes, beloved ulster of "Mrs." Annie McCar-
thy and James and the late John Hynes, a
native of Ireland, aged 86 years.
(CTFriends'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 -o'clock . sharp, from -tha
parlors of James *- McMenomy & Son; 1057
Mission street, thence to St. Francis- Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. • Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.- '■ ' ' :. ',- " ' ." ■ ..- '' -"
JOHNSON— In San Jose. March 8. 1898. Mrs.
S. E. Johnson, a native of Tennessee, '• aged
72 years 11 months and 11 days. '■ "*•'■*.--
KEEFE— In this city, March 11. 189$, Daniel
Keefe, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years.
KILLACKEY— In this city, .March 11. 1898.
Sarah Killackey, a native of Burr, ! Kings
County, Ireland. : . . > ■
LACEY— this city, March 11, IS9B, "Michael,
beloved husband of Margaret Lacey. - father
of Annie and Eddie Lacey. and . brother of
Patrick, Edward, George and Thomas Lacey,
a native of Innisbofnn Island, County . Gal-
way, • Ireland, aged 45 years., •. • • .^ • . : .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from his" late, i resi-
1 dence, ; 301 • Twenty-second ' street, : Potrero,
thence to St. Theresa's Church; where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be Celebrated for the
- repose of his soul, commencing- at 8:10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LINDEN— In this city, March 8. IS9B, at her
■ residence, 1 1608 A Turk street," Mary, beloved
wife of Edward J. Linden, and mother ,of
Edward J., Frank J. and Kitty Linuen, Mrs.
Bessie Reynolds and Mrs. Nellie Keefe. a na-
tive of Cahirciveen. . County .Kerry, Ireland,
aged 55 years. (Portland,'. New Orleans and
New York papers please copy.) • • . '-V, 1 " ■-_,
, |C7"Frlends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend : the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1608 A Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Church. Eddy street, near Scott, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. " Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALNBURG— In this city. March .11.- .1898.
Ruth G. 8... beloved daughter of Robert and
Jennie Malnburg. and sister of. Raymond and
Elenor Malnburg. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 18 days. " ._ ...
O'CONNOR— In this city. March 11. - 1898, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Owen O'Connor, mother
of Mrs. C. P. Twigs," Mrs. Birde Josephs
and John M. O'Connor, and sister of John
D Brosnan and Mrs. Ellen Arling, a native
of Ireland, aged 60 years. --;■ ■;
PAUL— In this city. March 10.- 1898. Thomas
Francis, beloved son of Maria P. Paul, and
brother "of Mrs. H. Schaffner,- Mrs. R. M.
Small and Robert H. Paul,' a native of San
Francisco, aged 30 years -2 months and la
a (C? : Friends and acquaintances are respect-
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tG-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from St. I'Patricks1 ' Patricks
Church, Mission street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
T M * I.— Officers ' and members :of Pioneer
Council No. 1, Young Men's Institute, are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late brother. Thomas F. Paul, to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence. 40S 1 £ Natoma street. Fines will
be strictly enforced fo^non-attend^nce.-
J. J.BORDEN, Rec. Sec. ' Tr^ ;'
RHORER— In South Vallejo, March 9, 1898, J.
■ N. Rhorer, a • native of Indiana,' aged 63
- years 10 months and 5 days. ;
RICHARDSON— In this : city, March 10. 1898.
John beloved husband of Emma Richardson,
and father of Agnes and John Richardson,
Mrs Seaton and Mrs. Frank Smith, T a na-
tive of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 63 years.
CT'Frlends and- acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Trinity Pres-
byterian Church, '■• corner Twenty-third and
Capp streets. Interment Masonic , Cemetery.
SAMBERTRANT-In this city, March 10. 1898,
Francois, beloved husband of . Nellie Sam-
bertrant. father of Frankie, Rosie and John-
nie Sambertrant, and brother-in-law, of Wil-
liam Keegati and Frank Monahan. a nattve
of France, aged 43 years 1 month and 10
days (Lowell, Mass., papers please copy.)
irrFrlends and; acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I' o'clock, from; the parlors of
J S Godeau, 805 Montgomery street, thence
to French Church, where services \ will be
held Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
SANDS-In this city. March 11. . 1898, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Antone Sand^. and
dearly beloved mother of . Joseph and Eman-
uel Sands. Michael . and Maggie Kennedy.
" Mrs A Weltner, Mrs. M. Sheridan and the
late Mrs. Kate-. Both, a native., of ; County
C^ > Friend° d 'and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late res -
dence 106' i Welsh street, thence to St. Rose's
Church where "a i solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose .of r her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - .. . . -
SCHWABACHER— In Seattle. Wash.. -March
810 1898. Fred, dearly beloved son of Abraham
and Sarah Schwabacher. and brother of
Louis A. Schwabacher. Mrs. Charles "K.Ro-
senbaum and Mlna A.. Sam' and Edgar
Ichwabacher, aged 23 years 6 months and 2
Ier Notice of funeral hereafter. «.'.
SILVEY-In this city. March 11 .1898, Flor-
ence Louise, dearly beloved daughter of Alex
and Rebecca Silvey. and sister of Charles and
Ethel Sllvey. a native of San Francisco, aged
2 months and 8 days. , - = .'■; - ..--,-
SOTO— On Mount Hamilton road, near San
JoseTMarch 9. 1898. Joe Prader Soto. aged
22 years. ' -■ -■ ■■ • - - • " _•'-•,
STORMFIELD— In the City and County Hos-
pital. March 11, 189 S. Oscar Stormfleld. ana-
tive of Sweden, aged 4S years. . .-. , ■ ;
STUMPF— In this city. March 10. ' 1895, " Joseph,
beloved husband of Nemesla Stumpf. and
father of Mary Stumpf, a native of Baiern.
Germany, aged 47 years 4 months and 3 days,
irjr Friends- and acquaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz. 8 and 10 City Hall square,
thence to St. Boniface Church, Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her. soul,
commencing, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery- - . , ,
TUCKER— In Vallejo, March .S. 1898, John T.
Tucker a native of England, aged 47 years.
WALSH— In this city, March 10. 1898. Mary
Jane beloved : wife .of Walter J. Walsh,
mother Of Irene. Walter. Francis. Clarence.
Grace, Elmer and Edna Walsh," daughter of
Michael and Jane Finnegan.;.and_ sister .of
M E Finn. Mrs. T. M. Gibson and Peter and
• the late Frank Finnegan. a native of Crau«h-
well. County Galway, Ireland. ?..";'.
ITT Friends . and ; acquaintances • are ■ respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 320 Virginia avenue, oft Mission .street,
between Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth, thence
Ito Old 'St. Mary's College, where ; a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of.
• her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery->- ■"-" ■■ '■ . ■■ '■•'-'." •'•••': ."-" •'"' '"■' ■'
WHALEN— In this city, March 11. IS9B. Brid-
get, beloved daughter of the late William and
the late Catherine Whalen, and, sister of
< Mi's J F.O'Hearn and Mrs.; James Whalen.
a native of Ireland, aged 35 years. .; > ■•-:
WILSON— In t this J city, | March 10, > 1898, J Esther
E * youngest and beloved daughter of Mat-
thew /Wilson, a native of San Francisco, aged
• ■- B_r The funeral will take : place ' this day
■ (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her father," 142 Erie street. Interment I. O.
; O. F Cemetery. " ■■ V.';' ■•■-;:- '.; .-.---j'> •■
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I }}
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
-; "•>■: 20 fITTH' ST., Opp. Lincoln Bohool. I
•'•J "' - " : Telephone, South 80. ?
Estab. 1888. ; - i - T " IXSi : "C-. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
- Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
';:.-.,■; :.-.,■ 22, 24 AND 26 MINT. AVENUE.
> Lady assistants. ' Spacious chapel for the us«
ii oui- patrons. Rubber tires on our ambuUnc*.
.-: '-.--:/- '" ■ ,". - '- - . -■--■ :■:■-: .•'■•'■:
1314
TAINT OF FRAUD
ABOUT THE DEPOT
AND ITS MAKERS
Changes by Which the Contractors Seem
to Have Robbed the
Public.
The Floor for Which the State Has Paid and the Floor
Which the State Received Cited as an
Instance.
Rlßing in stately proportions at the ]
foot of Market street is the nearly
completed depot. To the eye it presents j
a noble aspect. - monument to the j
generosity of the public, it might have
been as well a monument to the dili- .
gence and integrity of officers who have
had charge of its erection. But unless
the suspicions which beclo d the repu
tations of more than one man can be ;
cleared away it Is like to be a monu- ;
ment to their shame. The shadow of '
Bcandal rests over the edifice.
There is reason to believe that the j
State has been deliberately cheated.
Every apparent evidence tends to show
that while certain materials and work
were contracted for other materials and
work have been utilized, these being of
inferior quality, but paid for as though j
of the high grade expected. And now I
claims are made that ther will not be j
funds to complete the work. Ample
funds were provided. The limit of ex- ;
penditure was set at $600,000. At one !
stage of progress when contracts to the ;
amount of $530,000 ha^ been let there j
remained only enough contracts still to ;
be let to run the total up to $555,000. i
Surely the margin of $45,000 would have
been considered sufficient to meet the j
possible exigencies.
But there have been no exipencies.
On the contrary the cutting out of ex
pensive detail, the substitution of sec
ond-rate stuffs, the introduction of
cheaper methods would naturally have j
been regarded as tending to widen the ;
margin. It did not have this effect, i
On the contrary it is a fact of record I
that one contractor was paid $2416 ex- !
tra for so departing from the specifica
tions under which he had agreed to
work as to increase his o'.vn profit by j
many thousands. "Why he should have
been rewarded for a course which
should have received exacti> the con
trary treatment there is nothing in the
minutes of the Harbor Commissioners
to show. They simply did it. Fortu
nately there are bodies to whom such
transactions may be explained. These
bodies are known as grand Juries.
There is one in business In this vi-
cinity.
It is a long and shameful story, to
tell it a duty. Inside and outside the
depot, for all its Imposing tower and
its sweep of its many arched wings, is
tainted by sham. Above the founda
tion has been erected a superstructure
erf fraud. Not that the depot is all bad;
not that every man having to do with
it has been bent on cheating. It is sim
ply spotted with rottenness. Any who
deems himself accused may fly to the
Grand Jury with his woes.
Perhaps a single item may serve to
show the spirit which has governed
parts of the work. The difference be
tween the cost value of the floor of the
great nave as it has been laid and 1 the
cost value of this floor as tne specifi
cations declared it should be laid is
$39,597. Yet it is believed the contract
or was paid according to original speci
fications. This not only inured to the
Illegal profit of some one, but it was
more than a money injury to the State.
Experts declare that the floor is dan
gerous; that it cannot be permanent;
that it is structurally defective. They
make the case so plain that, stripped of
technical terms, it may be understood
by the layman. To make it plainer,
however, a diagram of the two floors is
presented. An astute member of th* 1
Grand Jury might be apt to cut it out
to serve as the inspiration for some
questions. The floor was to have been
supported by arched hollcw tiling.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red, rough, oily,
mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry, thin, and
falling hair, and baby blemishes prevented by
Cimcuß*. Soaf, the most effective skin purify-
ing and beautifying soap in the world, as well as
purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
It aold throojhioat tH» world. P<rrr«» T). * C. Con*.. Sol»
. prop.., Boium. V " Ho" •* B*«utlfjr the Skin, ; free.
BLOOD HUMORS y'^SStiSS&L.-.
Through this was to run a series of
steel ties binding it firmly. That it
would have been strong is patent.
The floor as it is to-day only sug
gests the original because of the mosaic
surface. It rests on a very different
basis. Instead of the tiling there is a
filling of broken stone and cement. To
sustain this is a layer of "expanded
iron." It is light and unsubstantial,
and yet from it the floor must derive
its tensile strength. Expanded iron is
a sheet of the metal slit in parallel
lines, the slits overlapping. Subjected
to lateral strain these slits are distend
ed, so as to present the appearance of a
set of diamond-shaped orifices. To the
uninitiated the metal looks as flimsy as
the iron lath now In common use. But
the serious doubt Is as to its durability
under such conditions as will obtain at
the depot. It will be damp from the
frequent hosing of the floor. It will be
suddenly dried in places by the steam
pipes. Not even fortified by v. coat of
paint against corrosion, it will be cer
tain to rust. With a few months or
years of rust its virtue will depart. The
abolition of the arches altered the depth
of the floor, so that the steel ties had
to be omitted. Had they been put in
they would have been exposed to view.
There is another phase of this part
of the subject. According to contracts
the State furnished the cement de
manded by the plans. With the hol
low tiling there would have been need of
much less cement in this floor than is
there. The cement is combined with
broken stone. The contractor, beln£
obliged to furnish the 6tone. naturally
found it to his interest to use a large
share of cement.
Summarizing briefly here: The floor
is not the one for which the State
agreed to pay. It is computed by per
sons competent to know to have cost
the makers $39,597 less than the floor
as designed would have cost. Now, if
the State not only pays just as if it
were getting the original floor, and
throws in a lot of cement, is not the
State being cheated? This is a ques
tion which naturally comes to mind.
It may also be mentioned as not de
void of interest that the pillars under
neath the girders of this floor were, in
the accepted specifications, sheathed In
fireproof tiling. Now they are pro
tected from flames by a coat of paint.
If any deduction has been made from
the price named in the contract, of
course the Commissioners will be happy
to tell the Grand Jury or anybody else
all about it.
"Passing on to the next scene," as
the showma'i announces, there is a still
more remarkable display, althougn (he
figures may not reach to so startling a
total. Certainly the spectacle of a set
of State officials practically, bribing a
contractor to cheat the State, paying
him roundly for doing cheap work
while his contracts had specified good
work, accepting pooi material and ther
gloating over the bargain is a rare
spectacle This incident carries the in
vestigator back to a meeting of the
Harbor Commission September 19, 1896.
There were present Messrs. Colnon,
Cole and Chadbourne. There was* reaj
on that occasion, as the minutes set.
forth, a letter from C. F. McCarthy,
contractor for masonry on the ferry
building, proposing the following
changes, which he offered to make for
$2416: To change the exterior finish
of the end walls by substituting com
mon brick in place of the Roman brick
and terra cotta called for, the granite
base to be omitted.
To substitute Tennessee marble for
all Interior finish where the contract
specified enameled brick or enameled
terra cotta, with the exception of one
room, to be finished in plain brick. And
all for an extra trifle of $2416! Such
liberality merits at least passing no.
tice. By leaving out the white enam
eled terra cotta in the errand nave there
was saved $13,896. Saved to whom?
Not the State. Mr. McCarthy was able
to save more than this. To put in
the enameled brick the State paid him
extra, for not putting in would have
cost him 16 cents a foot more than it
did to put in the marble, a total of
$2270.
Taking: a look at the ends of the build
ing it will be noted that McCarthy
lived up to the revised contract, li
called for common brick arui he put it
there: the brick of which little factory
chimneys are made. This portion of the
great structure looks as cheap and poor
as the rear elevation of a livery barn.
Yet it has been designed to be a thine
of beauty. Had the original plan been
followed, and it was followed until
after the letting of contracts, there
would have been in these now unsight
ly end walls 31,634 pressed, square Ro
man brick, and 3581 molded brick. The
first cost $45 per thousand, the second
$75 per thousand. Their places were
taken by brick costing about $6 or per
haps $14 laid in the wall. For thus
adding to the profits of his contract
McCarthy got $2416. Here's an actual
blaze of generosity.
A few queries might be projected in
to the situation. Why was this done?
Why was work cheapened when the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 12, 1898.
only apparent gain was to a private in
dividual who had undertaken to do the
work properly, had given bonds to per
form it? Why, instead of not forcing
him to live up to the terms was he paid
for accepting other terms solely in his
own advantage?
The subject opened is so vast that in
a single article it cannot even be
skimmed. Perhaps another glance
through the grand nave with its cheap
marble at fancy price would not be a
loss of time. The glory of this place
departed when the commission decided
to divest it of ornate features, to
cheapen it, and there is a curiosity to
learn why it was cheapened. To fully
understand why this is so great a mys
tery the fact must be kept in mind
that the cheapening was done after the
contracts had been let with the scheme
of using materials named in the speci
fications. It must be remembered also
that the State pays the price it agreed
to pay; only it pays for something it
never intended to buy.
From the nave have been omitted
terra cotta caps, plinths, bases and
string courses, a gain to the contractor
of $3345 over that which he would have
received had he been held to the terms
of his bargain. The gain is not shared
by the State. In every deal yet brought
to light the State has been dls
tincly the loser. Above the 12.6 line
in the grand nave, the height at which
the marble ends, there were to have
been Roman square brick. Of these
76,500 would have been required. There
were to have been of arcl ed and mold
ed brick 67,000. These were to have been
of special size and pattern. Instead of
them is seen a commonplace brick of
standard size, already turning green,
worth $5 less per thousand. Does the
State pay any less? But. perhaps tb»-
Grand Jury, to which casual reference
has been made heretofore, may more
properly venture an interrogation so
painful.
There is more to be said hereafter.
The subject so full of interest to all
citizens, has barely been touched. But
already it has been shown that the tax
payers have reason to believe they
have been mulcted in a sum of surpris
ing magnitude.
AN OPINION DOES
NOT DISQUALIFY
An Important Ruling of Judge
Carroll Cook in the Hoff
Case.
Two Jurors Selected to Try the Ac
cused. Carpet Layer for Mrs.
Clute's Murder.
"If every citizen who has formed an
opinion upon a case from what he has
read of it in the newspapers is to be
thereby disqualified from sitting as a
juror at a trial, we shall In many
cases never succeed in getting a jury
at all. In my opinion, the mere pos
session of an opinion based upon news
paper articles is no disqualification of
a citizen to act as a juror. I shaJl so
hold. The challenge Is denied."
These words, uttered by Judge Car
roll Cook yesterday morning in making
a ruling in the case of a talesman in
the Hoff case, show that his Honor is
at radical variance with the estab
lished custom followed by criminal
Judges generally in this State. Tales
men confessing to an opinion upon the
guilt or innocence of a defendant have
heretofore found that a challenge in
terposed by counsel had the effect of
preventing their acting as jurors.
A. S. Tubbs, the well-known Front
street merchant, was the man who held
the opinion in this instance. He was
of a fixed opinion and said it would
take evidence to change that opinion.
Accordingly he was challenged by At
torney Schooler under section 1076 of
the Penal Code. Judge Cook then put
the following questions to Mr. Tubbs:
"Is your opinion based upon public
rumor?"
"It is not."
"Is it on common notoriety?"
"It is not."
"On statements made to you by wit
nesses in the case?"
"No."
"Upon statements made to you by
persons claiming to be acquainted with
the facts?"
"No."
"Then on what is it based?"
"Upon statements made In the public
journals."
"Upon those alone?"
"Upon those alone."
"Notwithstanding this opinion that
you hold, can you and will you, if
chosen as a Juror in this case, act im
partially and fairly and try this case
according to the evidence and instruc
tions of the court?"
"I can and will, 1 said Mr. Tubbs.
"Challenge denied," said the court.
An exception was taken to the rul
ing of the court, but Tubbs kept his
seat in the Jury box and to rid himself
of him Attorney Schooler had recourse
later on to one of his peremptory chal
lenges, few of which remain. Judge
Cook has further distinguished himself
in this case by peremptorily shortening
the examination of talesmen.
There were eight accepted jurymen
in the box when court was called yes
terday morning, but there were ten at
the end of the session. C. B. Perkins
of 1033 Market street and Edward Oli
ver of 2098 Market street were accepted.
An adjournment was taken to next
Monday morning. District Attorney
Barnes was busy elsewhere yesterday
and in his absence his associate*.
Messrs. Hosmer and Titus, represented
the people.
Marteau .Recitals.
Assisted by Lachaume, the pianist,
Marteau will give the first of his recitals
this afternoon at the Young Men's Audi
torium. The young violinist will be heard
a^aln in the Bach sonata for violin alone
(the first), the work in which he most
distinguished himself at the symohony
concert.
ASKED A LOAN
FROM BROKER
SOL KAMPE
The Grand Juror Tells
About the Ken
nedy Affair.
Says the Teacher's Wife
Stated That Positions
Could Be Bought
Wanted to Borrow $300 to
Get Her Husband Into the
Department.
STANTON KEEPS SHADY.
Rumors That Kllpatrlck Is Keeping
Him Out of Sight Until the
Trial Cornea Up.
There is one grand juror at least who
believes that teachers' positions have
been purchased from members of the
Board of Education right along, and
he does not hesitate to express his be
lief. This juror is S. Kampe, the money
broker, whose dealings with public offi
cials and employes of every class for
years has given him as close an insight
into the secret workings of the munici
pality as any man in town.
Mr. Kampe told in detail yesterday
his knowledge of the circumstances at
tending Kennedy's appointment to a
position in the department, and while
denying that he had loaned the teacher
the money to purchase his position, or
that he knew definitely that the posi
tion was purchased, he regarded the
affair as suspicious.
"For some munths before Kennedy
came to San Francisco," said Mr.
Kampe, "his wife kept a dressmaking
establishment on Van Ness avenue, a
short distance frum where my brother
and his wife lived. My sister-in-law
had some work done there and in that
way became quite friendly with Mrs.
Kennedy. Kennedy was teaching school
somewhere in the country and Mrs.
Kennedy was anxious to have him get
into the department here.
"One day my sister-in-law came to
me and said that Mrs. Kennedy had
told her that her husband could get a j
position for $300. I told my sister-in
law to advise Mrs. Kennedy not to put
up a cent for it was probably a bunko
game and she would lose the money j
and not get the position. As for me, I
refused point blank to loan her the
money for any such purpose, and did
not see Mrs. Kennedy about the mat
ter at all.
"Shortly after that, I learned that
Kennedy was In the city and had been
appointed substitute teacher in the f
evening schools. In a little while — two
or three weeks I should say — Kennedy
was given a regular position on full
salary. Of course this may have been
all regular enough, but taking into con
sideration what my sister-in-law said, ;
It would appear to be different.
"That is Just where the trouble is in
getting sufficient facts before the Grand
Jury to warrant an indictment. We
can get plenty of hearsay evidence,
such as my knowledge of the Kennedy
affair, but when it comes to getting def
inite information, such as would hold
in a court of justice, it is a different
matter.
"Now, in regard to Kilpatrick's
charge that I loaned Kennedy the mon
ey. I have loaned Kilpatriek money at '■
various times since October, 1896. One i
day he came into my office, and we got
to talking about the charges that
teachers' positions were for sale. I :
told him about the Kennedy affair ex- j
actly as I have told you. When I had
finished Kilpatriek exclaimed: 'I !
wouldn't take $1000 for that informa- ,
tion!'
•• '"Well, you got it for nothing,' I re- j
piled, and soon after Kilpatrlck went
out. A few days afterward he returned
with President Barrington, of the i
School Board, and asked me to repeat ■
what I had told him about Kennedy. J
I did so, and when Mr. Barrington had \
heard it, he remarked that it was mere- \
ly hearsay, and would not be accepted
as testimony. I agreed with him, and as
sured him that if I knew anything den
nite about any crooked work going on, '
I would gladly aid in exposing it. It is !
on this that Kilpatrick bases his asser- I
tion that I loaned Kennedy $300 to put |
up for his position."
Mr. Kennedy was seen at the Lincoln j
School last evening, and questioned j
about Kampe's statement.
"There is no truth in it," said Mr. !
Kennedy. "I did not pay a cent for !
my appointment, nor did my wife.
Neither did we offer to pay or were
asked to pay any sum whatever. My j
wife never made any such statement
to Kampe's sister-in-law, and Mr. !
Kampe must have misunderstood her." j
Kennedy admitted that he was sp- j
pointed to the substitute list several !
weeks before his arrival in this city. !
"My acquaintance with Dr. Ragan ■■
dates back to the time when I was
County Superintendent of Schools in j
- evada County. He was then 18 years i
old, and appeared before the board of !
examiners, of which I was a member,
for a teacher's certificate. After that
I saw him frequently, for I was at i
Grass Valley, while he was at Nevada
City, only four miles away. It was i
owing to our longr acquaintance that
he assisted me to this position, and
notblng more."
Stanton, whose affidavits have won
for him so much notoriety, has not '
been seen since Tuesd_y, and it is the
general impression that he is not in
town. It has been intimated that Kil- j
Patrick had him hidden away until !
such time as he wanted to put him
forward to substantiate the statements
contained in his last affidavit: but Kil- j
Patrick denied last night that he knew j
where Stanton was, and expressed the i
belief that he had left town.
Kilpatrick 9aid he was exceedingly
anxious to learn of Stanton's where
abouts, as his evidence was essential
to his cause.
To-Day's News Letter.
Is filled with sharp comment on current
events. The School Board is scored, Jury
fixers roasted and the Cuban crisis ably
reviewed. Paul Jarboe, General Barnes,
Judge Murphy, Dr. Regensburger, Rev.
Dr. Hemphill and others unconsciously
contribute to the Looker-On. and the
Town Crier pricks a dozen local bubbles
in caustic manner. Short stories and
miscellaneous literary matter, a breezy
review of theatricals and financial news
make up a number of unusual interest.
Ten cents of all newsdealers.
To Be Made a Test Case.
S. B. Hutchinson, a merchant who
deals in trading stamps, was arrested
yesterday on the complaint of License
Collector Bonnet for violating the license
laws. The intention Is to make the case
a test one.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___~_--~-~-~-~~-~~
P : ■■ T/T-X-1- f :^r ; .' ■ «
I Hales. I
8« »2
»8
gg Last ««
I Chance ■ ' ■ 1|
qq I O"LJB.y« The balance of the J. Fogel stock and the Bauer & Soloman gg
gg stock to be sold out to-day. The selling to cease at 6 o'clock to-night. Everything left will g c
na'be put in regular stock. Many new lines have taken the places of lots sold. It is wiser to g»
j*a come in the morning. Buying is easier then ; choosing more satisfactory. To-day you'll
£g have an opportunity to buy at a big slice less than the cost of making. For instance, take »»
88 the # gown selling at 69c: #g
O» Cost of 4« yards of cambric at 9c yard..... i 4lc o#
D# Cost of 4^ yards of cambric at 9c yard - 41c
©8 .Cost of 8 yards of lace edging • Isc
S& Cost of 1 yard of insertion :•••• •— 8c '&&
 Cost of buttons, thread, etc ••• • 5o j5«
3*2 Cost of making (wholesale).'.. - • • 35c 0^
■;.".. :: •;,,:: :' $1.04 - . »«
0# Can be bought at Hale's : • 69c £fg
~j; Saving over cost of making.............. • :—•:•• * 35 ° ££
S^ This gown was picked at random as a fair example. S3
0w „ — WW
1 Wa&t&rs- i
/ [INCORPORATED] »«
»a 937-949 Market Street, gg
g^ SAN FRANCISCO. QQ
NO RIGHT TO DEMAND
OR HOLD DEPOSITS
The Gas Company Acknowledges
That It Unlawfully Collected
From Its Patrons.
Calls Its Demands "Voluntary Advance
Payments"— L F. Long Promises an
Interesting Suit for Damages.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company has acknowledged that it has
no right to demand deposits from those
applying for gas service from them or
to hold them after they have been
made. The officers of the company
were served yesterday with papers in
the suit commenced by Henry James
for the recovery of a deposit of $5 that
had been collected from him several
years ago and which they had persist
ently refuse I to return, and in reply to
the suit they sent Mr. James the fol
lowing communication:
In the communication the gas com
pany calls the deposit a "voluntary ad
vance payment." Frank McGowan. the
attorney for Henry James, looks upon
the statement as a frank acknowledg
ment that the company had and knew
it had no right to demand the "volun
tary advance payment" from its pat
rons. He looks upon the action of
the defendant in the suit as a victory
for his client and says it looks very
much as though any person who has
made any such payment to the gas
company can demand the return of the
money at any time, and he need not be
afraid of a refusal. Mr. James, how
ever Is not yet through with his suit.
His attorneys say it is practically won.
but there is now a matter of a few dol
lars costs that have been incurred in
the suit that has yet to be collected
and as the suit was rummenced as a
fight to a fi-nish the gas company will
In all probability be asked to pay that
£lISO
Legal opinions agree that the San
Francisco >^as and Electric Company
has no right to demand or receive de
posits from its customers for supply
ing gas to their residences or places
of business. It is claimed by more
than one attorney that the great
amount of money that has been taken
over the counter of the corporation's
offices is being withheld illegally from
its patrons. It is also apparent that
the officers of the gas company are
well aware that it has no right to de
mand or even ask that deposits be
given by consumers before gas service
is given them. This is shown by the
company's treatment of many of its
consumers who applied in the regular
way for gas service, but who demanded
their rights under the law and refused
to comply with the usual demand for a
deposit. Most of the people who are
acquainted with the law and the gas
company generally make their applica
tion in writing and take a witness with
them when they present it at the of
fice. It has been the general expert
ence of those persons to have the de
sired connections with the street mains
made within a few hours after the ap
plication is made and the collectors
make it a point to read their meters
correctly and be civil when the billa
the fac-simile yjjT //gJ> ■-■* it on every wrapper
signature of (*A&jr*&£&i& «* CASTOBIA.
are presented for collection.
Hundreds of patrons of the company
have been sanaoaeeed into putting up
deposits and it has been the experience
of many not to be able to get credit
for the amount when a settlement is
demanded. L. F. Long, who is em
ployed by the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners as superintendent of
the urgent repairs department, has for
weeks been trying to settle his account
with the gas company. Several years
ago he resided at 1505 Scott street.
When he moved there he had gas put
in his residence and he complied with
the usual demand for a deposit, giving
$5. After a few months he moved to
2118 Geary street. The company con
tinued to suppi him with gas and no
fault was found with the payment of
the bills when they were presented.
About four months ago he moved to
201 Buena Vista avenue. When he
moved he notified the gas company and
asked for hia bill. It amounted to $5 95.
The collector was tendered the certifi
cate of deposit for $5 and 95 cents in
cash. The collector refused to accept
it. When Long moved into the new
house the owner of the property noti
fied the gas company that ne would be
security for the gas bills his tenant
would incur and the gas was turned on
at the house on Buena Vista avenue.
For three months gas was served the
house and each month the bills were
paid promptly. Every time, however,
the collector called he presented the
bill for $5 95 that was incurred in the
Geary-street residence and each time
the certificate of deposit and 95 cents
were tendered in payment for it and
each time it was refused, .ur. Long
finally got tired of having the bill pre
sented and he called at the office to de
mand an explanation. Again he of
fered the certificate calling for $5, but
the officials of the company very curtly
refused to honor it.
A day or two later the gas was
turned off from the house. Mr. Long
was obliged to purchase lamps and oil
and for the past month he has been
obliged to go without gas in his resi
dence. Three times since he has sent
notes to the gas company to call and
accept payment for the bill. Once a
collector responded to the note, but he
would not honor the certificate and the
bill is yet unpaid, but the money has
been offered to them half a dozen times.
The Long residence is without gas and
there is every possibility that a dam
age suit for close on to $200 will be
brought against the company within a
few days.
According to the law provided to pro
tect gas consumers from the clutches of
such corporations Lonr Is entitled to
$50 for the first ten days that th^ com
pany refuses to connect his residence
with the gras mains and $5 for each suc
ceeding day that the service is with
held.
I SUPPLIES I
J " KLONDIKE
l' • should include C
!; BORDEN'S
Peerless Brand
; EVAPORATED CREAM
,' . UNSWEETENED
I The high reputation for keeping:
J aulity is already well estab-
' ;'l hshed ; hence, no experiment; J ' -" C
j y^Jg'y C^^JP^SED MILK CO. >
OOOOOOC OO OO OOOOOOO
T " f PALACE *•«•§
%CRAND» OT Eh. s %
q SAN FRANCISCO. q
** Connected by ' a covered passageway. Jr
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. €>
O " " All Under One Management. O
O , NOTE THE PRICES: O
g\ European Plan. SI. OO per day and upward - s
** American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward *•»
O . ' Correspondence Solicited. Q
Q JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Hunger. q
O O 00000000000000
MADE ME A MAN
AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUEB
ft/ \ IHseases— Falling Mem*
»2 £ I or 7< Impotency, Sleeplesanees, eto- caased
r »YJ by Abase or other Excesses ana India-
§AJAX TABLETS quickly and CURE
A. ZJ, Nervous JJineasrn — Falling Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleep leaaness, etc., caussj
by Abuse or other Excesses and India*
cretions, TJiey quickly and surely
\ restore Lost Vitality in old or young, ana
VfSv 6^. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
r ft i L r ii iTlj' Prevent Insanity and . Consumption if
taken in me. - Their aso shows immediate improve-
ment and effects a CUBE where all other fail In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets.. They
hare cored thousands and will core yon. We civs a pos-
itive written ganrantea to etfsct a cure CO JITC ia
each case or refund the money. Price WW Vlwi per
package; or six pkges (fall treatment) for $2.60. By
mail. In plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
*«» AJAX REMEDY CO., ™,Sg*r^
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnits A Co..
■0 Batter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 953 Mkt.
Pennyroyal pslls
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B r—^S^*N Original aad Only Genuine. ■ A
y^/Ti^OV ■ •»«, slwaji rellkbla. l*ok* Hk s\
fAS V^SK Dru«irt for CSicAatcr m Engliili Din jfflV\
t^i^fl|tffl<'iiii Brand in Ked ud Gold me t»i;ic\\iW
TT\ — r^?Jho«». sealed with blue ribbon, 'lake Yfir
TW «*>Jno other. Rtfuti datigtrou* tubtUtu- . V
I / ~ lion* and imitation*. At Ornggiili, or Mud 4«.
I W ' JJf Is stimpi for partkuUri. tutimoniiln u<
' *"'» Ep . " Relief for Ladle*," in UtUr. by r-tnra
-p^^^^p^ Sfuil. 10.000 TntimoDUU. -rm»' Safer.
- . Chl*ihe«t<TChemic»lCo.,Ylnitl»o«'«i«Br«,
•4hysllLoc»JDmr»Utv I'll 1 LA I a.. VJu
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful .-.phrodislac and specific tonlo
for : the sexual r and urinary organs of both
texes, and a great remedy for diseases or tna
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRINE. Agent*. , „
128 Market Street. S. F.—< Send for Circular. >
DR.MCMLTY.
THIB v:ellksow> t and reliable Or.I»
X Sppt-lallstruTV.? Prlvate,Servous,l:lood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Mnnly Power restore.l. Over ,
20years>xperieuce. Send for Bodk, free. P»tlents
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
dallv;6:3otoB.3oev*s- Sundays. 10 to 12. Consalta-
tlon*free and sHcredlycoufldentlaL Cull or address
V BOSCOE ]WcJ«UI»TIYM.I>.,
26 Kearnr Ktr«f t. San rr»ncl»c». Cal.
IT hi i iWmT *4\
luiiiiin^iiMii;
«m WE YOU Soro Throat, Pimples, Copper- JS
X Colored Spots, Aches, . Old Sorea. Olcera §
BFn Mouth HaiV-Fallla?? Write COOK KEM- 9
■ EDYCO., 213 Sore Throat. Pimples, Copper- M
p^TrPd Suots Aohea, Old Sores. Ulcer*
fnMomh fialr-Faliiu? Write C(X>K HKM-
EDY CO 2W MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI-
■ CAGO ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital B
H jsob.ooo. Worst cases cured In 15 to 36 days, g
■ iuo-page boon *™^^^^^^^^^^^^^
tvMt DR. JORDAN'S °™t
JjL Museum of Anatomy
f»S\ 1151 UA2IET ST. bet. 6th i 7ti, S. F. C&L
B ■ The Larfftt of its klsdiottn World. '
I Sat\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Consol tattoo frea. Vrito for Book '
fTjf Philosophy of Marriage.
<P U M»ll.«O FRCC
SALE OF INDIAN BASKETS.
The studio 'of Applied Arts. 704 Sutter at,', la
having a | sale of flre-etched wood ■ and leather,
preparatory to moving to 324 gutter T March 18.