VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 130.
THE ICE BOUND WHALERS
ARE IN NEED OF HELP
ONE SHIP BURNED,
ANOTHER IS SUNK,
BALANCE IN PERIL
Third Mate Tilton of the Belvedere Sent
for Thousands of Miles Across
Alaska to Seek Aid.
Meets Lieutenant Jarvis of the Bear Expedition
and Brings the News That After July
the Men in the Ice Will Be
Without Food.
BY GEORGE F. TILTON.
•PORTLAND, Or., April B.— The whal
ing steamer Belvedere. M. B. V. Mil
lftrd master, left San Francisco on the
Tth day of March, 1897, and I was
chirred on her in the capacity of third
mate.
■\Ve had either stormy weather or
jjaleß all the way up, and during one
ffalc a sea swept her decks, carrying
lively two of our whaleboats and the
jihboom.
Ths same sea washed one of the
men around the decK so violently
thut he died from the injuries he le
ccived, and we buried him in XTna
laska, Into which port we put in to
make repairs.
After leaving Unalaska we had a
THAT NIGHT THE FREEMAN BURNED TO THE WATER'S EDGE.
succession of gales and were in the
same storm that wrecked the ship Sa
in aria and the schooner General Sig
lon.
We succeeded In catching one bow
head whale, the bone of which we
shipped to San Francisco on the
schooner Sailor Hoy, which was re
reiving freight from the whale ships at
Port Clarence.
In July we returned to Unalaska to
get sufficient coal to last the balance
of the voyage, and then went bark to
the Arctic Ocean. We had fair weather
up to the Bth of September last. On
that date \v<; were in young ice, about i
miles to the eastward of Point
Barrow. Close to us lay the steam
whaler Orca, Captain A. C. Sherman;
the steamer Jessie H. Freeman, Cap- \
tain Humphreys, and the schooner Ro- j
Bario, Captain Edwin Coffin. Previous!
to this date the schooner Rosario lay |
In i-ueh a dangerous position that the
Ft<-;:mer Orca steamed over to her and
1 her to safer anchorage, thereby '
saving the officers, crew and vessel.
On the evening of September 8 a na
tive boarded us, bringing with him a
message from the whaleships over to
the eastward, and requesting us to
cache on the shore all the provisions
we could spare and then work south j
as quickly as possible to a place of
safety, where they could join us and
go with us to San Francisro.
Early on the morning of the 9th the
masters of the four ships held a con
sultation as to the best method of work-
Ing our way out. The young ice was
making fast, and there was also a
heavy ridga of ice along the coast,
The San Francisco Call
through which we would have to blow
out a canal. The engine force of the
three steamers was immediately put to
work making cartridges, weighing five
pounds each, of the blasting and gun
powder on our ships, and the tonite
powder was taken out of the darting
and shoulder bombs and also made into
cartridges. These cartridges were
placed on the ends of long poles, shoved
under the ice and exploded. Mr. Wal
l«er of the Orca and myself had charge
of exploding the bombs.
The distance we had to blow out was
about one mile and a half, and we
used over a thousand pounds of powder
and tonite in the work.
The balance of the crews were busy
In sawing and poling the ice out of the
way. Young ice was making- all the
time, ajid the steamers had all they
could do with both steam and sail to
work their way through the canal. The
schooner Rosario did not attempt to
come through the canal, aa Captain
Coffin hoped the Ice would open enough
to permit him to get into the lagoon
! near Point Barrow, where she would
jbe safe. We afterward learned that she
had failed to get into the lagoon.
In forcing through the ice the
Orca broke the three rudder pintels,
! making her unmanageable, so she
was taken in tow by the Freeman and
towed through the balance of the
distance.
To make this canal took all hands
three days and nights, stopping only for
meals. The ships got out of the canal
on September 14.
The Jessie H. Freeman and the Belve
dere lay by the Orca until she had re
paired her rudder, and when that was
finished all steamed toward the south,
the ice getting heavier all the time. We
arrived off the Sea Horse Islands on
the 22d day of September, a distance of
forty-five miles from Point Barrow.
On this date the Orca, while fol
lowing us, was caught between two
immense ice floes and crushed with
such force as to take the stern post
and steering gear completely out of
her and hurl the wheel through the
pilot house. Her officers and crew
jumped for the ice immediately.
At this time our ship was near clear
water, but seeing the predicament of.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898 — TWENTY-FOUR PAGES.
the Orca's crew we turned back, work
ing through the Ice, to save them. We
finally succeeded in getting: all the men
on board our ship and steered toward
clear water again, the Jessie H. Free
man being at this time about three
miles to the northward.
We were forcing our way along,
when, about two hours after rescu
ing the Orca's crew, we saw the Free
man in the same predicament as the
Orca, and her crew jumping on the
ice, so we turned back, again to save
these men.
The wind was now blowing heavily
from the westward, forcing the old
ice against the young ice and shelv
ing it, making it impossible for us
I THE ORCA GRADUALLY SLID UNDER THE ICE FLOE UNTIL SHE DISAPPEARED.
TILTON'S DEPARTURE FROM THE POINT BARROW STATION.
now to get out, so we worked with
the ice toward the main land and
succeeded in getting into Pearl Bay,
the heavy ice grounding outside.
Our crew at this time numbered
forty-five men, and we had rescued
fifty-three men from the Orca and
forty-nine men fmm the Freeman. We
knew that the best place to camp
would be on the Sea H^n-se Is'.vtuls, and
ff we could fret the ship l.<*himl tho
islands we would have a change to save
her. On the twenty-third some of the
men commenced sledding 1 provisions
over to the islands, a distance of three
miles, others emptied water out of the
casks to lighten ship, the bulkheads
were torn down for the purpc.-se of
making houses on shore, the black
smith commenced making cookstoves
from the coal oil drums, and others set
to work cutting a canal.
Mr. Walker volunteered to go back
to the Orca with a ccruple of natives
and save all the provisions he could,
and said he would signal to us his
safe arrival.
That afternoon we saw smoke from
the Freeman, and at night she lit up
the sky. She burned to the water's
edge.
We afterward learned that some na
tives had boarded her, got into her
hold and had dropped a lighted lamp,
setting fire to the ship.
On the 29th of September, not having
seen any signals from the Orca, I vol
unteered to go to her, to save what
provisions I could and learn the fate
of Mr. Walker and his two natives.
I t(K>k with me four natives. I
was instructed to loose the gaff top
sails and set the main royal should we
succeed in reaching her, and if Mr.
Walker was safe to run the flying jib
up and down a few times. They would
answer by the same signals.
The Orca was lying fully twelve miles
from us. The ice between the two
ships was In a very poor condition. It
was full of holes, and' the pressure of
the heavy ice would make large cracks
in the new ice, sometimes right under
our feet, causing us at times to move
very lively. After six hours' hard
work we reached the ship and boarded
her. We found Mr. Walker and his
two natives hard at work. We imme
diately signaled our ship, as agreed
upon, receiving their signals in return,
and then went to work to get the pro
| visions Mr. Walker had saved on the
i ice. I found the ship nearly full of
water, and to get the provisions we
had to fish for them with long-han
dled bow hooks. We got thirty-two
sacks of flour and twenty cases of
canned meats, and some other material,
on the Ice. Both the ship and ice were
drifting all the time, the ship having
been kept up by the ice pressing against
her sides.
I was coming to the rail with a
case of meat, when I felt a peculiar
motion. I threw the case on the ice
as far as I could and jumped. The
ship careened slowly over on her
side and at the same time gradually
slid under the ice floe until she com
pletely disappeared.
We had not been on the ship three
hours when she sank. We then com-
menced sledding the provisions we had
saved to the south sandpit of the Sea
Horse Islands, which was about three
miles to the westward. We were two
days in getting these provisions to the
beach, making our camp on the beach,
our tent being made of boat sails.
The water was cold the thermometer
registering from 4 to 8 degrees below
zero. In the meantime the Belvedere
had been worked through the ice and
was placed in as good a place as could
be found behind the Sea Horse Isl
ands, and about fifteen miles from our
camp. Some Indians who had been out
hunting polar bear passed b our camp
and told us that we could get dogs and
sleds from Point Belcher to help take
the material saved to our ship. We
went with these natives and they
brought over two teams of five and six
dugs each, and on the sixth dp- al! the
food saved was put on the Belvedere,
the sleds making one round trip each
day with small loads.
The natives wanted provision* for
their work, but we could not spare any,
and paid them in drilling-, needles,
thread and similar articles. I was ab
sent from the ship on this trip nine
days.
On October 3 Captains Mlllard,
Humphreys and Sherman had another
consultation and called for volunteers
to go to Point Barrow and inform Mr.
Charles Brower, superintendent of the
Liebes whaling station, of our situation
and ask him to help us if he possibly
could. Stephen Cottle, our second
mate, and the fourth and fifth mates
of the Freeman volunteered. They had
to go on foot. They made for the main
land and then for the station. They
traveled over sixty-five miles, the trip
being made in three nights and two
days. Mr. Brower received the officers
in a most kindly manner, and went to
work right away to engage all the dog
teams and sleds he could find around
Point Barrow and r'&pe Bmith. He
dispatched Alfred Hopson, his as
sistant, with the teams to the Belve
dere, arriving there October 7. He had
instructed Mr. Hopson to say that all
of us were welcome at his station, and
he was willing to divide the last crust
with us. Mr. Brower has, by his kind
ness, saved the lives of over 300 men.
He has over 100 natives engaged to
work for him. He gave them rifles and
cartridges and Instructed them to
brin in all the game they could find,
but that they must at any rate get
enough meat to support themselves.
Mr. Hopson had six teams with him
and started back to the station, taking
forty men and some provisions. Some
of the men were so sick and feeble they
had to ride back the entire distance,
the trip being made in four days' time.
Mr. Hopson started back for the Belve
dere on October 13, making the trip in
twenty-two hours. Mr. Brower sent by
him a complete inventory of the provis
ions at the station and also the reports
from the four ships that were in the
ice to the eastward, together with the
list of provisions each of these ships
had on hand. An inventory of the pro
visions on the Belvedere was taken and
we found that there was not enough
on board to keep the entire crew, pro
viding we did not get out until spring.
Mr. Hopson started back the same
day he arrived, taking with him this
time sixty-four men and sufficient pro
visions to last a few days. Captain
Millard had fitted the Orca men with
all the blankets and clothing possible,
as they had to leave the vessel hur
riedly. The Freeman men had had
more time, and had saved all the oloth
ing and blankets they could carry. I
was successful in getting a dog team
and left the ship October 15 to go to the
station. I made the trip in three days.
Captain Millard was successful in se
curing a good dog team and he came to
Point Barrow with Captains Sherman
and Humphreys to discuss the situation
with Mr. Brower and the officers of the
ships.
At this meeting the inventories were
all completed and the entire amount of
provisions on hand from al! sources as
certained. It was decided that by care
ful use an allowance of two scant meals
per day could be made for the men of
the eight ships, which would last up to
the first dax of July, but the allowance
must be a scant one.
It was also decided at this meeting
to call for a volunteer to go south
not only to carry news, but also to
ask help at the earliest possible op
portunity.
I volunteered to make the trip and
others were willing to go with me,
but after considering the situation
carefully we came to the conclusion
that, providing I failed, one dead
man would be enough.
Captains Millard, Sherman and
Humphreys and Mr. Bowers were giving
me all the encouragement they could,
both by word and deed. Mr. Brower
purchased the dogs. The Indians would
gladly have given a dog for a sack of
flour, but not an ounce of provisions
could be spared. The dogs were pur
chased with trade and cost us over one
hundred dollars each. A sled was made
for me, harness made for the dogs, the
native women made skin clothing and
sleeping bags for myself and the two
Indian runners. These runners would
not accompany me any further than
Point Hope. A mast and sail were also
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
included in the outfit and an American
ensign added to float from the mast
head.
I loaded the sled with provisions to
last us for fifteen days, in which time I
expected to arrive at Point Hope, only
allowing myself the same amount per
day that all the men were setting —
two scant meals a day and frozen fish
for my dogs.
Everything being ready, my Bail put
up and the flag fluttering from the
masthead, we shook hands all around,
received lots of good wishes and en-
couragement, and started on my trip
toward civilization, all hands giving
hearty cheers until I was out of sight.
I left Point Barrow at 12 m. on Oc
tober 22, my first objective point be
ing to get to the Belvedere and get
from her a boat compass, a rifle for
the natives, a rifle and shotgun for my
own use, a parallel ruler, a pair of di
viders, and chart, and a portable stove,
which the blacksmith of the Orca was
making for me.
The first stop was made at the refuge
station, now in charge of Michael
Heeney, who is making an Arctic col
lection of curios for the Smithsonian
Institution. A number of shipwrecked
officers are being sheltered and cared
for by Mr. Heeney. He insisted on
us having a lunch with him, photo
graphed the outfit and off we started.
About a mile farther south we met Dr.
Drigs and his wife.
Our outfit was photographed ajraln,
and the doctor prepared a lot of lini
ment and medicines in case it would
be necessary to use them. They wished
me godspeed on my journey, and that
night we camped at a native village
called Simroe. Left the next morning at
5 o'clock, and reported the ship in time
for supper, the actual traveling time
! from the point being seventeen and a
I half hours.
The morning I left Point Barrow Mr.
j Brow^r had received news from the
j ships to the eastward and had succeed
i ed in getting six dog teams, and it was
his intention to get Dr. Driggs to ac
company him to this fleet, as there
were several that needed the doctor's
| attention. He was also taking back
j with him all the men necessary to
watch the ships.
The steamer? Fearless, Captain
James McKenna, and the steamer
Newport, Captain G. B. Leavett, were
about sixty miles to the eastward, of
the point, five miles off shore and in
heavy ice. The tender Jeannie, Cap
tain P. H. Mason, was about fifteen
| miles still further to the east and
i about the same distance from shore.
| The bark Wanderer was about ninety
• miles west of Herscliel Islands, but
did not learn her exact position.
The general opinion was that the
entire fleet would be either ground to
pieces or else carried away by the
ice, but no lives would be lost.
Our tent having been made and ev
erything finished, I left the Belvedere
on the morning of October 26, being
cheered by my shipmates as far as I
could hear them, and that night camp
ed at Point Belcher.
We made an early start the next day
and that night camped at Wainwright
Inlet, and on the night of the 28th
camped at Icy Cape. As the wind was
blowing a hurricane from the southeast
we remained in camp all day, but man
aged to get an early start on the morn
ing of the 30th.
The heavy wind had blown all the
snow from the shore, and soon after
starting came to water along the shore,
so were compelled to go out on the ice.
At one time we were eight miles from
the beach. It was hard traveling that
day, as the ice was rough and we had
to go over considerable young ice.
We kept trying this ice all the way
with an ax to see if it was strong
enough to sustain our weight. We tried
this once too often and lost the ax, and
I was compelled to cut fuel with my2
snow knife for a while. We got around
the water after a long time, reaching
land just at dark and wei£ glad to
camp.
"We traveled on the edge of the ice
on October 31 and made good progress.
We made about twenty-five miles on
November 1. That night a heavy gale
came on from the northeast, together
with a snow storm, so did not break
camp the next day, but started early
on the 3d. and about 10 a. m. came to a
deserted Indian village.
The natives had no doubt gone off on
a deer hunt. I found an old ax in one
of the shacks which I appropriated,
leaving in its place a couple of boxes of
cartridges, which is the best legal ten
der in that section. We kept traveling
that day until. 5 p. m., when we again
struck open water and had to come
back for over three miles before we
could get back to the beach again,
where we camped.
On November 4, peeing open water,
we started to cross the mountains. We
made nearly fifteen miles that day, but
the next, working from early morning
until late at night, we only made a few
miles, and had to unload the sled sev
eral times and pack the load on our
backs.
On the 6th we saw that the ice floe
had drifted back to the shore, and we
worked our way down the mountain
toward the ice. In places found it
so steep we had to use a rope and
slacken the sled down. We even took
advantage of the head wind by putting
the sail up. so as to keep it back. If
the sled had got the start on us it
would have been dashed to pieces on
the rocks below and our trip would
have been a failure.
We were over eight hours in getting
onto the floe. The ice was very rough
and we did not make over five' miles,
although we traveled as long as we
could see.
Stayed in camp the next day, as the
natives were very tired and I was
afraid the dogs would give out. They
were getting somewhat footsore.
On the Bth we started again, the wind
blowing fresh from the northeast, and
getting stronger and stronger. We made
l' >r shore about sp. m. By this time
the wind had turned into a blizzard.
It was impossible to pitch our tent and
so made a snow house. It was the
first 1 had made and the natives knew
more about it than I did, but we start
ed a hole into the snowbank until we
could work on the inside and kept
on scooping the snow out and until it
was large enough to accommodate our
selves and our eight dogs. Although
the temperature must have been a way
below freezing we felt very comforta
ble and all had a good night's rest.
The wind died away and at 10 a. m.
we commenced our travels again. We
did not stop until nearly midnight.
Our stock of provisions was now
about exhausted. We reached a native
village Just back of Cape Lisburne and
bartered some cartridges, powder and
lead for a small seal, which furnished
the supper and breakfast for our-
Belves and dogs. The natives at this
point will have a hard time this win
ter, as the changeable winds have
in;:'!-- the i< ■• bo unsafe that they do
not dare venture out any distance on
It to shoot st-nl, which is about their
only means (if support.
On the morning of the 10th we
broke camp. We had no provisions
left.
We started over the mountains, trav
eling until late, when we pitched our
tent, suffering agonies from hunger.
The next mornis* we worked our way
toward the beach to see if we could get
a seal. The traveling that day was
about the worst we had yet encoun
tered, the ice being; full of hummocks
and jagg< d We even had to fill in
some places with ice so as to run the
Bled over. In other places we had to
unload the sled and pack our outfit for
h short distance around the rocks. We
must have unloaded the sled ten times
that day.
A little before dark we saw a seal
nnd shot him, but he drifted away
from us. We pitched camp, and I
took a chew of tobacco, tightened my
belt up and called it a square meal.
The next morning we found that all
our dogs had left us. After looking
around a little we saw their tracks on
the Ice floe, headed for Point Hope,
which I figured was about twenty-eight
miles from our camp. I slung the sack
of mall over my shoulders, and leaving
th< outfit we started after the dogs. It
being my intention If I did not find
THE MEETING WITH LIEUTENANT JARVIS AND DR. CALL OF THE BEAR.
ROUTE FOLLOWED BY TILTON.
them to keep on until I reached the
point. We had probably gone a mile
when we saw our dogs feasting on the
carcass of a whale which some whaler
had killed and skinned. My natives
were just as much delighted with this
find as my dogs, and they devoured a
large quantity of the putrid meat.
Hungry as I was this carcass was too
gamey for me.
After the Indians had eaten all they
wanted we took our dogs back to camp,
harnessed them, came back to the car
cass, cut off sufficient meat to last the
dogs several days and proceeded on our
trip.
A little distance from the whale we
came upon a flock of ducks.
I manage", by crawling over the ice
carefully, to get near enough to kill
three of them and my native killed
four, but we only succeeded in landing
one and had to fish a long time before
we secured this one. A fire was built,
the duck skinned and boiled in salt
water. I ate the entire duck.
We started again, but the road was
terrific, and we had to unload the sled
twice that afternoon. A heavy wind
came up about 4 p. m., with snow
squalls, but we kept on, traveling close
to the bank until it got so dark we
could not see. This was about 7 p. m.
It began clearing off, and the indica
tions all pointed to a pleasant night,
THE SAN FR Ay CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
but at midnight we were awakened by
our tent falling on us. We wriggled
out the best we could and got into our
skin clothing behind a snow bank. It
was the hardest blizzard we had yet
struck. We dug a hole in the snow
bank large enough to get our sleeping
bags stretched out, pulled some of the
dogs in and managed to keep warm the
balance of the night.
As Point Hope was only twenty
miles away from us, and as we had
nothing to eat, I slung the mail sack
over my shoulder, took my natives and
started for the point. The wind blew
in squalls and so heavy at times that
we had to lie down until it would sub
side somewhat, when we would march
on.
"We succeeded in reaching Point Hope
in about twelve hours, stopping at the
first house we came to, which we found
to be that of a Mr. Anderson, who is
engaged in shore whaling. He cooked
a meal for both the natives and my
self and gave us a change of skin
clothing.
I found that my natives had their
cheeks and ears frozen pretty badl^
and I had one toe and both ears
frozen.
The blizzard kept up without inter
mission for four days. When it abated
I hired a couple of natives to assist me
George F. Tilton, Third Mate oF the Belvedere.
in getting my sled and camp utensils,
also my dogs, to Point Hope. My two
natives were suffering too much from
frost bite and were too feeble to be of
any assistance.
I reached my old camp that after
noon, and found all the dogs except
ing one. We slept in the snow house
and started back to the point the next
morning. Found in packing that the
tent was blown to tatters, the ridge
pole broken and the stove badly smash
ed. I was obliged to ride all the way
in, as my frozen toe pained me intense
ly. On our road back we found the
body of the lost dog. It had been
blown off the bluff, falling on the ice
below, an almost perpendicular height
of fifty feet.
Mr. Brower had given me letters of
introduction to Captain Nelson, the su
perintendent of Leibes' Point Hope
whaling station, and I kept on to this
place, which is about three miles .south
of Anderson's.
As the natives I had from Point Bar
row would now leave me Captain Nel
son advised me to take Tickey and
Cannuanwar, man and wife. They were
both good runners and he assured me
they would prove faithful to me. My
tent was repaired, new skin clothing
and boots made for both the natives
and myself, a new stove and plenty of
provisions given me and Captain Nel
son got three good dogs for me from
the natives. I stayed with Captain Nel
son for nine days, aa my foot gave me
a great deal of trouble. I left finally
on the morning of the 29th of Novem
ber.
I traveled that day as far as Captain
Peter Bayne's station. He was very
kind to me and I stopped with him that
*ght, sending Tickey back for some
little things I had forgotten at Point
Hope.
The next morning I found that one
of my dogs had run away, so Captain
Bayne let me have one of his to re
place it. We made about twelve miles
that day, it bein* pretty hard travel
ing. We succeeded in getting around
Cape Thompson, but were* afraid the
dogs and sled would break through the
ice, as it was very soft and full of
holes.
On November 30 we broke camp at
5 a. m., the wind blowing from the
southeast and a wet, heavy snow beat
ing us in the face. The Indians and
dogs were soon almost exhausted.
On December 1 we got under way
early, but the ice was so full of ponds
and lagoons that we traveled in about
every point of the compass. About 2
o'clock that afternoon we reached a
small hillock and found it impossible
to either get ahead or go back, as we
were surrounded with water. There was
no fuel on this hillock and we were
compelled to stay there three days, liv
ing on canned meats and frozen fish
that had been purchased for dog food.
The water fell away so that we were
enabled to continue our trip on Decem
ber 5, making about fifteen miles, and
on the 6th we reached Charles Kling
berg's whaling station. We stayed at
his place all night. We left the station
on the Tth, arriving at Cape Blossom
on December 13. We made poor time.
The ice was soft and the temperatnre
too warm for the dogs to travel on. I
had nine dogs left when we reached
Cape Blossom.
Mr. and Mrs. Samms gave me a most
cordial welcome, and Mrs. Samms'com
panion, a Miss Hannahcult, ,waa also
very kind.' She was teaching school at
the cape. Mrs. Samms busied herself
in cooking a quantity of provisions for
us. During my stay at Mrs. Samms' I
procured a sled and several dogs from
the natives, and was now in a position
to carry more food for both ourselves
and our dogs. I also got enough fish
for the dcgs to last me to the Buck
land River.
We left on the 18th and had good
weather. Also made good time on the
19th. On the 20th we had -mother bliz
zard, and remained in camp all day.
We went about twenty miles on the
21st, and the next four days we aver
aged over twenty miles, reaching the
mouth of the Buckland River on
Christmas night.
There we camped and . had our
Christmas dinner, which consisted of
pork and beans, fried frozen fish,
fried bacon, fresh bread and' a tin ot
preserved California grapes. I had
coffee for my use, the Indians pre
ferring tea. I bartered that night
with some natives for more dog feed.
The next day we traveled up the
Buckland River, making- thirty miles,
and then traveled over the por
tage by compass in the direction which
I thought would bring me to Edgituck
River, leaving the Buckland at 3 a. m.
and reaching the Edgituck at 10 p. m.,
where we pitched our camp. My inten
tion on the 29th was to work along the
Egituck and make Norton Sound, but
found the snow very deep and the river
so crooked that we made direct across
the country, steering again by com
pass and crossing the Egituck four
times. "We reached Norton Sound that
night at 7 o'clock.
Soon after starting on the morning
of December 30 we ran across the
tracks of a dog which came from the
direction of Golivan Bay. We followed
these tracks for three days, traveling
as fast as we could and reached Una
laklik on the evening of January 1,
1898.
I was very warmly welcomed by Mr.
and Mrs. Karlson and Miss Johnson.
They have charge of the Swedish mis
sion. Mr. Karlson informed me that
he understood there was to be a mail
sent from St. Michael for the States
January 5, so of course was very
anxious to get there before it left.
We left the mission early the next
morning in a blinding snowstorm, Mr.
Karlson lending me a native to act as
runner and guide.
On the 3d we started early and had
traveled probably five miles when I
missed Tickey's wife. On making in
quiries as to her whereabouts I learned
that she left her pipe at the mission
and had gone back to get it.
I felt rather vexed about the matter,
but still did not lose any time. We
kept on the ice, although it was rather
rough, when we came to a headland
where we found water and so were
compelled to make our way over the
mountain.
After reaching the summit I looked
back to see if Tickey's wife was com
ing, when I saw two men running
toward me, waving their hats and
coats. I waited to see what they
wanted, my impression being that
some accident hud happened to Tickey's
wife.
The men reached me at last and
to my great surprise informed me
that Lieutenant Jarvis and Dr. Call
of the Bear had crossed on the moun
tains above me and requested me to
turn back to meet them.
I went back on foot and after walk-
Ing a couple of miles saw Lieutenant
Jarvis and Dr. Call walking toward me.
I walked back with the officers to get
a good camping place, so that we could
have a consultation relative to the
SEVEN SEAMEN
RESCUED FROM
THE NAVARCH
Two Refuse to Leave the Hull
and Are Adrift In Arctic
Waters
The fate of only two of the wrecked Navarch's crew is now in doubt.
Seven of the nine men who refused to leave the vessel when Captain
Whitesides and his wife and tl.eir six companions left the wrecked
whaler have been rescued. They are: Thomas Lord, fireman; T. Col
lins, M. Hurley, R. Bergman, J. Brem, O. Petersen, seamen; and cabin
boy F. Guttner. The two who remained by the vessel are Frank
Slater and John Hanna. When the whaler with these two men on
board was last seen it was drifting northwest from Point Barrow
into the unknown Arctic seas.
The Navarch was caught in the ice west of Point Barrow on July
29 last. On August 11 twenty-nine of the crew deserted the vessel to
make for the shore. For eleven days they wandered about on the ice,
and when help was found only sixteen of the twenty-nine were alive.
On August 14 Captain Whitesides and his wife and six of the crew left
the vessel, dragging a small canvas canoe with them. They succeeded
in reaching the shore, and three days later they were picked up by the
revenue cutter Bear. Nine of the vessel's crew refused to leave the
whaler, deeming it safer to remain on board than to risk the journey
over the ice. Whalers here were of the opinion that the fate c-f those
nine hardy sailors would forever remain in doubt. It was never ex
pected that they would ever be heard of again. Now it is known that
seven of them have been taken from the vessel, and only two remain
with the ice-nipped whaler on her journey with the currents toward
the unknown regions of the north pole. The ship is supplied with pro
visions and fuel, and should she withstand the ice it is not among the
impossibilities that the two men may solve the mysteries of the unex
plored regions of the Arctic and that they may yet be heard from.
PORTLAND, Or., April B.— George F. Tilton, the third officer of
the whaler Belvedere, who recently reached civilization after an across
country journey from the fleet icebound in the Arctic, brings the in
formation that seven of the nine men who refused to leave the wrecked
whaler Navarch have been rescued. Mr. Tilton is the bearer of the
following official report from Chaises D. Brower, manager of the Liebes
station at Point Barrow:
"The Navarch was caught in the ice on July 29, in the evening,
about two miles off shore and carried by the pack to the northwest.
On August 3 it was abandoned for the first time at 9 a. m., the crew
taking three boats, which were dragged for three days and then left
with everything except a little bread, of which each man carried his
share. It rained all the time. We were within three miles of water
when we turned back, and about eighteen miles from the ship which
bore west by south. We had traveled southeast all the time. We
reached the ship on the morning of the Bth, some stragglers being un
til afternoon getting in.
"The vessel was abandoned for the second time on August 11 off
Cape Smythe, where we reached the water edge at 9p. m. The Bear
was lying at anchor five miles off and did not see us, as It was get
ting dusky and the fog was setting in. We drifted past the William
Bailey and she did not see us. We drifted on the northeast of Point
Barrow. After abandoning the ship Captain Whitesides came two
thirds of the way and then turned back with the compass, and after
the fog shut in we had no way of returning to the ship.
"The second day from the ship the steward, Walter Whiting, died,
and on the fourth day Chief Engineer Sands went insane and could
not walk. The same day we also lost one fireman and four sailors,
whose names are unknown to me. On the 7th day we lost Mr. Scan
lan, second engineer, who got separated from us in the broken ice and
we could not get him; he was probably drowned. The same day we
lost the blacksmith, one Portuguese sailor and two other men. On
the eighth day we also lost another man named Jackson.
"On the evening of the eighth day from the ship, the 19th of Aug
ust, A\e came to the edge of the pack and all got on a small cake of
ice, wind northwest, and drifted In shore for three days. On the
morning of the 20th we lost the last man, who drifted away from us
on a small cake of ice, and we never saw him again.
"For eight days I had nothing to eat but* ice and boot soles. I was
picked up by the steamer Thresher at 4 p. m. on August 22, and was
taken to Point Barrow.
"The steamers Newport and Fearless reported a ship in the ice
twenty miles off shore October 2. and supposed her to be the Navarch.
On October 6 Mr. Gordon and some natives started out to her and suc
ceeded in reaching her, where he found the nine men who had stayed
in the ship all right. He succeeded in getting seven of them ashore
and the other two would not leave. While Mr. Gordon was out for
the men the wind came southwest and the ice broke between them
and shore, and they had a job getting ashore.
"The Navarch was last seen drifting northwest in the pack and is
now out of sight. The two men who are left in the ship are Frank
Slater and a seaman, who was cook in the Karluk at Herschel Island
when she wintered there. The seaman's name is unknown."
whalers and their condition.
After walking a couple of miles we
found a suitable spot for the camp, Dr.
Call getting the dinner ready and Lieu
tenant Jarvis and myself conversing.
It was a very fortunate thing for me
that Mrs. Tickey lost her pipe, as I
should not have met these officers but
for that circumstance.
Lieutenant Jarvis recognized the wo
man, while she was running back to
rejoin us after finding her pipe, and
stopped her, asking what she was do
ing in this part of the country. He
knew she was from Point Hope. She
managed to make him understand that
she had come down with a white man
from the whalers.and Jarvis dispatched
his runners after me.
Jarvis gave me several letters of in
troduction and one especially to Col
onel G. M. Randall, commanding at
Fort St. Michael, and advised me that
from now on I put myself in the hands
of the Government until I reached S?n
Francisco. He also said that I would
in all probability be the mail carrier,
and for me not to hurry, as both my
natives and my dogs were tired.
We then parted, he to go to the
bleak, dark and frozen north and I to
go to the land of sunshine and flowers.
We remained in camp all that day.
We traveled easily the next three days,
reaching Fort St. Michael on the even
ing of the 6th. I presented my cre
dentials to Colonel Randall.
I had expected to leave St. Michael on
January 10, but Cannuanwar caught a
severe dose of the grip, which, I un
derstand, is very prevalent in that re
gion this winter, and so was delayed
until she had sufficiently recovered- for
her to continue the journey.
St. Michael is a good place for the
workingmen and mechanics this win
ter.. The North American Trading
Company is building a new wharf and
new warehouses and putting the finish
ing touches on a new hotel that would
accommodate 200 guests. It is also put
tins In a new training wall so as to
have more wharf room. The Alaska
Commercial Company is busy building
Continued on Twelfth Page.
ADVERTISEMENTS. V
I Am the Mother
Of ; four healthy children, and I thinh
more of haying. a bottle of Hood's Sar-
saparilla in the house than of a five'dol-
lar bill. ' When I get tired and worn
out, ; a . short course of ' Hood's Sarsa-
parilla braces me up for my work, v and
makes . me ; feel like a new woman. ; J
began to take this medicine one ■ time
when scrofula bunches came on "the
left side of my neck and face, ■ contin-
ually j growing ' larger, and I became
weak, nervous and irritable. On the
recommendation of my druggist, I be-
gan to take ; Hood's Sarsaparilla.' The
bunches soon disappeared, and ; my'
complexion became fresh and clear. As
a blood purifier and : health - restorer
there is nothing like Hood's; MRS J
ALLEN, Malta, N. Y.
Hood's Sarsapapilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. |i; six for $5.
Hrnrv/lV DJl1« are the best after-din-
floods rills ?i ce o n; pllls: *« ***••NOTHING NOW CAN AVERT WAR.
MUST NOW
QUIT CUBA
OR FIGHT
Just One Course by Which
Spain Can Avoid a
Conflict.
Only the Improbable and Unex=
pected Before Next Monday
Can Avert the Approach
ing Hostilities.
NEW YORK. April B.— The
Herald's Washington corre
ent telegraphs: Only the
improbable and unexpected be
tween now and Monday can
avert war. This is the unani
mous conclusion of the President
and his official advisers as a re
sult of to day's Cabinet meeting.
during which all phases of the
Cu!>an question were discussed
-very conceivable stand
point.
I have talked with nearly all the mem
ber« of the Cabinet, with most of the
gressional callers at the White
House to-day, and with members of the
diplomatic corps. Not one of these can
see a peaceful outcome. In summing
up the situation to-night I prefer to
use the words of one of the most ex
perienced diplomats at Washington,
who. in order that he may keep his
country advised of the true situation.
makes it his business to be in close
touch with all the authorises here and
with all international events. He is one
of the keenest observers in the diplo
matic corps and broad and liberal in
his views. This is his verdict after re
viewing even' phase of the subject and
all of the developments of the week in
Washington, Madrid and Havana:
"There seems to be no escape from
war.
' C> tie tt Monday night the telegraph
wires and cables will be flashing mes
signed by General Miles moving
troops to points of concentration al
ready agreed upon ; others signed by the
Secretary of the Navy dispatching war
vessels in all parts of the wo/ld to
Points of vantage for the purpose of
getting ready for the inevitable.
"Your Congress by that time will
have acted upon the President's recom
mendation for imn: 'iate intervention.
There are signs now ot a difference
between certain factions in Congress
and the President regarding the ques
tion of the recognition of the indepen
dence of Cuba. All of this will disap
pear when the President's message is
made public.
"Members of the Foreign Relations
committees are already familiar with the
President's recommendations, and a
resolution embodying his views will be
agreed upon by the two committees
even before the message has been re
ceived. They will be reported imme
diately, and the probabilities are that
they will be passed the same day. At
any rate I venture to predict that there
will not be twenty-four hours' delay in
final action by Congress after the Presi
dent has submitted his message. There
are differences now, but they will be
eliminated, and all branches of the Gov
ernment will present a united front on
the one great question — the ending of
Spanish misrule in Cuba.
"In my opinion it is no longer a
question, 'Will there be warP It is a
question as to how long it will last.
"The action of the President and
Congress will not be a formal declara
tion of war. It will be a declaration for
armed intervention, which, when put
into effect, means war. Naval officers
predict that it will be all over in two
weeks. It is idle to prognosticate on
this point. After it begins no living
being can tell what will happen. In
studying the international aspect of the
situation I cannot see that it is possible
for Spain to withdraw her troops and
flag from Cuba until forced to do so.
"There is a feeling that the six
powers, which combined for the pur
pose of soliciting the reopening of
negotiations between Spain and the
United States, now that they have
not met with any encouragement
from this side, will force Spain to
yield, and that after all there may
be a peaceful solution. But Spain
has not yet shown any signs of
yielding. On the contrary, every
thing looks as dark and gloomy on
the other side as it does here.
"Spain will make a good stroke in
diplomacy by publicly announcing her
determination to accept the offices of
the powers in the interest of peace and
to proclaim in favor of an armistice,
agreeing to a plebiscite to determine the
future government of the island, pro
vided that the United States will agree
to withdraw her vessels from Key West
at the same time she is withdrawing her
troups. This would place her in a
good position in the eyes of the nations
of the world, as it would be equivalent
to yielding to the powers every point
which the President will make in his
message as reasons for intervention
force and to end the war.
"According to the President's posi
tion, as is now well known, the sole ob
: ject of the United States is to Out an
end to the horrible conditions in Cuba.
| to re-establish peace and order and to
j recognize any stable form of govern
■ ment when organized. In short, his
| plan is to stop the war and maintain
1 order until the people of the island can
: decide for themselves what form of gov
ernment they want. By taking the po
sition indicated in the note to the
powers, or by formal proclamation.
Spain would show that she was ready
; to do herself just what the United States
jis attempting to force her to do. But
', Spain has not up to this time shown
that she would make any concessions
which by any possibility would mean
the hauling down of her flag even at a
remote date.
"Assuming that she would go that far.
it would not be satisfactory to the
United States, as under no circum
stances would the President consent to
a withdrawal of warships, nor would
public sentiment in this country permit
him to enter into any new negotiations
which did not mean immediate inde
pendence and satisfactory reparation for
the Maine disaster.
"Hence, any way you look at it, I
do not see how diplomacy can avert
the forcible intervention which the
President has definitely determined
upon."
President McKinley received few
callers outside of members of his Cabi
net to-day. Senators, .Representatives
and office-seekers seemed to realize that
the President wanted this day for rest
and relaxation.
Senator Lodge of Massachusetts
; called and had a long consultation
with the President. When he left
the White House he informed me
that the President's mind is fully
; made up to send his message to Con
i gress next Monday.
"Nothing short of a complete with
drawal of the Spanish forces from the
island of Cuba will satisfy the American
people," said Senator Lodge, "and the
President fully realizes that fact. There
is no disposition on his part to further
delay this matter, and it will be a great
relief to him and also to the country
when the subject is finally presented to
Congress on Monday."
The time has passed for the "peace
at-any-price" party to have any effect on
the President. He has passed beyond
the realm of indecision and procrastina
tion, and has been carried along by the
tide of popular sentiment aroused by
the destruction of the Maine until he is
far beyond the reach of domestic or for
eign peace commissioners. As one of
his closest advisers remarked to-day.
"The President could not retrace his
steps if he would, and would not take
a backward step if he could. Having
fully made up his mind to face the in
evitable, he calmly but confidently
awaits the crisis which must come with
the delivery of his message to Con
gress."
Brief and uneventful was the Cabinet
meeting. During the hour and a half
the President and his advisers sat
around the table the situation as above
indicated was freely commented upon.
There is no longer any division of
opinion among Cabinet officers as to the
inevitable result. Talks with the Presi
dent's official family show that they re
alize that the President has exhausted
everything that honorable diplomacy
might suggest to bring about a peaceful
solution of the difficulty.
It is the unanimous verdict of the
1 Cabinet that Spain must relinquish
j her claim to Cuba or suffer the con
i sequences of war.
It is said by a member of the Cabinet
that no official information has been re
ceived from Madrid to-day, and the
only foreign dispatch presented to the
Cabinet was a message from Consul-
General Lee at Havana stating that he
would be prepared to take his departure
for Key West to-morrow. He also
stated in his dispatch that he had made
provision for all American citizens to
leave Cuba.
After the Cabinet left the White
House Lieutenant-General Schofield.
retired, called and had a lengthy inter
view with the President. He again as
sured the President of his willingness
to be assigned to active duty in any ca
pacity the President might see fit to
suggest.
Senator Spooner of Wisconsin called
by special appointment to discuss points
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
AMERICANS FLEE FROM THE
ISLAND OF PORTO RICO
United States Consul Hanna and Members of the
Colony Seek Safety at St. Thomas After
Spending a Night on a British Ship.
ST. THOMAS, April 8. — So serious has the situation become in San Juan de Porto Rico that
the United States Consul there, P. C. Hanna, has been ordered to this island, where the rule
of Denmark will insure his safety. Fearing an outbreak against foreigners, and particularly
against Americans, Consul Hanna and all members of the American colony spent the night on
board the British steamer Virginius. They did not dare to remain in their homes, not knowing
what direction the fury of the inflamed populace might take.
Military rule, which always prevails in Porto Rico, has now become most stringent. The
Censor will not pass any news, and I am forced to use special boats to this island to file my dis
patches of March 30, in which I stated that all but two of the Autonomist Cabinet had resigned
and the people have become more turbulent. Even with the greatest efforts the police and
troops have not been able to prevent bloodshed. Weylerism is blamed for the failure of au
tonomy and the troubles following. The elections are known to have been falsified, the military
forces taking possession of polling booths to insure the success of their candidates. The indig
nation of the people at what the Government forcibly imposed on them is beyond bounds.
The number of persons in prisons throughout the island has been increased fifty percent.
There have been riots and bloodshed in the principal towns, Ponce, Aquadilla, Cayey and
Vegabayor. The arrival of the torpeJo fleet from Spain, it is believed, would cause an upris
ing against both Americans and British if they had not all gotten safely away from the island
before that time.
TORPEDO FLEET
READY FOR SEA.
ST. VINCENT, Cape Verde Is
lands, April B.— The Spanish tor
pedo fleet is making hurried
preparations for sea. Each one
of the torpedo-boats and destroy
ers has been coaled to its full
capacity. The torpedo-boats car
ry from eighteen to twenty-five
tons and the destroyers 100 tons
each.
Six hundred and ten tons of
coal was to-day placed on board
the flotilla and Its convoy, the
Ciudad de Cadiz. The crews are
in good condition and are very
enthusiastic. In addition to what
is carried in the bunkers, coal
Is stored In bags, and securely
lashed in such deck and hold
spaces as each ship affords.
Senor Vlllamil, commandant of
the fleet, is momentarily expect
ing orders from Madrid.
of international law bearing upon the
situation. It was shown that the posi
tion taken by the President to insist
that Spanish misrule in Cuba must
cease was impregnable from a legal and
patriotic standpoint, and any further
overtures for a peaceful settlement of
the difficulty must come from Spain.
After leaving the White House Senator
Spooner said:
"I see but one chance for an adjust
ment of this controversy on a peaceful
basis, and that is for the Queen-Regent
to take the responsibility for relinquish
ing the Spanish control of Cuba. In
my judgment, if the Queen Regent is
guaranteed the support of the foreign
powers in maintaining her dynasty she
may see her way clear to disregard the
war sentiment of her own subjects in the
interests of peace instead of having re
course to law. which may not only re
sult in the loss of Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippine Islands, but in the ulti
mate downfall of the Spanish crown.
"Of course her action will have to be
sanctioned by the Cortes, but with the
guaranteed support of the powers of
Europe in maintaining her dynasty she
can afford to take the responsibility of
anticipating the action of the Cortes by
a provisional understanding with the
powers. It is fair to assume that such
action as she might take to preserve the
crown which she holds in trust for her
son, young Alfonso, would under the
circumstances be indorsed by the
Cortes. After having studied the situa
tion with great deliberation, I am frank
to confess I sec no other way of avoid
ing hostilities. The President has taken
a position "which meets the approval
of the American people, and he can
not — and in my judgment will not — re
cede from it."
Notwithstanding the mental and phy
sical strain through which the President
has passed, he looked the picture of per
fect health. He has good color, his step
is firm and he smiled pleasantly and
saluted acquaintances, V/ho raised their
hats as he started for a drive with Vice-
President Hobart this afternoon.
ANCHORED IN POTOMAC
BELOW WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April B.— The Italian
cruiser Amerigo Vespucci is anchored
in the Potomac, a few miles down th«
river below Washington. She 1b a ca
det school ship, and is understood to
be on a practice cruise. She draw*
about 1" feet of water.
There was considerable gossip in na
visit of this foreign vessel to this city
unconfirmed gossip that the presence
of the vessel at this time was for the
purpose of using her as an asylum for
the Spanish Minister and his staff in
case it was found impracticable for
them to leave the country by the or
dinary means of travel.
Senor Polo, the Spanish Minister,
when his attention was called to the
rumor that the Vespucci might be here
to take him away from the country,
characterized it as absurd and without
basis of fact.
Big Guns Along the Columbia.
ASTORIA, Or., April B.— The new 10
inch disappearing guns at Fort Stevens
were placed in position to-day. Work
will be rushed at Scarborough Head on
the Washington shore of the Columbia
River, and when the guns there are in
position the defenses at the Columbia'^
mouth will be practically complete.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
SECRET OF THE
DE LOME LETTER
Representatives of the
Cuban Junta Given
Secret History.
Quesada Tells of the Status
of the Little Island
Republic.
The Deputy Treasurer Also Gives
Information as to Bonds and the
Securing of the De Lome Letter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rises House,
( Washington, April 8.
The Foreign Affairs Committee of the
House met at 11 o'clock this morning
and continued the examination of Mr.
Quesada, the representative of the Cu
ban republic in this city. President
Palma of the Cuban Junta was
also present. Mr. Quesada continued
his statement as to the status of the
of the republic.
Some very interesting facts came out
to-day. The deputy treasurer of the
Cuban republic appeared with his
books, and they were inspected by the
committee. He explained that of the
$10,000,000 of bonds authorized only
$122,000 had been actually disposed of.
Some of these were In payment for
provisions sent to Cuba.
For some of the bonds par had
been obtained. These were taken main
ly by the friends of Cuba. The lowest
price at which any were sold was 25
cents on the dollar.. A batch of $20,000
was sold for $5000 in a pressing emer
gency. One million of the bonds, he
said, were locked up in the safe of Bel
mont & Co. of New York, to be sold
when the fixed price, 45 cents on the
dollar, had been obtained. Three mil
lions of the remainder had been signed,
but were locked up in the treasurer's
vaults.
The deputy treasurer was asked if he
knew the story of the publication of the
De Lome letter, and, without names,
he gave the first authentic statement
of how it was obtained.
He explained that it was abstracted
by a clerk in the Postofnce in Havana,
who was in sympathy with the Cuban
cause, and sent back to New
York. There its importance was at
once realized, and it was given out for
publication, the action being Justified
because it showed conclusively what
the Cubans always contended, that
Spain was guilty of double-dealing.
Mr. Quesada then continued his
statement about the status of the Cu
ban Government. He went extensively
into the authority exercised by it over
the eastern provinces, where, he said,
all was comparatively peaceful. In
dustry was going on, war taxes were
being collected and all the functions
of government were being discharged.
With regard to the capability of self
government of the Cubans, he said that
they were a much higher class of peo
ple than those who had successfully
revolted from Spanish domination in
South America.
TORPEDO BOAT
ROWAN LAUNCHED.
First War Vessel Built in the State of
Washington Leaves the Ways
at Seattle.
SEATTLE, April B.— The United
States torpedo-boat Rowan, the first
war vessel built in the State of Wash
ington, was successfully launched this
afternoon. She was christened by
Mrs. p]dward Moale. wife of Lieutenant
Edward Moale. U. S. N. It is expected
to have the Rowan ready for service
j within two weeks' time.
The Rowan is 170 feet long and 17
feet wide. Her normal draught is 5
j feet 6 inches. She is a twin screw, and
! has two triple expansion engines. Her
I combined indicated horsepower is 3300.
; Her contract speed is twenty-six knots
i per hour.
Uncle Sam Needs the Money.
NEW YORK, April B.— The New York
banks Avhich acted as depositories for
the Union Pacific purchase money for
the Government received word from
the Treasury Department to-day that
the balance of the Union Pacific
moneys now in keeping of these
banks would have to be paid in with
the least possible delay. The original
amount was $52,000,000, and the balance
due to the Government amounts to
about $12,000,000.
FLYING SQUADRON
READY TO MOVE.
OLD POINT COMFORT, Va.,
April B.— Orders have been given
by Commodore Schley to the
commanders of the ships of the
flying squadron to be in readiness
to get under way on Monday
night. As matters now stand
the squadron officers expect to
move toward the scenes of ac
tion not later than Tuesday
morning.
This expectation is based on
the latest orders from Washing
ton, which are designed to antic
ipate action by Congress
following closely on the trans
mission of President McKinley's
message on Monday.
SPIES ARE
NOW WORKING
Men in the Pay of Spain
Are Seeking Infor
mation.
Two Foreigners Observed
Making Sketches at the
Bath Iron Works.
Information Is Also Being Collected
in Reference to Ships and
Forts on the Coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April B.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald says:
Spanish spies ar sharply watching the
developments of the American navy,
besides keeping an inquisitive eye on
the work of fortifying the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts. Two foreigners re
sembling Spaniards were observed yes
terday afternoon in the yard of the
Bath Iron Works making sketches of
the uncompleted torpedo boats T. A. M.
Craven and Dahlgren, which are under
construction there.
Information respecting the action of
the foreigners was received at the
Navy Department to-day in a dispatch
from Naval Constructor J. F. Hans
corn, who is superintendent of con
struction of these boats. Mr. Hanscom
stated that the men acted very sus
piciously. Unfortunately the sketches
were completed and the men had left
the yard before the matter was called
to the constructor's attention. Hans
com informed the department that the
Bath Iron Works had promised to ex
clude all suspicious characters in the
future.
The authorities have no doubt that
Spanish representatives are at work on
the coasts of the United States collect
ing information and forwarding it to
their Government. The report reached
Washington some days ago that Col
onel R. T. Frank, commanding the gar
rison at Fort Monroe t had caught a
man endeavorine: to secure informa
tion, but as there was no law allowing
his apprehension in time of peace he
was compelled to turn him loose. Be
ginning with next week there is rea
son to believe the authorities will de
cline to make public any information
respecting the destination of vessels,
even their departure from a port at
which they may have been stationed.
BRAZIL SELLS US
ONE MORE WARSHIP.
The Nictheroy Said to Have Passed
Into Possession of the United
States Government.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Aoril B.— l am in
formed by the Herald's correspondent
at Rio Janeiro, Brazil, that the news
papers there announce that the Gov
ernment has sold the cruiser Nicthe
roy to the United States. It Is stated
that the price paid for this warship
was $550,000. '
Urges Young Men to Enlist.
CARSON, Nev., April B.— The ad
jutant-general of Nevada has issued a
card urging the young men of Nevada
to join the militia to place it on a war
footing. In the event of war between
the United States and Spain the cap
tains of the various companies will sus
pend certain regulations as to qualifi
cations for membership so that the
companies may Increase their numbers.
SPAIN IS
SHOWING
WEAKNESS
She Is Reported to Be Now
Willing to Grant an
Armistice.
Nothing Short of an Abandon*
ment of Cuba by Spain
Will Satisfy the ♦
President
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Ben
nett.
11ADRID, April 8. — Last
night, after a Cabinet Council
in which the important decis
ion was arrived at to accept
the advice of the Pope, a Min
ister who had been present
said he thought we are nearer
peace than we have ever been
since the troubles began.
Early this morning Minis
ter Woodford, who was in a
hopeful mood such as has not
been his for some time, said
to a friend that everything
seems to be going the right
way for peace.
Both press and public sen
timent have changed from the
pessimism of yesterday to
eager optimism and the peo
ple seize at the idea that peace
may be maintained by the
dual efforts of the Pope and
the powers.
NEW YORK, April B.— The Wash- j
ington correspondent of the Herald ;
telegraphs: Spain has indicated her I
desire not to engage in war with the i
United States by agreeing, it is un- |
derstood, to the armistice suggested j
by the Pope and advocated by France, ;
Italy and Austria.
This information was officially re
ceived here to-night. It is the ex
pectation that the Queen Regent will
issue a decree to-morrow formally
proclaiming that an armistice has
been granted. It will then be nec
essary for the representatives of
Spain to confer with General Gomez,
Commander-in-Chief of the Cuban
insurgents, to learn whether he is
willing to accept the armistice. It is
said that the Pope will extend his in
fluence to the Cubans, with a view
to getting them to accept the armis
tice offered by Spain.
Regarding the proposed action of
the Spanish Cabinet, a diplomat thor
oughly informed as to the negotia
tions leading up to the armistice,
said to me to-night: "I think you
will find to-morrow that the action of
the Spanish Ministry was due to the
withdrawal by Minister Woodford of
the offensive note he sent to the Sa
gasta Ministry yesterday. This note
stated that he had been waiting for
an answer to his representations, and
that he would like to receive a reply
before midnight of last night. This
was an ultimatum.
"At the time it was received the
Spanish Cabinet was considering the
proposition regarding the proclama
tion of an armistice. The first propo
sition of the Pope which was made
to Spain and to the United States
suggested that Spain issue an armis-
tice on the consideration that the
American fleet be withdrawn from
Key West.
'•The American Government would
not consent to this action and the
Pope, supported by France. Austria
and Italy, then urged the Queen Be
gent and the Sagasta Ministry to
grant an armistice without any such
concession from the United States.
The Cabinet was considering the
proposition yesterday and would
have acted upon it favorably at the
time had not Minister Woodford
written his unfortunate note. Dur
ing the day the representatives of
the Vatican, the French Ambassador
and the representatives of the other
powers have been negotiating with
the Cabinet and with Minister Wood
ford, and, as I have said, I will not
ADVERTISEMENTS. i
9 Pronounced hf B
all expert Judges
to be the bestir IS
Mall X «IWer P »i«r Mrlpi from 5 cent cut« of Boot J * c (^ ce ' > U) ( ." loactolTrI o a ctolTr * > . jigS.'S?
and roccite in return a haadtome aluminum pocVet tobacco caae. V (Glw#^|
JOHN FINZKB A BROS., Loul»TllIe, Ky. jßfis*l
be surprised to learn that the armis
tice is the result.
"Spain, having given this conces
sion in the interest of peace, her ac
tion will mean that the whole ques
tion will return to the diplomatic
phase, provided President McKinley
is willing to so allow it. It is un
fortunate that the armistice was not
granted with the representation of
the powers yesterday, for the two
coming together would undoubtedly
| have had a greater effect from the
j peace standpoint than they will have
j coming thirty hours apart.
"To my mind the negotiations,
which I hope will be resumed by the
formal transmission of the an-
nouncement of the issuance of the
armistice to Minister Woodford by
Senor Gullon, will then deal with the
charter of (government to be given
to Cuba, so that the peace and order
which President McKinley yesterday
informed the powers be desired
should prevail in Cuba can bo re
stored as soon as possible.
"Following the granting of the
armistice, the reconcentrados will un
doubtedly be released and the United
States, to insure their safety and to
aid in the restoration of order in the
island, should withdraw its moral
support from the insurgents and
show them that it has no intention
of intervening. It is recognized that
the attitude of the United States is
the one hope of the Cubans, and
should its attitude change, then their
hope is gone."
Whether the proposed armistice
j will be satisfactory to the President
j and his advisers is another matter.
| Much depends upon the details of
■ the Queen's decree. It is a matter
| that will have to be considered by the
! President and his Cabinet when all
I the facts are known.
From the way the authorities talked
to-day nothing short of a complete
compliance with the President's de
mands for independence for the peo
ple of Cuba from the Spanish do
minion would prevent President Mc-
Kinley sending his message to Congress
on Monday.
It is understood here that the
proposition does not contemplate the
removal of the Spanish flag, but the
granting of autonomy to Cuba such
as is enjoyed by Australia or Canada.
It is expected that the powers,
which, through their representatives
in Madrid, made a presentation to
Spain similar to that made to the
President, will bring influence to
bear upon the administration to ac
cept the armistice proposition by
Spain, or at least to reopen negotia
tions having as their object some
agreement.
SPEAKER REED
IN FAVOR OF PEACE.
Sends a Letter to the Massachusetts
Beform Club in Which He Op
poses Intervention in Cuba.
BOSTON, Mass., April B.— At a meet-
Ing of the Massachusetts Reform Club
this evening a letter was read from
Speaker Reed, in which Mr. Reed stat
ed that he was not in favor of the an
nexation of Hawaii, and was also op
posed to the intervention of the United
States In Cuba. The Speaker wrote
that he was for peace and would do all
in his power to have a full and free
discussion in Congress before action
was taken by the House of Represent
atives looking toward war. Mr. Reed
£xpressed the strongest hope that the
whole question now before the Presi
dent and Congress might be settled by
peaceful means. He wrote that he
thought war would be avoided.
34
RESOLUTIONS TO
BE REPORTED
TO BOTH HOUSES
Congress Will Not Make Any
Delay in the Cuban Busi
ness After the Mes
sage Comes In.
NEW YORK, April S.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
There are Indications that the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs are coming to an under
standing which will result In identical resolutions being reported to
the two houses of Congress when the President's message has been re
ferred to these committees.
The present understanding is that the reference of the message
will be merely formal. The two committees will meet on Monday
morning, and it is expected they will have their resolutions ready to
report to their respective houses as soon as the message has been re
ceived. No agreement has yet been reached by each committee as to
the exact text of the resolution to be reported, but it is understood
that the joint resolution introduced in the Senate on March =89 by
Senator Frye will be made the basis of the final text.
There. will be incorporated in its preamble a strong reference to the
destruction of the Maine and the slaughter of her officers and men. The
resolution itself will be somewhat strengthened in some places. It can
be definitely stated that there will be no direct* recognition of the
present so-called Republic of Cuba, though there will be an emphatic
declaration of the independence of the people of Cuba from the Span
ish Government.
The present indications are that the provision for forcible inter
vention to secure the withdrawal of the Spanish forces from Cuba will
l><- made somewhat Btronger than In the Prye resolution. The sub
stance of the resolution will be the declaration of the independence of
the Cuban people and the provision for the use of the land and naval
forces Of the United States to compel Spain to evacuate the island.
There is 1.-ss danger of a prolonged debate in each house of Con
greey than there seemed to be some days ago. Should the resolution
be reported according to the present programme, immediately after
the reading of the message, it is probable that it will be adopted in
the House before adjournment on Monday. Action in the Senate is
not expected to be BO speedy, but the leading mongers of the Com
■ Relations now believe that there will be no serious
attempt to talk, for the mere sake frt delay.
The failure to recognise directly the so-called Republic of Cuba
will provoke considerable opposition In both houses, and an attempt
will doubtless be made to amend the resolution in this respect, though
it is not believed that the advocate of recognition in the Senate will
go s.> :ar as tii embark on the campaign for delay.
The announcement that a Strong Spanish squadron consisting of
battle-Ships, ar:r.or:>d cruisers and the second torpedo fleet has started
from Cadis for this side of the Atlantic will tend to expedite the ac
ts. No considerable number of men in each house will
be willing to take the responsibility for delay when it is realized that
every hour spent in taik enables Spain to get her naval forces in a
better position for the coming struggle.
There is not now believed to be any danger of division among the
Republicans when the time comes to act on the recommendations of
the President. The men in the House who have been considering
breaking away from the restraint of the Speaker and voting with the
Detnoci m try to secure action, now generally believe that
they will not be asked to wait longer than Monday. The committee
of nine appointed at their last conference to consider what course
Should be i let to-day and talked over the situation. It was
agreed that there *ras nothing to be done between now ar.d Monday
c when the committee will hold another meeting to determine
what is to be done. Should anything occcur to lead the President to
A) iy his l eyond Monday there is grave danger of an out
. 'n the Republican side of the House.
RUSH TO GET
OUT OF HAVANA
Agents of Steamship Lines
Besieged by Appli
cants.
Majority of Americans Will
Lose No Time in Leaving
the Cuban Capital.
Spnninnis Resent the Insinuation
Hurt th? Lives of Any Are
In D«njer.
CcrJTißhtM. M. 03 Jair.es Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. Aprii S— lt was impossible
to obtain an interview with General
Blanco or Dr. C Bfl ri the reply sent
n> me being that matters of extreme
rtance demanded their whole at
tention. 1 was to id that denerai Blanco
would sev no one to-day except his ad
visers
There is nothing, however, to indicate
danjcer of any disturbance. Every one
resents the imputation that the lives !
of Ainerieans ire in dancer. La Lueha, ?
In mi editorial under the caption of j
"The Sensational American Press and I
General Loe," says that no credence i
can be placed la the sensational papers, !
and that the story is particularly ab- •
sunS that General Lee has reported to I
President McKinley that the destruc- i
tion of Americans in Havana is prob- j
nb'.e Many think that Lee is Spain's [
enemy, but he is hones; and goes about j
the city fearlessly and unmolested, so {
it is impossible that he is the author of i
the silly report.
"On the other hand," the paper con
• tinues, "those who think that he is re
sponsible for the present critical con
dition make a great mistake. He has
always acted as an American represen
tative and. has served his Government
faithfully. If a rupture between Spain
and the United States occurs Leemight
remain here in perfect safety. Many
Americans, regardless of the notifica
OFFER MADE FOR
SPRECKELS' TUGS
The work of preparing th-» country for any emergency which may
arise out of the Spanish difficulties has not been neglected on this
coast.; From all parts at the Atlantic seaboard reports have reached here
of the activity of the Government in buying up. or getting an option on
Teasels of all descriptions, but little has been heard of the preparation
for the defense •' the Pacific Coast. Naval officers in the employ of
the Government have been •working quietly, however, and have In
spected many vessels with a view of purchasing them outright, or at
least securing an option on them In case of difficulties, . and the re-,
salt of this has been gratifying in the extreme. Owners of vessels have
been ready and willing at all times to make the most reasonable of
fers, and Uncle Sam's agents are more than pleased with ; the • display
.of patriotism and willing self-sacrifice of shippers in the far West.
Yesterday two of these gentlemen called on Mr. John D. Spreckels
and asked for an option on the tugs Fearless, Vigilant and Alert, three
of the largest and best equipped boats in his fi*t. Mr. Spreckels at
one* Informed them that at the  present time the vessels were neither
for sale nor would he give an option on them, but in case the Gov
ernment at any time was in need of the boats they were at its dis
posal at a moct reasonable price.
tlon of the Consulate, will remain,
being: sure of their safety in Havana."
This has been a day of religious, civil
anil military celebration. Havana has
always made Good Friday a day of
days, and this year enough military
coloring was given to make the day one
to be long remembered. The proces
sion from and to the cathedral was
marred somewhat by cold rain, but
still thousands participated, about fif
teen hundred troops being in line.
Those in the United States who have
accepted the story that all of Spain's
soldiers belong to the awkward squad
should reform their views. I saw to
day as Una a body of men, on foot or
mounted, as ever passed in review.
They were the pick of the volunteers
to be sure, but they were so well train
ed that they would compare favorably
with New York's proud Seventh. These
men have all been under fire, and will
give a good report of themselves
against any enemy. It should be added
here that while the volunteers have
given the lie to those who have de
clared them to be lawless and blood
thirsty, they are worked up to a pat
riotic fever, which will be hard to re
strain when war becomes a tact.
The inevitable rush to get out of Ha
vana has now become a panic. The
; agents of the Plant Line steamships
have been besieged to-day, and the Ol
ivette could carry twice its legal pas
senger list if it had accommodations.
It will leave Havana at 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon, with between 300
! and 400 passengers. ; The Baehe will
; take out about forty passengers, hay
! ing accommodations for only four. The,
[ merchant vessel Evelyn will also leave
| to-morrow for Key West with about 150
passengers.
The Chief of Police. Col. Paglieri. and
several chiefs and officers of artillery
and engineers, with an escort, paid an
< inspection visit to the military line at
•La Vibora. a suburb of Havana. This
i line was fortified by Colonel Paglieri
j last year, and was Intended to check
! any land invasion. General Arolas in
; tends to reinforce the line, clean the
I ditches, repair barbed wire fences and
i garrison the forts.
Much excitement ' was caused this
• morning when a big curl of smoke
, came from Morro Castle, and a moment
i later the report of a big gun was heard
i The report went out that a .shot had
I been fired to stop an outgoing vessel,
\ but it soon became known that the shot
'•was merely a test of the latest big gun
i put In. '- ■ . ;:-
A PATRIOT FOR OFFICE.
President McKinley said to a persist
ent -"oker the ether day: "a man
who feels that he cannot wait for a post
office appointment at a time like this
does not deserve the place and will not
sret it." The fact that any man could be
persistent in hounding the President just
now. would not only be a pretty safe in
dication that he is not nt to set any
office. b*t it is also a painful illustration
of the virulency of the oSiceseekins
microbe-— Su Paul Pioneer Press,
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
REPORTED BLOWING
UP OF THE FERN
IN HAVANA HARBOR
But the State and Navy Departments
Have Not Received Information of the
Alleged Disaster.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The Herald's Washington special says: There are rumors in circulation here
this morning that the United States lighthouse tender Fern has been blown up at Havana, I have been
unable to verify these rumors. The Fern waa to remain in Havana for the purpose of bringing away Con
sul-General Lee.
Neither the officials of the Navy Department nor the State Department had heard any news of such a
disnster.
At 2 a. m. Secretary Long told me that he had heard nothing about the blowing up of the Fern, and
said that if such a thing had occurred he probably would have heard of it.
The officers of the Fern are Lieutenant-Commander William S. Cowles. Lieutenant Frank E. Sawyer
and Ensigns Wilfred V. Powelson and Charles S. Bookwalter. The Fern is a wooden transport steamer of
S4O tons displacement. She was assigned by the Navy Department in April, 1596, to the North Atlantic
squadron for use as a supply ship. Prior to this time the Fern had b-*en used as a lighthouse tender.
There was a lire on the Fern on the night of March 6. 1895, when she was on her way to Boston from
the League Island navy-yard. Flames were discovered in the cabin directly over the magazine contain
ing 4iu> pounds of smokeless powder, when the' Fern was off Cape Cod. There was a stiff wind blowing and
the Fern seemed doomed. The excellent discipline on board prevented any panic and before the flames
reached the magazine the explosives had all been carried to a place of safety.
The Fern was then headed about and running with the wind into Provincetown harbor, the flames were
subdued after a fierce tight.
The Fern was in collision later when ten miles of Thimble Light on the coast of Virginia, with the
English tramp steamer lago. A hole eleven feet square was torn in the after cabin, and the deck for
twenty feet was crushed. WO damage was done below the water line. The Fern was at that time on the
way from Annapolis with general stores for the northern yards.
RUBENS TALKS
ABOUT BONDS
Declares Very Few Have
Been Sold by the
Cubans.
Less Than One Hundred Thou
sand Dollars Raised by
Issues of Patriots.
The Only Indebtedness of the Insur
gent Repuoho Is to Soldiers and
Civil Employes.
BpMtal Tlspatoh to The Call.
NEW YORK. April S.— Horatio S.
Rubens, counsel to the Cuban Junta
in this city, was interviewed to-day in
reference to the statements made in
Congress yesterday by Representative
Grosvenor of Ohio that Colonel John
J. McCook is the legal representative
of the Cuban Junta of New York, "be
hind which Stands $400,000.1)00 worth of
Cuban bonds that can be validated by
the recognition of independence of the
Cubans by the United States." and that
they would be destroyed by a policy
that would drive Spain out of Cuba, in
the interests of the American people.
Mr. Rubens said: "These statements
are incorrect. John J. itoCook is not
a representative of the Cuban Junta,
and. as to the $400,000,000 bonds. I must
refer you to the statements of Benja
min F* Guerra, Secretary of die Cuban
republic, show ing that the amount of
Cuban bonds purchased was only a lit
tle over (100,000, and those were bought
for about 40 per cent of their face
value. Furthermore, there have been
no concessions by granting or selling
Of any kind whatever."
"Does J- J- McCook represent any
personal hiding of Cuban obligations?"
was asked.
Mr. Rubens' replied with emphasis:
"'To my positive knowledge there is no
one who has any claim on the Cuban
Government except the Cuban soldiers
and the civil employes of the Republi
can Government. Their claims are to
be settled after the establishment of
peace."
PATRIOTIC NAMES FOR
AUXILIARY CRUISERS.
Ships Bought Prom the Morgan Line
Styled Yankee. Dixie. Prairie
and Yoseraite.
WASHINGTON, April I— Secretary
Long to-day decided upon the names of
the new auxiliary- cruisers acquired by
the Government from the Morgan
Steamship line. The names are select
ed for the ships are peculiarly Ameri
can and are especially significant, in
that they appeal to all parts of the
country. El Notts is to be hereafter
known' as the Yankee. El Rio as the
Dixie. El Sol as the Prairie, and El
Sud as the Yosemite.
When a young lien reaches the age
of two years, it is able to strangle or
pull down a horse or an ox.
The Armored Cruiser Garibaldi, Which Has Just Been Purchased by Spain From
the Italian Government.
SPEAK FOR
THE CUBANS
Senators Who Say They
Have Earned Their
Freedom.
Statesmen Say the Independ
ence of the Island Should
Be Recognized.
It Would Be a Sad Spectacle to Leave
the Natives at the Mercy of
Bondholders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, . -iggs House,
Washington, April 8.
Among the Senators seen to-day who
expressed themselves in opposition to
any modincatk-n of the resolution to be
represented by the Committee on For
eign Relations were Tharston, Petti
grew, Allen and Mason.
"We carrot," said Senator Mason,
"agree to any change that would rob j
the present Cuban Government of the j
victory which they have so nearly t
won."
"In my opinion a set of men who have
maintained themselves as the Cuban in- ;
surgents have in opposition to the en- i
tire Spanish arms deserve our fullest
indorsement," said Senator Allen, add
ing that he would oppose any effort to
curtail their rights.
Senator Thurston said: "If we should
intervene without recognizing the pres
ent Government of Cuba we should
place the United States In a position of
responsibility to all other powers and
to the citizens of all other countries for
any damage done them in case of war.
This is my interpretation of the inter
national law bearing upon the case, and
I do not believe it can be successfully
controverted. Furthermore. 1 think we
would in that event be held liable for
the payment of interest on the Spanish
bonds, which are secured by the Cuban
revenues. But a greater weight with
me than all these considerations is the
conviction that if we interfere in the
conflict between Spain and the Cubans
without recognizing a present govern
ment in the island we shall witness the
spectacle of the Cubans being com
pelled to make terms with the bond
holders for their recognition after all
the sacrifice they shall have made and
we snail have made for them. This 's
1 the thing that is most repulsive to me
in the proposition to deny the present
Cuban Government its Just dues. I do
not want to see the Cubans compelled
to enter into a dicker to secure their
rights after the Spaniards shall have
been driven out."
Senator Lodge of the Committee on
Foreign Relations said to-day that he
thought the committee would not report
before Tuesday. He also expressed the
opinion that the Senate would dispose
of the resolution reported at one sit
ting.
In lS'l Great Britain had 5.6T2.000
houses, whose rental value was £20,
000.000; now there are more than 7.100.
000 houses, of the rental value of £135,
i 000,000.
EXPECT LEE TO
LEAVE TO DAY
State Department Officials
Speak of Returning
Consuls.
Recall of Representatives in
Cuba an Act of Precaution,
Not of Belligerency.
Before Their Departure th« Consuls
Turn Over Affairs to tha
British.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. April 8.
The expectation of the State Depart
ment officials is that Consul -General :
Lee will be out of Havana before an- j
other sun sets in that city. This state- i
raent is based on the opinion of Assist- '
ant Secretary Day, who said this aft- '
ernoon that the Consul-General would
leave his post of duty probably to
morrow, on the Olivette.
A dispatch was received at the de
partment late this afternoon from Gen- '
eral Lee. but it was said it related sim
ply to a matter of detail of no gTeat
importance. From the fact that he
made no reference to any disturbance
or ill feeling, the officials take it for
granted that the day in Havana passed
by without anything of moment hap
pening.
By Sunday, at the very latest, it is {
now believed, all the Consular officers
of the United States in Cuba, and all
American citizens who desire to do so,
will have left the cities where they are
located and be either in the United
States or aboard vessels bound thither.
The effects of the Consulates, consist
tag of unimportant papers, furniture,
etc.. will be placed under the charge
of the Consular representatives of the
British Government now in the island.
where they will be kept pending the
developments of the issue between the
United States and Spain.
The important papers of the offices
will be brought to the United State*.
Officials of the State Department, in
discussing the withdrawal of the Con
suls from Cuba at this time, say it pre
sents many phases of interest. They
point out that such withdrawals must
not be considered in any manner a bel
ligerent act, but simply one of precau
tion based on humanitarian motives,
designed to protect them from any
trouble which might result from the
strained feelings between Spain and
this country- In a week, suggested one
official to-day, they may have returned
to their positions, if trouble between
the two countries should be averted.
Some of the adulterations found in
beer are cocculus ir.dicus. capsicum.
ginger, quassia, wormwood, calamus
• root, caraway and coriander seeds,
copperas, sulphuric acid, cream of tar
tar, alum, carbonate of notash ground
oyster shells, nux vomica, pierotum and
I strychnine.
WITHDRAWAL OF
AMERICANS FROM
PORTS OF CUBA
Consul Hyatt and Other Citizens
of the United States Leave
Santiago on the
Brookline.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April B.— Thirty-two citizens of the Unit£
States, among them Pulaski F. Hyatt, Consul at Santiago de Cuba, ana
Dr. Canalnero, superintendent of the Marine Hospital in that city, ar
rived this morning at Port Antonio on the Boston Fruit Company s
steamer Brookline, which was sent from here to get them by order of
the State Department in Washington.
Mr. Hyatt and a few of the passengers went ashore at Port Antonio,
and the Consul will come to Kingston to-morrow. The Brookline with
all the other refugees on board sailed for Boston this evening. The ship
was quarantined when she reached Port Antonio and held for several
hours, but the restrictions were finally removed because the authorities
realized the unusual circumstances.
Some of the Brookline's passengers, who went on to Boston, told
me that three Spanish warships were at Santiago when they left yester
day. Mines have been thickly laid in the harbor, they said, and the
Spanish authorities are taking every precaution to prevent the use of
Santiago as a place of landing by hostile troops.
I talked with Mr. Hyatt at Port Antonio, and asked him about his
orders. He told me that he had left his post because of instructions from
Washington. His withdrawal, he said, was not necessarily a prelimi
nary of war. It was in his opinion a step taken to prevent occurrences
that might lead to serious complications. Among the insurgents, he told
me, activity has been greatly increased because it is considered cer
tain that the United States is about to interfere and drive the Spanish
troops off the island. Mr. Hyatt says that in the vicinity of Santiago
the health of the people had been greatly improved since the relief sup
plies had been received from the United States.
Mr. Hyatt will remain here awaiting instructions from the State
Department. Word was received here to-day that the steamer Beverly
had sailed from Cienfuegos for Boston, stopping at Key West on the
way. She has on board Owen McGarr, Consul at Cienfuegos. and near
ly one hundred United States citizens. It is expected that to-morrow
at noon a steamer chartered by the American State Department will
leave here under orders to proceed to the southern coast of Cuba and
take off the United States Consuls and other Americans at four ports.
At the time this dispatch is filed the name of the vessel is not made
public, nor h: ye the destinations been made known.
REJECTS ALL
MEDIATION
At Least Premier Sagasta
So Declares in Be-
half of Spain.
But Certain Newspapers Are
Yet Hopelul of the Pend-
ing Negotiations.
Minister of War Corr?ro Declares
That Spanish Warships Must
Not Bo Surrendered.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
MADRID, April B.— Senor Sagasta
says the Spanish Government has no
intention of opening further negotia
tions. The Spanish Government to-day
remitted to Rome its full reply to the
Pope's suggestion of an armistice.
General Correro, the Spanish Minis
ter of War. in an interview this morn
ing, said: "Spain must not be alarmed
if war is declared and at the sinking of
Spanish warships. What we must at
all costs avoid is a Spanish warship
striking her colors to the American
flag. She should rather explode her
magazines. 1 wish to God Spain had
not a warship from Cuba to the penin
sula. We could then say to America:
'We are here, meet us when you
please.' "
The Liberal this evening says the
Government has decided to send a note
to the Pope, thanking him for his good
offices and begging him to persevere.
"But," the Liberal adds, "the Gov
ernment does not pledge itself to accept
the Papal decision."
The Heraldo will say: '"Spain re
mains in the same state of expectation
and uncertainty as yesterday. It is
impossible yet to give a definite opin
ion respecting the Pope's mediation
and the intervention of the great pow
ers."
The Epoca gives great importance to
the action of European powers inviting
', the Government not to assume a stiff
necked . attitude, since their interven
tion may be advantageous to Spain.
It thinks the key to the situation is in.
Senor Sagasta's hand, and. although
the Epoca is the paper which has
, fought most consistently lately against
: peace, it will say that the country does ;
not want war unless forced into con
flict-
Senor Gullon, the Foreign Minister,
' has held several conferences with the
Embassadors of the powers. Rumors '
■ have been circulated that the failure of ,
; the Pope's efforts was owing to the at
i titude of the United States. The Nun
ciature here has issued the following
note:
•'The Nunciature has to-day., higher i
hopes than ever of the success of the
papal intervention. It is not true that
President McKinley has repected th>>
Pope's intervention in favor of peace. !
Such impoliteness would be the more J
impolitic, not only because it would I
display a barbarous intolerance, but
because, however much any person
might be the Pope's enemy, it would b-»
Impossible to misinterpret the voice of
the venerable old man will recommend
the preservation of peace. On the other
hand.' the Catholics of North America :
• would never pardon such a disregard of
'-■■ the vicar-genera! of their church S
The general tone of the evening'pa
pers is one of satisfaction at the in
terference of the European powers, as
showing that the latter realize Spain's <
! determined attitude against further
■ concessions to America. Some doubt
is expressed, however, as to the re
sult of intervention, lest the European
concert repeat the Cretan performance.
The concert has ' a weakness for '■ the
stronger side, and may exact conces
sion from - Spain offensive to Spanish
pride and harmful to Spanish interests.
Therefore the papers warn the Min
istry to trust to Spain only.
El Correo Espana, the Carlisi organ,
publishes a letter from the Marquis Ca
vero. a Cartist general In the last war,
addressed to Count Xiquena. Minister
of Public Works. It is as follows: ~I
do not know your, president nor fellow
ministers. ■ Therefore. I address you. of
fering my humble services in the hour
of the country's danger. I am taking
; this step without consulting Den Car
los or the party, owing to the urgency
iof the case. I was educated at the mili
tary college of Sasena, have held a
< cavalry command and seen battle fields,
jret I only ask. a rifle or an ax or a
footing on the first ship to meet the
enemy. Nor am I al'ne in this request.
There are thousands of Carli«ts ready
to follow and to defend Spain."
CANNOT GET AWAY
FROM THE PHILIPPINES.
American Consul at Manila May
Have to Seek Safety at the
British Consulate.
NEW YORK. April B.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The State
Department has received a dispatch
from the American Consul at Manila,
Philippine Islands, stating that he
could not obey the instructions of the
department to leave his post, because
there is no ship at the port sailing to
Hongkong. In case he should be un
able to get away before war occurs he
will be directed to place himself under
the protection of the British Consul.
Of the locomotives on the railway? In
the United Kingdom &S'-^ per cent are
fitted with automatic brakes, and 99 per
cent of the carriages an>: v hides
attached to pasesnger trains are simi
larly equipped.
£VERY time you see spots
before your eyes you must
know that you are weak in some
way. Waste is going on some-
where. Dreams show the same
thing. Nervous and depressed
moods mean debility. You are
getting to be an old man before
your time. Why go around in
that way? Let the rich, warm
blood go bounding through your
veins again as it did when you
were in the prime of youthful
vigor. "Hudyan" will insure
this to you. It will stop the drains
at once. It will make you feel bet-
ter from the very start. Hake
you feel brim full of happiness,
and you will know again the great
pleasure of strength in all Us
prime. Write and ask what it
has done for others.
£VEB V case yields at once to
its wonderful power. It is
harmless, though. The weak
back becomes strong; the feel-
ing of strength and power re-
turns. There is no doubt at a/1
about it. "Hudyan" cures! Ail
the information about "Hudyan"
and what it has done, as well as
circulars and testimonials, are
sent free to you. if you have
ulcers in the mouth, have loosen-
ing teeth, copper-colored spots an
the body, falling out of hair or
any symptom of blood taint, you
should at once consult the doo-
tors. You mill get free medical
advice that is not equaled on this
continent. And asi for' free
"30-day blood cure" circulart,
too. No charge at all!
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
3TOCITOS MASHT A 53 KLUS STS
GEOiIJULLER DESK 0SAN JOSE'S FUTURE RESTS IN
THE HANDS OF HER VOTERS
ELECTION
ISSUE WELL
DEFINED
Bossism on One Hand;
Reform on the
Other.
With the People Now
Rests the Destiny of
the Garden City.
At the Polls on Monday They
Can End the Rea
Dictatorship.
ANTE-ELECTION SCANDAL.
Publics Accusation That a Certain
Teacher Pays Part of His Salary
to tha " Gang."
Bridal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April B.— No right-mind
ed, intelligent, decent citizen of San
Jose doubts that Boss Rea, Johnnie
Mackenzie and the adherents of these
manipulators of the corrupt political
machine of San Jose are responsible
for the dishonesty and extravagance in
the public offices of this city.
There is no question as to Rea and
Mackenzie being the head center of the
"gang" that has brought upon San
Jose high and excessive taxation, with
all its attendant evils — evils that have
throttled progress and prosperity.
Every man informed on political his
tory in this city, as it has been made
in the past few months, knows that
"Jim" Rea is responsible for the nam
ing of the candidates who appear on
the people's municipal ticket. Every
body endowed with the slightest politi
cal sense knows that every candidate
on that ticket, which has come to be
commonly designated as the "gang"
ticket, will be subservient to the wishes
of "Boss" Rea and Johnnie Mackenzie
if h» is elected, whether it be to the
office "!" Mayor or as a member of the
appointing board. No secret is made
by the boss and his followers of the
fact that they are using every fair and
u'ifrur means known to astute politi
cians to bring about the election of the
men on the "gang" ticket.
With these facts clearly presented to
the people of San Jose they can have
no excuse for voting against their own
interests on next Monday. A vote for
any candidate on the "gang" ticket is
nothing less than a vote for Rea and
Mackenzie and a continuance of their
disreputable methods.
Reform, retrenchment, progress and
prosperity will come only by the elec
tion of men who are positively known
to have no alliance with the "gang"
and who are known to be under no ob
ligation whatever to the boss or any of
his satellites. Such men compose the
ticket of the New Charter Club. Back
of this ticket are the best citizens of
Pan Jose, in all ranks of life. Opposed
to it is the boss and all the vicious in
fluences that usually surround such a
man. Facts and reason are being used
by tho advocates of the New Charter
Club ticket to Becure its success. Fakes,
threats and misrepresentation are being
employed by the 'gang" in behalf of
the people's municipal ticket.
If the people of San Jose want the
highest office in their gift filled by a
man who has the respect of every de
cent man, who is honest, who is free
from any taint of the "gang," who has
n his ability as a business man
by the success he has attained in his
private affairs, who has never before
run for a public office, who has pledged
himself to administer the affairs of the
<ity on strictly business principles and
In conformity to the provisions and
spirit of the now charter, who has the
courage and the firmness of character
to carry out his promises, let them
vote for Sanford E. Smith for Mayor.
Tf the people of San Jose want the of
fice of City Clerk run as a public trust
and not as a haven of refuge for pets
of the "gang"; if they want to see
every claim against the city presented
to the Council in proper form, and, ac
cording to the provisions of the new
charter, showing its authorization and
Its legal verification; if they want to
Bee this office conducted with economy.
ency and full regard for the in
ta of the public, instead of being
F'lbservient to the class of creditors
vho are favorites of th? boss, and who
are engaged in " continual loot of the
pity treasury, they will vote for James
M. Allen for City Clerk.
Tf the pfv>ple of San Jose wish to pro
tect the city treasury from the raids of
the taxeaters; if thoy want a man in
the office of City Treasurer who will
he payment of all illegal war
runts because such payment would be
ii robbi v of the public, and not be
cause it micrht affect his nrivate purse
or ihar of his bondr-.nen; if they want
n man who will collect every dollar
that is due the city from licenses and
other legitimate sources and thus re
the people from high tax rates;
if they want an honest, tried and able
man t.< handle their finances, they will
vote for Joseph F. Colombet for City
trer.
Tf th" peopje want a Council com
posed of heavy taxpayers and success
ful business men; If they want able
• •nO Intelligent men to make their laws,
nds at the new chapter to inter
the provisions of that precious in
strument; if they want contracts al
ways let to thr> "lowest and best bld
. if thov want supplies purchased
■■<t the lowest market rate? instead of
:.t fancy pricc»s from relatives and
friends of the "fran?*": if they want ex
penditures kepi within the city's in
come; if they want to see every cred
itor of the city treated justly and im
partially; If thf-v want to !<ee every
section of the city improved as it mer
its and rif-sires; if they want to see the
proceedings of the Council carried on
in a dignified and orderly manner: If
they want charges of corruption and
bribery in connection with the Council
to become a thinp of the past; if they
want a model legislative body for the
city of San .Trv C? they will vote for J.
P. Jarman. W. E. Crossman, Adam
PREPARING A HOLD-UP UNDER THE MASK OF RESPECTABILITY.
Rlehl, Maurice O'Brien and Edraond
Cooper for Councilmen.
Not less important for the people to
consider than any of the other offices
mentioned is the membership of the
appointing board. If the Mayor, the
Council, the Clerk and the Treasurer
control in a greater or less degree the
patronage, as far as the business of the
city is concerned, the appointing board
will control the patronage as far as it
applies to persons. Nearb- every ap
pointment to a position in the service
of the city will be more or less con
trolled by the members of the appoint
ing board. It i 3 for this reason that
the "gang" has bent every effort to get
at least a majority of the members of
this board.
If the people of San Jose want a fire
and police force made up of capable and
efficient men, selected because of their
qualifications, and not solely because
of their relationship to or friendship
with the appointing power or because
of their "pull" with the "gang"; if they
want to put a stop to scandalous re
ports of positions having been pur
chased on the police force; if they want
to put a stop to politics being done in
the public schools; if they want to de
pose Johnnie Mackenzie as an honorary
member of the Board of Education,
with his power of appointment greater
than all the regular members com
bined; if a qualification for the position
of school teacher is to be in all cases
competency and fitness and not money
or a "pull"; if "Jim" Rea is to be de
prived of the means with which to ful
| fill any of his political promises and
1 his power for evil is to be effectually
' broken, the people must vote for the
! following men as members of the ap
! pointing board: Charles H. Allen,
Lawrence Archer, John E. Auzerais, T.
I Ellard Beans. A. B. Hunter, J. R.
I Lewis, Michael Kenny, William O.
I Alexander. Luis Argues, Calvin H.
I Bailey, J. H. Campbell, .T. T J. Son
theimer, Thomas J. Riley, D. C. Vestal.
Political comment was largely taken
up to-day with the bold assertion by O.
O. Felkner that he had been informed
by a reliable person that one of the
male schoolteachers of San Jose was
paying $12 oO a month as on assessment
for the retention of his position.. With
this broad statement as a basis the
question is asked, Why does not the
Board of Education, which was so
quick to offer a reward of $500 the
other day for information that would
lead to the discovery of bribery in the
school department, take to investigat
ing instead of wagering?
If the Board of Education of San Jose
is really sincere in its desire to discover
and punish corruption in the depart
ment under its jurisdiction, it should, it
is claimed, take example from the
Board of Education of Los Angeles.
Let immunity from punishment be
promised the schoolteacher who has de
clared that he was "held up" and let.
him also be assured of being retained
in his position if he will make known
the name of the person or persons re
sponsible for this piece of corruption.
Let Rea and Mackenzie's Board of
Education institute a sweeping inves
tigation. It has the power to subp*ena
and swear witnesses. In order that the
atmosphere shall be entirely cleared of
the reports of corruption every teacher
and employe of the School Department
should be called before the board in
public session and examined as to any
attempt made by any person to extort
blood money from them. . Unless this
is done by the Board of Education that
body will be viewed with suspicion by
every decent, respectable man and wo
man.
The public accusation made by Mr.
Felkner Is of too serious a nature to be
put over as a mere campaign report.
The people are now demanding that the
probe of truth and honesty be applied,
that corruption, if any exists, be dis
covered and the cqrruptionists pun
ished. " **H«a
Such a condition as is indicated by
the public stand of Mr. Felkner would
not be possible were San Jose not bound
in political slavery by Boss Rea and his
disreputable "gang." With the success
of the New Charter Club ticket on
Monday next will come an end to such
scandals as this and all others of a
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
i similar character. With honest, re- !
i sponsible and public-spirited men in :
1 control of public affairs place-selling
and p*lace-buying will be unknown.
Each day sees the prospects of vie- j
tory for the New Charter Club ticket |
materially improved. The situation as I
it now exists was well described to-day |
[ by E. E. Crew, the president of the ;
Liberty Club, whose signed interview j
; and appeal to the laboring people ap-
p eared in The Call of to-day. He re
marked:
"It is not a question any longer of
the success of the entire Charter Club j
ticket; it is simply a matter of piling j
up the majorities: We ought to make \
, the majorities for all the candidates so I
large that in the future the promises !
of the boss and his workers will be of 1
no more value in the political world I
than is the note of an almshouse in
mate in the world of finance."
How "Jim" Re does politics has
been well described by the afternoon
"gang" organ, which is certainly qual
ified to speak by the card. It thus tells
how candidates are "reached":
A man in business was elected to office.
He soon found that his business was in
creasing. He was pleased at his increased
prosperity. He found that he was taking
in several hundred dollars a month more
than he had been. He was on Easy street.
He was required to vote so and so ori
some proposition. He declined to do so
He was disciplined. How? The increase
in his trade was taken away from him
All those engaged in "doing" politics were
instructed to stop trading at his store
Word was passed down the line that be
was not "standing in." He found that be
made a mistake; that while consulting
what he considered to be the wishes f
the people he had neglected his own in
terests; that he was getting the worst
of it.
This unprincipled organ of an equally
unprincipled "gang" had the effrontery
to moralize on the foregoing in the fol
lowing language:
It is an old saying that the average
man can be reached through his pocket
that the man who puts principle above
pocket in political matters, as they re
late to municipal affairs, will come out
at the little end of the financial horn.
It follows with this damaging admis
sion of the cause of the "gang":
This is a state of affairs that has ex
isted in San Jose for a long time. The
i remedy was the passage of the new char
ter.
All this is but a prelude to booming
the candidacy of Charles J. Martin for
the Mayoralty. The evening "gang '
I organ says, speaking of Martin:
What can the politicians do to him? He
has no business that can be affected; he
has no grocery store or meat market, no
mercantile business to which patronage
could be directed and then removed for
disciplining purposes.
If any one wants to know how Mar
tin can and will be reached if he is by
any accident elected let hi.n obtain an
swers, but truthful ones, to these ques
tions:
Is not Martin a brother-in-law of L.
• Lion, the head of the furniture firm
' that is now getting all of the "gang"
patronage in its line of business?
Are not the Lions among the most
active workers in behalf of the Rea
: ticket?
Did not Johnnie McKenzie, at a con
ference held at Del Monte, persuade
Martin to allow his name to be used at
the head of the "gang" ticket?
Is not Martin, In running for Mayor,
actuated more by what will accrue to
his relatives in the furniture business
than by his personal ambition or the
public welfare?
Will not Martin, in view of all the
facts here set forth, be under the influ
ence and control of the boss?
It is safe to say that none but af
firmative replies will be forthcoming
to each and all of these questions.
Under the circumstances can any
voter who is opposed to the "gang" and
its corrupt and extravagant adminis
tration consistently cast his vote for
C. J. Martin, particularly when there is
presented for his suffrage such an emi
nently fit man for the mayoralty as
Sanford E. Smith?
What is true of Martin Is also true
of J. W. Cook, the "gang" candidate
for City Clerk. Toth men are respect
able enough, but if elected they will
have to dance as the boss whistles. The
difference between these two men is j
that Martin will 'stand in" with the j
boss for the patronage that will go to |
the Lions, while Cook will "stand in" i
pimply for the emoluments of office
that will falls to him. Part of Cook's
obligation to the boss for the latter's
indorsement and support will be the
patronage of the Clerk's office. The
"gang" will be again allowed to name
at least three of the Clerk's five depu
ties, and the Clerk's office will continue
to be as expensive as It has been of
late.
There is only one safe way to avoid
all mistakes and pitfalls in this the
most momentous campaien ever car
ried on in the city of San Jose— the
Charter Club ticket shouftl be voted
straight. _____^________
GRAIN AND GRASS
IN YOLO COUNTY.
Pasturage and Crops Doing Well and
Fruit Has Suffered but
Little.
WOODLAND, March 8. -^-Thirty-two car
loads of cattle and sheep have arrived in
Capay Valley. They were shipped from
Oceano, San Luis Obispo County, on ac
count of short grass and are the property
of E. Wieman. They will be pastured on
the Pace & Cramer range, near uumda
and Rumsey.
The first estimates of the loss of fruit
in Capay Valley on account of frosts
were no doubt exaggerated. A Call rep
resentative marie a trip through the val
ley this week. The damage has been con
siderable, but not so great as was sus
tained in other portions of the State. In
the northern portion of the valley the
orchards will yield nearly full crops, even
of apricots. In some orchards the worst
that the frost did was to save the owners
the labor of thinning out the fruit on the
trees. In other portions of the valley the
apricots and early peaches have suffered
badly, but there will be good crops of all
other and later fruits, especially prunes.
Nor are the grain crops in the valley suf
fering as in other parts of the county.
With the usual spring showers a large
number of the grain fields will yield
fairly well. Any section tnat can come
out of this exceptionally trying and dis
astrous season with fair crops of either
grain or fruit certainly demonstrates its
superior advantage*.
KILLED BY A BLOW
IN A PRIZE RING.
George Stout Dies From the Effects
of a Blow Delivered by the
Omaha Kid.
COLUMBUS, April B.— George Stout of
Philadelphia, who was knocked out by
Oscar Gardner, the "Omaha Kid," in a
hot fight last night, died from the effects
of the blow this morning. It was in the
twelfth round that the fatal jolt was de
livered, Stout falling heavily and never
regaining' consciousness. He was ordered
taken to the hospital by a physician, but
nothing could be done for him. A post
mortem examination is to be held to de
termine the cause of death. The knock
out blow was a short right swing on tne
jaw.
Gardiner was arrested, but was released
to-night under $700 bonds, pending his pre
liminary hearing. He is much distressed
over Stout's death, and says he will never
fight again. The other men who wore ar
rested after the light were released earl
ier in the day, it being found that they
could not be held on any charge, as the
Mayor had given permits for the fight.
STEEL FRAME CONSTRUCTED.
Progress of the Work on the Salinas
Sugar Factory.
SALINAS, April B.— The steel frame of
the main building at the Spreckels sugar
factory will be completed on Saturday,
within the ninety days called for by the
contract. Superintendent of Construction
G. R. Field claims that with the exception
of one Sunday not a day has been lost.
The interior of the building will be ready
for the placing of machinery during the
week. Work on the main office building
will be commenced this week. A sewer
system of four nines will be ready for
use by April 22.
SMITHS' CASH STORE, 27 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirt*. •
SHOWS SIGNS
OF REFORMING
" Jim " Rea Attends an
Honest Political Gath
ering.
Visits a New Charter Club
Meeting and Hears Himself
Denounced.
Evila of Boss Rule Discussed Before
the Man Responsible for
Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April B.— "Jim" Rea, at
tended by a son of Charles J. Martin,
the "gang" candidate for Mayor, and a
clerk of L. Lion, attended the tent
meeting of the New Charter Club to
night, at the corner of Seventh and San
Salvador streets, and was given an ob
ject lesson in decent politices. The
tent was crowded to its utmost capac
ity, and the boss stood up just back of
the last row of seats. Throughout the
meeting he displayed a state of ner
vous uneasiness which was easily
measured, by those who know his pecu
liarities, by the amount of "fine cut"
he consumed. He was the cynosure of
all eyes. Every reference to him and
his men and methods met with the
wildest applause, and the speakers
were not at all chary of expressing
themselves in unmistakable terms.
S. E. Smith, the candidate of the New
Charter Club for Mayor, was chair
man. He said that Monday would de
cide whether the city government was
to remain in the hands of the machine
or was to be placed under control of the
friends of the new charter. He pre
dicted a sweeping victory all along the
line by handsome majorities.
W. E. Crossman, candidate for Coun
cilman of the First Ward, said that it
was his firm belief that at the election
on Monday every precinct in the city
would give a majority for the New
Charter Club ticket from top to bottom.
F. B. Brown remarked that he did
not expect to be able to convert any
"thoroughbred" or any one upon whom
the "gang" had strings, even if they
attended the campaign meetings of the
Charter Club, but he did hope to con
vert to the principles of good govern
ment every sensible and right-minded
voter.
O. O. Felkner said that he noticed
that "the head of that corrupt gang"
was present; "but I am not afraid of
him," he continued, "and I shall say
plainly what is in my mind."
He then paid his compliments to the
boss, his henchmen and the evils they
have brought upon San Jose. In con
clusion he advised the people to vote
against boodle and misrule.
J. M. Allen, the Charter Club candi
date for city clerk, reviewed the situa
tion and declared that if he were
elected the people could rest assured
that no boss, no ring nor anybody else
would control him.
W. G. Alexander, one of the candi
dates for membership on the Appoint
ing board, made a plea in behalf of
good government, which would come,
he declared, only by the election of the
New Charter Club candidates.
Colonel W. B. Hardy asserted that if
the New Charter Club ticket was elect
ed the doors between the Council chara
THE EMPORIUM.
Concert this evening at y.30.
Delormes great painting — "Interieur de Ferme" —
on free view until 10:30 to-night.
The T^ibbon Sale continues — widths and color lines
still complete.
These Are Our
Ribbon Prices.
The unprecedented cut in Ribbon
prices continues. We waited on the
crowds better yesterday than on the first
day. More space, more salespeople to-day.
The Special Sale Ribbons have been moved
into the section opposite the book depart-
ment to better accommodate the crowds of
buyers.
Best qualify Satin and Gros-Grain Ribbons. * ,
U^one sold to the trade at these prices.
These are to-day's prices :
By the By ths
Piece. Yard.
No. 2—l2 — I inch wide 15c i^c
No. 3—l3 — I inch wide 2^c 2£c
No. £ — 1 inch wide 40c 4c
No. 7 — ii inches wide i^oc
No. 9— 1 1 inches wide 6^c 6£c
No. 12 — 2 inches wide 80c 8c
No. 16— 2! inches wide $1.10 nc
No. 22 — 2% inches wide $i.?o 13c
No. 40 — $2 inches wide $1.70 17c
To-Day's Great Special
in Grocery Dep't.
3000 dozen Fancy Ranch Eggs, guaranteed to be
the best, on sale to-day (Saturday) until | X ~
closing time, if quantity lasts that long, at >^^ Uoz *
Your money refunded if you are not satisfied.
See daily specials in this department on price cards in grocery
show window. Grocery Telephone, South 59.
Easter Sale of Wines and Liquors.
Good Table Claret, regularly 38c per gallon, this week 28c
Extra Port, regularly 75c gallon, special this week at 59c
Extra Dry Pale Sherry, regularly $1.25 gal., special this week 79c
Fine Old Bourbon Whisky, regularly $3 gallon, this week $2.25
Nectar, a delicious sparkling Champagne, .quarts 80c, pints 45c
Wine and Liquor Department —
Main Floor— Rear. J£
The Emporium
and Golden Rule Bazaar
ber and the City Clerk's office would
be kept locked during the sessions of
the Council, so that Rea and his hench
men would have to come openly before
the Council if they had any requests to
make or petitions tor present. They
would no longer, he said, be able to
hide in the Clerk's inner office and call
out Councilmen and order them to
change their votes on any matter in
which Rea was interested. He had
seen the Council at one of its sessions
vote for a long typewritten list of po
licemen and firemen, while Rea and his
lieutenants were present to see that it
was done.
To-morrow night the campaign
meetings under the auspices of the
New Charter Club will conclude with a
grand rally on First and San Carlos
streets. There will be fireworks, music
and eloquence for the entertainment of
the people.
The public and manly campaign
work of the New Charter Club has
been in marked contrast to the insid
ious and back-door methods that the
"gang" has pursued.
MR. JARMAN HONORED.
Elected a Director of the United
Workmen Grand Lodge.
SAN FRANCISCO, April B.— To the Edi
tor of The Call— Dear Sir: J. P. Jarman,
candidate for Councilman at Large and the
anti-boss candidate against "Jim" R£a,
•was unanimously elected a corporate di
rector of the Grand Lodge Ancient Order
of United Workmen at its session
yesterday (Thursday), he having received
nearly the 380 votes of said grand lodge,
and being the only representative outside
of the grand officers elected to the office.
The high regard of the representatives for
Mr. Jarman, and their sympathy and as
surance for him In his noble and brave
fight to down "bosslsm." were the potent
factors which led to his election, an honor
'of no small nature, and one which none of
"Jim" Rea's followers would be granted.
"Very respectfully yours,
J. B. CHURCH,
A delegate from Mount Hamilton Lodge
No. 42. A. O. U. W. of San Jose, of
which Mr. Jarman is past master work
man.
PANAMA CANAL
COMMISSION RETURNING.
International Representatives Much
Pleased With the Present Eco
nomical Management.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, April B.— After nearly a
month's work Inspecting the Panama
canal, the International Commission
sailed to-day for Europe, via New York,
on the steamer Allianoa. On the report
of this commission depends largely the
future of the Panama Canal project.
There is good reason to believe that the
commission was favorably impressed with
what its members saw. The present
economical system, in wide contrast to
the reckless extravagance of previous
administrations, particularly attracted
the attention of the commlsion.
Work of the Adventists..
SANTA CRUZ, April B.— Delegates con
tinue to arrive at the Advent Christian
conference &nd are being royally enter
THE EMPORIUM.
tamed at the homes of the Adventists
Last night Rev. H. F. Carpenter of San
Jose preached the sermon to a large con
gregation from the text, "Watch Ye, Quit
You Like Men. " This morning Mrs. T.
Organ spoke on "Christian Joy." Rev. E.
L. Priest of Oakland has arrived to taka
part in the conference.
CRUSHED BENEATH THE
WHEELS OF A TRAIN
Rail Accident Which May Cort «
Calistoga Laborer His
Life.
NAPA, April B.— George Ackerman wasl
brought to the Napa County Infirmary
here to-day from Calistoga by Henry;
Clark, night watchman at that place.
Ackerman was run over by a train last
night and both of his legs were crushed.
He was under the influence of liquor
when the accident occurred.
Ackerman said there was another man
with him, and that the train struck both
of them, but the other man did not get
hurt.
County Physician E. Z. Hennessey dfr*
cided that amputation was necessary,
and Ackerman's left leg was taken off at
the knee and the right foot removed
above the ankle. It is thought the pa
tient cannot live.
Ackerman is about 61 years of age and,
a native of Switzerland. He has lived In
Calistoga for many years and is a la->.
borer by occupation.
SAUSALITO'S ALARM
• SYSTEM DESTROYED.
Mechanism Stolen From the Firej
Boxes and False Alarms Sent
In By Miscreants.
SAUSALITO, April B.— The fire-alarm
system recently put in by order of tha
Town Trustees is in a deplorable condi
tion. An inspector has reported to tha
Trustees, after a careful examination,
that he could not find one box in the en-»
tire system that had not been damaged op
wholly destroyed, evidently by mischiev
ous persons. Glasses in the alarm boxes
have been knocked out and broken and in
some instances the inspector found where
the alarm cranks had been wrenched en
tirely out of place and the mechanism de-»
stroyed. One box has disappeared en*
tlrely.
The Trustees will undoubtedly make an
investigation, and an effort will be made
to discover the persons who have wrecked
the system, which was. put in at the
town's expense. Many false alarms hava
been turned in and the system outrage
ously abused.
NASHVILLE MEETING CLOSES.
Maxwell House Stake Captured by;
Schorr & Son's W. Overton.
NASHVILLE, April B.— The spring meeting
closed to-day. The track was fast.
Six furlongs, selling. Berttia Sell won, Ninn
rod second, His Brother third. Time, 1:1514-
Seven furlongs, selling. Blitheful won. Lady
of the West second, Jim Lisle third. Time,
Four and a half furlongs. Maxwell Houes
stakes. W. Overton won. Pell Mell second.
Clarence B third. Time, :55H- " „
Six furlongs, selling, Holy Land won, O. K.
Longhurst second, Kosiclo third. Time, l:15'-i.
Six furlongs, purse, Fervor won, Aunt Bird
second. Sim W third. Time, 1:34^-
Six furlongs, Lauretta D won, Bomtjardoo
second. Katie Longfellow third. Tim*, 1:14.
56
Mill •nMf itil rt />«* ci 1 *' 1 * V:«r?B. " 55l I il
SATURDAY APRIL 9. 1898
C JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Pr0 P rie{ol^__
■ Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISCS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874
me SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carrUrs In trjls city and surrounding, towns
for 15 cents a week- By ma " $6 per year; per montrj
65 rents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE -^ 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room ISS. World Buildinft
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
_________
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Building
C. GEORGE KKOG>ESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
IP4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin "A Gay Deceiver."
Columbia— -Shor* Acr-os "
California— "A Jay In New York."
A.i-ir:\r ■.l:liu>
Moroeoo'a "Hands Across the Sea,"
'itvoii "StabadThe Sailor."
i Itmilll Vaude vlllt\
The Chutes- The Zoo, Vaudeville and Canlac's Leopards.
Olytnpla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Speolamei
Suermau & Clay's Hall— Patoma Sohramm, Wednesday after-
noon. April II
Central Ttaenttill to-day.
Kecrt>atiou Park— Baeehall to-morrow.
Catupo— Music, dancing boating, fishing, every Sunday,
California Jockey Cluh, O;vkl.iud^llaoos tCKiay.
Coursluc— iiwrii>sid<> Ooi'.rsini: Park, this afternoon.
AUCTION SALES.
By DlltpA Co.— Tuesday. April 1?. Horses, at corner Van Keaa
B*«WM and Marnet sirtH'i*. .4: II o'clock.
PRISONERS IN THE ARCTIC ICE.
NO definite news concerning the whalers im-
I prisoned in the ice of the Arctic could fail to be
' of interest. Such a story, told with simple yet
graphic detail, The Call is able to present this morn
ing. It is the story written by TiHon, the man who
was commissioned by these castaways to bring a mes
sage to civilization. That he undertook a journey in
volving great peril, that he brought news of impor
tance, there can be no denying. This news has been
secured because investigation showed it to be of great
importance: in its way, unique. •No such journey as
it records, with such a purpose, was ever before un
dertaken. At least no such journey was ever com
pleted until now.
The actions o! TUton after he reached the civiliza
' r which ..'. so bravely striven were sur
ist 1 - evident heroism, which
H I to have been a - He deported himself
t .^ i create the mv. I &sok object was
formed that he was
said lie bore not what
terted it to be. It was a gratification to ascer
tain that however far Erom correct Tilton'a attitude
had been, his . that he declared it to
be \ ■ picturesque and
rail of t •-. people had waited n-.onths to
obtain . more 1 ... ttive has
for >c;.:- I een laid before the readers o: any paper.
THE CONCERT OF EUROPE.
formal joint address made by Austria.
France. Germany, Great made by and Rus
•y. Great Britain, Italy and Kus
sia to our Government and to that of Spain
urging an agreement between them that will secure
the maintenance of peace and re-establish order in
Cuba is the latest development of that new factor
in diplomacy known as the European concert. It is
another step in the direction of making all interna
tional complications the subject of concern to all
nations, and as such it is of much more interest as a
precedent likely to be followed than a? a serious
effort to prevent the impending war.
As a matter of fact it is doubtful if any of the Em
bassacors who went in due state to present the ad
dress to President McKinley had any idea that his
course would be in the slightest degree affected by
what they would say to him on behalf of their Gov
ernments. European diplomatists, however, have
now acquired the habit of talking in concert and our
controversy with Spain presented too good an op
portunity for further talk in that way for them to
overlook it. They made their address in the interests
of peace in about the same way they would go
through any ordinary state function, and took good
care to ask of us nothing that would have required
anything more than a diplomatic nothing in reply.
Had the European powers seriously entertained the
idea of an interference by the concerted action in
this instance they would probably have found them
selves as hopelessly incapable of agreeing as they
were for many months in the contest between Greece
and Turkey. From all reports that have come to us
it appears that France sympathizes with Spain be
cause of her relations to the Spanish people and her
investments in Spanish bonds. The Germans are on
the same side because just now they feel aggrieved
at the United States because of the Dingley' tariff and
the increasing export of American farm products to
Germany. The Crar of Russia is on the side of the
Spanish crown on general principles, while Austria
would support it because the Queen-Regent of Spain
is a Princess of the Austrian house, r In the mean
time Great Britain, for many reasons, is decidedly
sympathetic with the United States just now, and it
would be a very sure thing that she would not agree
to any programme that would antagonize this country
in the least.
Fortunately the affair in itself is not one of. any
considerable importance. The European concert has ■
made its display and performed its function on the
stage with just enough pomp and action to show that
it is still alive. In the future (he precedent now set
may lead to some more vigorous effort? of the kind.
There may be an actual attempt on the part of
Fur« to interfere in American affair?. It will then
be seen whether it would be possible to ally all
Europe against us and whether we would be checked
on our course even it such an alliance should be
formed.
* If the gentleman who says he found $18,000,000 on
»n island can produce the coin later to substantiate
his story, the Klondike mining business might as" well
drop out of the competition. True, there is gold in
the Klondike, but the 'most ardent searcher after i:
dc«« cot expect to »hovel it up ready minted i
THE PRESIDENT'S COURSE.
""T^HE great issues of war and peace are too grave
concerns to be treated from a partisan or a per
* sonal standpoint. They affect the national
honor and the welfare of the whole people.
In modern times no war has been either made or
avoided by a nation without criticism, usually unjust,
of those in authority, who see and know all sides
of every contingency. France was convulsed with the
war spirit in i8;o. and her Emperor had the choice
of domestic revolution or martial enterprise abroad.
Choosing the latter, he plunged into it without pre
paration and late unrolled the record of disaster from
the first skirmish to Sedan and the decheancc. Greece
wanted war, and forced the Government to it with an
army that had nothing to fight with but the historic
glories of Marathon. Salamis and Lepanto.
History is full of instances in which zeal has sub
stituted preparation for war with resulting disaster
and humiliation.
In current history these incidents are in course
of repetition; It for the purpose of partisan advan-
tage the country had been excited into war six or
three months ;i£i> the enterprise would have embarked
entirely without preparation. Yet some papers and
some politicians were urgent for immediate war. If
they had had their way the opening would have been
disastrous. Of course, in the long run. the country
would have equipped its army and navy and closed
the struggle in honor and victory, but the expen-
diture of life and treasure would have been doubled,
Then the minority politicians, who are using patriot-
ism as a campaign stalking horse, would have made
the welkin ring with accusation against the Presi-
dent for disaster they had caused by their unfeeling
prostitution of popular loyalty.
During the Civil War President Lincoln had to
ftand the bitter blame of every disaster, and yet
nearly every move that failed was hotly urged by the
very classes that abused and derided him when fol-
towutg their demands brought defeat.
President McKinley is no tyro in statesmanship or
war. His patriotism and courage were put to a test
that was not tried by most of the men who profess
to soe something covert and cowardly in his patient
preparation to avoid the worst by being ready for it.
He followed and fought for the flag in many an
«ction and won his promotion before he readied his
majority. In considering strategy and preparation
he is equipped with a full experience in practical war.
He knows that battles are not won by perfervid
oratory, that powder is needed and not periods, rams
not rhetoric, and he knows that the beginning of
failure is in underestimate of the enemy. Spain is
poor and in decadence, but when even such a nation
coo* to war it is to fight, and no other, no matter
how great its inherent strength, can go out to meet
it unprepared.
In the last eight weeks we have put our strength
on land and sea in equipment for military use. We
have money, men and ships; we have guns and pow
der, an organized commissary, transportation in
order and stand at attentian. ready for what is to
come. If now diplomacy force Spain to see herself
as she is. and she remove our cause for reprisal, this
country will have a valuable experience, and in future
the mouth-valiant warrior will set his bueca! squad
rons in the air and invoke Mars to windy war in
vain if the country feel either lack of cause or need
of preparation.
The eyes of the people are on the men who will
attempt to gain partisan advantage out of such a
serious issue as slaughter, for if war come they will
be the first to hamper and impede the President, and,
as their kind have done before, keep a fire in the rear
more galling than that in front.
It is for Congress to declare war and for the Presi
dent to wage it. He knows his responsibility and has
prepared for it. No point has been lost while the
torrid Hotspurs have found it difficult to restrain their
desire to see somebody else fight. The President is
a soldier and knows his duty and will do it.
He should not fail, however, to give due weight to
the public impatience which has followed the an
nouncement that military prcpar-.tions are complete.
He will thereby deprive the political minority of the
chance to make capital and embarrass him by even
temporarily alienating the public confidence in his
course. In such a straggle as seems imminent the
President must not permit any shadows between him
and the people, for the partisan opposition in Con
groK will make of them substance, if pretentious
statement can do it. Since the speech by Lentz of
Ohio it is evident that the minority intend to s.v
the patriotic expectations of the people by voting
war budgets and make party capital by criticizing the
expenditure of the money. With a substantial frank
ness of relation established between the President and
the people these misplaced manifestations of par
tisanship will excite only disgust, for the people never
patiently endure the effort of politicians to turn
battle-shed blood into efnee-seeking advantage.
THE CASE OF LIEUTENANT ADfIMS.
TO state the matter concisely. Lieutenant Adams
has been drunk again. As an individual his
bibulous tendency might be of no general im
portance, but as a portion of the r.avy on a jag Adams
invites attention. The country has a right to demand
that the men who sail its ships shall be sober. Just
at a time when the country seems on the verge of wnr
and any man or officer may be called to instant dun
there can be no excuse tor keeping dipsomaniacs on
the roster.
But a short time ago Adams wa? tried for intoxi
cation. The court-martial found that the charge was
truf, but it also found a technicality by which it could
protect the accused from any penalty, and it did so.
*:" r this the tribunal was severely arraigned by the
Secretary of the Navy. The intimation was strong
that it had been wrongfully lenient toward an of
fender deserving 61 punishment. It might have been
supposed that this narrow escape would have been a
- to Adams, but hardly had he beer, restored to
duty before he got drunk again, gloriously full, and
was taken in disgrace to his quarters. New if the
court-martial whitewash him once more it will be
arraigned not only by disgusted officials, but by the
people at large.
The personnel of the navy is up to a high standard.
Citizens who pay for the navy, who pay for the train
ing of its men. would have it kept so. They have a
pride in it and a confidence which cannot be safely
abused. In the capacity of a private person Adams
would have peculiar facilities for indulging in his
amusement of painting his environment, with nothing
to interfere save the police. He should seire the op
portunity and resign. Failing to resign, he should
be dismissed.
There is in use at the per.itenyary of Colorado what
the Warden terms a "spanking chair." The person
occupying it gets automatically padded. and with
great rest. There is a feeling among the ultra-war
like that the Warden ought to lend the contrivtnee
to the Speaker pi the House.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
THE ISSUE IN SAN JOSE.
THE municipal campaign in San Jose virtually
closes this evening. The great mass of citizens
have taken their stand on one side or the other,
and are lined up for the contest on election day.
About all that can be advanced in the way of argu
ment has been set forth, and such voters as are still
in doubt which cause to support at the polls are
either persons of vacillating mind, whose actions are
always determined by the latest influence brought to
bear upon them, or else persons who are habitually
indifferent to public affairs and vote capriciously as
the impulse directs when the time comes.
A canvass of the citizens justifies the belief, that the
victory at the polls will be gained by the advocates
of good government, even if all the vacillating and
indifferent crowd should be herded by the boss and
his gang between now and the election. Nevertheless,
it is gratifying to note that the progressive and honest
clement of the people do not intend to take chances.
They have warned the people against the machinations
of the ring machine and put them on guard against
j the slanders and lies that are pretty sure to be issued
by the unscrupulous foe with which they have to
j deal. These warnings cannot fail to counteract to
| some extent the base methods resorted to by the
i gang candidates and their supporters, and the election
morning canards will be less potent in determining
j votes than the boss expects.
i This address of warning issued by the Charter Club
j at its last mtvt'ng was a natural and necessary out-
I come of the campaign itself. In all political contests
\ there is more or less of misrepresentation, falseness
and calumny, against which the public has to be
put on guard in the interests of honorable men. In
the San Jose campaign, however, that form of at
tack has been carried to a degree of lying almost be
yond precedent. An element of personal malice has
been infused into the attacks made upon nearly all
j the candidates of the Charter Club, anc the lies cir
| culated about them have had all the poison that mean-
ness and malignity can instill into the slander that un
scrupulous cunning invents and shameless mendacity
utters.
Eliminating the lies of the gang from consideration,
the issue presented to the voters of San Jose in this
election is in the fullest sense a question of honest
government and all the prosperity it implies against
dishonest ring rule and all the plunder, waste and
municipal stagnation that go with it.
THE ACCEPTED STREETS.
WE are enabled this morning to make the sur
prising announcement that the Board of Super
visors has at last completed arrangements for
the repair ot the streets and crossings of this city which
during the past thirteen years have been paved with
bituminous rock. At a meeting of the Street Com
mittee on Thursday it was resolved to advertise for
proposals with this end in view. The specifications
submitted require the contractor within three months
after the award to place all bituminous streets in per
fect order, and to thereafter keep them in that con
dition. Upon forty-eight hours' notice even" break
must be repaired.
This movement is quite startling, for the reason
that the Supervisors lor over ten years have appar
ently assumed that bituminous rock pavements were
going to last forever. The material came into ex
tensive use about ISSS. In that year several blocks
were laid on Golden Gate avenue. Some of them
immediately wore out: that is to say. no sooner had
the contractors laid them than they cultivated a dis
j position to generate "chuck" holes. This was attrib
. uted to the poor quality of the bitumen used, and
I orders were passed by the Supervisors boycotting the
product of the offer.ding deposits.
But no one ever suggested that measures should
be taken to keep other blocks of the material in re
pair. We believe that one over-zealous Street Super
intendent did persuade the Supervisors that the city
ought to have its own steam kettle and roller, but in
purchasing the machines somebody blundered and got
them so large it was found impossible to operate
them. As we recall the incident, the roller was too
heavy to be moved by the delicate muscles of the
-itive gentlemen who are employed by the Street
Department to repair accepted streets.
At the present time there are in the city over
13.000,000 square feet of bituminous rock pavement,
all of which is in a more or less bad state of repair.
: Especially on the downtown streets the material has
shown it? inability to sustain heavy traffic without
! constant attention. Although it is a nineteenth cen
; tun- marvel that for upward of thirteen years the Su
pervisors should have left the bituminous streets of
the city to care for themselves, the announcement
that a repairing contract is about to be awarded
comes, a> ■•ye have said, in the nature of a surprise.
The fact that the city's business is always managed
with marked imbecility is. not the only ground for
■ amazement. Heretofore repairing has been done by
a force employed by the Superintendent of Streets.
Of course this means that no repairing has been done
at all. A public contract will displace these politi
cians. How it has been brought about, therefore, is
a mystery.
We perceive in this chapter of municipal history
two or three remarkable things. First, there is a
reversal of the policy of letting the accepted streets
gq to the devil: second, there is a covert attempt to
interfere with the leisure of the politicians employed
by the Street Department, some of whom will now be
compelled to go to work: third— and more surpris
j ing than all — somebody is going to try to keep the
accepted streets in repair. We are scarcely able to
comprehend ill this. We fear there is a job be
hind it.
The proposition to have crazy criminals confined in
a penitentiary building will not be approved of by
the sane lunatics who make a specialty of committing
crimes and then getting excused on the plea o: being
peculiar. Where is the virtue of pleading insanity
and then having to go to jail after all?
Detailed accounts of the plans by which the ships
of the navy are to be distributed in case of war lack
in a measure the evidences of authenticity. As a rule
the initial move of the commander is not to confide
in the first correspondent who happens to come
along.
The Spanish Consul at Key West is said to con
template placing himself under the protection of the
British Consul there. Such precaution will not be
necessary. The residents of Florida have the honor
to be civilized.
A supposition that upon arrival in this country Lee
would have something startling to tell grows weaker.
It has even reached such a stage of incredibility that
the New York Journal accepts and pub'. ; .<'"?s it as a
fact.
Cranks »re becoming thick at Washington, but hap
pily few of them are in public life.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. E. Murphy of Stockton is at the
Grand.
J. F. Moser, U. S. N., is a guest at the
Occidental.
R. J. Longford of San Jose is a guest
at the Lick.
L. Hartman of Washington, D. C, Is a
guest at the California.
H. and M. de Barry of Antwerp are
registered at the Palace.
W. P. Rice of Boston !s at the Palace
with his wife and family.
Dr. H. B. Lathrop of Malaga registered
at the Grand yesterday.
Supreme Judge* Bartch of Salt Lake is
in <he city on a pleasure trip.
George P. Ditzler of Biggs. Butte Coun
ty, is registered at the Grand.
E. H. Cox, a well-known banker of Ma
dera, is stopping at the Palace.
T. J. Field, a well-known banker of
Monterey, is registered at the Palace.
R. T. Devlin and W. F. George, both of
Sacramento, are registered at the Grand.
George R. Stewart, a prominent stock
man of Crows Landing, is stopping at the
Gmnil.
Edward de la Cuesta, Supervisor of
Santa Barbara County, is staying at the
Grand.
United States Immigration Commis
sioner Roberts of Philadelphia is visiting
friends in this city.
Harry Montefiore Goldberg, son of Ja
cob Goluoerg. starts Saturday for a year's
travel and study in Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. F. Fitch of Stockton and
C. F. Chandler of Boston are among last
night's arrivals at the California.
A gent leman
wished to have
the fence around
his garden paint
ed the other day,
bo he employed
an artist of the
sort whose work
EVEN HEAVEN
SEEMS
AGAINST HIM.
is judged by its extent rather than by its
artistic qualities, and telling him to go
ahead ard paint as his taste suggested,
left the man of pots and brushes 10 mirk
his will while the owner of the property
started for the races. On his way to In
gleside hornet a beggar with a blue pate 1 :
over his eye and gave, as he thought, a
nickel. Later on he discovered it was a
live-dollar piece. Arriving at the track,
he bought a ticket of admission from v
fellow with a black and blue eye, and ie
ceived among his change a bad quarter.
He started down the line picking to win
five losers out of six races, and in the
s'Xth race he only played a horse to
show; the dog was left at the post. Ev
ery one of the jockeys on the entire s-ix
horses wore blue colors.
He left the track, and, after taking din
ner down town, tried to retrieve himself
at poker. He bought three stacks of
blues in quick succession, and got rid of
them with even greater rapidity than he
acquired them. Then he went home and
went to bed after a day's sport that had
cost him exactly $530 75. In the morning
when he awoke and looked out of his win
dow the first thing that met his eye was
his fence, clothed from pillar to post in
a bright new coat of light blue paint.
The shock was something terrible, but
he has succeeded in recovering suffi
ciently to promise a sensational murder
when the artist presents his bill for col
lection. In the meantime he looks at the
sky through smoked glasses.
E. H. Fontecilla, a weli-known journal
ist of Stockton, was a guest of Wells
Drury at the Press Club yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Beckwith and daugh
ter of Cleveland. 0., who are here on a
pleasure trip, registered at the California-
Captain of Police Robinson has been
granted a two weeks" leave of absence,
during which he will visit relatives in
the East.
R. W. Richardson of Omaha, special
commissioner of trie Trans-Mississippi In
dustrial Exposition, arrived at the Palace
last night.
J. A. Munro, traffic manager of the
Union Pacific Railway at Omaha, regis
tered at the Occidental upon his arrival
yesterday.
R. A. Eddy, a capitalist of Missoula.
Mont., and F. —. Orcutt. a larse fruit
man of Sacramento, are both guests at
the Palace.
F. Marion Crawford," the well-known
novelist, has returned from the south,
where he has been delivering lectures,
and is now staying at the Palace.
J.C.Kemp Van Ee.whois the represent
ative of a large English mining syndicate,
is at the Palace, where he arrived last
night from London. He may go to the
Klondik? in the late spring.
State Senator "W. F. Prisk is at the Oc
cidental, where he arrived yesterday
from Grass Valley. Senator Prisk is a
member of the committee appointed by
the last Legislature to investigate public
institutions nad report to the Governor
when the next Legislature convenes. He
is down here to meet the other members
of the committee, who will come to
gether to-morow and proceed southward,
investigating the Whittier Reform School
and other public institutions in the south
ern part of the State.
CALIFORNIANS IN" NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April S.— Dr. James W.
Henry of San Francisco is et the Wal
dorf-Astoria. Mr. ar.i'. Mrs. Banks. Mr.
and Mrs. Hunt and Miss Helen Lindley
of Sacramento have gone to Paris.
BATTLE OP THE BOOKS.
Editor Call: In your paper recently
i-.r.der caption of "The Battle of the
Books,** you say: '"As a matter of fact
the better part of all teaching cornea from
the teacher and not from books." That
is true, but 1 think there has been a ten-
Oancy of late years to carry the principle
ADYEBTISEMXNTS.
To the Klondike.
L. N. McQuesten, the>" Father of Alaska, writes :
"The ROYAL is the only Baking Powder
that will endure the severe climatic changes
of the Arctic Region* A miner with a can
of bad baking powder is almost helpless in
Alaska* Therefore, we have used nothing
but Royal Baking Powder/*
ROYAL B.*jq\a PgWOSS «X SEW Y33*.
too far. Too much importance has been
laid upon the question of how much mere
learning a pupil will acquire in school. It
is true that a pupil will learn more from a
good teacher than from the best of books,
and the knowledge of this fact tends to
lead educators- to attach too much impor
tance to the teacher as a source of in
struction independent of books, or at
least to underestimate the value of books.
If the true purpose of teaching were
merely to cram the mind with knowledge,
then that system that would impart the
most knowledge in a given time would
seem to be the best. But the gaining of :
knowledge is not the sole object. Of at
least equal importance is the development
of mental puwers and the formation of
good habits. The pupil cannot be a pupil ;
always; cannot always have the help of a I
teacher. He should be taught to rely i
upon himself, to stand alone. When he
leaves the school room his work is not I
done; he is only just entering upon the !
actual business and duty of life. He does j
not learn in school all that he should i
learn, however excellent his teachers and j
their system. To succeed in life, to ac- j
complish anything of value, he must be j
progressive, must continue to learn; and j
he must do this without either the spur
or the aid of a teacher.
To this end his course of instruction and
training in school should be such as
would not make him dependent upon his
teachers. He should be taught to learn
without their aid. He should have de
veloped in him a love for learning that
should cause him to desire it for its own
sake and his own good, and should have
habits of industry and thoroughness and
a feeling of self-reliance that would lead
him to active and persevering work on
his own account. His school should not
be regarded as a place where his work is
completed, but as an apprenticeship in
which he learns to use the best tools in
the best way for the work of his lifetime.
•No man ever accomplished anything or
amounted to anything whose improve
ment and development ended with his
school life.
Of all means of improvement at com
mand tht most valuable are books. These
are storehouses of all knowledge, upon
all suojects, always within our reach and
always at our service. Pupils in school
should be taught to use them and be
taught how to use them to the best ad
vantage. This should be one of the main
objects of the teacher. No matter how
great his capacity for imparting knowl
edge directly from himself, he can give
his pupils no instruction of equal value
to that which teaches them to make the
best use of books. The pupil who leaves
school with a love for books, trained to
make the best use of them, and with the
courage, industry and perseverance to dig
into then and lay hold of their treasures,
has an education that is immensely valu
able, which will lead him continually
farther and higher in the ways of life:
but, without this, no matter "how high
his standing in this, his acquirements are
destitute of life and vigor, temporary,
and of comparatively little value. He
lacks the vitality essential to progress
and growth. One cannot stand still after
leaving school; he must either grow or
dwindie.
The pupil at the beginning must of
necessity depend upon the teacher. As
he advances he should become more and
more independent of support. His text
books, especially in the higher grades,
should contain substantially all that he
is required at the time to learn, and in
such form that it can be learned from the
books themselves. And. while it is true
that there is no royal road to learning,
yet the book? should, as far as practic
able, present their subjects in a clear ana
attractive manner, so that the student
should be led to regard books not as
conundrums or task masters, but as
friends and helpers. The teacher should
guide and encourage tue pupil, not so
ihuoh with a view to giving the informa
tion sought as to building up habits of
application, perseverance and self-reli
ance, so that in the end the pupil may be
able ajid willing to walk alone. As a re
suit pupils, on leaving school, might not
have so large a knowledge as might
otherwise be crammed into them, butthey
would have strength, character and hab
its of thought and action of infir.itely
more value. H. GOODCELL.
Oakland.
IN ThjE NfIME Of THE DEAD.
To any one who looks about and listens,
say? a Washington special, it becomes ap
parent that the casus bHli is shifting—
has. indeed, broken aJmost entirely from
its ancient moorings of a holy, humane
and Samaritan war. We do not hear a
great deal now of the reconcentrado and
his wrongs. There is not so much lofty
humanity as there used to be in the war
discourse. In a way, these lines seem to
express the situation and the sentiment
as these now lie:
It is false, and we know St. but blandly pr»
tending.
We move in a line that is never direct, •
And tell of starvation and dream of its ending-.
And ask that cur motives no man shall sus
pect ; •
We say that cur war must be noble and holy.
Nor rising from ire of our own against Spain.
Go to; in our hearts it's revenge, and that
solely.
We fight in the name of the dead of the
nil
Our pity is moved by the stories rehearsing
The rule of the Spaniard, its rapine and
wrone;
And warfare, we say, is our means of d:»-
perslngr
The vultures who glut and who tarry too
long;
Ah, yes. we are human; it ires us and grieves
us
To think on the poor, starving wrecks In
their pain:
But when we say our fight is for them, who
believes us?
It's revenge we're seeking— revenge for the
Maine.
Make end of pretending. From seacoast to j
prairie : :
The hearts of the free beat for "Cuba, the i
free,"
But shall we be silent cf dastards who bury
Our own loyal lads la the grave of the s*a?
This war Is our war and its holiness never
Will seem to be shameful while stost hearts
remain .
To pulse out their lives In an honest eadeavcr
To pay oC and cancel the debt of the Maine,
—Chicago Record.
■ m m
ALL TOGETHER.
We ain't a-huatin* trouble.
But — bless you". — if It comes
We'll answer to the roll call
Of the
Drums!
Drunss!
Drams'.
.We iroa't be under ■weatcer ,
At the plcldn* o' the plums; i
"We'll answer all together
To the f
Drums!
. Drums!
, ■ Drams'.
—Atlanta Canytlmtlosi.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE GOLDENSON ■ HANGING -M.
, r £ ritv Alexander Goldenson was
ESS. SSySBLfIBS"' ""•
for the murder of Mamie jveu*.
DECLARATION OF WAR-M. L.. City.
mthJcnntd State, the power to declare
President. .
all the other questionsjisKea.
THE RAILROAD HOUSE-G. W. R
City. If by your query you mean the old
Railroad House on Commercial rtreet
ber 21, lste.
A WAR PRIZE-S. A. M.. City. If dur
ing a war a vessel of the United States
navy should be captured by the enemj it
would be a war prize of the enemy, Ihe
captors would not be bound to leturnine
vessel after a declaration of peace unites
it was so stipulated in the treaty.
ALPHA AND OMEGA-O. O. Y. b..
City. Alpha is the first letter of tho
Greek alphabet, hence "the first. it is
pronounced alf-a, with the sound of : me
last a as in far; omega is the last letter
of the same alphabet, hence the »*«■
It is pronounced o-me-ga, with me o
sounded as in o in move, c as is sounde
e in abiegate and a as in far.
DEFRAUDING AN INNKEEPER-A.
S.. Martinez, Cal. Any person who ob
tains food or accommodation at an inn
or boarding-house without paying there
for with intent to defraud the proprietor
or manager thereof, or who obtains creaU
at an inn or boarding-house by the u^a
of any false pretense, or who, having ob
tained credit or accommodation at an ing
or boarding-house, absconds and surrep
titiously removes his Daggage there.Tonj
without paying for his food or Sccommo^
dation, is guilty of a misdemeanor.
SLAVERY— G. W., Newville. Cal. H.
N. Casson in "Bliss" Cyclopedia of Social
Reform"' says in the edition of I*ST: Th«
principal centers from which slaves ara
now furnished to Egypt. Persia, Turkey
and Arabia are three in number: (1> Tha
Soudan, south of the Great Desert, seems
to be as yet a vast hunting ground; I^"*J
are annually marched to Fezjan. The
number of slaves in Morocco is about
BO.OQ& <2> The basin of the -Nile, extend
ing toward the Great Lakes. <3> Tha
Portuguese possession on the East Afri
can coast.
EXEMPT FROM ATTACHMENT— O.
S.. City. The law of the State of Califor
nia says of various matters that are ex
empt from attachment: "The earnings
of the judgment debtor for his personal
services rendered at any time within
thirty days next preceding the levy of ex
ecution or attachment, when it appears
by the debtors' affidavit, or otherwise,
that such earnings are necessary for tha
use of his family residing in this State,
supported in whole or in part by his la
bor, but where debts are incurred by any
such person, or his wife or family, fof
the common necessaries of life, one«
half of such earnings are. nevertheless,
subject to execution, garnishment or at
tachment to satisfy debts so incurred.
AX OLD SONG— A correspondent writ
ing from Berkeley furnishes the follow
ing information concerning "An Old
Song." about which another correspond
ent wrote: "Half a century or more ago
the Hutchinson family, Judson. Abba,
John and Asa, gave public concerts
throughout the New England States.
Among their songs was one called "Away
Down East.' of which the quotation
given was the fourth line of the first
verse. The song was sun? by John
Hutchinson. the comedian of the troupe,
who. with younger members of the fam
ily, gave concerts in San Francisco quite
a number of years ago. The song? -
by the quartet were published at a very
early date, and it is possible that they
can *be obtained from some of the old
established publishing houses of Boa
ton."
Chocolate Cream Easter E^s. Townsend's*
■ m ■
Townsend's, 627 Market, Palace Hotel.*
« .» ■
" Peanut taSy best m world.* Townsend's.*
■ » «
For Easter novelties* try Townsend's. •
■ ♦ ■ ' —
Solid cream Easter eegrs, 5c Townsend*
■ ♦ ■
Cream K. ten 10c. Townsend's. •
. ♦ .
A choice present. Townsend's CaL Glace
Fruits, JjOv"". pound in fire-etch boxes. •
■ ♦ ■ — ; :—: —
Little Doctors. Klondike Fairies. Clowns,
Flowers. Birds and other desires in vege
table colors on Easter Esr^s. Townsends.*
• ♦ •
Mission Dolores. Santa Barbara. San Ga
briel. San Carlos and Carmel Fire-etched
on boxes and 1-Ib Cai. Glace Fruit for 75c
Townsend's, Palace Hotel Building. •
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 520 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
- _
Believers in conditional immortality
meet Sunday. April 10, 11 a. m. Subject,
•"Eternai Life"; 3 p. m.. "Is Man Immor
tal?" Pythian Hail, SOS Market street.
All invited. •
The Emperor Wiliam »of Germany ha*
discarded mechanical rowing exercise in
his bathroom for tennis. Even in this re
spect his policy of "thorough" is adhered
to. During the whole of his winter resi
dence in Berlin he has been playing ten
nis for two hours daily at his private
court in the Hohenxollem gardens.
I" yon lack appetite try half a wine class of
Axgosttra Btcte&s hali hour before dinner.
Made by SB. T. G. B. Stegkbt i Sox*.
Throat Diseases ccmsience; with. & Coc*h.
CoW or Sore Throat. "Broim't Brrmehial Tro
cV»" fire immediate at sure relief.
PRIZES FOR DAVY JOKES.
The armada Spain sent against England
had at least the merit of greatly outnum
bering the "English fleet- It is quite differ
ent with the quixotic armada which Spain
threatens to dispatch to far-off America
to attack a much larger fleet. The first
armada went to Davy Jones, and the sec
ond, in the nature of thins*, can hardly
fare better.— Globe-Democrat.EACTER MUSIC.
fy\ VSIC has come to be regarded
I I I as a part of Easter Sunday.
I Aside from the tender sentiment
\ I marking the anniversary, a sen
timent which it seems to carry
to the heart of the devout, it has a be
nign and chastening influence on every
hearer. "Within sacred walls, where the
nir is tivmukms with melody, there
seems no- place for the sordid or the
mean. Unconsciously the better im
pulses are stirred; the song is glorified
Into an invocation; the tone of the or
gan is an appeal. None go away save
with a sense of having been uplifted.
.Perhaps it is in part for the good it
nay do and in part for the happiness
It may give that music has been made
po important a feature of the Easter
service. This year the preparations are
even more elaborate and complete than
In former years, although the reputa
tion of San Francisco churches for
high class music has long been estab
lished. To-morrow the great cathedral
organs will respond to the touch of
masters, and anthems will rise in
churches all over the city. To all who
love melody there is in store a season
of elevating pleasure, and few there are
who do not love it.
Among the programmes arranged are
the following:
Emmanuel Baptist.
Organ prelude; anthem. "Christ Is Risen"
(Dudley Buck), choir; alto solo, Mrs. J. M.
IVt>! . response, "The Lord's Prayer"; hymn,
"All Hall the Power"; offertory notices; bary
tone solo. "Sw*et Lilies" (Lowry), Hey. J.
George Gibson; "Easter Lilies" (Danders),
choir; hymn, "My Faith Looks Up to Thee";
benediction; organ prelude: anthem, "O, Won
derful Easter Morn" (Dean), choir; hymn,
•Come, Thou Incarnate Word"; tenor solo,
llr. W. Heam; quartet. "The Heavens Are
Telling" (AM). Miss Mabel Craig. Miss Cor
nelia Flood, Mr. E. A. Cutting, Mr. W.
Hearn: -Hosanna." solo. Mrs. M. E. Galla
horn; chorus, choir; hymn, "Nearer, My God,
to Thee"; barytone solo, "The Light of the
World" (Adams), Rev. J. George Gibson.
Corpus Christi.
The following choir under the direction of
Miss M. Rodgers will render Yon la Haehe's
t>eautiful "Mlssa pro Pace." Sopranos, Messrs.
J. Rottanzi, Argenti, Misses M. Risso and N.
Thompson; tenors, Mrs. George Matulich and
W Cereghino; contraltos. Misses L. Vlantin
and K. Danerl: bassos. Mr. Henry W. Swords,
Edward Loughery and Joseph Broyer. At 4
o'clock p. m. there will be vespers and beno
(Jictlon, accompanied by the morning choir.
Our Lady of Guadaloupe.
The solemn high mass will take place at
m., during which Gounod's ecclesias
t»cal n.ass of the "Sacred- Heart" will be
!>;;r.K by the following members of the choir:
Eopr&nos, Mrs. B. I'umarona, Misses S. Rot
tanzt A. AcOStA, A. Buckley and J. and A.
I'erez; altos, Mrs. 1.. Steffani. Mrs. S. Arr.l
la»:a. Missel N. O'Rourke. F. Cabazos and H.
Andrad'-: tonnrp. Dr. F. Bonlno, F. Loaiza and
p. I'alamme: bassos. H. Basford. J. Sanchez
end 1". Rodriguez. At the offertory the "Hal
lelujah ■• by Eslava will be rendered. The
piano accompaniment will be tnistaiiW by Miss
E. Arrlllaga. Organist and musical director,
S. Arrillaga.
Our Lady of Victoires.
The well-known choir of the church will exe
cute a mass specially prepared for the occa-
Fi n. Merrartante's mass in A; at the offertory,
the "Refflna Coeli" of Lamhillotte. Professor
F. Martinez will play the organ. Miss Helene
Hefrnn. soprano; Miss Reine Hickey. con
tralto; Mr. Tissot, tenor; J. McAuliffe, bass.
St. Ignatius.
Mass, Bernini; offertory piece, "Regina
Coell." Cagliero. Evening service: "Vespers
Mae-niflcat." Cagllero; motett. "Regina Coeli,"
Cagllero; prayer to God; barytone solo; Tan
turn Krg-o; tenor solo, with chorus, Nava.
F"r. Coltellj will direct the choir. Maurice
:,-;il will preside at the organ and render
selections from "Felippo Capoccl."
St. Joseph's.
Th» Kyrie, Gloria, Credo and Sanctus from
Cagliero's grand mass; the Agnus Del from
niorzas mass; at the offertory, "Regtna Coell"
by Qlorxa; at benediction will be sung "O
Salutarls." by Rossini; "Tamum Ergo," by
Rrsslni. The choir will consist as follows; So
pranos, Miss naribel Leffler and Miss Ethel
Isabella Smith; altos, Mrs. Helen Kelly and
JUss Etta O'Brien; tenors, D. F. Gllf ether, An
COSILY ERROR
IN THIS BILL
Refunding Bonds of Cities
and Towns May Be
Invalidated.
Mistake in a Measure Which
Passed California's
Senate.
Many Sections of the Statute Repealed
When the Act Became
a Uw.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April B.— A very in
teresting and probably a very serious
question has arisen in connection with
the passage of what is known as Sen
ate Bill No. 441, introduced in the last
passion of the Legislature by Senator
Bulla, passed and approved by the Gov
ernor on March 9, 1897. The act pro
vides for the refunding of indebtedness
of incorporated cities and towns by the
issuance of bonds therefor, and pro
vides for the payment thereof. The
general provisions of the act enable any
mon Council, Board of Trustees or
governing body of any city or
town, other than cities of the first
class, to fund cr refund any indebted
ness, by issuing bonds. After specify
ing certain restrictions and conditions
the act concludes with the following
sections:
Sec. 4. Chapter eighty-two of the Stat
utes of eighteen hundred and eighty
three, chapter forty-eight of the statutes
of eighteen hundred and ninety-three, and
chapter one hundred and seventy-six of
the statutes of eighteen hundred and
ninety-five, all being laws of the State o*
California In conflict herewith are hereby
repealed.
Sec. 6. This act shall take effect and be
in force immediately after its passage.
Herein lies the difficulty and is the
cause of much uneasiness on the part of
many cities and towns throughout the
State. It will be observed that chapter
48 of the statutes of 1893 is repealed, or
at least an attempt is m le to do so.
Now it is very evident from an exam
ination of that statute that such was
not the intention of the Legislature.
"Under chapter 47 are the sections which
were intendeu to be nullified. Some
mistake was evidently made by some
one and the question now ariaea, What
will be the effect?
Ir under this act of 1897 the sections
of chapter 48 are repealed there is no
law by which cities and towns of Cali
fornia containing more than 3000 and
less than 10.000 inhabitants can incur
an indebtedness for the construction of
■water works, sewers and all other pub
lic Improvements. If there are cities
and towns which have under that sec
tion Incurred sue' an indebtedness the
drew McCurda and Philip Murphy; bassos,
F. P. Scolllns and John J. Lernien; organist
and director, P. J. O' Sullivan.
St. Mary's.
Solemn high mass will he Fling at 11 a. m.,
! at which Mozart's "Twelfth Mass" will be ren
1 dered by a choir of fifty voices, with organ and
stringed orchestra accompaniment. The vocal
soloists will be: Soprano, Mrs. Noonan: con
tralto. Miss Josephine Murphy, tenor, Signor
, Fernandous; basso. William Gordon. Before
the mass the orchestra, under the direction of
! Eugene E. Sohmidt, will render various selec
' tlons and Immediately after the macs the choir
will give the "Reglna Coeli," by Glorza, solo
and chorus.
St. Paul's.
Masses at 7, S:3O. 9:30 and 10:30 o'clock. Dur
ing the early masses Easter anthems .will be
pung by the different sodalities connected with
the church. At the 10:30 service Millard's
mass in B flat will be rendered by the follow
ing members of the choir: Sopranos— Mrs. Mc-
Kee-Wllz. Miss May Kellly; altos— Miss M. F.
Code. Miss Helen Carr; tenors— B. Borondo. W .
Healy; basso— E. Bournlzeau; organist-Miss
Amelia F. Quir.n. For an offertory Battman's
"Retina Coeli' will be sung by St. Paul's
boys' surpllced choir. In the evening vespers
will be chanted by the young men any boys'
choral, led by Professor S. J. Sandy.
St. Rose's.
Mozart's "Twelfth Mass," Weber's mass In
O, and Lejeal's "Third Mass." The offertory
will be "O, Salutaris" (duet by Curto). sung
by Messrs. Perron and Lane. "Allelulia," by
Lamblllotte. will be sung before mass begins.
The following ladies and gentlemen compose
the choir: Miss Nugent. Miss Klllgariff, Miss
Russel, Miss Walsh, Miss Dv Hosse. Miss Me-
Clellan, Miss Derby and Miss McCreagh, Mrs.
Coret and Mrs. Treacey, Mr. Perron, Mr. Lane,
Mr. Donovan and Mr. O'Brien. Mrs. T. J.
Moynihan will preside at the organ.
St. Teresa's.
Rev. Father Browne will sing the high mass.
The offertory will be "Requiem Coeli." by
Warner, and the "Benedlctus," by Stern, both
of which will be rendered by the choir. ±ne
following artists will comprise the choir on this
occasion: Sopranos— Mrs. O'Connell, Miss Nel
lie Boyle, Miss Lennon, Miss M. O'Connor.
First Christian.
Organ voluntary, "Hallelujah, He Is Risen"
(Charles H. Fillmore), chorus; hymn, "Jesus
Lives" (Mrs. H. E. Jones), congregation: solo,
F. S. Brown; hymn, "Hosanna," congregation;
offertory: solo, "Ashamed of Jesus" (James
Fields, Frank S. Ford; hymn, "Come to Me."
congregation; closing hymn: benediction. 7:45
p. m— Organ voluntary: "Hallelujah" (J. B.
Powell), chorus; "Golden Harps Are Sound
ing," congregation: Psalm 91. collect; "The
Golden Gates Are Lifted Up," chorus: prayer;
duo, -Risen for Me." Mrs. F. S. Ford and
Mrs. F. T. Prebble; invitation, "How Can I
But Love Him?" congregation; hymn. "Give
Ye to Jehovah." congregation; offertory; Miz
pah; benediction.
First Congregational.
Organ prelude; introlt. "Awake, Glad Soul.
Awake" iHolden); Invocation; responsive read
ing, all standing; doxology; Scripture lesson;
Easter anthem, "Christ Our Passover" (Schil
ling); pastoral prayer; bass solo, with violin
obligate, "The Lord Is Risen" (Uanslne);
hymn, "Rise, Glorious Conqueror, Rise," No.
371 (Brydge); offertory. "Angels Roll the Rock
Away" (Hawley). for soprano with violin obll
gato; sermon, theme, "It Began to Pawn," by
the pastor; prayer; anthem, "This Is the Day
the Lord Hath Made" (.Simper); benediction;
organ postlude.
Park Congregational.
Soprano solo from "Creation," "With Verd
ure Clad the Fields Appear" (Haydn). Miss
Carolyn D. Roper; trio from "The Redemp
tion" (Gounod>, "The Lord Is Risen Again."
Misses Else Prlber, Budd Friedlander and Es
telle Davidson; tenor bolo, "The Lord Is
Risen" (Schnecker), H. Bradley Simth, with
violin obligate by A. yon Benzon; anthem.
"They Have Taken Away My Lord" fStalner),
by the double quartet, consisting of the fol
lowing: Sopranos. Mrs. W. E. Boyer and Miss
Carolyn D. Roper: altos. Miss Estelle Davidson
and Miss Lou Feldhelm: tenons lrwin A. Mc-
Davtd and F. B. BOTOnda; bassos. Lawrence
Albert! and H. C. Closson. For evening serv
ice—An Easter cantata. "The Risen King."
by the children; anthem, "Hosanna in the
Highest" (?talner); soprano solo "Hosvina"
ijules Granier). Mrs. W. E. Boyer. Professor
W. 11. Degenhard. orgraniat: Baroness Anna
yon Meyerinck, choir directress.
Plymouth Congregational.
11 o'clock— Organ prelude, ißarnett); dox
ology. In unison, (Old Hundred): anthem,
"Christ, Our Passover" (Shepperd); quartet,
"As It Began to Dawn" (Barnes); anthem,
"Hark 1 . Hark', the Notes of Joy" (Schnecker);
alto solo, "Hail Easter Morn," with violin
obligato (Marzo): offertory, violin solo, "An
dante E Flat Concerto" < Mozart); hymn. No.
Xl; hymn. No. 336; postlude. (Lelter). 7:30
o'clock— Organ prelude. (Guilmant): anthem,
"Awake, Thou That Sleepest" (Maker); tenor
I validity of the obligation is certainly
questionable.
The mistake was discovered in the
Secretary of State's office to-day, and
1 there is no doubt that the discovery
will cause great uneasiness in many
! communities where public improve
i rnents have been contracted for under
j the law of 1893 or have been in contem
plation.
Private Secretary Shields of the Gov
ernor's office acknowledged that the
matter had not been brought before
him until to-day, but he had not as yet
made an examination nor had he dis
cussed it with the Governor. He was
inclined to the belief that Governor
Budd had not approved a bill which re
pealed another, not contemplated by
the Legislature or sanctioned by him.
Mr. Shields, in speaking off-hand, said
that he did not believe, in the first
place, that a former act of the Legisla
ture could be repealed in a subsequent
act by the mere designation of the
chapter. The act of 1897, in attempting
to repeal the act of 1893, referred to the
latter act by simply designating the
chapter. This, in Mr. Shields' opinion,
is not sufficient, as the chapter is not a
division contemplated by the constitu
tion or a division indicated by the Leg
islature.
The bills, when they reach the Gov
ernor, have been passed by the House
and Senate and signed by the Speaker
and President of the respective bodies.
The word "chapter" does not appear
i upon them until they have become laws
by the final approval of the Governor.
i As they are signed, the executive sec
i retaries designate them by chapters,
and in that shape they are bound. They
would be the law of the land just the
same were there no such a designation,
i and in fact such a division is merely a
; matter of convenience and forms no
vital requisite to the validity of any
statute. This being true, Mr. Shields
i claims that no act can be repealed by
a mere reference to the chapter.
If Mr. Shields is correct there has
been no repeal of the law of 1893, neith
er in respect to the issuance of bonds
! under chapter XLVII nor in respect to
the construction of water works and
other improvements under chapter
XLVIII. But as the first mentioned
act is by the construction of statutes
repealed by the subsequent conflict, it
will no doubt be claimed that the one
stands while the other falls. This po
sition may be correct, but it is to be
hoped that many statutes repealed in
the past have not been disposed of by
the mere reference to the chapter; be
cause if they have, under Mr. Shields 1
Interpretation they are still in force.
It is a matter which will no doubt
be determined properly, but in the
meantime many communities will be
disturbed. During this period of un
certainty the question will naturally
be asked, Who is to blame? A repre
sentative from the office of the Secre
tary of State and The Call correspond
ent examined ihe original bill of Mr.
Bulla, and found that there had been
no mistake in the enrollment. The bill
as drawn by Mr. Bulla repealed or at
tempted to repeal chapter XLVIII of
the statutes of 1893, when it should
have repealed or attempted to repeal
chapter XLVII of the statutes of 1893.
More Hydrants Asked For.
The Fire Commissioners have requested
the Supervisors to establish twenty-one
new fire hydrants in various parts of the
city. The recommendation includes five
new hydrants for one block on Sutter
street, as follows: Two on opposite
corners of Sutter and Powell; one In the
middle of the block, toward Mason, and
two more at the intersection of the latter
street.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
solo, "Lord. Vouchsafe Thy Loving Kindness"
(Kossinl); quartet. "In the End of the Sab
bath" (Schnecker); duet, "Crowns of Glory"
(Murray); anthem, "It Is a Good Thing to
Give Thanks" (Goury); soprano solo, "Come
Let Us Rejoice." with "cello obllgato (Bleder
mann); quartet, "Faintly and Soft," (Schneck
er); offertory, "Air Religleuse," violin solo
(Gotterman); anthem, "Fill the Font "With
Roses" (Warren); hymn, No. 358; hymn, No.
3tf4; recessional march (Bendlx).
Third Congregational.
Morning service — Organ prelude, Miss Kate
Hutchinson; "Joyous Easter Morning" (Oli
ver), choir; call to worship; doxology; Lord's
prayer; "Te Deum" (Holden); responsive
reading. Fifty-first Psalm; organ strain; "Glo
ria"; baptism and reception of members;
Hymn 190, "Hark, Ten Thousand Harps and
Voices"; Scripture, Mark xvi, I Corinthians
xv; "The Glad Easter Morning" (Lynes):
prayer; announcements; offertory, "Allelujah"
(Morris), Mrs. William Taylor, sermon by the
pastor, subject, "How Are the Dead Raised?"
Hymn 96, "All Hall the Power of Jesus'
Name"; benediction; organ postlude, Miss
Hutchinson.
Evening service— Organ prelude, Miss Kate
Hutchinson; "O, Hall Him" (L'pham), choir;
responsive reading, Ninetieth Psalm; "Come,
Ye Faithful" (Fisher), choir; Scripture read
ing, Phil. Hi; violin solo, "Andante" (Men
delssohn , Mr. Hother Wimer; prayer; "As
Sleep Takes Flight" (Shelley), choir; notices
and offertory; "Hosannah" (Grenier), Mrs.
Anna yon Mayerinck; address, "The Easter
Prayer." Phil. Hi, 10; Hymn 410, "Hail Thou
God of Grace and Glory"; "Hallelujah, Christ
Is Risen" (Clare), choir; benediction; organ
postlude, Miss Hutchinson.
Church of the Advent.
Anthem, "Christ Our Passover," Morning
ton; Gloria Patri, Gladstone; Te Deum,
Smart; Jubilate, Garrett; amen, Bell; proces
sional, "Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day," Mor
gan; lntroit, "Angels Roll the Rock Away,"
Hoper; Kyrle, Gounod; Gloria Tibi, Garrett;
Credo, Tours; hymn. "The Day of Resurrec
tion," Tours; offertorlum, "As It Began to
Dawn," Vincent; presentation, Humphrey;
Sursum Corda, Camidge; Sanctus, Gounod;
Benedictus. Gcunod; hymn, "Bread of the
World," Hodges; Agnus Del, Gounod; Gloria
in Excelsis, Tours; Nunc Dlmlttis, Blow; bell
Amen; retrocessional, "The Strife Is O'er,"
Palestrina. Soloists, Masters Albert Haynes,
Melvin Williams and George Ireland: W. G.
Loveland, tenor; George R. King, organist;
Henry Klrke White Jr., choirmaster and mu
sical director.
Good Samaritan Mission.
Morning service— Processional hymn, "Alle
luia, Sins To-Day," Roney; Easter anthem,
Humphrey; "'Gloria Patrl" (new), Brown;
Te Deum In D, Woodward; Jubilate, King;
hymn, "Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day," Mor
gan; Kyrie. Tours; Gloria Tlbi, Tallis; Ni
cene Creed, Best; hymn, "The Strife Is O'er,"
Palestrina; offertory solo, "The King of
Glory," Coombs; anthem, "Why Seek Ye?"
Clare; presentation hymn: Sursum Corda, Ca
mldge; Sanctus, Garrett; hymn, "Jesus to Thy
Table," Sullivan: Agnus Dei, Gounod: "Gloria
In Excelsis," old chant; "Nunc Dimittis,"
Gower; recessional hymn. "Christ, the Lord,
Is Risen To-day," Plunkett. Evening service-
Processional hymn, Roney; choral service;
"Gloria Patrl." Kettle; Magnificat, Clarke
Whitfield: "Nunc Dimittis," Clarke Whitfleld;
anthem, "Why Seek Ye?" Clare; carol, "When
the Easter Morning." Marsh; "Gloria Patrl."
Brown; carol. "Sing. O Earth, God's Praises."
Backus; offertory, "Sins Sweet Carols, Night
Is Past," Whlteley: presentation, "Old Hun
dred"; carol, ■'Alleluia. Christ Is Risen,"
Buck; recessional hymn, "Angels Roll the
Rock Away," Roper.
Grace Episcopal
"Kyrie," In G, Holt; "Gloria Tibl," Tallis;
offertory, duet, soprano and alto, "He Is
Risen." Myles Foster; "Sanctus," Taylor;
"Gloria In Excelsls," Old Chant; "Nunc Di
mittis," Blow.
The regular morning service will consist of
the second celebration of Holy Communion
and sermon by the rector. Opening anthem.
"Awake Thou That Sleepest," Maker: "Christ,
Our Passover," Tours; "Kyrie." Mendelssohn,
"Te Deum and Jubilate," in D, Buck; offer
tory, "He Is Risen." Schnecker: "Sanctus,"
Taylor; "Gloria In Excelsis," Old Chant.
Full cathedral service 7:45 i>. m. Psalter,
twenty-fifth selection, chanted; "Cantate." in
G, Buck; "Deus Miserare," Warren; anthem,
"The Tomb Shall Hold Him No Longer."
Blodjett; offertory, "For Xow Is Christ Risen,"
Nevin; organ postlude, "Grand Offertorie," in
D, Batiste.
The members of the choir are: First ten
ors—Messrs Rhys Thomas. Wendell and Law
rence: second tenors— Messrs. Messmer, Jones
and FoFsey; first bassos— Messrs. Homer Hen
ley, Wanie, Holt, Kossey and_ Hennlng: sec
ond bassos— Messrs. Mora. Williams, Hooke,
Hewitt and Hammond; organist and director,
William H. Holt.
Simpson Memorial.
Morning service: Organ voluntary, Sewell
Bogart; opening chorus, "Ring, Ye Easter
Bells," choir and Sunday-school: prayer, pas
tor; duet with quartet refrain, "Beautiful
Lily," chdir; welcome address, Master Sammy
Burton; song. "Tell the Story," primary class:
exercises, "What Say the Lilies," Lottie Mall
GERMANY'S IRON
HAND IN CHINA
Gains a Concession for
Constructing Another
Railway.
Russia Asks That It Be Permit
ted to Lay a Line From
Port Arthur.
: Mint to Be Established at Vladivo
stok for the Coinage of
Silver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April B.— The Oriental liner
Olympia arrived here to-day, having
been detained at quarantine three days
on account of a smallpox patient put
ashore in Japan. The Olympia brings
advices up to March 18.
Besides the railway concessions al-
I ready procured from China, Germany
: has acquired another for the laying of
! a railway between Chinampho and
I Ichow.
The steamship Shukuga Maru foun
dered off the coast of Setana on March
9. The passengers are said to be safe.
A fire at Hiratsuka Machl destroyed
101 houses.
Minchhong-Mok, who granted to
Russia the lease of a coaling-station
on Deer Island, having become foreign
Minister of Korea, all the other Minis
ters of State have tendered their resig
nations. They have not, however, been
accepted, and the Ministers of the other
state departments have impeached
Minchhong-Mok. Mm will probably be
dismissed from office.
Russia has made a request that she
should be conceded the privilege of lay
ing the Liao Tung Railway, terminat
ing in Port Arthur.
The » British Government has ap
pointed Consul-General Jordan as Brit
ish Minister to Korea,
Kirn Hong Miuk has been appointed
Governor of Seoul.
Six hundred Formosa rebels attacked
a gendarmie barracks at Kimpori, but,
after a short engagement with troops
sent from Kelung, were dispersed.
During the trial trip of the new
Tenyu Maru the wind arose and the
vessel keeled over, filled and sank.
Eleven persons were drowned.
The Russian Government is preparing
for the establishment of a mint at
Vladivostok for the purpose of coining
silver rubles for the payment of wages
on the Manchurian railway.
A Maternity Home Reopens.
The San Francisco Lying-in Hospital
will again open Its doors, at 913 Golden
Gate avenue, to-day. The place has been
thoroughly renovated and fitted and fur-
stratt, Edna Duncan. Edna Blcknell. Lida '
Wlckes; song, "Joyous Easter Bells." primary ,
class; Easter gifts, recitation, "Cnto Me,"
Leta Lages; followed with recitations by Ar
thur Van Pelt, Arthur Eaton and the primary j
class; song, "The Children's Glad Day," prl- |
mary class; hymn, "Jesus Shall Reign," choir. •
Sunday-school and congregation; ' responsive
reading, "Easter Selections," superintendent ,
and Sunday-school; song. "Hail to Thee, Risen ;
Jesus," choir and school; recitation, "All
Hail," Elsie Tilton; chorus. "He Is Risen," j
choir and school; recitation, "Blow, Gold- •
en Trumpets, " Fred Bakin; chorus, "Ho- !
sanna to Jesus," choir and school; responsive ;
reading, pastor and school; solo, "Joy Comes i
With the Morning," Nettie Duncan; recitation,
"Spring Is Here," Beatrice Johns; Long, "If
Ye Then Be Risen," choir and school; address, ;
pastor; song, "Lite In the Morning," choir and
lohool; ottartory; closing song, "Joyfully j
Sing," choir and school: bendictlon.
Evening service: Organ voluntary, Sewell i
Bogart; chorus, "Ring, Ring, Easter Bells." i
choir and Sunday-school; descriptive reading,
pastor; anthem. "Come, See the Place" (Reed),
choir; hymn, congregation; prayer, pastor; an
them. "Christ, Our Passover" (Shepperd), choir !
psalm, responsive, pastor and congregation; j
anthem, "The Day of Resurrection" (Schneck- i
er), choir; hymn, "Ashamed of Jesus." Sun- !
day-school and congregation; offertory; ad- i
dress, pastor; anthem, "The Resurrection" j
(Shelly), choir; organ postlude, Mr. Bogart.
St. Patrick's.
"Vide Aquam" (Southard Wilcox); "Festival
Mass" (Haydn's Sixth); "Haec Dies," offer
torlum (Southard Wilcox); "Venl Creator"
(George Koppltz). At 7:30 p. m. M. Steam's
"Vespers" will be sung.
St. Peter's.
Solemn high mass will be celebrated at 10:30
a. In. A choir of twenty-five voices, under the
direction ot Miss Marie Coonan, organist, will
sing Gounod's "Messe Solennelle." The soloists
will be:
Sopranos— Miss Annie Roney, Miss Emma
Krelling, Miss E. Welch. Miss A. Cain; altos-
Miss Ella Kreig, Miss L. Riordan, Miss A.
Kendrick, Miss M. Malone and Miss A. Sul
livan; tenors— Thomas Nowlan and Charles Ye
noor; bassos— Charles Deane, J. Edminster, J.
Hickey.
The chorus will be reinforced by the Vesper
Choir. Miss Roney will sing the offertory,
Tschaikowsky's "Regina Coell," with flute ob
llgato played by Louis Burrls. Mass will be
Immediately followed by benediction of the
most blessed sacrament, during which Messrs.
Nowlan mid Deane will sing Gabriel's "O,
Salutaris," and Rosewigs "Tantnm Ergo" will
be sung by the full choir.
St. Brigid's.
The "Pro Pace Mass," by Theodore yon la
Hache, will be rendered by an enlarged choir
and orchestra under the baton of Mme. Ellen
Coursen-Roeckel. The solos will be sung by
Mrs. H. Lewis and Miss Grace Merry, sopra
nos; Senorlta Andrea Mojlca and Mile. Elena
Roeckel, altos; Ed Lotz, tenor, and Charles
Pechin, basso. Mme. Coursen-Roeckel will sing
the "Et Incarnatus Est" and Handel's "Lau
dttte Dominum," with full chorus. Joseph
Roeckel organist.
Church of the Holy Spirit.
Opening hymn, "Glad Tidings," by the
school; prayer, by the superintendent, R. Hal
lowell; song, "Jesus Lives Again"; duet, "The
Little Missionaries"; song, "Hall to the Risen
Jesus," by the school.
Evening— Opening hymns, "Glad Tidings,"
"Hail to the Risen Jesus," by the school; duet,
"Hosanna to Jesus." by Emma Opperman and
Carmalita Freeman: song, "My Shepherd
Walks Beside Mo." by Lizzie McGrath ; songs,
"Jesus Lives Again" and "Joy Comes With
the Morning": quartet, "Sweet Easter Lily."
by Miss Johnston, Mr .and Mrs. Stevens and
Mr. McArthur; duet "Hosanna to Jesus,"
Miss Opperman and Miss Freeman: solo, "My
Shepherd Waiks Beside Me." Lizzie McGrath;
song, "Joy Cometh In the Morning," chorus of
girls.
Park Congregational Church.
Soprano solo from "Creation," "With Ver
dure Clad the Fields Appear," Miss Carolyn
D. Roper (Haydn); trio from "The Redemp-'
tlon" (Gounod). "The Lord Is Risen Again,"
Misses Else Prlber, Budd Friedlander and Es
telle Davidson; tenor solo. "The Lord Is
Risen" (S-hnecker)). Mr. 11. Bradley Smlrti;
violin oblipato by Mr. A. yon licnzon: an
them. "They Have Taken Away My Lord"
I (Stalner), by the double quartet: sopranos —
' Mrs. W. E. Boyer and Mtss Carolyn D. Roper;
j altoe — Miss Estelle Davidson and Miss Lou
Feldheim; tenors— Mr. Irvln A. McDavld and
F ti. Boronda: ba?sos— Mr. Lawrence Albertl
and Mr. H. C. Clopson.
For evening service — An Easter cantata,
"The Risen King," by the children: anthem,
"Hosanna, in the Highest" (Stainer); no
prano solo, "Hosanna" (Jules Granier), by
' Mrs. W. E. Boyer; Professor W. H. Degenhard
organist: Baroness Anna yon Meyerinck choir
directress.
First Presbyterian.
Morning— Organ prelude (Guilmaunt): doxol
ogy; creed; "Gloria," by the ciolr; the "Lord's
Prayer"; anthem, "Awake. Thou That Sleep
est" (Goodrich); Scripture reading; hymn No.
371, "Riße, Glorious Conqueror, Rise"; solo.
"Triumphant Love" (Vinal), Dr. Graham;
prayer; sentence by the choir; hymn No. 343,
"The Head That Once Was Crowned With
Thorns"; offertory, "My Soul on Wings of
Glory" (Faure), Mrs. Cushman: sermon by
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, P. P.; anthem, "Fill
the Font with Roses" (Warren); benediction;
organ postlude, "Easter March" (Merkel).
Evening praise service — Organ prelude (Yolk
manner. The management has been in
trusted to a superintendent and medical
staff— visiting physicians and consult
ants—who bring to this work experience
gained in many years of successful labor
of a similar kind. The lady selected for
chief nurse has filled a like position in
the Florence Crittenton Home, maternity
department, for the last seven years.
SOCIETY AT A PANSY TEA.
The Place of Meeting Was Profusely
Decorated With Wild Flowers.
The Ladies' Aid Society of Cooper
Memorial Congregational, Sunset dis
trict, gave a "Pansy Tea" last Thursday
at the residence of Mrs. W. H. Jones, 1348
Eleventh avenue, in aid of the church,
the first established south of Golden
Gate Park.
The spacious rooms were profusely dec
orated with wild flowers of every variety,
and a bountiful repast was served in the
dining room, the tables of which were
beautifully ornamented with pansies and
California poppies.
During the tea the guests were pleas
antly entertained by the following ladies
and gentlemen: Miss Lillian Rhodes,
recitation; Mr. Harrington and Mrs.
Clark, duet; Rev." Harry Perkes and Mrs.
Perkes sang several hymns and thgre
was singing by a quartet composed of
Mrs. Lillie, Miss Lou Ewald, Mr. Perkes
and Mr. Harrington. The following were
noticed as being present: Mrs. J. Rhodes,
Mrs. Rosenberg, Mrs. Harry Perkes, Mrs.
Nordhausen. Mrs. Hcnken, Mrs. Shu
bert, Mrs. Dr. Jones, Mrs. Cox, Mrs.
Charles Cushman, Mrs. R. Keller, Mrs.
Hallet, Mrs. A. Harrington, Mrs. Clark,
Mrs. G. Makinson, Mrs. Beck, Mrs. Mar
quart, Mrs. Hoffman, Mrs. Tompkins,
Mrs. E. Ewald, Mrs. W. H. Jones, Mrs.
W. H. Lillie, Miss Lillian Rhodes, Miss
Bessie Fidders. Miss Florence Harvey,
Miss May Meadowcraft, Miss Lou
Ewald, Miss Alice Perkes, Miss Freda
Marquart, Florence Harrington, Mabel
Jones, Rose Makinson, Mabel Salßbury,
Maggie Foley, Grade Bell, Alma Ken
nedy, Irene Harrington, Hazel Bell,
Annie Steinberg, Rosie Dletz; Rev.
Harry Perkes, Messrs. W. M. Jones, Mr
Belzer, Richard Keller. J. Harris, Ed
ward Ewald, H. Steinberg, William
Schmidt, George Green, George Harvey,
Gus Fuchs, Will Makinson, Ralph Har
nish, William Bell, H. Jones, Louis Nord
hausen, George Makinson, L. Betz, David
Meadowcraft and Charles Cushman.
Town Talk.
This week's Issue of the favorite weekly
contains some especially interesting Saun
terer stories about people we know:
School Director "Waller, Jim Murphy, the
late Mrs. Emerlck. Lieutenant Milton, U.
S. N., Herr Stark. Grant Carpenter, a
wealthy Central American and his fian
cee, Henri Marteau and others. Clergy
men will be interested in the editorial dis
cussion upon certain late sermons preach
ed here upon the war subject. Miss Grace
Sherry is portraitized, and there is the
usual budget of stage and music, society
and club chat. •
MEMORIAL DAY.
Preliminary Steps Taken by the
Grand Army for Its Ob
servance.
At a meeting of Lincoln Post, G. A. R.,
held last Thursday night. Post Com
mander C. J. Handley was authorized to
call a meeting of post commanders in this
city for the purpose of taking the pre
liminary steps in the matter of properly
observing Memorial day this year.
It is probable that the post commander
will call the meeting for next Thursday
evening, when the matter will be fully
discussed.
Free, 1 month's treatment. New cur*. Asthma
cured to eta/ cured. Dr. Gordln, 614 Fine et.
mar); chorus, "O, Give Thanks Unto the Lord"
(Watson); Invocation; hymn No. 339, "All Hail
the Power of Jesus' Name": Scripture reading;
solo. "He Is Risen. He Is Risen" (Schnecker);
Mrs. Riggs; pra-er; sentence by the choir;
chorus. "Allelujah! Christ Is Risen" (Shelley);
hymn No. 361. "Crown His Head With End
less Blessing"; organ solo, "Offertory" (Ba
tiste); offertory. The Resurrection" (Shelley);
Mr. Mcßride; address by Rev. Edwin Hart
Jenks; chorus, "Christ Our Passover ' (Schnec
ker): benediction: orean postlude (Raff).
Otto vielssner is the organist and choirmas
ter, ana the choir is composed of Mrs. Don
Pnrdee Riggs, soprano; Mrs. Olive Reed-Cush
man, contralto; Dr. Gilbert F. Graham, tenor;
Geor<-e P. Mcßride, bass, and a chorus of
twenty voices.
Howard Presbyterian.
Organ prelude, "Et Resurrexit," from first
mass, Mozart; doxology, "Old Hundred"; an
them, "As It Began to Dawn," Vincent;
hymn, "Rise, Glorious Conqueror." Giardini;
offertory, soprano solo, "I Know That My Re
deemer Llveth," from "Messiah," Handel;
hymn, "Christ, Above All Glory Seated,"
Root; quartet, "The Day of Resurrection,"
Vogrich; hymn, "Hark, Ten Thousand Harps,"
Mason; organ postlude, "Coronation March,"
Svendsen. Evening— Organ prelude, "Marche
Celebre." from First Suite, Lachner; anthem,
"Awake, Thou That Sleepest," Goodrich;
hymn, "Come, Every Pious Heart," Edson;
offertory, alto solo. "The King of Glory."
Coombs; hymn, "Hail to the Lord's Anointed,"
Webb; organ postlude. "Grand Hallelujah,"
Schubert. The members of the choir are: Mrs.
Susie Hert Mark, Miss Cecilia Decker, Bur
bank G. Somers and Charles E. Ker. Wil
liem F. Hooke is the organist and musical di
rector.
Trinity Presbyterian.
Organ prelude, "Lift Up Your Heads" (Mes
siah); quartet, "Christ the Lord Is Risen"
(Havens); hymn 190; Scripture lesson, Mark,
sixteenth chapter; soprano solo, "Glory to God"
(Rotoll); hymn 194; sermon, "The Power of
Christ's Resurrection"; quartet, "As Sleep
Takes Flight" (Shelley); hymn 457; organ post
lude, "March Romaine" (Gounod). 7:45 p. m.—
The Golden Gate Commandery will attend the
services in a body; organ prelude; commandery
pervice led by the prelate; quartet, "Roll the
Rock Away" (Havens); the Easter psalm;
Scripture lesson, John, twentieth chapter;
quartet, "Jesus Lives" (Schnecker); hymn,
"All Hall the Power of Jesus' Name"; prayer
by the pastor; offertory; barytone solo, "Ho
sanna" (Grafiler); hymn. "The Day of Resur
rection" (Webb); sermon by the pastor; con
tralto solo, "The Lord Is Risen" (Sullivan);
hymn, "Jerusalem, My Happy Home"; the
requiem; long meter doxology; organ postlude,
"Unfold Ye Portals Everlasting" (Gounod's
Redemption).
First Unitarian.
Orgran prelude, "Old Easter Melody," J. E.
West; anthem, "As It Began to Dawn," Myles
Foster; soprano solo and chorus, "Every
Flower That Bloometh," Shelley; anthem,
"God Hath Appointed a Day," Tours; Easter
carol, "Sweetly the Birds Are Singing," Dra
per; offertory, barytone solo, "Hosanna," Gra
nier; anthem, "Praise the Lord," Randegger;
organ postlude, "Lavs Deo," Dubois. Choir-
Sopranos, Miss Clara Atkin, Miss Lena Hach
meister, Miss Ellen Marks; altos, Mrs. Robert
Lloyd, Mrs. John Madden; tenors, Malcolm
Fraser, Stuart Murdoch; bassos, Robert Lloyd,
Walton Webb.
St. John Evangelist.
Tours" beautiful communion service In C
major will be sung in the mornlne 1 . and
Charles Harford Lloyd's stirring "Magnificat"
and "Nunc Dimittis" In G major will be the
feature of the evening service. The programme
is as follows: Morning— Processional hymn 112,.
"Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day" (Morgan);
intriot, "Christ, Our Passover" (Mortinton);
"Kyrie." "Gloria Tibi" and "Credo" (Tours),
in C; hymn 121, "The Strife Is O'er" (Pales
trina); sermon ; offertory anthem, "God Hath
Appointed a Day" (Tours); "Sursum Corda,"
"Sanctus" (Tours). In C: hymn 225, "Bread of
the World" (Hodges^; "Agnus Dei," "Gloria
in Excelsis" (Tours), In C; "Nunc Dimittis"
(Lloyd), in G; retrocesslonal hymn 117, "He
Is Risen" (Xeander).
Evening: Processional hymn 112, "Jesus
Christ Is Risen To-day" (Morgan); psalter;
proper psalms for evenine of Easter day;
"Magnificat" and "Nunc Dimittis" (Lloyd),
In G; hymn 122, "Jesus Lives" (Gauntlett);
offertory, solo, "Christ, the Lord. Is Risen
To-day" (Coombs), Andrew Y. Wood; benedic
tion hymn IS, "All Praise to Thee" (Baker);
retrocoVslonal hymn 117, "He Is Risen" (Nean
der). The quartets and solos will be sung by
Masters Lincoln Beachy and F/mll Holle. so
pranos; Otto Schmidt and Joe Kemp, altos;
Andrew Y. Wood, tenor, and Dr. Brown, bass.
The vested choir of thirty boys and men,
under the direction of Miss Esther M. Phillips,
choirmaster and onranlst, will sing at both
services.
St. Agnes.
General!' s mass in G. Sopranos, Mrs. Clara
McGowan. Mrs. Nunan, Miss M. McDermott.
Miss M. Heney. Mips L. Aitken; contraltos.
Mlr.s Celia Decker. Miss C. MeDermott, Mtss
A. Turner, Miss K. McGrath; tenors. J. Lane.
M. Heney; bassos, Mr. Moßain, D. Sheerln;
organist, Miss M. M. Bumßted.
Calvary Presbyterian.
Mrs. Priest-Fine, soprano; Mrs. Sedgley-
Reynoldp. contralto; D. M. Lawrence, tenor;
R. D. Burness, organist; Walter Campbell, j
basso and musical director. At the morning ;
service, an Easter anthem. "O Joyous Easter i
Morning " by Schneeker. tenor solo and quar
tet, and an offertory. "The Lord Is Risen," by
A. W. Lansing, sung by Mrs. Priest-Fine. The
DEGREE OF HONOR.
The Grand Lodge Closes Its Labors.
Election of Grand Officers.
The Grand Lodge of the Degree of
Honor closed its labors late yesterday af
ternoon after a two days' session.
In the forenoon the following grand offi
cers were elected for the current year:
Chief of honor, Mrs. E. F. Mayon of
Oakland; lady of honor, Viola Norman of
Monrovia; chief of ceremonies. Flora J.
Nay of Pasadena; usher, Cornelia Albln of
Fresno; inside watchman, Minnie F. Hol
lis of San Francisco; outside watchman,
Eva Booth of Los Angeles; recorder, Kate
M. Poland of San Francisco; receiver,
Maggie H. Ohea of San Francisco; medi-.
cal examiner, Dr. J. L. Mayon.
Mrs. Poland declined the nomination for
grand recorder, but the grand body re
fused to accept her declination and elect
ed her as a compliment to her efficiency.
A proposition to increase her salary was
declined by her for this year.
The following were chosen delegates to
the Superior Lodge of Honor: Mrs. Kate
M. Poland of Ivy Lodge and Mrs. Esther
Lovejoy and Mies M. Ohea of Minerva
Lodge.
The following committees were appoint
ed: ■ Advisory to the grand chief of honor,
William Henry Barnes; laws— D. S. Hlrsh
berg, Mrs. G. Featherstone and Minnie
Bacon; finance — Eva Cogan, Nellie G.
Babcock and Loretta Donnelly.
The grand officers were installed by
Superior Chief of Honor Mrs. Steuart, as
sisted by William Vinter and William H.
Barnes.
During the session Chief of Ceremonies
"Viola Norman was apprised by telegraph
of the death of her father. The Grand
Lodge passed resolutions of sympathy.
Thanks were returned to the retiring
grand officers and to the lodges of this
city and Oakland, which on Thursday
night entertained the delegates, and then
the grand body adjourned.
Deputy Grand Master.
L. M. Manzer of Hercules Lodge has
been appointed by Grand Master Work
man Bahrs as deputy grand master work
man to fill the vacancy caused by the
election of Frank S. Poland, who for
twelve years held that office, to the office
of grand recorder. Mr. Manzer has been
connected with the order for a great
many years and, it Js stated, will very
faithfully discharge the duties of the
office.
The following are the new corporate di
rectors of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen: Wtlliam Vinter, George H.
Bahrs. J. W. Collins, J. H. Flint, Frank
S. Poland, Sam Booth, Dr. J. L. Mayon,
C. F. Curry. W. W. Hawkett, John
Hoesch and J. P. Jarman.
In the Divorce Court.
Cornelia Kohsaat has commenced suit
for divorce against Cecelio Kohsaat on
the ground of cruelty; Josephine A. Bean
from Joseph Bean, desertion, and Ger
trude Featherstone from Patrick Feath
erstone, cruelty.
Judge Hcbbard yesterday granted Jo
seph C. Freese a divorce from Helen L.
Freese on the ground of desertion.
Freese, who is a son of Public Adminis
trator Freose, was directed to pay $25 a
month alimony for the support of his di
vorced wife and child.
Judge Belcher has granted Frederick P.
Brown a divorce from Elizabeth E. Brown
on the ground of intemperance.
Mary Adams has secured a divorce from
John Adams on the ground of cruelty.
Ida Hoffman has secured a divorce from
Rudolph Hoffman on the ground of cru
elty. She has been granted also the right
to resume her maiden name, Ida Doan.
Arrested the Wrong Man.
R. J. McKnight, a groceryman at 1128
Folsom street, who was arrested Thurs
day night on complaint of R. S. Christie,
a "prophet," on suspicion of having
broken into Christie's house, has been re
leased by the police, as he proved that it
was a case of mistaken identity.
evening service will be an Easter praise ser
vice, composed entirely of Easter music; an
Easter anthem by Trowbridge, "Why Seek Ye
the Living Among the Dead?" solos anil quar
tet; soprano solo, "He Is Risen," by Schnecker,
sung by Mrs. Priest-Fine, with violin obligato
by Mr. Savanah: alto solo. "Easter Morn,"
by Wilkinson, Mrs. Sedgley-Reynolds: bass
solo, "Resurrection," by Rowe Shelley. Walter
Campbell; tenor solo, "Christ Is Risen," D.
TIL Lawrence; Easter anthem, "Awake. Awake,
Tis Easter Morn," E. E. Truette, and appro
ftnate hymns by the congregation.
St. Paul's Episcopal.
Morning— Processional hymn 112: "Christ
Our Passover" (Morington): "Gloria Patri"
(H. W. Parker); "Te Deum" (H. W. Parked;
"Jubilat" (H. W. Parker): hymn No. 122;
"Kyrie" (H. W. Parker); "Gloria Tibi" (H.
W. Parker); offertory, "Awake, Thou That
Sleepest" (Arthur Foote): "Sanctus" (H. W.
Parker); communion hymn No. 220; "Gloria in
Excelsls" (H. W, Parker); Nunc DimitUv, re
cessional hymn No. IIS.
Evening — Choral evensong: processional
hymn No. 112; "Gloria Patri" (CalkL:); "Mag
nificat" (Calkin): Nunc Dimlttis .Calkin"*; an
them. "Cast .Thy Burden Uoon the Lord"
(Mendelssohn); hymn No. 121; "Gloria Patri"
(Calkin); offertory, redemption hymn (J. C. D.
Parker); recessional No. 118.
St. Peter's Episcopal.
Organ voluntary, "Marche Rellgleuse"
tave Merkel); processional, hymn Mo. 620 (Mis
niter): Easier anthem, "Christ Our Passiver"
(F. Schilling; "Oncria Patri," chant <Uarritt);
lT".l T". E-eum" ir. L (William H. Eastham); "Ju
bilate Deo," in C (D. Buck); introit, hymn. No.
112 (Worgan); communion service, "Kyrle (C.
Gounod); "Gloria Tibi" (G. M. Garret);
"Credo" (Gilbert): hymn No. 121 (Palestrina);
the sermon; offertory: anthem, "Christ the
Lord Has Risen" <D. Buck); "Sursum Corda"
(Camidge); "Sanctus' (C. Gounod): commu
nion hymn No. 223 (W. H. Monk); "Agnus
Dei" (C. Gounod); "Gloria in Excelsis" (an
cient chant); "Nunc Dimittis (J. Stainer); re
trocessional, hymn No. llii (C. F. Roper).
St. Stephen's Episcopal.
Organ voluntary (Whitney); hymn. "Jesus
Christ Is Risen To-Day"; anthem. "Worthy Is
the Lamb (Barnett); anthem for Easter day
(Mornlngton); "Te Deum." festival in B flat
(Dudley Buck): "Jubilate" (Schilling); hymn,
"O Come All Ye Faithful"; "Kyrie" (Gounod);
"Gloria Tibi" (Paxton): hymn, "Christ la
Risen"; offertory, soprano solo. "Angels Roll
the Rock Away" (Hawley), Miss Edith M.
Wadsworth; offertory sentence (Whitney);
"Sanctus" (Stainer); hymn, "Just As I Am";
"Gloria In Excelsis" Dykes): "Nunc Dimlttis"
(Dykes): organ postlude (Merkel). Choir is
composed of Miss Edith Wadsworth, Miss Mar
garet Hewitt, Miss Minnie Young, Miss Hattle-
Johnston, sopranos; Misses Phila Pettis, Belle
Evans, contraltos; Messrs. E. E. M. Hibbert,
Gardner de Veuve, tenors; Messrs. George R.
Bird and W. H. McCallum, bassos; Mr. Roscoe
Warren Lucy, organist and choir master.
Central Methodist.
Anthem. "King of Kings" (Simper); Easter
anthem, "Christ Our Passover" (Beale); so
prano solo, "I Know That My Redeemer
Liveth" (Handel), by Miss Grace I. Davis.
Evening— Anthem. "They Have Taken Away
My Lord" (Mitchell); alto solo, "Hosanna"
(Gralner), by Miss Grace W. Cope; barytone
eolo, "He Is Risen" (Schnecker). Charles H.
Van Orden; anthem, "Sing to God" (Gounod).
Grace Methodist.
Selections will be as follows: Easter anthem
(Doscher), by the choir; soprano solo, "Christ
Is Risen To-day" (Blschoff), Miss Alice Shel
don Brannan; "The Lord Is Risen" (F. Lynes),
by the choir; barytone solo. J. G. Sanchez;
tenor solo, "Hosanna" (Grainer,), J. F. Veaco;
"Consider the Lilies" (C. F. Herrmann), by the
choir; soprano solo, by Miss Nellie Rogers;
bass solo, "The Resurrection" (Albert J. Hol
den), Frank W. Thompson; soprano solo, "The
Lord Is Risen," from Sullivan's oratorio, "The
Light of the World," Miss Nellie Rogers;
"Alleluia" (Charles Dennee). by the choir.
During the evening choral service the congre
gation will unite with the choir in singing
hymns 235. 248 and 249. T. K. Wittich will be
the organist and Robert Husband the musical
director.
Howard Methodist.
Organ offertory. Baptiste; anthem. "Christ Is
Risen To-day," Warren; anthem, "The Strife
Is O'er," Mendelssohn; anthem, "Christ, Our
Passover," Dar.ks. By special arrangement
Miss Alice Sheldon Brannan has been secured,
and, following Dr. Wilson's sermon, will sing
her great soprani* solo, "Christ Is Risen To
day," by Bischoff. The regular choir will be
Increased by the addition of twenty-five special
vocalists and a subsidiary choir of seventy-five
voices. Professor Martin Schultz, organist and
choirmaster.
Trinity Episcopal.
Morning service, 11 o'clock; organ prelude,
"Marche Triomphale," Guilmaut; hymn,
"Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day"; Easter an
thems, Gregorian; Te Deum in D minor, Ar
thur Foote; Jubilate In A flat, Arthur Foote;
Introit. "The Strife Is O'er"; communion ser
vice, Kyrie, Credo, Sursum Corda, Saunctus,
Agnus Del and Gloria in Excelsis. Stainer;
hymn, "Jesus Lives"; offertory, "The Song of
Miriam," Schubert. The music will be ren
dered by the regular choir of the church, as
sisted by several extra voices. Soloists, Miss
Millie Flynn, soprano; Mrs. Etta B. Blanchard,
contralto; H. M. Fortescue, tenor; F. G. B.
Mills, bass; organist and director of the choir,
H. J. Stewart.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Why should the &\
9 Doctor have a f* \
§ Commission ".-•
|j There is no • reason in it, no H
a justice in it. All doctors don't ask «
m it of the druggist. Some do. I
m Others accept it because it is of- |
I fered. Some druggists don't give
I it; some do. When a doctor asks
a it, it is blackmail ; when a druggist
a gives it, it is robbery. You pay the
9 doctor a fee for writing the pre- I
I scription — that's enough. 1
1 Why should the i
1 Druggist ask you f& 1
9To pay it © I
H The druggist is in business to I
1 make money. * He gives commis- g
3 sions to get business. They must H
I be made up somehow, so he makes B
I you pay it by adding it on to the w
a charge for the prescription. But Ja
1 there is absolutely no sense in H
H your allowing yourself to be robbed n
I that way. H
I Why should &\ I
1 YOU pay f* I
lit ®
n There is no reason why you should, R
1 You can bring the prescription to us □
I and we will fill it accurately and cor- R
■ rectly and charge you for the prescrip- H
| tion and nothing else. • P
y ■". ■ Commission-giving and commission- H
1 taking is direct robbery, and so long I
I as we are in business we shall take no N j
H part in it. . , gj
H WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS. |
1 NO PERCENTAGE DRUG CO., I
p * . 949-951 Market St.. Bet. 6th and 6th. M
liiiiilisii
- -- : - :a . nd^— -
homefor th ec eof the i eb r i ate
' Corner Stockton and Chestnut Streets,
la Open- for the Reception of Patients, 'Under
DR. S. TOGGLE,
Superintendent and Resident -' Physician. ■
- Down-town Office— S. *E. CORNER ' GEARY
AND » STOCKTON STREETS, over .■ City - . of
k Paris; 2to 4 '».''«.' t" :." ,
..*: AMUSEMENTS. " .
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY! TO-NIGHT!
Farewell Performance Sunday.
. ..ANNA HELD .
Presenting a new series of songs, including
the original v animated song sheet.
In conjunction with the ■ roaring farce,
**J\ GAY DECEIVER."
'. Monday— ' "A- Stranger in New York."
COLUMBIA THEATER. ,
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
MR. JAMES A.
HERN Ev
In his original creation of - 7;
NATHANIEL BERRY, '
In his beautiful comedy drama
SHORE ACRES!
Coming— "NANCY HANKS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY. Lower Floor, 25c.'
Last performance to-night. Wm. Jerome's
Herald Square Comedians, headed by MAUDE
NUGENT, in
A JAY IN NEW YORK.
TO-MORROW (Sunday), April 10.
EDWARD HARRIGAN, IN '
• ■■ ' .-• "OLD LAVENDER."
I MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Production, of Henry Pettit'a Great
*■«'., . Drama,
HANDS
ACROSS
THE SEA!
With a Powerful Cast and Realistic Scenla
Effects. , .
New Prison Scene, La Roquette, France.
New Harbor Scene, , Sydney, Australia.
Great Ocean Steamship Scene, "The Austra-
lasian."
Beautiful Costumes and Good Comedy.
Evening Prices 10, 25, 50c
, * Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY APRIL 9.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10; Chil-
dren. 10c. any part. -'■' ■ ' . • : .
TO-NIGHT LAST APPEARANCE of MMLE.
BARTHO, the beautiful, bewildering, be«
witching danseuse; MANDOLA. Globe Equil-
ibrist: JOHN W. WEST, Musical Monologulst;
MARIAN AINSWORTH. Singing Soubrette;
the FIVE WHIRLWINDS, WATSON
HUTCHINGS and EDWARDS. MONTGOM-
ERY and STONE, ANDOS. CHAS. T.
ELLIS, and others. .
TO-MORROW— Hyde's Comedians and Helen
Mora.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kkelixo. Proprietor &Mana?«
THIS EVENING— v^
Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
An Arabian Nights' Dream of Loveliness.
A SUPERB BEAUTIFUL SCENERY
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
Appropriate Accessories. Brilliant Light Ef-
fects.
The most perfect home production ever of-
fered. - •
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
AT /~< \ *7 \TV SEATS BY
ALCAZAR. PHONE
ni^yji^/ir\. MAIN 254
-; :> MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night and To-morrow (Sunday) Last Thre«
Performances of
- - - "JANE I" - - -
MONDAY NIGHT a Laugh a Minute for Two
Hours.
THE STRANGE ADVENTURES OF MISS
. BROWN. '• :■..
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO. HALL.
MATINEES APRIL I3th and 15th.
EVENING OF APRIL 14th,
LITTLE
PALOMA
SGHRA7VI7VY.
There is no other musical genius before th»
public either in Europe or America as truly
great and wonderful as this dainty little B-
year-old daughter of California. She holds
her audience spellbound and creates Irresist-
ible admiration. -
Sale of seats begins MONDAY NEXT 9 a.
m., at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s, corner Butter
and Kearny sts.
Prtecs-$ 1.00. Children 50s. '
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, 1897-9S, Beginning MONDAY,
April 4, to April IS Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNE3DAY,
THDBBDAY, FRIDAY AND SATDRDAT.
• FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
——RACES START AT 2:16 P. M. SHARP.— .
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p: m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the tracK at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m.. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
EXHIBITION OF ANIMAL TRAINING
From 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Daily at the
.ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
PROF. CANIAC'S PERFORMING JAGUAR
AND LEOPARD, and a host of attractions!
See the LIONS and the LAMB. Ride by Side.
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10. a. m. , to 11:30 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children, 6c.
, CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
BIG OPENJSTAKE!
EXCEPTIONAL ENTRY-HOT SPORT.
Two Days! — Days! — Two Days !
Saturday IP. M. ' Sunday 1 1 A. M.
BASEBALL!
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE CHAMPIONSHIP.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
SUNDAY, APRIL 10, AT 2 P. M.
FRESNO VS. SAN FRANCISCO.
■ (Formerly California : Markets.)
Admission. 26c. . . . Children. 10c
BASEBALL 1
CENTRAL PARK.
TO-DAY AT I P. M.
PACIFIC - STATES : BASEBALL LEAGUE.
, CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES PACIFIC
COAST.
OLYMPICS VS. OAKLAND.
ADMISSION. 25c.
EL CAMPO, "
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements. ;
••: Refreshments at city ' prices. Fare, round
trip. 25c; Children. 15c; . Including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,.
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, - leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 3 and 5 p. m. ■>
OT VMPIA Comer of 'Mtion' »ni
■ UtllUfm ... Eddy Str«t». .
•America's Most Beautiful Music Hall. THE
MARTELLES. Trick Bicyclists: MLLE. ADE-
DITA, Spanish Dancer; CLIFFORD YACKEIN,
: Great DOLLY PAXTON. " Balladlst,- and * Ten
I Others. MAE TUNISON, Operatic Selection*.
[ Grand Matinee Sunday. ■ Admission Free.
78
BURIED BY
A MIGHTY
AVALANCHE
Lives of Scores of Gold
Seeders Lost in tF)e
Dyea Canyon.
(\ Wall of Snow Crashes Down
Upon a Trail Thronged
by Men Bound for
th>e Klondike-
PARTIAL LIST
OF THE DEAD.
WILLIAM WARNER, San
Francisco.
THOMAS COLLINS, Portland,
Or.
E. D. ATWOOJ\ New York.
C. BECK. Banford, Fla.
MRS. RYAN, Baltimore.
JOHN MORGAN', Emporia,
Kan.
Gl'S SEABOULD, residence
unknown.
L. WEIDELEIN, Kansas City,
Mo.
W. L. RILEY. Seattle.
C. P. HARRISON, Seattle.
GUS ZOBARTH, Seattle.
STEPHEN STEVENSON, Se
attle.
FRANK SPRAGUE. Seattle.
— DUNBAR, Seattle.
F. M. GRIMES, Sacramento.
— RITCHIE, Seattle.
— GARRISON, Seattle.
G. DEARBORN, Seattle.
C. P. HAINES, Seattle.
MRS. ANNA HAXON, Jeffer
son County, Pa.
R. HEPGARD, Baker City. Or.
— ATKINS. Idaho.
THOMAS GEFFERT, Seattle.
E. F. MILLER, Vancouver,
"Wash.
T. LAMER, residence un
known.
— DERBER, San Francisco.
W. E. D. WARD, New York.
W. ENGLAND. Washington.
E. MURPHY, San Francisco.
SERIOUSLY INJURED.
WALTER CHAPPET, New
York.
JOHN C. MURPHY, Dixon,
N. D.
F. B. HOLBROOKE, Portland,
Or.
— DAHLSTROM, residence
unknown.
JUNEAT', Alaska. April 4 (by steam-
Bhip Al-Ki, via Seattle, April B).— A
horrible catastrophe, surpassing in the
number of fatalities the flooding of the
canyon last fall by the mountain lake,
nas occurred in Dyea Canyon, between
Sheep Camp and the Scales. An ava
lanche of snow and ice yesterday after
aoon swooped down the mountain,
burying alive and crushing between
forty and fifty men, and injuring nearly
is many more. There is great excite
ment as Skaguay and Dyea, and many
will leave here for the scene of the dis
ister on the steamship Australia, which
sails late f>-night for Skaguay. The
srst news of the calamity reached here
at 5 o'clock this afternoon on th»
Bteamship Discovery and the Al-Ki
came in at about 8 o'clock to-night and
;onfirmed the report.
The Al-Ki left Skaguay at 9:30 this
morning. As the fatal snow slide oc
curred at about 4 o'clock yesterday
(Sunday) afternoon only meager details
were obtainable here to-night. The
representative of The Cah whom I left
In charge at Skaguay and Dyea during
my absence chartered a tug at Skag
uay last evening to take him around
the point to Dyea and from there he
will go by horse to the place of death.
I will reach the scene to-morrow after
noon.
A telephone message was received at
Skaguay from Dyea late last night,
stating that twenty-seven bodies had
been dug out of the snow. A large force
of volunteers is at work with pick and
shovel throwing aside the snow in the
hope that it may be in time to rescue
Borne of the buried men alive. The res
cuers worked all night.
About 8 o'clock this morning another
message came by telephone from Dyea
stating that eighteen more bodies
had been excavated. If these figures
are accurate they will make a total of
forty-three dead.
The slide occurred in about the same
place where the lake of water broke
loose last fall. It was near Stone
House and over on the other side of the
canyon. John Pellett of Seattle, a pas
senger on the Discovery, left Sheep
Camp yesterday morning, a few hours
before the snow slide. He said:
"The first we heard of the accident
was last evening at Skaguay. The re
port came over from Dyea by tele
phone. I left Sheep Camp early yes
terday morning to catch the first boat
south. It had been snowing steadily
for two days up the canyon. It was a
heavy, wet snow. Great quantities of
It accumulated on the mountain sides,
and I expected some of it to fall down.
There was so much snow that I did not
Bee how it could cling to the sides of the
canyon. Great fields and mountains of
It were piled upon the top of the can
yon on both sides. There are tents and
camps all along the canyon. The men
gx» up loaded early in the morning and
come back to their camp or cache at
Sheep Camp at 11 or 12 o'clock. In the
afternoon they make another trip to
the summit or the Scales, and along
about 4 o'clock and on to 5 o'clock there
j- «». r*Kular crocession of men cominir
bark on the trail. That explains to me
why so many were caught and buried.
"The walls of the canyon opposite
Stone House are almost perpendicular.
A man would have only one chance In
a hundred of petting out of the way
of an avalanche there, even If he
looked up and saw It earning. It would
be a straight fall Instead of a slide. I
heard that thirty-one dead men were
taken out last night."
A little more light Is thrown on the
disaster by the situation of the trails
at Stone House. The horse trail runs
to the right of the canyon, going up
and over close to Stone House. Foot
and handsled trail Is over on th~ op
posite side and follows the course of
the river, which is considerably lower
than the horse trail, and all day Ions?
there are twenty men on the hand
sled trail to one on the horse trail. I
have seen 100 men on this trail within
a distance of fifty yards, going and
coming. Nearly opposite Stone House,
on the brow of the canyon, is a glacier.
Its walls of ice, beautiful as emerald
and sapphire in' the sunshine, an im
aginary cathedral of the skies, stand
exposed in June as well as in January-
It does not melt away the y?ar round.
Mountains of snow crown this glacier
during the winter. This is the point
from which the avalanche came.
A small snow slide which occurred
shortly before the big avalanche buried
two or three men who were encampc-d
along the trail. While those on the trail
were hard at work endeavoring to ex
tricate the unfortunates the monster
avalanche swept down the mountain
side, crushing the tents pitched along
the trail and enveloping scores of men,
the majority of whom were endeavoring
to assist those who had met with mis
fortune in the previous smaller slide.
The injured gold-seekers who have
been rescued are terribly lacerated, and
it is feared that a number of them will
die. As soon as the news of the calam
ity was made known along the trail
men hurried to the scene from Dyea
and other points, and with shovels,
picks and even pans and pails toiled
to extricate the unfortunates. Sheep
Camp was soon left without an inhabi
tant, as every one from there to the
scales was soon on the scene.
The sight was an awful one, for there
in a state of terrible excitement, which
increased as the bodies were uncovered,
were brothers, fathers, sons and friends
anxiously digging, trembling lest the
next body they uncovered should. be
that of a loved one. As in the rush to
the " gold fields, but few men, even
though traveling together, went to the
trouble of inquiring as to the names
of their companions, the greater num
ber of the dead have not been Identi
fied, and those who have been taken
out alive are so benumbed and dazed
that they can hardly tell who had been
in company with them.
The roar of the avalanche could be
distinctly heard at Sheep Camp and as
far as Canyon City, situated about six
miles south of the fatal spot.
Seventeen men. all members of the
Chilkoot Transportation Company,
started over the trail on Sunday morn
ing and had about time to reach the
Scales when the terrible slide occurred.
None of them have since been seen,
and none of their bodies have been re
covered. It Is feared the entire party
was caught in the slide and killed.
There were a good many tents covered
up beyond the reach of rescuers and
numbers of bodies will never be re
covered until the spring sun thaws
away their snow graves.
At the Stone House four big slides
occurred. One hundred men, who were
descending by the aid of a life line 200
yards long, were caught. Of these only
three are known to have been saved.
At the Scales, where the third slide
took place, at least 100 tons of outfits
were covered up. S. A. Townsend of
Fort "Worth, Texas, talking of the cal
amity, says:
"From personal knowledge and in
quiry it is my judgment that at least
150 people were killed by the slides.
When I left Sheep Camp at 10:30 a, m.
on Monday morning thirty-one dead
bodies had been recovered, and the
number of injured that hed been res
cued was reported at twenty-five."
The dead are being laid out in a tent
used as a bunkhouse. Nobody is per
mitted to touch the remains. Many
physicians have gone to the scene from
Dyea, and there are about a half dozen
doctors at Sheep Camp also; so there
is no lack of medical attendance for
the injured. There is a well conducted
tent hospital at Dyea. The law au
thorizes the United States Commission
er at Dyea to act as Governor.
A report that the bodies had been
robbed lacks confirmation. The United
States troops at Dyea would probably
interfere to prevent any desecration of
that kind.
The report that forty-three men had
been killed was corroborated by Purser
Bush of the Al-Ki. One of the men who
brought down the first news of the
avalanche on the steamship Discovery
was Oeorge Bach, who came from
Seward City in February. with the first
information of the loss of the Clara Ne
vada, and who is the only person who
saw her burn. The work of recovering
i the dead from the snow continues.
HAL HOFFMAN.
No one will use a fountain pen after
tr\-ln«r a. "Koh-I-Noor" coDVlnsr DeooiL •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL <>, 1898.
ADVANCE OF
RUSSIA IN
THE ORIENT
Proposed Extension
of Her Steamship
Service.
Will Revolutionize Com
munications in the
Far East
Eight New Lines Soon to Be
Put On by the Czar's
Government.
MARINE TRAFFIC GROWS.
Railroad Between Vladivostok and
Habarofka Has Already Been
Completed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, April B.— Japanese papers
announce on authority of a correspond
ent at Vladivostok that Russia
is about to inaugurate an extension of
Russian steamship services in the
Orient that will strongly tend to revo
lutionize existing communications in
the far East. Their Vladivostok corre
spondent writes that the railroad be
tween Vladivostok and Habarofka has
already been completed, and the time
and distance between Vladivostok and
Central Siberia has been considerably
shortened. Meanwhile Russian marine
traffic in the Orient has Increased and
the Itussian Government is now con
sulting with Scherveloff & Co. upon the
question of instituting eight new
steamship services in the Orient as fol
lows:
1. "Weekly service of steamers be
tween Vladivostok, Hongkong and
Shanghai, steamers to call at Nagasaki
and Canton.
2. Service of steamers running be
tween Vladivostok and Korean ports.
Newchwang, Tientsin, Chefoo and
Shanghai. The line will run in connec
tion with the Russo-Chinese Railway,
and regular boats on Sungari River.
3. Line between Shanghai and Han
kow. This line is to connect with
steamers of Russia's volunteer fleet
running from the Baltic Sea to Vladi
vostok.
4. Line between Vladivostok, Shl
monoski. Kobe and Yokohama.
6. Line between Vladivostok, Hako
date and Yokohama. By this route
connection will be formed with Ameri
can steamers to San Francisco and the
Siberian Railway. It is reported that
Mr. Scherveloff early recognized the
advantage of this line and consulted
with Americans as to the connection.
6. Line between Nicolaivsk and Hako
date. Nicolaivsk is situated at the
mouth of Amor River and is the com
mercial center in the north, especially
for flsh. The number of fishermen pro
ceeding thither from Hakodate is In
creasing yearly. About ten steamers
of 400 to 500 tons burden are sent there
from Hakodate every year to carry fish
in addition to some hundreds of sailing
vessels and Junks. The place is very
prosperous in summer. The Russian
steamers on this line are inteded to call
at the ports on both sides of Tartary
Straits and at Otaru. Hokkaido.
7. Line from Vladivostok to Nico
laivsk, via Saghalien and Tartary
Straits.
8. Line from Vladivostok to Petro
paulovski, via Saghalien.
The last named two are already
opened by the volunteer fleet of steam
ers, and the proposal Is made to in
crease the number of voyages and to
put more suitable vessels on this route.
OFFICERS OF THE
ALBATROSS GO EAST.
Captain Moser and Lieutenant Gar-
rett Will Be Assigned to
Active Service.
Captain Jeff. F. Moser and Lieuten
ant Le Roy Mason Garrett of the Unit
ed States navy were guests of Henry
F. Fortmann at the San Francisco
Club last hight. The naval officers
were accompanied also by Hon. Arthur
Drysdale, M. P. and Queen's counsel,
Canada.
Captain Moser and Lieutenant Gar
rett will hasten to Norfolk Navy Yard
this morning, whither they hdve been
ordered forthwith. The captain will
take charge of the Mayflower and
Lieutenant Garrett will have tem
porary charge of the receiving ship at
the Norfolk Navy Yard. They have
been in charge of the Albatross for two
years, which is the vessel detailed to
aid United States Fish Commis
sioner Brice in making a thorough sur
vey of the fishing grounds of the Alas
kan Northwest. This great and useful
work is interrupted by the probability
of war, however, and it is difficult to
estimate the setback this will give the
fishing industry. These naval gentle
men were with th, San Francisco when
she was put in commission and at the
time the Itata was turned over to the
San Francisco in the Chilean troubles.
"All officers have been detached from
the Albatross," said Captain Moser
yesterday, "and the vessel is laid up
for repairs. There is no doubt in the
minds of the naval officers that there
will be war."
ENLARGING THE
REGULAR SERVICE.
NEW YORK. April B.— A "Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Secre
tary Long has determined to ask Con
gress to grant him authority to enroll
the naval militia and merchant marine
into the regular service. His request
will be made personally to-morrow to
the House Naval Committee, before
which he will appear In company with
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt, who has
been diligently laboring to-day per
fecting details of the department's
plans.
If Congress acts as desired by the
department the navy will be increased
immediately after its passage by nearly
6000 more or less well trained officers
and men belonging to the militia and
by further addition of a large number
of capable officers and men who form a
portion of the merchant marine. It is
DfODOSed tO Klva otfl nora who tnav ho
taken into service acting commissions,
which shall expire at the close of the
war.
formally, naval militia organizations
will be used for coast defense purposes,
but it is intended by the department
that they shall be available in case of
emergency for service on any part of
the coast in any vessels the Secretary
may deem It necessary to assign them.
STOPPED THE TRAIN FOR GAME.
Minnesota Conductor Pulled the Cord
and the Crew "Went Hunting.
Every man you see in Minnesota in
game season carries a gun or keeps one
handy. The Minnesota man who tells this
story says he heard that country preach
ers go prepared.
"When game does flash up on you in
Minnesota," he said, "it is worth shooting
at. No matter where a man may be in
that State, or what he may be doing, he
will be excused if he is seen to pick up a
gun and make a break. The natives un
derstand it.
"Thelasttlmol was out there I was sit
ting in the baggage car of a train talking
to the conductor, whom I knew very well,
lie asked me when I went in where my
gun was, and 1 had to apologize for not
hay " s u lt- T ffootr £ot the custom. Then I
asKoa him if there was any apprehension
about train robbers. Just then he jumped
from a trunk, grabbed the bell cord until
l thought he must have jerked the loco
motive from the track. The train came to
a stand as quickly as was possible, and
the conductor, seizing a shotgun from a
rack, jumped from the door of the car
and told me to follow. As I did so 1 saw
several brakemen, the baggageman and
tho engineer on the ground. Every one of
them had a shotgun. The conductor was
in the lead. Suddenly there was a noise.
A flock of prairie chickens— tln-re must
have been a hundred— rose in the air. At
the same instant the air was blue with
smoke and scented with powder. Kighty
dead prairie chickens were found, but the
conductor assured me that the whole
Hock had been killed, and that some had
probably dropped in the brush.
'The hunt from the time the bell cord
was pulled for the stop until the train
was again under headway tasted less than
forty minutes. I noticeu that the train
dispatcher got his share of the chickens.
Of course this was a mixed train, but the
conductor told me that it would have
made no difference if it had been the lim
ited. He allowed no game to get out of
his reach."— Np W York Sun.
HE WANTED HIS SHARE.
An Incident of Decatur's Capture of
the Frigate Macedonian.
This is the story of a young sailor who
lived two generations before young Dan
Wallingford, who gave his complete for
tune of 48 cents to build a new battleship
to replace the Maine. His first name was
Bill and his last name Is withheld. The
incident occurred in the eventful year of
1812, on board our frigate United States,
when, under Captain Decatur's skillful
command, she captured, after "long shot"
action, the British frigate Macedonian,
bringing her a prize to New York. Deca
tur got a gold medal from Congress in
recognition of the capture, and this is
what a Vermont newspaper, printed In
the year of Waterloo, tells of ißU's part
in this sea fight:
"On board Decatur's eh!p was a little
boy about 9 years old. He was not con
sidered one of the regular crew, but he
Shared the mess of a generous sailor who
had two years before taken him fmm his
widowed mother. The spirit of his father.
Who had also been a seaman, had long
since gone aloft and left his widow and
little ones on the shoals of poverty. When
the Macedonian hove in sight "and all
hands were clearing ship for action, the
little fellow stepped up to Commodore
Decatur.
" 'And it please you. Captain,' he said,
'I wish my name might be put down on
the roll."
" 'And what for, my lad?' inquired the
tumiutiuuer.
" 'So that I can draw a share of the
prize money, sir,' answered he.
"Pleased with the spirit and confident
courage of the little hero, his name was
ordered on the list; but the moment was
too Important to say more. After the
prize was taken Decatur thought of the
little sailor boy and called bim up.
•: ".'Well, Bill/ said he, 'we have taken
her, and your share of the prize, if we get
her safe in, will be about $200. What will
you do with it?'
'* 'I'll send one-half of it to my mother,
sir, and the other half shall send me to
school. 1
' "That's noble,' cried the commodore.
"Delighted with the spirit of the lad, he
took him under his immediate protection,
and obtained for him the berth of a mid
shipman. Every attention is given to his
education, and he gives great promise of
making an accomplished officer." — New
York Sun.
TRACING A LOST STUD.
Some odd stories of the recovery of lost
diamonds are told by an old Union-square
Jeweler. One of them is his own experi
ence.
"One day last June," he says, "I hap
pened to recollect that I was going to a
reception. Before leaving the store 1
wrapped my two-carat diamond stud in
a piece of tissue paper and slipped it into
my vest pocket. After dinner, while
dressing in my room, I went to my
pocket to set the stud. It, was not there.
I put my hand in my fob pocket, thinking
it was surely there; then in the other
vest pocket; then in the inside pocket and
then in my four trousers pockets; but it
wits in none of them.
" 'I left that on my desk," I thought;
'I will find it there in the morning, i will
put on a plain gold stud to-night.'
"The next morning the stud was not
to be found in the store. I thought of
every step I had taken on the way home,
ajid then called our porter.
" George,' said I -just before I went
home last night I slipped a diamond stud
wrapped in tissue paper into my pocKet,
and, starting out of the store, went
across Broadway, through Union square
at Fifteenth street, going to the left of
the fountain, and then up the center
path to Seventeenth street and Fourth
avenue. I went down the right-hand side
of Seventeenth street to Second avenue
and then home. On my walk home I have
a c.stinct recollection of putting my hand
into my pocket for my penknife or some
thing else. I must have pulled out the
stud and dropped .t. Now, I want you to
follow that path and follow carefully
every step of the way, and I don't want
you to come back until you have found
the stud.'
He started out, and in less than half an
hour returned with the stud. He had
found it, still wrapped in the paper, in
the gutter, a few steps this side of Second
avenue, and he went home happy that
night with a J2O gold piece in his
pocket."— New York Sun.
UNCLE SAM IN WAR.
Speaking of war prompts the reflection
that Uncle Sam has been uniformly suc
cessful every time he has appealed to the
sword.
In the 123 years of his existence he has
waged live wars, the war of the revolu
tion, the war of 1812, the war with the
Barbary States, the Mexican war and the
war for the Union. The various brushes
he has hail with the Indians were mere
incidents. In every one of these wars the
Stars and Stripes have been triumphant.
In the war with the Barbary States
Uncle Sam was a long way from his base
of supplies, and the Barbary States were
backed with the moral support of Great
Britain, and yet Uncle Sam cleaned up
those pirates so thoroughly that the
Mediterranean Sea became as free from
their attacks as is one of the American
inland seas. The war of the revolution
and the war of 1812 were fought against
tremendous odds, and yet the Ignited
States won. In the same period, or since
the beginning of United States independ
ence, England has carried on six wars,
two of which, that of the colonies and
the war of 1812, were lost by her. France
lost two wars in the same period, the war
with the allied powers and the Franco-
I'russlan war. Prussia out of five wars
in that period lost two, Austria lost three.
Russia two and Spain every war she un
dertook except in the ten years' «>ar in
Cuba, which she never admitted was any
thing more than insurrection, and which
she quelled only by false promises.
Uncle Sam is not likely to break his
record of success In the impending brush
if the brush comes.— Mexico Two Repub
lics.
FOR A TIME AT LEAST.
The Spanish statesman who thinks the
Southern States would co-operate with
Spain in case of war will do well to keep
out of the Southern States.— Washington
In engineering enterprises one man
is killed for about every £50,000 spent
on tha work.
VICTORY FOR
BRITISH ARMS
Most Brilliant Battle Ever
Fought in the
Soudan.
Mahmoud Pasha's Army Prac
tically Wiped Out or
Existence.
The Leader Himself Captured With
Four Thousand, of His
Warriors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAIRO, April B.— The Anglo-Egyp
tian forces, under the Sirdar, General
Sir Herbert Kitchener, attacked the
Dervishes' position at 7:35 this morning
and rushed Mahmoud's Zariba, the cen
ter of his fortifications, without check.
The attack was entirely successful, and
the Dervishes lost very heavily.
The Anglo-Egyptian force, after a
night march, arrived at dawn before
the enemy's camp. When the trenches
of the Dervishes had been bombarded,
the whole Anglo-Egyptian force made
a brilliant rush for the Zariba and the
trenches. The Dervishes stood their
ground bravely and reserved their fire
until the attacking force was quite
close to them. Mahmoud, the Dervish
general, was among the prisoners cap
tured.
As this dispatch was sent the Anglo-
Egyptian cavalry with Maxim guns and
batteries were pursuing the fugitives.
The loss of the Anglo-Egyptain forces
Includes Captain Urquhart of the Cam
eron Highlanders and Lieutenant Gore
of the Seaforth Highlanders, killed, and
ten officers of the British Brigade and
four British officers in the Egyptain
service, wounded.
ATBARA CAMP, Nubia, April B.—
The Sirdars' force numbered 12,000 men,
with twenty-four guns, under Colonel
Long, and twelve Maxims. The enemy
left Shandy with 19,000 men, but they
have suffered a bit from desertions
since.
The enemy was at first practically
concealed underground in a strong zar
iba, running around the whole position.
We reached Mahmouds position at 6
a. m. to-day. The enemy was evidently
aware of our approach. After an hour
of heavy bombardment the brigades
were formed up and carried the posi
tion at the point of the bayonet, under
a tremendous fire from the enemy.
The zariba was torn away, but the
enemy obstinately clung to the trenches
and "were bayoneted in them. During
the whole admirable bombardment by
Colonel Long, not a single dervish was
visible.
Mahmoud was captured by the Tenth
Soudanese battalion. He was under
ground the whole time his men were
fighting. Osman Digna lied as usual.
The prisoners say that Mahmoud's
forces were deserting in large numbers
before the battle. The enemy's guns,
baggage, animals and standards were
captured.
Our loss would have been much heav
ier if the enemy had not fired high.
The Dervish fire was very heavy and
the British loss was mostly before
reaching the zariba. Colonel Murray
had his horse shot under him and was
wounded in the arm. The enemy cer
tainly behaved with great bravery. The
prisoners say they lost heavily by the
bombardment before the advance.
Some of the enemy tried to break
across the river at an early stage, but
were driven back by the Dervishes'
horsemen.
The rockets under Captain Beatty
set the enemy's camp afire in many
places. Bashardi Redi fell at the head
of his men.
The authorities call to-day's battle
the most brilliant ever fought in the
Soudan, everything having been car
ried straight through without a hitch
or a check. Inside the zariba there
was an astonishing labyrinth of earth
works.
I have been all over the Dervish po
sition and estimate their dead at more
than 2000. The night march was as
weird as that of Tel-el-Kebir. Egyp
tians. Soudanese and British strove to
be first in the race and to be first in
the attack. As usual several brigades
claim the honor.
The enemy opened with such a ter
rific fire that our men were dropping
on all sides. It was as venomous a
fusillade as troops were ever called
upon to face.
Mahmoud's army is practically wiped
out. Four thousand of his followers
have been taken prisoners and he him
self has been caught hiding in a hole
under a bed. He is a tall, dignified,
sensuous looking, black baggara, about
35 years of age, with a shaved head.
When taken he was dressed In a richly
embroidered robe.
Gilroy's New High School.
GILROY, April B.— Bids for the con
struction of the new Gilroy High School
building were opened to-day and con
tracts awarded. Work will be com
menced on the excavating and founda
tion immediately.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Is the richest gift of nature and
science to Nursing Mothers. It
is gentle, being a Non-Intoxicant
yet powerful, adding new life and
strength to the entire system and
making Baby's food healthy and
nourishing. Is the one perfect
Malt Extract. All druggists.
All Druggists.
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
416-418 Sacramento St.
RAYMOND DIES
BY THE NOOSE
First of the Baden Mur
derers Executed at
Folsom.
Killing of Charles Andrews Is
Avenged in Part by the
Law.
The Condemned Man Meets His Fate
Bravely and Makes No Fare
well Speech.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. April S.-W. H. Ray
mond was hanged at Folsom Prison this
morning at 10 o'clock. The execution was
unaccompanied by startling incident.
Raymond had nothing to say upon the
gallows, was cool and collected and died
bravely. Before the execution Raymond
received spiritual consolation from Rev.
Father Hunt of Sacramento. Among
those who witnessed the execution was
Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo County.
The crime for which Raymond paid the
penalty was the murder x>f Charles A.
Andrews in the Grand Hotel in Baden
in November last. Raymond and George
"Willitts went to the hotel for the pur
pose of robbery, and in the scuffle which
ensued "Willitts fatally shot Andrews and
wounded a man named Connolly. Wil
litts escaped, but was captured recently
and now awaits the death sentence at
San Quentln.
Harry Winters was to have been ex
ecuted to-day with Raymond, but
through the confession of Raymond,
made to Warden Aull in February last,
in which Raymond tried to exonerate
Winters, an appeal to the Supreme Court
was granted.
Raymond and Willitts had been out of
Folsom Prison but a few weeks prior to
the perpetration of the crime.
Addresses to Fanners.
GILROY, April B.— Professor D. F. '
Fowler of the State University and Pro- !
fessor F. J. Vidletti, organizers of I
farmers' institutes, addressed a large
audience of farmers and citizens at Odd
Fellows' Hall this afternoon and even
ing on the subjects "Pruning and Graft
ing of Vines," "Some Problems of Irriga- i
tion," "Theory and Practice on the I
Farm" and "The Sugar Beet."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
:a«aoaoa«o«aaoo»a««oaaft»oottoa«««oaada«: a«aoaoa«o«aaoo»a««oaaft»oottoa«««oaada«-
I AN OLD MAN'S JOY. !
8 — — — . "«'
g Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Adds Fifteen Years to His Life, g
a No Need of Doctors Now. a
a <*
1 What Electricity Will Do When «
« Properly Applied. »
• y-< DR. SAXDEX— Dear Sir: I was generally broken down, had pains in my back a
'•* and weak kidneys when I got your belt. I thought old age and hard work were get- w
£f ting away with me. But I began to feel better the first time I put the Belt on. It "
helped my ; kidneys right away and gave me strength every day until it had me good . i*<
J '<s and strong in two months. That was two years ago, and I never felt better than I
w have since then. I tell you I had rather have a Sanden Belt near me than a dozen £f
*■* doctors. It has added fifteen years to my.life. lam now 70, and I expect to bury lots o
« of younger men yet. Yours truly. JAMES DAGGETT. CI,
~* 710 OTarrell street. San Francisco. «
a. Dp. Sanden's Belt Brings Joy. §
*•* This great invigorator has cured 10,000 weak men and women during a
a the last three years. It saturated the weak nerves with electrical en- a
£( ergy. "Energy" is life, spirit, happiness, ambition. You can have it. «
w If you are not strong or well, be you man or woman. Dr. Sanden will ~
r* send you a book, for either sex, free, that will show you the way to hap- **
a piness, confidence and health. Get it to-day. " £$
» SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * — S5OOO REWARD — g
2 632 Market Street. San Francisco. S5OOO REWARD . 3
« 632 Market Street, San Francisco. T*mi k«. «««y» ■ # . s*(
£ NOTE-Make no mistake in the number- YiU be pald for one of . ~
« 632 MARKET STREET. ■ these Belts which falls a
» Office hours. Ba. m. t;o Sp. m. ; Sundays, 10 to eenerate a CUrreQt nt «
" tol. Branches at Los Angeies. Cal., 204^ ™ e f a current ol
« South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington Electricity. | «
j-j street: Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street: * . :—:: — : 4. ><
w Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. * «
r. IN YAZOO CITY, MISSISSIPPI •
" I had been troubled with dyspepsia for over fifteen
years and the last five years suffered intensely. ■ I had
tried quite a number of remedies, and though at times
they relieved my suffering they never cured me. About
four months ago I noticed the advertisement of Ripans
• Tabules and bought some, and by using them as directed '
they benefited me more than I expected. Soon I found
that all signs of the disease had disappeared and that I ;
was gaining in weight right along, 1 and to-day I can say ;
that I am thoroughly cured. T have gained in weight
seventeen pounds, increasing from 128 to 145 pounds. -
T*+maX emxtcxn» n» MbntM) o*n bo had bT mall br^Slln* *, nrnOZ-!?. . •coaonuo*!. one dorm of vi
LEE HIS THE
MISSING LINK
Will Present Proof of the
Blowing Up of the
Maine.
The Consul-General the Wit
ness as to the Extinguishing j
of the Electric Lights.
Connection of the Spanish Govern
ment With the Foul Plot Said to
Be Clearly Established.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Riggs Hous'-,
Washington, April 8.
Representative Lorimer of Illinois i 3
authority for the statement that Gen
' eral Lee will make some startling dis
i closures before the Senate Committee
I on Foreign Relations when he arrives
I here regarding the conspiracy to blowr
!up the Maine. It was announced yes
j terday that General Lee would b»
called before the committee, but the
nature of the testimony expected from
I him was not disclosed.
"I understand that General Lee is t«
supply the missing link in the testi
mony," said Lorimer. "My informa
tion is that Captain Sigsbee is in pos
| session of the facts, but does not feel
at liberty to give them until the person
who gave them to him releases him
from the secrecy imposed. That per
son, I understand, is General Lee."
It is said that the information Gene
ral Lee is expected to testify to relates
to the extinguishment of the electrio
; lights in Havana at the instant of the
l blowing up of the Maine. Electrical
experts have said that if the lights
went out in Havana at the time of thq
explosion it would be conclusive evi
dence that the mine under the Main*
! must have been fired from a shore elec*
I trical connection. Captain Sigsbee be
fore the Foreign Relations Committee
said he had information that the lights
had gone out, but did not think it ad
! visable to give the name of his inform-
I ant while he wa* in Cuba. His inform
! ant is said to be General Lee.CHARD THE
SECRET OF
COCOS ISLE
South Sea Fortune-
Hunters Besieged
for Information.
Obliged to Seek Seclusion
to Avoid an Inquisi
tive Mob.
Will Fit Out a Larger Expedi
tion to Recover the Buried
Treasure.
COVERED BY A LANDSLIDE.
Searched Far From the Hiding Place
to Deceive a Distrusted
Crew.
Willis Aumock and his party of Cocos
Island treasure hunters were obliged to
keep in seclusion in their rooms at the
Golden West Hotel yesterday to escape
the horde of inquirers that all day be
sieged them. They all wanted infor
mation concerning the hiding place of
the long lost wealth of the Incas that
for more than half a century has eluded
the probes of the army of fortune seek
ers that since the historical voyage of
the bark Mary Dea have delved in the
sands of the little isle of the South Pa
cific. "Some of the men who called
on us," said Mr. Aumock, "wanted to
know the exact spot where the fortune
lies buried, and they became quite in
dignant when the information was re
fused them.
"I am satisfied we have found the
exact spot where the treasure lies burled
on Cocos Island," cdtitmued the leader
of the fortune-hunting party. "I feel
certain that before twelve months more
have passed we will have the hidden
wealth in our possession, or as much
of it as the Government of Costa Rica
will allow us to carry away. I have
no doubt that we are on the right
scent and the treasure cannot get away
from us unless some one by sheer good
luck should visit the island and un
earth it before we can get back to the
place. Of that, however, I have no
fear. It can only be found by means
of the chart I hold and it is the only
chart of the hiding place of the treas
ure in existence, and it is zealously
guarded. The chart is yellow with
age and I have proven that it is cor
rect. I was not (in the island an hour
when I stood on the spot where the
wealth lies hidden. Not far under my
feet at that moment was a fortune for
a hundred men. It will, though, take
some work to pet it. The topography
of the island has changed a great deal
since Captain Keaton of the treasure
bark Mary Dea and his mate, Thomp
son, slipped out of the harbor of Callao
with the wealth of the Peruvians on
l><->ur'i and hid it under the sands of the
little atoll.
"The chart I now have and which led
me to the ppot where the gold and
Jewels He buried was made by Captain
Keaton and he took the precaution to
niak-- it when he was hiding the wealth
bo that he could find his way back to
the spot whenever he should have an
opportunity to return to the island.
Only once since then did that oppor
tunity arise. Captai.i Keaton and a
friend, Captain Bogue, fitted out an ex
pedition at Boston and set sail for the
island. They reached the place without
difficulty, but the crew, which was a
mixed one. got wind of the purpose of
the voyage and Keaton and Bogue be
came alarmed at their conduct and
thought it best not to take any more
nf the hidden wealth aboard their ves
h-'I than they could conveniently carry
concealed about them. They unearthed
the treasure ahd took only about $20,000
each and sailed away with it after care
fully covering what they were com
pelled to leave behind. Keaton's friend
was drowned on the return voyage and
the gold he had recovered went to the
bottom nf the sea with him. Keaton
on his return to Boston where his fam
ily lived made a great display of his
puddenly acquired wealth. His daugh
ter was covered in a blaze of Jewels and
the gems were set in a manner long
since forgotten in the Jeweler's art.
The daughter married a man named
Young not long before the father died
and Keaton confided the secret of the
hidden treasure to his son-in-law, at
the name time giving him the chart of
the biding place on the South Pacific
isle.
"Young wandered about the country
nnd a few months ago I met him in
Mexico. I befriended him in more ways
than one and he confided to me the
pecret of the Cocos Island treasure. Ar
rangements were made with him to fit
out an expedition to search for the hid
den wealth and a n"-*bf>r of Pittsburg
capitalists be-came interested In it. The
result of it was that the Vine was char
tered to carry the party of treTsure
hunters and I was sent as the leader of
the expedition. The chart Young re
ceived from his father-in-law was cor
rect. It led us direct to the spot, but
the circumstances were such that we
could not disturb it.
"Tn the first place we werp afraid to
take it from the island without a prop
er agreement with the Government
thnt now controls thf 1 little piece of
land In the middle of the Pacific. Be-
Fides the crew of our vessel waf such
that we could not trust it. Captain
Hums did not treat us as he agreed
t<> when we chartered his vensel. Then
It would have required considerable
work to pet the treasure out of the
ground. The heavy rains that fall on
the islands nlmcst continuously have
changed the topography of the country
and tons and tone of earth have been
carried by the floods find deposited
over the spot where the wealth lies hid
den. It would take many days for our
party to uncover it. When we go back
we will have a big: force of workmen
with ue, and we will make the trip in
r steamer that will be under our con-
trol entirely.
"Our party arrived at Cocos Island
on the Vine on January 3. As soon
as the anchor was down eight of us
landed and we were met on the beach
by Captain Gessler, who, on finding out
our mission. Informed us he represent
ed the Government of Costa Rica and
that he was the Governor of the isl
and. He said if we wanted to search
for the treasure we must treat with
him first. He said his Government re
quired from all seekers for the treasure
an agreement that should it be found
one-third of the recovered wealth
should go to the Government. One
eighth of the remainder was to be
given to him, and the finder could have
the balance. The next day Gessler
came on board the Vine and a contract
to that effect was drawn up and exe
cuted. After the contract was signed
Professor H. St-"—*- + the civil engi
neer of the party, and myself made a
secret survey of the island according
to our chart and we concluded we were
on the right track.
"We found the land marks described
in the chart we had and with the com
pass had little difficulty in walking di
rect to the place where the treasure
lies buried. We, however, were not
satisfied to unearth it owing to the cir-
cumstances under which we were
placed, and as a blind we changed the
figures of our chart to some extent
and in the company of Captain Gessler
and some of the members of the crew
we ran lines away from the hiding
place of the treasure and made believe
we were hunting for it when we dug
two small holes in the sand."
Cocos Island is situated in 5 degrees
32 minutes and 57 seconds north lati
tude, and 87 degrees, 2 minutes and 10
seconds west longitude. The discovery
of the island is involved in obscurity.
It was visited by such early navigators
as Lionel Wafer and Dampier. Its
exact position was first made known
in 1791 by some Spanish exploring ship.
It was surveyed two years later by
Captain Coluett. Two years later Van
couver visited the island and also made
surveys. The island is about twelve
miles in circumference and about four
and a half m^les across at its broad
est place. Several detached rocks and
islets surround it. The island is a high
one and it can be seen by navigators
sixty miles away. From the eastward
the southern part of the island seems
to rise abruptly from the sea in steep,
rugged cliffs. The northern side is
indented with small bays that afford
fair anchorage for vessels. Chatham
bay and Wafer bay are the names of
the two most important of the inlets.
It was in Wafer bay that the fortune
hunters say Captain Keaton anchored
the Mary Dea when he landed there
with the treasure stolen from the Pe
ruvian Government. It is also said to
be on the shores of this bay that the
wealth is hidden.
RECORDS MUST BE PRINTED.
Supervisors Nor County Clerk Have
Discretion in Appeal Cases.
The Supreme Court has decided that
County Clerk Curry will have to print
ajid transmit to that tribunal copies in
appeal cases, whether the Supervisors
make sufficient appropriations for such
purposes or not. The question grew out
of the case of John Black, who was con
victed of a felony and appealed from
the judgment of Judge "Wallace. The ap
peal was allowed and bill of exceptions
settled. Under the law the County Clerk
is compelled to have printed a record of
the proceedings, and this Mr. Curry re
fused to do, stating that the Supervisors
had only appropriated $2000 for such pur
poses and the amount had been exhaust-
COCOS ISLAND, THE HIDING-PLACE OF THE
INCAS' STOLEN TREASURE.
According to the story told by Willis Aumock, one of the returned for
tune-seekers, the lost gold and jewels lie buried in the side hill almost in a
direct line with the flagstaff.
cd. Meanwhile Black remained in jail,
and his attorney, H. Cook, applied to the
Supreme Court to have Mr. Curry com
pelled to send up the printed records.
Mr. Curry made answer to the effect that
the fund was exhausted and he could not
get any of the printers to do the job,
they fearing that they could not get their
pay.
In their decision yesterday the Justices
hold that the Supervisors have no right
to make any special appropriation for the
purpose in question, the Legislature
directing in no uncertain terms that the
county must have records in appeal
cases printed and sent to the Supreme
Court. The decision concluded:
Section 1246 further provides that the
cost of the printing shall bo a charge
against the county, and the county is not
exempt' from liability therefor by a
failure of the Board of Supervisors to set
apart a sufficient fund therefor. Whether
the cost of the printing shall be paid by
the Clerk in the first instance, or
whether the pernon doing the work shall
present his claim therefor to the Board
of Supervisors is immaterial. The statute
makes it a charge against the county,
and, as the Incurring of the expense is
not within the control of the Board of
Supervisors, it is not competent for
that body to determine the amount
that shall be expended therefor, or by
setting apart an insufficient fund ab
solve the Clerk from his duty to cause
the record to be printed and transmitted
to the clerk of this court. The order
asked for Is granted.
The Xreling Troubles.
The case of Martin Kreling and his son
William, charged with using vulgar lan
guage by Mrs. Ernestine Krelmg and Al<
bert Snyder, her friend, was called in
Judge Campbell's court yesterday morn
ing and by consent continued for two
weeks. It Is expected that by that tlmo
the dispute about the furniture factory
will be amicably adjusted.
A Thing qt the Past.
The Odd Fellows' Library is a thing of
the past. It was closed on the Ist inst, and
yesterday a force of men was engaged in
removing the books. Fourteen hundred of
these were taken to the San Francisco
Free Library.
GUS GARSON, 238 Kcarny street, near
Bush, aelU "STANDARD" shirts. •
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
THE LAWYER
EXPLAINED
Attorney Gillis Told Why
He Gave Bad Advice
to the Cooks.
But He Did Not Mean Any
Disrespect to Judge
Morrow.
Contempt Proceedings in the Lumber
Cases at an End Except for
the Judgment.
Hervey Lindley went on the stand
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court and explained the bill of sale
transaction between him and John R.
Cook of the Klamath River Lumber
and Improvement Company.
"It was a question of perfecting our
title to the property which includes this
logging railway, the chutes, etc.," said
Mr. Lindley. "John R. Cook was in
debt, and the title of the property was
in him personally and was held by him
I presume for his company. On ac
count of the danger of attachment at
the hands of Cook's creditors, and the
consequent tying up of the railroad, Mr.
Cook conveyed the railroad to me. I
thereupon made a memorandum agree
ment reconveying the property to Will
Cook and John E. Cook, this memoran
dum to be held by me; and it was made
for the purpose of the proper transfer
of the property at the time of the expir
ation of the lease.
"I put the paper away and had not
seen it for more than a year when I
went on the stand yesterday. Yes
terday I testified to the best of my
memory and belief that it had not been
signed or executed. I telegraphed for
the paper and it came this morning,
and on inspecting it I saw that it had
been signed and acknowledged, but
that it had never been delivered. It
is not an executed document. 1 testi
fied yesterday to the best of my knowl
edge and belief, and there was noth
ing for me to gain by misrepresenting
the matter."
Attorney H. B. Gillis was placed on
the stand for the purpose of explain
ing why he had advised the Klamath
people to disobey the restraining order
of United States Circuit Judge Morrow.
He deemed that it was his duty to his
clients and to the court, he said, not
to yield up any more of their rights
than he was obliged to. He had told
the Deputy United States Marshal that
he did not understand that the order
required them to give up possession of
the property. It was not until after
consulting with the other attorneys for
the Klamath Company that a doubt
arose in his mind as to the propriety
of the advice he had given the Cooks.
He had left a gang of armed men in
the mill, to hold technical possession,
not to have a crowd of men there to
bulldoze or scare people, but simply to
hold technical possession so that their
legal rights might be preserved.
"The Cooks have followed my advice
as I had given it, and if any contempt
has been committed it has come
through my advice," continued Mr
Gillis. "I didn't think that the restrain
ing order required us to give up all
possession of the premises and prop
erty involved, but I considered that the
order was made for the purpose of
preventing us from interfering with
any property of which we had con
structive possession."
"You advised the Cooks to hold the
mill by force of arms if necessary?"
asked Mr. Pillsbury of the witness.
"Yep, sir."
"After you had read the restraining
order of the Circuit Court?"
"Yes, sir. As soon as I had a con
sultation with Messrs. Stratton & Den
son we sent a dispatch ordering that
no- more men should be put into the
mill and to take out those who were in
there."
After the witness had left the stand
Judge Morrow remarked that whenever
there is any question as to the mean
ing or authority of a restraining order
a motion should be made to dissolve
the injunction. Whenever lawyers are
in doubt about such matters they go to
the court for enlightenment.
Attorney Pillsbury, for the Pokegama
Sugar Pine Lumber Company, said that
if any of the attorneys on the other
side had gone to the court the next day
they could have been Informed as to
the court's idea of the scope of the re
straining order.
The matter was taken under advise
ment, and the court directed that the
restraining order should remain in
force under the final disposition of the
dispute.
Three Smali Failures.
J. W. Porter, living at 2229^ Sutter
street, has failed for $347 30.
Carl H. Burg and Amelia Burg, who
were engaged in the livery stable busi
ness, have failed for $1437 07. Their assets
consist of $320, including $70 outstanding
bills.
S. Poulsen, a blacksmith at 870 Howard
street, has failed for $1815 12, with $210
assets.
IN THE WAKE OF THE FREE TRADE,
The schooner Altair has been fitted out to hunt for the "Island of Gold"
of which H. Talbot Watson and his British associates have gone in search.
Captain Gilbert of the Altair says he alone has the exact location of the
El Dorado, and that Captain Moore of the Free Trade has only a general
idea.
THE PASSING OF
CAPT. MASTERS
Died Suddenly at Home
in Alameda Last
Thursday.
Had Cleared His Ship and Was
Ready to Sail for Santa
Rosalia.
A Cut Hate Steamship War Between
S«n Francisco and. Copp -r
River Begun.
Captain George W. K. Masters, the
well-known and popular master of the
barkentine Garden City, died very
suddenly at his home in Alameda
Thursday evening last. He was around
town all of Thursday and cleared his
vessel for Santa Rosalia. He engaged
one of Spreckels' tugs to take him to
sea yesterday, but the news of his
death countermanded the order.
Captain Masters was one of the best
known skippers trading in and out of
this port. He brought the ship Bar
ing Bros, out here from the East, but
left her to go into the coasting trade
in one of the Simpson Lumber Com
pany's vessels. For a number of years
he has been master of the Garden City.
His figure was a familiar one on the
water front, as he always did his travel
ing ashore on a bicycle. The "bike"
went with him every voyage and as
soon as port was reached Captain Mas
ters took it ashore and used it while the
barkentine was being discharged and
loaded. Heart disease carried him off.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Orizaba arrived from Mexican
ports at an early hour yesterday morn
ing. As soon as her cargo has been
discharged she will be put in the Eu
reka trade relieving the steamer Homer
which has been under charter to the
steamship company. The steamer Cur
acoa, which Captain Goodall recently
purchased in the East, has been thor
oughly overhauled and refitted through
out; she will take the Orizaba's place
in the Mexican trade.
Chief Steward O. N. Clark of the
steamer Alameda underwent a very
painful operation yesterday. A slight
swelling on his neck has been gradually
increasing in size of late and several
physicians have advised him to have it
cut out. Dr. G. M. Hall, the ship's
surgeon, got him to consent to an ope
ration and yesterday morning he
brought forth his case of instruments
and before Mr. Clark knew what was
going on the operation was successfully
over. He is still going about the ship
as though nothing had happened.
They had a mishap at the launching
of a small stern-wheel steamer in Oak
land yesterday. The little vessel is to
go to Kotzebue Sound on the schooner
Charles Hanson and was to be launched
from the foot of Market street. Just
as she was sliding into the waters of
the creek the ways broke and the stren
wheeler dropped stern first into the
mud. A derrick had to be erected and
the steamer lifted bodily. She was
then placed on an even keel in the
water and the launching was over.
Rate cutting has begun in earnest.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Company
and the Johnson-Locke Company have
agreed upon a uniform rate to meet the
cut made by the Seattle steamship
owners. The old rate from San Fran
cisco to Copper River was $100 first
class and $75 second class. A reduc
tion of $10 has been made in the first
das* and $15 in the second. From
Seattle to Copper River the old rate
was $90 and $70 and a cut of $20 has
been made in both classes. It is ex
pected that a rate war between here
and Dyea and Skaguay will begin in a
few days.
The schooner Florence, Captain
Peterson, will sail in a few days for St.
Michael. On her arrival there she will
be turned into a stern-wheel steamer
and dredger combined, and will start
up the Yukon. A party of pix all told
are going In her to Beck their fortunes
in the frozen north.
Nathan Cohen, one of the many
the faoHsimile >2^ s/VTT^* to on ever y "^PPW
•igaature of C4a//Z^&£il of CASTOKIA.
transfer men who make their head
quarters at the ferries, has a very poor
opinion of women's gratitude. Yes
terday a well-dressed woman made a
run from a Valencia-street car toward
the racetrack ticket office. In her mad
rush she dropped her purse, and Cohen,
coming along a few minutes later,
picked it up. He opened it to see if he
could find any traces of the owner and
discovered $60 in gold and three dia
mond rings. Just as he was handing
his find over to the police officer on the
beat the woman came running back,
crying, "Oh! I've lost my purse." She
described the missing- article when
questioned, and Cohen's find was hand
ed over to her. When she found every
thing as when she lost it her expres
sions of thanks were very pro-fuse, but
her gratitude only took the form of two
10-cent pieces, which Cohen refused to
accept, saying she would probably need
carfare home from the races.
Captain W. C. Coulson, inspector of
the life-saving stations on the coast,
left on a tour of inspection along the
northern coast yesterday.
OUTDOES THE
LUXURIOUS ANNA
Mine. Melba Travels in a Spe
cial Train, the Dancer Has
Only One Car.
A Short Season of Grand Opera to
Commence at the California
Next Week.
In connection with the coming to the
California on the 19th tost of the prima
donna Mmc Melba, it may be interesting
to note some of the features of her mode
of traveling. Mme. Melba's train is com
posed of an engine und live coaches, ar
ranged as follows: Two baggage cars,
two Pullman sleepers and Mme. Melba's
own private car, "Melba," which is a
palace on wheels. This car was named
specially in honor of Mme. Melba and is
replete in everything that would enhance
the comfort and convenience of the
charming songstress even in the remotest
degree. No princess ever traveled in
greater style than does Melba, and no
doubt the coming of her train at the
various places at which she is to appear
will excite much curiosity.
Mme. Melba has her own piano on
board, and she often takes occasion to
sing a few ballads for those of her ftom
pany who may happen to be with her
and to look over the rolos of the various
grand operas which she expects to pro
duce during her tour through the great
West.
The members ol Mme. Melba's company,
including Mile. Toronta, Mme. Mattfeld,
Mme. Van Cauteren, Mr. Van Hoose, M.
Salignac, Signor Campanari, Mr. Rains,
Signor Vivianl and Signor Bimboni, will
also traveh in state, being provided with
the very best accommodations that well
regulated Pullman sleepers afford. The
train will be light enough to be adapted
to fast travel between stopping points,
and .will go through as a "special' dur
ing the entire tour of over 10,000 miles,
which extends from Chicago to San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles by way of the
Union and Central Pacific lines, return
ing by way of the Northern Pacific line,
stopping en route at Portland, Seattle,
Tacoma, Butte, St. Paul and MAneapolis.
"It has long been my ambition to ex
plore your great Western country," siiid
Mme. Melba the other day. "The fame
and glory of the Rocky Mountain scenery
have spread all over the civilized world,
and to come to America without seeing
the Rockies would be as unfruitful and
dissatisfying as a visit to Buffalo, N. V. ,
without going to see the stupendous Falls
of Niagara. All the cities at which 1 ex
pect to stop have their especial interest
for me — Salt Lake City with its renowned
Mormon Temple, the Tabernacle, which I
am told will hold 16.000 people and in
which I expect to sing; Sun Francisco
and the Golden Gate, the principal sea
port of the Pacific Coast and metropolis
of the West; Los Angeles, the winter
home of American pleasure-seekers; Se
attle, Portland and Tacoma. with their
varied attractions. With all these in
store for me I am sure the prospect is all
that heart cowkl wish for."
Mme. Melba is a charming woman, and
no doubt her admirers in the great West
■\\ill accord her a most enthusiastic wel
come.
A Librarian Dead.
William Williams, who for many years
was connected with the San Francisco
Free Library, and recently was assistant
in the catalogue department, died at Indio
yesterday of consumption. He was 25
years of age. Mr. Williams for a long
period of his connection with the library
was assistant in the reference room and
won many friends by his kindness of man
ner and desire to assist all who were In
search of books or information. He leaves
a mother in this city. His loss is se
verely felt by all connected with the li
brary.
CAPTAIN BRANT
SEEKS DIVORCE
Desertion Is the Ground
Alleged for Legal Sep
aration.
Twenty-Five Years of Married
Life, but Little Har
mony.
Both Farties Are Well Known in
Army and Social Cir
cles.
On Wednesday last a divorce com
plaint was filed in the County Clerk's
office by Louis Philip Brant against |
Grace Paulding Brant, and back of this
legal procedure is a story running
through several decades and involving
the names of prominent warriors and one
of the first families of New York City.
There is nothing sensational in the com
plaint, a mere recital of facts, the logical !
deduction from which is desertion on the
part of the wife, and for this Louis j
Philip Brant prays that a 'court of Cali
fornia sever the matrimonial bonds j
which have united him with Grace
Paulding for over twenty-five years.
Louis Philip Brant is at present cap
tain of Company A, First Infantry, U.
S. A., now stationed at the Presidio. His
martial reputation has been earned on
the field of battle, and his record as a
brave and undaunted soldier places him
well up in" the lists of American officers.
Kis wife also comes from a family the
men of which have sought the bubble
reputation at the cannon's mouth.
Twenty-five years ago Grace Pauldng
moved in the exclusive and wealthy
circles of New York, a woman whose
hand was sought by the gilded youth and
the more substantial specimens of the
genus homo. Of her many suitors the
fortunate one was the then Lieutenant
Brant, just graduated from West Point.
He stormed the citadel and carried away
the prize in the face of many odds, for
Miss Paulding was reared In luxury and
extravagance and the young lieutenant
had nothing to his name but the pay and
military title which went with his
shoulder-straps.
Soon after the marriage Mrs. Brant
was left a fortune of $200,000. The hus
band was then stationed in ' New York
and the marital relations were all that
could be desired. Then came an order
from the army headquarters which sent
the lieutenant from the city, where
metropolitan refinements and luxuries
were a component part of his life, to the j
frontier, where the Indians were revel
ing in their wild savagery. The life of i
the barracks was not for the wife, and
the first estrangement occurred on her
refusal to accompany him. Periodically I
the lieutenant returned to his wife on |
leaves of absence, but nothing could in- i
duce Mrs. Brant to give up her life in j
New York. This continued until 1885, !
when she moved to Paris, making the j
gay French capital her home. For sev
eral years she remained away from j
home. On her return to this country she !
discovered that her fortune, whichh had
been left in the form of a trust, had been
dissipated by poor investments. But her
old existence still went on. General
Dodge, the husband of her sister, domi
ciled Mrs. Brant in his home, and the
separation of husband and wife was un- j
broken.
For what reasons Captain Brant— for
at this time the young officer through
good conduct on thf frontier had ad
vanced two pegs in the military system —
does not know, his wife wrote him a con
ciliatory letter, expressing a wish to live
with him, hut with the proviso that he
should install her in a home in the most
fashionable part of San Francisco. He
was at this time stationed at Angel Isl
and. This condition his slender re
muneration at the hands of tht Govern
ment would not allow him to satisfy, and
his answer was made accordingly.
All relations at this time ceased until
several weeks ago, when Mrs. Brant
brought an action for divorce in New
York City for limited alimony. The cap
tain responded by bringing a similar ac
tion in this city. The lawyers say that
he is out of the jurisdiction of New" York;
that he is domiciled here and personal
service must be brought upon him be
fore the matter can be adjudicated. Both
husband and wife are well-known people,
the former for his position In the army,
the latter for her connection with great
military and social families.
There is one child of the union, a
young man, 21 years of age.
This Week's
News Letter contains the latest club
stories and the Crier fills two columns
with sarcastic criticism of local people
and their sins. The editorials are all
timely and direct; a handsome char
acter sketch of a prominent business
man, social news, literature, the plays,
finance paragraphs and well selected
verse make just the paper for Sunday
reading. Of all newsdealers for 10c.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
HEALTH
TBTIIE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMAXITY
* He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is rour
health falling you? Your strength, ambftlon,
vigor, vitality wasting away t
DOCTOR SWEANY
\ 737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC
Diseases of Men and Women.
Yflllllft HUM Unnatural drains caused
I UUIfU ml. 11l through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He rest- res lost vigor and vitality to : i :
UfCASf MUM Organs of the body which
If kftll lElhllr have be.en weakened
through disrast- , overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DilDTil^^ cured b >' his new m«hod,
11 111 I Villa without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
VARIOfIftFI 5 hvdrocele, swelling and
I MnIUUUCLCf tenderness of the elands
treated with unfailing ; success. . ,;^
jBONTASIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system.' .--,• yt -■/■/• ■■-.-, : : -i,r:y /,-.-; ••..• ■: •■■■ : ■
I AfilFQ wUI recef ve special attention for all
bNyibv thcir-jnanv ailments.
OOpULTITIOH FBEE ■&«& '
"£« .5 1 I% " y ou cannot call. A valuable book
Guide to Health," free ; F. L. SWEANY, M. I).,
7*7 Market St, op. Grant At., San Francifco. Col.
iciUNN'S '^|^|| dL .;*
£LIX!R OF V! r B Wit I
The pur* essential extract f rom the native dni,t. Ci»
tains all tho valuable medicinal properties of Oi i inj
without Us noxious elements. , Ko stckhess cf ston. i
no remit mo co»tivenee«; bo heiulache. All Drum;; ts,
" ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
LADUE-YUEON
TRANSPORTATION CO.
"GOLD PICK LINE"
FOR
COPPER RIVER, JUNEAU,
SKAGUAY, DYEA, via
SEATTLE,
The Fast, Elegant and Completely Refurnished
i Steamer,
"MORGAN CITY,"
Capacity 700 Passengers and 2500 Tons of
Freight, will sail from San Francisco
' ;-.-.>.. (on her arrival from New York)
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 10
And take the outside passage for Junesu, thenaa t»
Skaguay, Dyea and Copper River. -'•*'■*''
In this way the dangers of the Inside pas-
sage will be avoided. The "Morgan City" ia
one of the finest Steamers afloat, lighted by
electricity, elegant accommodations, ladles'
boudoirs, special cabins, grand salon, social
hall, smoking rooms and buffet. Largw number
of handsomely equipped bathrooms furnished
with porcelain bath tubs, steam heat, 20,000
candle power searchlights. The best table. will
be served on the "Morgan City" of • any
steamer on this coast. This Beautiful Steamer
will later on run between San Francisco an"C
St. Michael. For freight and passage apply to
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO. ;
Passenger Office — Market St., San Franeisso ;
Or JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., .
Mutual Life Building. Seattle.
oo oo
1 1 The Star l\
+ + +?
• 5 Is recognized by all • 5
• • who read as • ©
T • i ■*
is i up - ss
it I BIG it
++ + +
O© g na «©
Leading i
++ + +
® * lift II ® ?
©o ■■vUitlf uo
+ + . # ++
?? Of the %%
|? PACIFIC COAST. . %%
• • — o €>
oo Th)e circulation tt
oo is greater th)an JJ
+ + all others com- + +
?+ bined. ??
oo oo
'supplies
;! "-klondike
l. should include . -. c,
!; BORDEN'S . |
Peerless Brand!
Evaporated cream
I 1 UNSWEETENED )
| The high reputation for keeping J
,' qulity is already well estab- \
'l lished ; hence, no experiment. €
) NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
000000000000000000
2™ F PALACE *-"■?%
% CRA ND hotels o
q SAN FRANCISCO. \ "
Connected by a covered passageway. **
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O all Under One Maxagemb-st. O
O NOTE THE pricss: W£slMo
a European Plan. Sl. OO per day and upward -^
** American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward V»
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. KIRKFATRICK, Manager. q
QOOO QO OOCOOOCOOOOO
MADE ME. A MAN
AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
hi . -\ jtULNervnus JMscases— Falling Mem-
f« 5j *• 1 ory, lmpotoncy. Sleeplessness, etc., caased
If ,1 by Abuse or other Excesses and Indis*
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
JL LI, Kervnus JUscagea— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abuse or other Excesses and Indie*
cretions. Then quickly and surely
> \ "'"Z restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
>«SyS*V. fit a man for study, business or marriage.
jS^hHaDK 1 Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
token in ma. Their wo shows immediate improve-
ment and efforts a CUKS where all other fail In-
sist upon having tho gonuino Ajax Tablets. They
have cared thousands and will euro you. We give a pos-
itive) written guarantee to effect a cure Eft j*YQ in
each case or refund tho money. Price VV VlOi per
package; or sis pkge3 (full treatment) for t2M. By
nicil, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
***>■ AJAX PEMRBV CO., I 0,.?I 0 ,.?^ 1;^1 ;^
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnlts * Co.,
%C Butter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 953 Mkt.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful ' phrua.siao ; and epecltic loaio
(or. the sexual and urinary organs of botlt
(exes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Bells on Us ova
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
123 Market Street. 8. F.— (Send for Circulars
DR.MCMLTY.
nMTIS-WEr.L KNOWS AND RKLIABLTC Or.I»
.L Specialist cure* Prlvate.Nervous.Hioodand Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
-0 years' experience. Send for Book, free Jiitlent.i
cured at Home. I Terms reasonable. Hours, i) to 3
dally ; 6:30 tos.:»ev'KS. Sur.diiys, 10 to VI. Consuiw-
tloufree and sacredly con fldentla'. C'uil oruddre&a
P.BOSCOE McjVtl-TT.M.D.,
Kcarur Ntrcol. Kan Frnnrluu- r»l
tj HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples. Copper-?
M Colored " Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers J
Kg In Mouth, Halr-Falllnff? Write COOK BEM- I
I HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples. Copper- »
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.. Ulcers m
in Mouth, Hair-Falliiig-7 Write COOK KEM- 1
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 9
X CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital fi|
m KGU,OOU. ■-. Worst cases cured in 15 to 3d days. ]
M 100-page book free. , ;, ' ... .'; B
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAHNY AND - ; WASHINGTON Si"».-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD a
CO. European plan. : Rooms 60c to $1 ioday.
$5 to $8 week, $8 to »30 .month. Frae baths:
hot and cold water every room; fire grate* la
every. room; elevator runs all night.
AM. X. HESS, >
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931. : - <.
.Residence, 821 California street, below Powell.
San Francisco. ■ fi ■
910
READY TO
LEAVE THE
PRESIDIO.
Orders Hourly Expected for
the First U. S. Infantry |
to Go to the Front.
A Regiment of the National Guard
May Be Assigned to Duty
at the Garrison.
Presidio of KanFronciftco,
April 8, 1898.
Circular i
Until further orders* of
fleers ■%* II not leave the
po»t without Npecinl per
mission from the com
mainline; officer.
ily order of ,
<<h.o>s:i. .nu,i:s.
J. I".. Henjnmin. First
I i< iiini un and Ad.
jtitant.
(The foregoing order waa potted at head
quarters, Presidio, yesterday:)
The First United States Infantry,
stationed at the Presidio, is ready to
move to the front. The order for the
forward movement may come any
minute. It is known definitely that
some important movement is in con
templation.
< '.'Ti. ra! W. R. Shafter, command
ing the Department of California, Col
onel John B. IBabcock, adjutant gen
eral, and Colonel Evan Miles. First In
fantry, commanding: the post at the
Presidio, declined yesterday to state
the nature of orders recently comrtuni
cated to the commanding officer of the
regiment, but it is known nevertheless
that preliminary orders have been re
ceived.
ALL ARE BRINGING GIFTS.
Donations and Money for the Masonic Festival
Coming From Every Side.
Past Grand Master E. Peabody, Treasurer of the Festi
val Committee.
THE enthusiasm over the coming Masonic festival is not by any means
confim-o. to the Masons; it is gradually extending until it is laying
hold of men who never thought of Joining the order, and in every
way they can they are helping things along.
The merchants, irrespective of creed or fraternal affiliations, have
brought forward articles of varying values to be exposed for sale in the
booths. Sherman & Clay have donated an upright piano; Kohler & Chase
have given an organ; Newman & Levinson figure on one hundred and fifty
different books, proof that as many ladies of the collection committees
called, and that they called not in vain; Louis Roesch has donated stamped
and engraved envelopes, engraved note cards and s uvenir postals sufficient
to last the pavilion postofflce for the greater part of the festival and there
are many others. ho in one way or anoth- have so far assisted nobly
Although the festival is nearly a month away ihose in charge are en
gaged, to the practical exri sion MMI other business, in. the preparations
The office of Charles L. Patton whic'i once was the haunt of the client and
the litigant, is now daily thronged with chairmen of committees men vuh
festival bills, men seekin contracts, offering plans, discussing projects plan
ning booths and decorations, things to sell and thin-s to see- offering advice
or seeking tickets; looking for floor space or for concessions; wanting every
thing in fact that vivid imaginations cgn suggest, and Mr Patton is ex
pected to attend to it all. It is lucky that his committees are wisely se
lected and willing to work.
Over the sacred portal of the Temple there is a big sign as large and
sensational as a circus poster, announcing to all that there is the head
quarters for the festival with a size of type and a vr^ety of ink that leads
to the inference there Is nothing else In the building but >adquarters
The treasury of the festival committee is getting fat as a stone Jug
Peabody, the treasurer, declares he has several thousand douan already
in hand, and he will not even venture a prediction as to what there will be
when the festiv 1 is ovor. Two stone jugs will not resemble the money
bags then; except in their capacity for getting full, and the safe will groan
with the weight of all the gold.
The purest sign of success, however, ie the demand for tickets— a de
mand unceasing and ever growing, and one most willingly an^ promptly
At the Presidio yesterday the follow
ing circular was posted:
I'RKSIDIO OF SAN FRANCISCO.
April 8. im.
Circular: Until further orders officers
will not leave the post without special
permission from the commanding officer.
By order of COLONEL. MILES.
E. E. BENJAMIN, First Lieutenant
and Adjutant.
Colonel Miles was seen at Presidio
i headquarters yesterday afternoon. In
! reply to inquiries he said that he had j
: received no orders directing the regi-,
ment to change station, but remarked",
in response to further questions that
1 he had been in telegraphic communi
cation with General Shafter. but added
that no orders had been received direct
from Washington. He said all the of
fleers In command of stations were ■
provided with cipher codes and that
: the cipher was used in transmitting
orders of an important character.
In regard to the readiness of the reg
! iment to move Colonel .Miles said: "The
regiment is ready to move at once. We
could start within four hours after the
receipt of orders, or at least as soon
as rations could be issued. Every
thing else is in readiness. Should the '
order come to-night the regiment could
leave on the train to-morrow morning '
for any point designated. We may be
ordered away from here any time, but
I can hardly believe that the First,
which is the only regular regiment of
infantry in this department, will be
ordered away from the Pacific Coast." !
When asked as to the ability of a
National Guard regiment to perform
guard and other garrison duty at the i
reservation Colonel Miles remarked :
that the State troops could perform i
this kind of service.
It is ascertained from other sources
that preparations for a forward move
ment have been quietly going on for
the past forty-eight hours. Ammuni
tion, camp equipage, cooking utensils
THE SAN FBAXCTSCO CALIi, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
and kits are ready. The enlisted men
fully understand that something Im
portant In the way of change of station
is in contemplation.
T>>-day the First Infantry will parade
In heavy marching order for inspection,
and before night the order to move
may come. Officers of the regiment
know that secret Instructions have
been conveyed to the commanding
officer, but they can hardly believe
that the regiment will be ordered out
of the department. The orders against
any officer leaving the post without
special permission from the command
ing officer of the garrison is regarded
as significant. This order usually pre
cedes the order for a change of sta
tion. It is known that Colonel Miles
would not post such directions if he
were not convinced that an order
might be received any hour for the
regiment to leave the Presidio fora
distant station.
Directions have been received from
the Secretary of War enjoining greater
secrecy in regard to > ontemplated '
movements of the troops. The rule ap- I
piles to the engineer, ordnance and
quartermaster corps and all other de
partments of the military service. The
most accurate information obtainable
is to the effect that the depot quarter
master of San Francisco has already
I arranged for the transportation of the
j First Infantry, but the negotiations
have been conducted without taklag
the public into army confidence.
At the Pesldio mounted guards patrol
the roads and avenues of approach to
the vicinity of the ten and twelve inch
guns and the pneumatic dynamite guns
of Fort Point. Pedestrians and occu
pants of vehicles are not permitted to
halt in front of these immense weapons
of war without being accosted and or
dered to move on by the sentinel who
slowly walks his post on top of the
fortifications. The visitors are ex
cluded from the barracks at Fort "Win
fleld Scott. The old fort will shortly be
put in repair for the accommodation of i
artillery troops.
The impression that the First United I
I States Infantry will soon be ordered to
the front is strengthened by the knowl- i
; edge that Governor Budd has been in i
communication with the War Depart
ment regarding the ability and readi
ness of regiments of the National
Guard to take the place of regular
; troops. Speaking on this topic yester
[ day, the Governr-r said that the selec
■ tion of a regiment of State troops for j
service at the Presidio would rest in a j
great measure with the adjutant-gene- ■
; ral. The Governor understands that a
division of the Naval Reserve will soon |
: be ordered to duty on the Monadnock.
Adjutant-General Barrett, who was :
in Napa last night, was interviewed by i
The Call, The announcement that the
First United States Infantry would
' probably be ordered very soon to the ',
■ scene of active operations was not un- i
expected by the adjutant-general. '
When asked If he could now designate
1 the regiment of State troorps that would \
1 be assigned to duty at the Presidio, he j
remarked that he would not like to say
offhand without consulting Governor
Budd, Major-General Dickinson and '
Brigadier-General Warfield. He was j
j sure, however, that one of the regi- ;
; ments of the Second Brigade would be
cht-sen. He was convinced that the ;
State troops were fully capable of per- !
forming the infantry duties of the gar
rison, and had no doubt that the regi
ment which should be selected would
perform the service cheerfully.
General Barrett's attention was
called to the statement from Washing
ton that National Guardsmen would
have the first opportunity to volunteer
for service at the front and those that
did not volunteer could remain at home
with their respective militia organiza
tions. He was asked If Naval Reserve
men who should be assigned to duty
on the Monadnock would be permitted !
to volunteer for service on the Atlantic.
The adjutant-general said he was not \
prepared to answer the question at
present, but would have to make in
quiries on that point himself. Re- '
sponding to other inquiries he said that
the Naval Reserve was well supplied '
with ammunition and that the equip- j
ment of Lee rifles was complete and
first class.
To-day Governor Budd, Adjutant-
General Barrett and Brigadier-General
Warfield will probably confer on the
subject of assigning State troops to
duty. Members of the guard fancy
that Colonel Smith's First Infantry, N.
G. C. will be assigned to duty at the
Presidio, although it is conceded that
no regiment is better prepared for im
mediate and active service than the
Fifth Infantry, commanded by Colonel
Fairbanks. Either command would
perform the guard and garrison duty at
the Presidio.
General Shafter, U. S. A., command
ing this department, was in Bakersfleld
yesterday, where he was interviewed
by The Call correspondent. The general
ha<i no information to give out regard
ing military movements. It is known
that his trip to San Diego was made
for the purpose of inspecting the forti
fications at Ballast Point.
Lieutenant Babbitt of the Ordnance
Corps is conducting experiments at
Fort Point with powder for the big
guns. Target practice of the Fourth
Cavalry is in progress at the Presidio
range. Owing to the fog yesterday
morning firing at the 1000-yard range
could not be conducted in a satisfac
tory manner.
LORD COLERIDGE'S UMBRELLA
DECISION.
The law as to umbrellas was settled
once for all by Lord Coleridge in a
leading English case. His lordship
held:
"Umbrellas, properly considered, are
a part of the atmospheric or metero
logical condition, and, a's such, there
can be no individual property right in
them. In Sampson vs. Thompson, de
fendant was charged with standing on
plaintiff's front steps during a storm
and thereby soaking up a large quan
tity of rain to which plaintiff was en
titled. But the court held that the rain
was any man's rain, no matter where
it fell. It follows, therefore, that the
umbrella is any man's umbrella. In all
ages rain and umbrellas have gone to
gether, and there is no reason why they
should be separated in law. An um
brella may, under certain circum
stances-jthe chief of which is posses
sion—taKe on the attributes of personal
property, just as if a man set a tub and
catch a quantity of rain water, that
rain water will be considered as his
personal belonging while it is in his
tub. But if the sun evaporate the wa
ter and it is rained down again, or if
the tub be upset and the water spilled,
then the attribute of personal owner
ship instantly disappears. So if a man
hold his umbrella in his hand it may
be considered a personal belonging, but
the moment it leaves his hand it re
turns to the great, general, indivisible,
common stock of umbrellas, whither
the law will not attempt to pursue it."
So far as we know there has never
been a successful appeal from this de
cision. — Chicago News.
Acquitted of Bigamy.
Mrs. Mary Rtasland, who took unto her
self another husband while her first hus
band. Henry Frustuok. from whom she
had not been legally separated, was still
alive, was acquitted of a charge of bie
aniy yesterday by a jury in Judge Cook I*-court.1 *--
court. She testified that she received an
injury to her head about eight years ago
by a fall from a buggy, and that at times
she became temporarily insane. She said
she must have had one of those fits when
she married the second time, and i c
jury kindly gave her the benefit of their
belief in her story.
THE SHOUTING PATRIOT.
The man whose voice is for war right
off— in which others go to the front— can
still show his patriotism by staying at
home and sternly refusing to smoke Ha
vana cigars.— Baltimore American.
To share their lunch, a cat has the habit
of following tourists up one of the Alds
to the height of 10,600 feet, P
THE REMINISCENT WAITER.
Edward Harriaan Drops Into Coffee John's and Meets
an Old Acquaintance,
THE hour was so late that the solitary stranger who had entered Coffee
John's select rotisserle on Pacific street was obliged to rap three times
with the handle of the knife he had helped himself to before he suc
ceeded in rousi: % the somnolent waiter, who was quietly dozing on the
chair that he had tilted against the wall at the end of the place.
Finally his efforts were rewarded by signs of animation in the figure
which, muttering to itself, first stretched one leg then the other, then
slowly opened its eyes, one at a time, and, after gazing blankly into space
for a moment or two, suddenly seemed to become aware of the presence of
a customer it had not before seen and whom it was obliged to serve, and,
with a smothered cur:e, it arose to its full height of nearly six feet of ema
ciation and moved in a surly manner down the aisle until it came to the
occupied table, at which it stopped, and, resting one hand on the board and
the other on its hip said: "What'll it be?" "Coffee," was the laconic an
swer. "Coffee goes,' 1 replied the waiter, and he at once seemed to jump into
life, for raising his voice he shouted as though he was leading a storm
ing party against the walls of Morro Castle, "Coffee," and started with
surprising alacrity in the direction of the kitchen, whence he soon emerged
with a cup of dark-looking liquid, which, together with two doughnuts, he
deposited before the customer and was about to move away when nis glance
rested for the first time on thp features of that individual.
The effect was electrical. He sto ped short, a smile, which enveloped
his entire chin, spread itself over his countenance and leaning over the
table he said: "I'll be if it ain't old Ned Harrigan. Yer ain't forgot
me, have yer, Ned? Put it there. I'm Cinders, wot used ter be er boatman
on der front when yer was er worktn' at yer trade as er caulker. Gawd
but I'm glad ter see yer. What th'll are yer doin' in this drum an' what
made yer drift inter this Joint anyhow? Yer only ordered coffee; ain't
yer goin' ter have chops on der house? Sully, make it chops.
"Well, how is all der fellers in der old Sixt'? Dey tell dat th whole place
is changed since I used ter live dere wid me mudder an" dat it's nuttin' but
Dagos an" Slavs now. I ain't meself what I used ter be when I first come
out here an' was supin' at der old Comique fur me peck an" what youse
would trow ter me in der way of quarters an 1 dimes. (Never mind Casey
If yer want er hand out go t'der back door an' don't come floatin 1 ' in troo
der shop smellin' loike er glew fact iry.)
"How am I on der scrap? Yer know me. I'm game as ever, but some
thin' has went wrong wid me bellows, der left one, an' I ain't got no wind
ter stay. Say, der was great times when er lively mug loike I uster be cud
pick up his ten er week cellar fightin' for Hogan, Maynard an' der rest of
der sports? But all dem times is past. Der ain't nuttin' doin' now but ter
sling hash an' russel plates. Did I tell yer how I lost me scrap wid Sloppy
McGowan? No? Well, it was loike dis. (Cum in. Pedro, an" sit down ter
der table. Don't open yer face. I know what yer want. Oh, Sully! Tree
fish. Turn dem an" draw a little red from der barrel, will yer. I'm busy
wid me frien'.) I had just copped him wid me right an' was er reaching
fur his chin wid me left when I fought of mudder an' stopped. Mac never
had no mudder an' he landed an' it was all off. Where's Rat Skelly? Doin*
time? So I heard an* dey tell me Cabbat went over to der islan" for turnin'
a trick ter help his old man. He always was square, was Cabbat.
"What's dat? Where's Maggie? Well, wot's der use of sayin' anything
about dat. It always was In der family, so let it go. Mag was a good girl
but what else could she do? Are yer out here showin'? (Say, Sully, rush
der chop? an' cut der fat.) At der California in 'Old Lavender?' Yer don't
say so? I hear you've made a ten strike wid dat an' de songs yer wrote.
Sure I'll take der pass. No, I don't want ter go back to Noo York. (Say-
Sully, are yer killin' dem chops?) I've been here for eighteen years, an' I
am told der push is on der hog back East. (Say, Pedro, stop yer spittin'
on der floor. Dyer take dis place for a hospital?) An' I'd rather stay out
on der coast, where der cush comes easy. Well, so long. Will I come ter
see yer at der California? Sure. An' say, when yer feel loike a cup of
coffee Just float in here an' it won't cost yer nuttin'."
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
LOSES BY FIRE
Pattern Storehouse and Its
Contents at Sacramento
Destroyed.
Will Take Many Years to Duplicate
the Models Consumed by
Flames.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April S.— The pattern
storehouse of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, a large three-story building on I
street, between Front and Second, was
entirely Rutted by fire to-night. The loss
is practically incalculable, being estimated
at anywhere between (300,000 and $1,000,000.
All of the patterns used in the railroad
shops since they were first built, except
those being used in the foundries at tue
present time, went up In the flames, and
to duplicate any article of molding now
in use will necessitate the making of new
patterns from the drawings on file in the
office of the master patternmaker. There
were at least 40.0U0 patterns in the build
ings, and all were consumed.
While the origin of vie fire is not known
with certainty, it Is believed to have been
started from the heating pipes winch ran
through the building. It is estimated that
it would take twenty men twenty-five
years to duplicate the patterns destroyed.
It is extremely prooable that the loss
of the patterns will cause a big lay-off in
the shops, as molders cannot possibly
work until patterns have been made.
MAIL CARRIED OUT
bY MATE TILTON.
Package Containing Over Four Hun
dred Letters From the Ice-
Bound Whalers.
PORTLAND. Or.. April B.— George T.
Tilton, third mate of the Arctic whaling
schooner Belvedere, who arrived from
Copper River on the steamer Albion,
delivered at the Portland postofflce 160
pounds of letters from Alaska. A rude
muslin sack, in which the letters were
carried, is labeled "From Fort Get
There, Alaska, United States Mall, by
George Tilton, dog-team mail, from
Point Barrow, Arctic Ocean, via St. Mi
chael, Kadiak, Sitka, Portland."
This package contained 400 letters
from the icebound whaling fleet and
a large number of letters to the War
and other departments of the Govern
ment.
MISS LAUREL CONWELL
WINS THE GOLD MEDAL
Christian Citizenship Contest in the
Santa Cruz Temperance
Convention.
SANTA CRUZ, April B.— The Tri-eounty
Women's Christian Temperance Union
meeting increases in Interest each day.
Last evening was devoted to a Christian
citizenship contest for a gold medal. The
participants were: Harvey Dorr of Santa
Cruz. whOM address was on "Righteous
ness Exalteth a Nation, but Sin Is a Re
proach to Any People"; recitation, "A
Terrible Responsibility." by Miss Laurel
Conwell of Santa Cruz; recitation. "The
Majestic Reform." William McDonald;
recitation. "The Call To-day " Miss Ger
trude Walker: recitation. "The Boys of
America," James Harper
The judges. Professor H. E. Cox, H. C.
Henney and Rev. E. H. Hayden, decided
in favor of Miss Laurel Conwell, who was
presented with a gold medal by Mrs, B.
Sturtevant Peet, the State president.
The morning devotional exercises were
conducted by the State president, Mrs
B. Sturtevant Peet. Reports were read
from the labor, hygiene and heredltv
flower mission and Subbath observance
departments. An interesting open parlia
ment on "Social Purity" was conducted
WILL NOW BEGIN
ACTIONS FOR LIBEL
Members of the Esterhazy Court-
Martial Yet After Emile Zola
and Puhjishwr Perreux.
PARIS, April B.— The officers composing
the court-martial which acquitted Count
Esterhazy met to-day and decided to be
gin civil actions for libel against Emlle
Zola and M. Perreux, publisher of the Au
rore, wh# were recently sentenced to im
prisonment and who were also fined for
making charges, which were not sus
tained, against the conduct of the court
martial. The officers also expressed the
wish that the Minister for War, General
Billot, would ask that M. Emlle Zola be
expelled from the Legion of Honor.
DE YOUNG ANXIOUS
TO BE SENT TO PARIS.
Petition Prepared Representing That
He Is Peculiarly Fitted for Com
missioner at the Exposition.
WASHINGTON, April S.— The friends of
M. H. de Young are again urging his ap
pointment as American Commissioner to
the Paris Exposition. It is understood
that a petition has beer, prepared repre
senting that Mr. de Young is peculiarly
fitted for this position because of his suc
cessful management of ihe California
Midwinter Fair, and the California Sen
ators and Representatives in Congress
are expected to sign It.
ENGINEER'S AWFUL PLUNGE.
Thrown From the Cab of His Loco-
motive and Badly Injured.
TIBURON, April 8. -John Donnelly, an
engineer on the through train running
between I'kiah and Tiburon on the San
Francisco and North Pacific Coast Rail
road, was almost killed near Guerneville
yesterday by being thrown from his en
gine. Donnelly is suffering from severe
| wounds on his head and his right leg is
! broken below the knee.
j Donnelly was standing in the cab of
i the locomotive with one foot on the ten
| aer. when the engine, which was going
at a good speed, rounded a curve. The
! engineer lost his balance and fell off the
: engine. That he escaped with his life
Is considered remarkable. The train was
j brought to a stop and the injured en
: gineer taken to Guernevule, where he is
! being treated.
MINER SUES FOR DAMAGES.
Wants Pay for Injuries Received
While at Work.
REDDING. April B.— John Christensen.
a Buckeye miner.; filed suit to-day In the
Superior Court of this county against the
Ltah and California Gold Mining Com
?i ai £, i°f 20 000 il dai «ages for injuries
olattned to have been sustained while at
work in the defendants mine in the old
q^f Ay» a lker Brothers, bankers of ;
Salt Lake City, are the owners of the
Wants a State Convention.
SANTA CRUZ. April S.-A number of
prominent Democrats have a movement
on foot to have the next State Democratic
Convention meet in Santa Cruz. This city
s well adapted for the handling of a
large convention. X a
Trouble Over Assessments.
SAUSALITO, April S:-There is trouble
brewing over the street assessments In
Sausalito and a number of protests have
been filed with the Board of Town Trus
tees. Among the complainants are John
Schnell, G. W. Richards and H. Appleton.
The claim is made that the property-own
ers have been wrongly assessed, owing to
mistakes made by the engineer. The
claim is that the work on the streets is
not according to the contract; that it has
not been performed In a good and sub
stantial manner.
MAGUIRE AND "BILLY" MASON.
Washington Capitol.
Mason Is a sort of story-tellers' magnet.
Anecdotes cluster about him like iron
filings about a lodestone. One reason for
this is that he has always something to
say. There was that episode of mi with
the hotel clerk. Some men would nave
been embarassed after an encounter of
that kind, seeing their names in all the
papers which a clipping bureau can get
hold of. Mason wasn't; not a bit. He
met a newspaper man not long afterward,
and when the newspaper man asked him
now he came to get into that sort of
scrap he said tha Senator Cullom hud
been attracting so much attention lately :
| with his dog tight that it seemed about
tune for some other Senator to have a
chance at the public eye.
Lately he ..as been winding Congress
man Maguire of CaMxorola. up in his
! tangle of anecoote. Congressman Maguire '
: is snort, fat, curly-haired and looks rather
like .Mason. Sot long ago a man collared
him, metaphorically, of course, in the
corridor, and said:
I "Can 1 have a minute with you? There's
that matter, you -now, that you promised '
to help me about."
Maguire said he didn't remember any- ■
thing about it. :
,This is in reference to that— that i
position you were going to help me get,"
went on the stranger.
Maguire said that he did not think he
had ever met his interlocutor.
"Why," said the office-seeker, "you got j
a job for my brother-in-law and balled
out my nephew, and—"
Then a light began to dawn on the
Calif ornlan, and he said: "I am Congress
man Maguire of California. You will find
Senator Mason at the end of the hall."
About three minutes after he met a !
newspaper man, to whom he told his tale, :
and said that as near as he could remem
ber that was the twenty-ninui man who
had mistaken him for Senator Mason and
wanted help of some kind or other. And
they all said that the Senator had prom-
I ised them help, and acted most confidently
I that he would give it to them— noi con
fident in that insistent, bold, whistle-to
keep-your-courage-up kind of a way, but
confident as people are when they have a
good friend whom they know and on
j whom they can depend. But it strikes me
I that if there are any men whom Senator
! Ma-son really does not want to see he
! might use Maguire very nicely as an
understudy, and it also occurs to me that
before Maguire understood the state of
the case there may have been people who
thought that Mason, in spite of uls cher
ubic air of innocence and good will, was
a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde character,
who was one thing one minute and an
other the next, and could not in the least
be trusted.
A LESSON IN FORESTRY.
Governor Atkinson of West Virginia, in
a late oracular after-dinner speech, de
clared that "the inexhaustible forests of
timber" in his State "could furnish
boards enough to fence in the universe."
We used to talk that way. in Pennsyl
| vania in our salad days, when we were
green in judgment, but we know better
now. With our barren uplands, our ;
dried-up streams and bleak and black
ened mountain sides we are contriving
how we may repair the senseless and
wasteful devastation of the past.— Phila- ■
delphia Record.
SMALL PREY FOR PRIVATEERS.
Excluding our coastwise trade with
America, the total number of American
vessels engaged In foreign trade that
cleared from our ports in 1897 was 739 sail-
Ing vessels and 458 steam. Durinsr the
same time 2171 foreign sailing vessels and
5511 foreign steamships sailed from Amer- ;
lean ports, carrying <S9 per cent of our im
mense foreign commerce. Even if the
dona should prove to be most alert as
privateersmen, there will be small pick- .
ings for them in the way of American
vessels engaged in foreign trade.—Pitts
burg Post.
WESTWARD TREND OF TRAFFIC.
Westward the trend of traffic takes its
way. The Pacific Coast railroads reported
an increase of 33 per cent in earnings for
the month of February. The Alaskan
gold craze helps the Pacific roads might
ily; but there is fast developing the solid
foundation of mighty States on the Pa
cific Coast compared with the volume of
whose industrial production the gold of
the Yukon region will be insignificant.—
Philadelphia Record.
Finger nails grow at the rate of rather
more than l l^ inches in a year.
A FARMER'S MISHAP.
JUMPS FROM HIS WAGON AND IS
BADLY INJURED.
Injuries Which Gilbert Updegraff Sus
tained—Much Suffering Endured.
How He Obtained Relief.
From the Democrat, Goshen, Ind.
Gilbert Updeßraff, a prosperous farmer
living near Goshen. Ind.. In lumping from
his wagon on to a board, a few days ago,
met with a serious accident.
It was feared at first that this accident
was aggravated by rheumatism, which
ailment Mr. Updegraff was troubled with
some time ago in an unusually severe
form. In speaking of it he says:
"About two years ago I was stricken
with rheumatism, and for a year was se
verely troubled with it. It came on me
suddenly during the winter, I don't know
what caused it, unless it was exposure,
about the farm.
"It was the old fashioned rheumatism
and began in my lower limbs, gradually ''.
working up until my arms, hands and
fingers became affected. My body ached ;
all over, especially my limbs, which were
swollen and these by the following spring
Were almost entirely useless. I had to '
hire all my work done that spring and
summer, but did a little work In har
vest time.
"I must have done too much, for soon
after that I was confineu to my bed for
some time. I had the famllv doctor, but
he didn't do me any good. He finally said
he could not help me and advised "me to
try the baths, but I couldn't afford the
expense. Neither could I afford to be an
invalid all my life. Inquiries were made
at the drug store for something that
would be helpful in my case.
"The druggist recommended several i
things, and I tried some of them but '
was not benefited until I used Dr "Wil
tUttas' Pink Pills for Pale People, i gave !
this remedy a fair trial, as I did the ;
others, and soon discovered that it was
different from anytning I had tried
"I found that this was a medicine that '
did what was claimed for it. and when I
had taken about a dozen doses of the Dills
I found that they were helping me I
continued taking tnem. and I am glad to
day that I did. Why that medicine actu
ally cured me and I didn't take niore than
six or seven boxes either.
"It was In January. 1887, that I began
taking the medicine, and I was complete
ly cured by the first of March I beean
early in the spring to do my work arid I
kept it up all summer, not missing a day
I have never had any rheumatic trouble
with ray limbs from that day to this "
"Arid are you positive that it was Dr
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People that
cured you?" asked the reporter.
"Positive, why of course I am. Nothing
else did it. I did not take any other med
icine at the time, and I was never better
until I began taking Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills for Pale People. I have taken noth- j
Ing else since, and of course they are
what did the work." Mrs. T'pdegraff i
agreed with her husband that "he was i
cured of a very severe case of rheuma- !
tism by these pills."
What better proof could a person want
than the above facts? This plainly shows ;
that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale ■
People are unrivaled as a tonic for the !
blood. The secret of perfect health '
strength and beauty is pure blood, and I
impure blood is the foundation of most j
diseases.
One of the first to discover this fact <
was Dr. Williams, who years ago formu- |
lated a combination of vegetable reme- ]
dies which acts on the impure and im
poverished blood. Imparting those ele
ments that purify, vitalize and enrich It. !
thus aiding bodily functions, arousing j
every organ into heal'H'ul action, and in ',
this way restoring the entire system to
health and visor.
That Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Palo !
People do this has been attested to by
thousands all over our lar.d and in for- i
eign climes. These marvelous health re- !
storers are preserved by physicians. In
dorsed by druggists and used by people
everywhere.
CHRONOLOGICAL ERAS.
The year 1898 comprises the latter
Dirt of the 122 d and the beginning of
the 123 d year of the independence of the
United States of America. It corre
fcI The yS t'wii of the Julian period
The year 7406-7407 of the Byzantine
era the year 7407 beginning September 1
The year 5655-5659 of the Jewish era,*
the year 5659 beginning at sunset on'
SS TT P ne m ye e ar 2651 since the foundation of
Rome, according to Varro.
The year 2645 since the beginning of
the era of Nabonassar, which has been
assigned to Wednesday, the ~6Ui of
February, of the 396, th year of the
Julian period: corresponding. In the
notation of chronologies, to the 74<th
and in the notation of astronomers to
the 746 th year before the birth of Christ.
The year 2674 of the Olympiads -r
the second year of the 669 th Olympiad
beginning in July, if we fix the er,i of
che Olympiads at 773% B. C.
The year 2210 of the Grecian era, or
the era of the Seleucidae.
The year 1614 of the era of Diocletian
The year 2553 of the Japanese era ana
the thirty-liret year of the period en
titled Meiji.
The year 1315-1316 of the Moham
medan era, or the era of the. Hegira,
the year 1316 beginning May 22.
January 1, 1898, was the 2,414.2915t
Jay since the beginning of the Julian
period.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OF RELIEF. 4
Two Letters to Mrs. Pinkham.^
Mrs. Johk Williams, Englishtown, 1
N. J. , writes: , j
" Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I cannot be-
gin to .tell you how . I suffered before
taking your remedies. I was so weak ■ \
that I could hardly walk across the floor
without falling. I had womb trouble
and such a bearing-down feeling ; also
suffered with my back and limbs, pain,
in womb, inflammation of the bladder,
piles and indigestion. Before I had
taken one bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound I felt a great deal
better, and after taking two and one-
half bottles and half a box of your
Liver Pills I was cured. If more would
take your medicine they would f uoi
have to suffer so much." - ,
Mrs. Joseph Peterson, 513 East St.»
Warren, Pa., writes: ,-'Vv ? / j
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I have suf-
fered with womb trouble over fifteen
years. v I had inflammation; enlarge-
ment and displacement of the womb.
I had , the • backache constantly, , also
headache, and' was so dizzy. I had
heart trouble, it seemed as though my
heart was in my throat at times chok-
ing me. I could not walk around and
I could not lie down, for then my heart
would beat so fast I would feel as
though I was smothering. I had' to
sit up in bed nights in order to breathe.
I was so weak I conld not do any-
thing. v ; • r - t \j-"_\ ' v
"I have now taken several bot-
tles of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound, and used three pack-
ages of Sanative Wash, and can say
I am perfectly cured. Ido not think
I could have lived long if Mrs. Pink-
ham's medicine had not helped me." **--
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
; In the Superior Court of the City and CVlCit:-
of San Francisco, State of California, De-
partment No. 1.
1 THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als., Defendants. Cause
No. 62.117.
i Notice is hereby given that under and in pur-
suance of the Interlocutory decree In partition
and order of sale heretofore duly made and
i given in the alK>ve-entitle<l court and cause,
I and thereafter, to-wit. on the 6th day of April,
ISh>\ duly entered of record therein, by wnich
6ald interlocutory decree of said the
j undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was appointed by
consent in open court of all the parties to said
action, as sole referee for the purpose of mak-
I Ing sale of the real property hereinafter de-
| scribed, and by which said decree it was
directed that said real property be sold at pub-
lice auction in the manner required by law,
the undersigned, as such referee, will, on Mon-
day, the 9th day of May. IS9B, at the hour of
twelve (12) o'clock m., a.t the real estate office
: and salesrooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co., at No.
14 Montgomery street, in the City and County
I of San Francisco, State of California, sell at
I public auction in separate parcels to the hlgh-
i est bidder for cash in United States gold coin,
i and subject to confirmation by said Superior
[ Court, those certain lots, pieces or parcels of
real property situate, lying and being in said
City and County of San Francisco. State of
California, and bounded and described as fol-
lows, to-wit:
First — Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly comer of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty (80)
feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (80) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred-Vara Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of th«
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred-vara lot.
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street with the westerly line of Octavia street
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelftha
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
elghty-seven and slx-twelftha (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third—Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (117) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12)
feet, thence at right angles southerly and
parallel with New Montgomery street elgtity
(80) feet to the northwesterly line of Minna
street, and thence at right angles westerly
along the northwesterly line of Minna street
fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12) feet to the
point of commencement, being a subdivision of
the one hundred-vara lot number eight (8).
Fourth — Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thenoe eust-
erly parallel with Duncan street eichty (80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly "along
the westerly line of Sanchex street one hun-
dred and tout-teen Ul4) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the Improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of salt and delivery of deed
Dated this 7th day of April, 189S
G. H. UMBSEN.
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior Court
DINKELSPEIL & GESFORD
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. SO6 Claus Spreckels
Building, San Francisco.
< j£jjM)hßßF INJECTION. <
ji A PERMANENT CURE i
111 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea $
I • and Gleet, pnaranteed.in from 3 to 6 C
1 , days ;no other treatment required. ; '•>, 5
] 1 -'. - Sold by all <lrncjri<its.  '■' ".' '■ 5
tVl.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
ff^t Museum of Anatomy
i I^^L 1: " XfSUT ST. let. 6th i 7th, S. T. UL '
B- W W The Its klcdic TTocld. .
l^ll DR. JO RD AN— Private Diseases.
■UtHr Ik ; Conialt«:lBO tn*. Writ* tor Book "
1 Philosophy of Marrjagt.
* ■" '■■«i*iuib'ffltc- : *~- .NO CHANCE
TO GET AT
THE TRUTH
The Water Compa
nies' Hand in Local
Politics.
Inspector Smith Does Not
Testify as He
Swore.
Ex-Mayor Chapman Kills the
Coffin Case at the
Start.
FARCE IN A LAW COURT.
No Desire Now to Use "the People"
In the Great Corporation
Contest.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. April 8.
"I purpose to show that the
Board of Health of the city of
Oakland, and certain officers of
the present city government,
owe their appointment to the ac
tive influence of the Oakland
Water Company, and that these
proceedings were instituted
against Coffin by this water
company; that for a long time
prior to and after the present
Board of Health was appoint
ed the Oakland Water Company
was engaged in slandering the
water of the Contra Costa Com
pany, and that this suit is sim
ply a put-up job of the company
to hoodwink the people. I am
showing- the animus in this suit.
I am trying to show that the
Board of Health is simply the
tool of the Dingee people and
that Inspector Smith is the ex
ecutive officer of the Board of
Health. I don't say that the
water companies are hostile
now. Oh. no, they are two souls
Utterly harmonious; but I pur
pose to show that at the time
this complaint was filed there
was deadly hostility existing be
tween the two watercompanies."
Such was the opening statement of
Mr. Chapman's "purposes" this morn
ing, but the prosecution did not pur
pose that Mr. Chapman should carry
out such a vigorous programme, and
therefore the defendant was dismissed.
The trial of the Coffin case to-day
produced some peculiar testimony and
ended In a farcical manner. Harry
Melvtn, who represented the District
Attorney's office on behalf of the people,
had the thankless task of conducting a
prosecution in which the prosecutors
did not care to prosecute.
The main witness for the people was
Banltary Inspector Smith, and had he
been for the defense he could not have
made a better witness. Mr. Smith stated j
that in the complaint as filed in court
were allegations that he had never
■worn to; that the complaint was inter
lined after he had signeu it, and that j
had he seen it or had it been read to
him in the condition in which it was
filed he would never have sworn to it.
Ex -Mayor Chapman, who appeared j
for Coffin, turned Mr. Smith into a most !
excellent witness for the defendant,
and the prosecution was at the very
outset shown to have no case, llad the i
suit been tried at the time it was filed
in the fall of last year, when the rival
water companies were fighting for pat
ronage, it would have provoked a very
warm contest. Now the companies hay- :
Ing shaken hands there is no longer
any desire to prove on either side that j
the water of the other company is full ,
if microbes and pollution and conse
quently the Sanitary Inspector who ;
ewes his appointment to the Board of ,
Health which owes its appointment to
Mayor Thomas, who is commonly sup- j
posed to have been helped in his elec- I
tion by the water companies, certainly i
has no object in testifying contrary to \
the wishes of those who keep him in of
flee.
It was seen at the beginning that the
case was to be allowed practically to
fall through, as only J. H. T. Watkin
scm of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany, of all the prominent witnesses
summoned, put in an appearance. He
did not hurt the case one way or the
other, his testimony being mostly
stricken out after he had left the
stand. It was the intention of Mr.
Chapman to have produced evidence to
show that Attorney Herrin of the
Water Front Company came over here
last spring, consulted with political
managers and water company mana
gers as to how Oakland should be gov
erned during the coming administra
tion, but, owing to the evident desire
not to hurt anybody, his plans were
thwarted, and after the prosecution
had put in its powerful side of the case
it was so eminently favorable to the
defendant that he was dismissed.
Mr. Coffin was charged with willfully
and all other kinds of ways polluting
n. public water supply against all kinds
"f public health, peace, dignity and
Mmilar civilrights. The evidence showed
that he had not polluted the wat
ers, that there was no water to pollute;
that if there had been any water it j
was not supplied to the people of the
city of Oakland, although it might have
got into the pipes in some manner, and
It was also pro-ved that Mr. Coffin was
rot the lessee of the premises, and that
If a nuisance consisting of the high
misdemeanor charged had been main
tained, it was maintained by John
Avala, who is a tenant of Coffin's, and ;
that therefore the allegations in the
complaint did not in any way concern
th» man who had been arrested and
prosecuted.
Such is the fate of the case which
was begun by one of the water com
panies and which both of them were
anxious to quash when it came to trial.
Their anxiety was quickly relieved.
Evening Classes Commencement.
OAKLAND. April B.— The annual com
mencement exercises of the evening edu
cational department of the Young Men's
Christian Association will be held In the
Auditorium of their building on Tuesday
evening next. The teachers and students
will have a social gathering afterward in
the dining-rooms. The classes in electric
ity, bookkeeping and mechanical drawing
nave passed the International examina
tions, and will receive the certificates is
sued by that body.
Populist State Convention.
OAKLAND, April B.— The matter of in
viting the State Populist Convention to
hold its session in this city was discussed
by the Populist County Central Com
mittee lan evening. It will require about
ww or 1600 to entertain the gathering and
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
before making a bid for it, the committee
appointed a subcommittee of one to as
certain if this could oe raised by popular
subscription. It is expected that 2uo or
300 delegates will be in attendance. The
fusion question will cause a tight, wnien
will cause a lengthy convention.
A YOUNG WIFE FREE.
Mrs. G. R. R. Ainsworth Is
Awarded Her Piano and Also
a Divorce.
OAKLAND, April S.— Captain George
R. R. Ainsworth was divorced to-day
from his girl-wife, and there will be no
sensational trial. The findings in the ea*e.
signed by Judge Hall, were filed this af
ternoon, and were very brief. They
merely stated that it was true that the
defendant married Ida Murphy, that there
were no children, that the charges of ex
treme cruelty were sustained, and touna
that judgment should be entered on be
half of the fair young plaintiff.
The final lindinp. therefore, gives to
Miss Ida Murphy—for she is permitted to
resume her maiden name— the .piano she
so greatly craves, and nothing is said
about alimony or distribution of property.
RESCUED FROM HER MOTHER.
Little Kuth Myer Saved by Mrs.
Prescott of the Children's
Society.
OAKLAND. April S.-Little Ruth
Myer was taken from a house in Berke
ley last night by Mrs. Prescott of the
Children's Society. The child is but 2V4
years old. r.nd her unnatural mother has
left her all alone.
Lillian Myer has been watched by the
police for several weeks, and after as
surances were found that she was not a
fit person to have her child Mrs. Pres
cott \v»s notified and took away the
child at night.
The young mother returned after mid
night and found her child gone. She
hunted vp Mrs. Prescott in the early
hours of this morninj? and tried to make
a scone, but when she discovered that
her method of living was known, she con
sent, d to her child going to the Maria
Kip Orphanage.
A "JOKER" MAY
MAR THE PETITION
Attorney Davis Suspects a Re- i
quest of the C. C. Brock
Company.
On Its Face the Document Asks for a
Change In the Lines of the
Harbor.
OAKLAND, April S.— Following Is the
petition to change the pier-head lines of
the harbor that has been tiled by the C.
C. Brock Company with the Government
engineers:
The undersigned corporation, the C. C. Brock
Company, is a co-owner in sixteen vessels en
gaged in the bay and coastwise trade In and
around San Francisco, C'al.
We are advised that the Government engi
neers who established and laid out the exist
ing pierhead lines in Oakland, Oal., harbor,
inasmuch as the entire water front was at the
time of such survey and location claimed by a
private corporation, bo adjusted such pierhead
lines as not t.j trespass upon private property
for the purpose of avoiding condemnation pro
ceedings and like expenditures.
That since said lines were established, to-wit:
within the past ninety days, a decision has
been rendered by the Supreme Court of this
State which finally settles and determines the
holding of said corporation claimant, which
said decision leaves outside of said pierhead
lines and between them and the property of
said corporation a wide strip of water which
is declared to be in public ownership.
That said water front corporation and other
riparian owner* have the right, however, sub
ject of course to Federal supervision, to con
struct wharves out to said flrst established
pierhead lines.
That the corporation being: the riparian own
er In said harbor is about t.> subdivide and
sell Us water front holdings in said harbor,
which will invite and result in the construction
of a great number of wharves and permanent
improvements out to said pierhead lines and
on both yidet* of said harbor.
That the construction of *uch wharves will
greatly narrow said harbor and render it a
strip of water of varying width but averaging
to some 800 feet only.
That such narrowing will greatly increase the
cost of shipping from said harbor, inasmuch as
it will make towing in and out of said harbor
a necessity, and will prevent ships anchoring
in the stream, so Increasing dock charges.
That further, the selling and Improving of
said water front will largely increase the
commerce of said port, while it will diminish
the facilities for conducting such commerce,
and that, too, in localities most used by com
merce.
The imaginary lines now laid down in said
harbor offer no obstruction to commerce, and
litigation having heretofore suspended the con
struction of wharves, the full width of the
estuary has been and is to-day as much used
by commerce as though formally dedicated
thereto, which we, your petitioners, seek to
perpetuate and secure before extensive Im
provements will render the same less easy,
and perhaps impossible, to effect.
Your petitioners therefore pray that said
harbor lines may be widened so as to Include
within the established pierhead lines all pub
lic lands or waters therein, and so prevent the
construction of wharves beyond the line of
private ownership and forever preserve to com
merce the full width of said harbor.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
THE C. C. BROCK CO..
By T. J. Shannon, Secretary.
W. R. Davis of counsel for the city in
the water-front suits thinks there is
something 1 underlying this petition and
will attend the meeting of the 18th inst.,
at which it will be considered.
TO .twAISE A REGIMENT.
An Unknown Man of Wealth Who
Will Equip a Thousand Mount
ed Infar try.
ALAMEDA, April B.— At the meeting of
Company G last evening the announce
ment was made by a member that a
wealthy gentleman o. San Francisco, who
desired to keep his name a secret for the
present, had derided to raise a regiment
of a thousand men, whicli he proposed to
arm and equip as mounted infantry at his
own expense. He has gone Kast to obtain
permission from the Government authori
ties at Washington to do this, and as
soon as he has obtained the required au
thority he will proceed at once with the
enlistment of men.
He has expressed a desire to raise one
company in Alamoda, and from the recep
!.on accorded the proposition last evening
it promises to be an easy task to accom
plish. The members of Company G of this
city are enthusiastic and are ready to
answer the call at any time to take the
field against the Spaniards.
Young Men's Club.
ALAMEDA, April B.— The Young Men's
Club of the Presbyterian church of this
city is a healthy and growing organiza
tion, and at last nighi. s meeting it was
decided to take steps for the acquirement
and fitting up of athletic grounds for the
use of the members and those of kindred
organizations. A b: park will be
fitted up and other accommodations for
sports of various kinds provided.
Alameda News _. r otes.
ALAMEDA, April B.— James Monroe
Council of the Junior Order of American
Mechanics gave an entertainment last ev
ening at Linderman Hall, which was
well attended.
Attorney R. B. Tappan will leave for
Akron, O. to-morrow to look after the
estate to which he has just fallen a par
tial heir.
Elaborate Easter programmes will be
rendered in most of the churches In this
city on Sunday. Some very good music
is promised.
Charles Hammond of the electric rail
way service is suffering from blood poi
soning In one of his hands, the result of
running the sharp point of a pencil into
a finger some urne ago.
Rev. G. **• Dodson of the Lnitarlan
church will leave for the East and Eu
rope on Tuesday next and will reutrn in
the latter part of October.
The Leota. now being built for the
Alaska trade in the back yard of the resi
dence of D. G. McKenzie, on Clinton ave
nue, in this city, will be launched next
Thursday at high tide.
DIED.
KOCH— In this city, Friday. April 8, 189S, Will-
iam J., beloved son of the late Joseph Koch
and cousin of Frederick, Jacob, Lena and
Mrs. J. Elizabeth, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years 11 months and 4 days.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
ALL ANXIOUS
FOR HARMONY
Young Men Republicans
Seem Unable to
Secure It.
Much Regret Over the Little
Unpleasantness at the
Hall.
Leaders Declare That the Affair Is
Not Possessed of Any Official
Significance.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 8.
Five hundred young men, Republi
cans, are walking around to-day talk
ing on the street corners and in public
places and trying to discover what is
meant by "harmonizing."
There is good reason for the discus
sion. Last night there were two Re
publican Leagues. One waa led by
President Frank Bilger, the other by
President Pulcifer. To-day there are
all the way from four to six clubs,
Murray Laidlaw having developed into
a leader, while there are other fac
tions under disputed leaderships. For
a year the young men Republicans
have been misunderstanding each
other. A week ago one branch, consist
ing of about 350 members, organized
and elected Mr. Bilger. Last night
Harry Pulcifer, who was president of
an original Republican League, sent
out invitations to all the members of
all the young men's Republican leagues
to attend his meeting at Fraternal
Hall.
The response to his invitations over
came by about 350 his mo-si sanguine
expectations. The word was passed {
around among the members of the Bil- ;
ger League to turn out in force, and
they did so.
Mr. Pulcifer called the meeting to
order, but had no sooner done so than
there was some kind of a misunder
standing between him and Murray Laid
law, each of them having same sup
port. The 350 opponents to the Pulcifer
League had all gone there in the inter
ests of harmony.
The meeting had no sooner com
menced than the harmony began to
work. A party from the audience
jumped up on the platform and there
was a mix-up. So-me heavy blows were
struck, Bert Swan figuring in one little
contest, while some innocent members
ran their noses against fists without
any intention of doing so on their part.
Mr. Cal Ewing made an attempt to
speak in favor of harmony, but just
A MEMORIAL TO BISHOP KJP-
Window for t^e Chancel of the Good Samaritan
Mission.
The handsome chapel of the Cathedral Mission of the Good Samaritan at
Second and Folsom Btreets is to be further adorned by the addition of a
very handsome stained-glass window for the chancel, which will be un
veiled on Eaßter morning, April 10. Through the thoughtful kindness and
liberality of Mrs. Colonel Baldwin of New Haven, Conn., a relative of the
Rev. W. I. Kip Jr., who is minister in charge of the mission, this fine
work of art has been provided. Appropriately the window will be a me
morial of the first Episcopal Bishop of California. The window is in every
way worthy of the distinguished prelate whom it commemorates and iv
beauty of color and design will be surpassed by but few other specimens
of the art to be found anywhere. The subject of the illumination is Christ
healing the sick and is an almost perfect copy of Hoffmann's famous pic
ture. The unveiling of the window on Easter morning will be marked with
much ceremony. The execution of the window was intrusted to the United
Glass Works.
at this juncture somebody received a
blow on the lace that knocked him
backward and there was a crash, fol
lowed by the hissing of escaping gas.
One of the chandeliers in the hall had
been knocked down and confusion fol
lowed. Finally J. W. Stetson of the
opposition tried to make a speech, but
while he was doing so policemen at
tracted by the rioting went into the
hall and compelled the harmonizers to
disband.
Much regret is expressed to-day over
the event, and it is acknowledged on
all hands that it would have been bet
ter for the Bilger League, having al
ready claimed to be the genuine Young
Men's Republican League, to have
ignored Mr. Pulcifer's meeting alto
gether. As it is, both sides have suf
fered. The Bilger League has suf
fered in prestige, while the Pulcifer
League has been proved to be greatly
in the minority. The officers of the
Bilger League, including A. H. Breed,
its president, regret the incident and
declare that had not Mr. Pulcifer sent
out his invitations the members would
not have attended.
The matter to-day is being discussed
with more interest even than the Span
ish complications, and it is prognosti
cated that a few individuals who took
a prominent part would have better
for their political interests remained
away.
OAKLAND WINS THE DEBATE.
Second Forensic Contest Between the
Berkeley and Oakland High.
Schools.
BERKELEY, April B.— The Oakland
High School won the second inter-high
school debate between Oakland and
Berkeley at Shattuck Hall, Berkeley, to
night. The question for debate was, "Re
solved, That the Steam Railroads of the
United States Should Be Owned and Op
erated by the United States." The
Berkeley Hiph School, which had the af
firmative, was represented by Harry
Johnson, W. A. E. Woods and Leon Mar
tin. For the negative were the Oakland
High School debaters— Winfield H. Dorn,
Louis A. Roseberry and Ben \>. Reed.
Leo H. Dungun, president of the Berke
ley High School Forum, made the opening
address. Hay McCargar, president of the
Oakland High School Senior Debating
Society, responded. The judges of the de
bate were Professor Thomas R. Bacon of
the University of California, Judge S. P.
Hall of Oakland and Horace G. Platt of
San Francisco. The committee of arrange
ments in charge of the debate consisted
of the following: Loring I. Barker, l^ouis
Cling, Harry A. Jonnson, Edward A.
Spencer, Clii'ton Knoll and "Wintleld M.
Dorn.
Garbage Crematory to Move.
OAKLAND, April B.— Steps have been
taken to remove the plant of the Oak
land Garbage Crematory from its present
location at Peralta and Twenty-eighth
Btreets. The 'orporation proposes to con
tinue its fight to secure the exclusive
contract to dispose of the city's garbage.
It recently paid the $300 due the city as
the second installment on the bonus of
fered. It proposes to try to secure a
franchise in Alameda and in that event
it will locate the plant on the marsh
between the two cities.
Harbor Dredging to Begin.
OAKLAND, April B.— Actual work upon
the dredgitig of the Oakland harbor below
Webster-streel bridge, for which a con
tract amounting to $101,500 has just been
let, will not begin for four weeks yet.
The dredjr^r which is to do the work is
at present in Vallejo on a Government
job and will nut leave it until finished
or the other one Is repaired sufficiently
to replace it.
THRASHED HIS
WIFE'S LOVER
Rajas Found Aston in His
House Christmas
Day.
Quickly Acqu.tted of Battery
He Will Soon Get a
Divorce.
The Visitor Was Caught Hugging
and Kissing the De:endant's
Wife.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 8.
Many of the leading Portuguese res
idents at Alvarado were in Judge Hall's
courtroom to-day to hear and testify
in the divorce case brought by Guada
lupe Ilajas against his wife, Refugio A.
Rajas. The parties to the suit are
well known in the upper part of the
county and their trouble has aroused
great interest.
Rajas blames his neighbor, Philip
Aston, for breaking up his family and
in his story he tells of finding Aston in
I his home and of giving him a severe
\ thrashing. This occurred on Christ
j mas day. Rajas returned home and
! saw Aston kiss his wife. This was
' more than his patience could stand, so
| he used his fists on his wife's lover.
! Aston was foolish enough to have Ra
; jas arrested for battery and the trial, a
| few weeks ago, created quite a sensa
i tion in Judge Richmond's courtroom.
Rajas demanded a jury trial and a
1 jury of the most wealthy citizens was
impaneled, representing over a million
dollars.
Kajas took the stand in his own be
half, admitted the truth of the charge
and told his story to the jury. He said
he went home on Christmas day and
found Aston making love to his wife.
He had previously given Aston warn
ing to keep away, but the warning had
been disobeyed. Rajas said that he
did not feel inclined to kill Aston, so
he merely thrashed and gave him a
black eye. The jury promptly acquitted
him on the charge of battery and the
story was told in the Superior Court
to-day, as showing the standing of Mrs!
Rajas in the vicinity of his home.
The plaintiff had made out his case,
but as there are three daughters of
Mrs. Rajas by a former husband, it
was decided in their interest to mod
ify the allegations, and the complaint
when amended will be confined to
cruelty and neglect. Rajas will be
granted his divorce after his attorney,
ex-Judge E. M. Gibson, has amended
the complaint.
BASKET-BALL GIRLS.
They Are Beady for the Interstate
Fray This Afternoon.
BERKELEY, April B.— Half of Reno and
the whole of the University of Nevada
were at the Reno depot last night to shout
for the basket-ball team and to wish it
success. Passengers trying to sleep in the
Pullmans were roused when they reached
Nevada's metropolis by the free, loyal,
full-lunged Nevada boys' repeated good
by to the sagebrush co-eds.
Wah! Hoo! Wah!
Zip. Boop! Ah.
Rah! Rah! Rah!
Nevada!
At Sixteenth street, Oakland, the sage
brush athletes were met by Mrs. Magee,
who Is to referee Saturday's game, and a
committee of two Berkeley co-eds. The
whole party, chaperoned by Mrs. .T. N.
Evans, wife of the president of the Board
of Regents of Nevada's university, and
Miss Bardenwerper, and accompanied by
wee, golden-haired, gray-eyed , Rowena
Evans, the Nevadans' mascot, proceeded
to the Cliff House, where luncheon was
served and all the sights > were enjoyed.
They will return to Reno Sunday evening.
'Miss- Mayme Merrit of Stanford has
consented to act as umpire of the great
game.
The Nevada team does not expect to
defeat the clever Berkeley girls.
"We are a new team," said pretty Cap
tain Louise Ward. "We've had only three
weeks' -practice, and we're particularly
unfortunate just now, because our best
player, Nell Lewers, is ill and had to be
left at home. Miss Mclntyre has kindly
jumped into the breach, and will play
right center. But she is out of practice,
having played only three times within the
past year. . Three of the team are just
recovering . from the grip. So you see
we're not in the best condition. Still, we
have excellent individual players, thougn
our team work isn't ail we'd wish it, to De,
and we intend to play as hard and as well
as we can. If we're beaten, our defeat
will teach us something, for Nevada Uni
versity girls haven't had an opportunity
to, see a game of basket-ball, much less
to take part in one against a trained
team."
The Berkeley co-eds are in excellent
training, and will play a very interesting
game. Should they succeed in carrying
oft the basket-ball honors, as is probable,
there will not be the slightest ill-feeling
between the two teams of fair athletes,
for the generous hospitality 01 Berkeley
has quite won the hearts of the Nevada
girls.
EDITOR HOPPER WROTH.
Charges Stanford Athletic Authori
ties With Using Methods Un
sportsmanlike and Dishonest.
BERKELEY, April 8. — Editor James
Hopper of the University Occident in to
day's issue of the college weekly charges
the athletic authorities at Stanford with
acting the part of wily diplomats and re
sorting to methods "unsportsmanlike, pet
ty, mean, dishonest and unworthy of a
great university." Hopper bases his
charges upon the refusal of the Stanford
tennis authorities to meet California's
representatives to arrange for an inter
collegiate tournament, and the determina
tion of Stanford's track athletic repre
sentative to protest Ray Carroll, one of
California's athletes, after announcing
that no such action would be pursued.
Editor Hopper's caustic denunciation of
Stanford's methods is in part as follows:
It seems, from all evidences, that Stan
ford athletics are directed by men who
play the wily diplomats. They delight in
puerile and mean ntue maneuvers, affect
deep distrust of our most natural actions,
counterplot darkly against the atrocious
schemes of their own imaginations. They
lose athletic agreements: they refuse to
ratify clauses of intercollegiate agree
ments proposed v tneir own representa
tives; they seek to evade the tennis tour
nament, or, at least, to delay it to tne
period of our exes. They seek success in
a tortuous and ridiculous Machiavellism
which is exasperating. This deplorable
tendency is evidenced in the method by
which they seek to deprive us of one of
our best athletes. Stanford University is
going to protest Ray Carroll at the next
P. A. A. meeting. This threat is not of
a nature to affright us into hysterics. The
charges against Carroll are ridiculous.
Ray Carroll acts as monitor at the Deaf
and Dumb Asylum. Among his multiple
duties is the one of leading the children
in the callsthenic exercises. It is this
heinous offense which is unbearable to
Stanford athletic Puritans and the cause
of the crusading wrath.
Now that the field day is imminent;
now that there is no time for investigat
ing the matter thoroughly, representa
tives of Stanford University suddenly
change their mind %nd announce their in
tention of protesting Carroll. Is this not
an answer to our question? Does not this
discover the purpose of Stanford men in
The fao-simile ytf L//^*,*?^ *• Oli ever 7 "wrapper
signature of C#m//z7<CUc£<AZ of CASTOEIA.
protesting Carroll? It certainly seems so.
It looks like a de.iberate attempt to be
smirch the brilliance of our victory by
false accusations, by insidious calumny;
it looks like an endeavor to halo the r««
diance of our success with false haze of
doubt and uncertainty. It is an attempt
to make our hard-won conquest unsatis
factory and questionable. It is a proceed
ing unsportsmanlike, petty, mean and dis
honest, unworthy of a great university.
READY 'xO MEET STANFORD.
Berkeley Baseball Players Are Given
a Bally by Student Enthusisasts.
BERKELEY, April B.— The first of the
series of three baseball games between
the University of California and Stanford
University will take place at Recreation
Park, Eighth and Harrison streets, San
Francisco, to-morrow afternoon at 3
o'clock. The remaining two games of the
series will be played on the 16th and 30th
inst., respectively.
The Berkeley students gathered on the
campus this morning to give the team a
rally before the game. Brief remarks
were made by the members of the team,
Professor Syle and a number of prominent
students. Yells and cheers were prac
ticed for use in the big game to-morrow.
The California nine practiced yesterday
and to-day at Recreation Park, where the
game will be played. The Varsity, as it
will line up to-morrow, is as follows:
Catcher, Mem; pitcher, Kaarsburg; first
base. Bride; second base, McLaren; third
base, Baer; shortstop. McCabe; left held,
Chesebrough; center field, Hoag (captain);
right field, Collins.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April B.— F. W. Kerns of
Hollister. a freshman student in the col
lege of mechanics, has been awarded the
Levi Strauss scholarships made vacant by
Che resignation of Saul Epstein '00.
The freshmen have decided to hold their
Bourdon burial celebration on the univer
sity campus on Monday evening, April 20.
Professor Edmund J. James of the Uni
versity of Chicago, formerly of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania and president of
the American Academy of Political and
Social Science, has accepted the invita
tion extended by President Kellogg on
behalf of the regents to deliver the com
mencement address to the graduating
class on May 18.
Captain R. P. Thomas of Berkeley has
applied to Secretary of War Alger for
permission to recruit soldiers In Alameda
County for war with Spain.
The trustees of the South Berkeley
Presbyterian Church have purchased the
lot on the southwest corner of Lorin and
Russell streets for the erection of a new
church edifice.
Professor E. H. Griggs of Stanford
University will lecture at Stiles' Hall on
Sunday evening, under the auspices of
the Berkeley Unitarian Society, on "The
Ethics of Hamlet."
The annual election of directors of the
Students' Co-operative Society at the
university to-day resulted in the election
of the following board of directors: Pro
fessor M. W. Haskell, Professor C. C.
Plehn, E. T. Clark, W. W. Mem and E.
R. Leach.
".Prosecution to Rest.
OAKLAND, April S.— The Martin $50,000
damage case was to-day continued until
Tuesday, when it is expected that the
plaintiff will finish his testimony and rest
the case. The usual motion for a non
suit will then follow, but those who have
followed the testimony declare that this
will not be granted, as too good a case
has been made out. Dr. W. S. Thorne,
president of St. Mary's Hospital of San
Francisco, was a good witness to-day,
and will complete his testimony Tuesday.
Dr. Young of Irvington. who attended the
injured man at first after the accident,
will be the last witness. He is at the
deathbed of his sister in Oakdale or tho
case would have gone on to-morrow.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, April B.— Johanna Christen
sen was sent to Stockton to-night at the
request of her brother, for insanity.
Judge Hall granted a divorce this after
noon in the Rajos case on the petition of
the husband.
The report that the Associated Charities
would close their woodyard does them a
great Injustice, as it is without founda
tion. They never close for any reason,
but a cprtain local evening paper makes
such a statement regularly.
L. C. Clinton- of Glenn County has filed
a suit for $2500 damages against John
Gale of 1319 Broadway. The case has been
transferred to this county for trial.
Ebell Annual Election.
OAKLAND, April s.— The annual meet
ing and election of the Ebell Club w"ru*
held to-day. Out of the 4M» members 171
attended the polls. The following board
of nine directors was elected: Mrs. Bun
nell, Mrs. A. W. Bishop. Mrs. I. Cockroft,
Mrs. Lullds, Mrs. Prentiss Selby, Miss
Jennie Huff. Mrs. E. W. Owen. Mrs. H.
B. Pinney. Mrs. Bunnell will be re-elected
president.
Swindlers in Australia.
ALAMEDA, April B.— Word ha.« been re
ceived that a couple of confidence opera
tors who swindled a good many Alameda
people a couple of years ago have been at
their old tricks in Australia, and have
just reaped a harvest. Augustus Howard
wa.s the name of tne chief of the couple,
and he was the one who did most of the
illicit scheming. He had a patent gas
machine, with which and a- lot of bogus
diamonds he swindled several people in
this city and in San Francisco. They fin
ally made a good haul arr' left for Aus
tralia. Under the names of Lee and h.i
liott they have now swindle a number of
people in Sydney out of s<^*ne $20,000 with
the same bogus gas machine they oper
ated here.
SOCIETY EVENTS.
The wedding of Miss Blanche Goggin
and Clyde C. "Westover (with the firm
of Hirschman & Co.) took place on April
2, at the residence of the bride, before the
relatives and a few Intimate friends, Rev.
E. J. Lion officiating. The bridal party
entering the beautifully decorated
parlors was preceded by Miss Maude and
Master Clyde Curley, tne niece and
nephew of the br'de, followed by the maid
of honor. Miss May Miles. The bride en
tered last, on the arm of her brother.
After the ceremony congratulations
were showered on the young couple, after
w-.ch a wedding breakfast was served
at tete a tete tables. The bride's dress
was white organdie over satin, the brides
maid being also in white, over pink. Tne
happy couple were the recipients of many
beautiful gifts. ±ar. and Mrs. Westover
have left for San Jose, where the honey
moon will be spent.
Mrs. D. Gorman and her daughter, Miss
X F. Gorman, left San Francisco April
1. They will go to Los Angeles, San Diego
and Mexico, returning in three months.
Mrs James O'Brien has gone to Sausa
lito to remain until they return.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Kahn (nee Clayburgh)
have returned from their southern trip,
and have left for an extended European
The Mystics will five an Easter party
next Tuesday evening at Native Sons'
Captain and Mrs. Charles Minor Goodall
have returned from their wedding trip,
and are at home at 150 Lake street, Oak-
Coionel J. C. Currier and family are at
San Mateo for the summer. Mrs. cur
rier's mother and sister, Mrs. Smith, and
Miss Greenwood Smith, who are spending
the winter on tais coast, are with them.
I^r. and Mrs. Homer Craig have sold
their Lake-street home, across the bay,
and w... hereafter pass the winters in
San Francisco and the summers in Los
Gatos.
Miss Ethel Pomeroy, who has be«n
spending the winter at the Occidental
Hotel, is now the guest of Mr. and Mrs.
W. V. "Witcher. .
The wedding of Henry Mltau and Miss
Alice Taussig will take place at the home
of the bride's mother, 2127 California
street, on Sunday, the 17th inst. It wnl
tee a quiet family affair.
Huntington's Reply.
At a recent meeting of the Board of
Supervisors, a resolution was passed
asking the Market-street Railroad Com
pany if it would pave that portion of
Market street with bitumen it is required
by law to keep in repair, to conform to
the rest of the street where it is proposed
to lay the new pavement. Yesterday
Clerk Russell received a brief reply
signed by H. E. Huntington, stating that
the directors had held their annual meet
ing just before the Supervisors' request
had been received, but that he would be
willing to meet any representative of the
board it might designate and talk the
matter over.
PRINTERS CLAIM
AN ADVANTAGE
One More Offics Reported to
Have Acceded to Their
Demands.
Other Unions Coming to the Front
With Promises of Assist
ance.
The striking printers claim tn have
made a slight gain, as it was stated yes
terday piat one more office had conceded
to the new scale of prices and had put
on a small force of union men to work
the nine houA at the same wages for
merly paid for ten. The Typothetae con
tradicts this statement emphatically and
claims that if there be any advantage it
is on its side of the house. None of the
offices are working with as large a force
as i dry carried last week, but that is ex
plained by the fact that the shops were
pushed to their full capacity to clear out
the old orders, and what orders have been
received since that time will be held back
as long as possible in the hope of a
speedy settlement of the difficulties.
Mr. Crocker said yesterday that a man
up north had wired him to the effect that
he had fifty men ready to ship down at
once, but he had .informed him that all
he wanted was three good pressmen, and
these were immediately sent to him.
They all proved to be competent men.
A story was published in a morning
paper yesterday to the effect that the old
hands had gone back in three offices at
the old scale of wages, but this is most
emphatically denied at the union head
quarters and notice was posted on the
bulletin board to the effect that the en
tire story was woven out of a tlssue-of
lies and the outlook was very encourWg
ing. To further strengthen this the em
ployes of two of the offices in question
appeared at headquarters and issued a
statement that "they were not working,
have not been working and will not re
sume work for the firm in question or any
other firm until the nine-hour work day
is conceded, and most respectfully and
.- trenuously protest against being placed
in a false position by any one." The of
fice where the men were reported to have
gone back, that of Upton Brothers, em
ployed live printers previous to the strike,
and but two of these, the foreman and
his brother, are now working. A mem
ber of the Typothetae is authority for
the statement that this foreman received
$24 per week previous to the strike, but is
now working for $15.
At the meeting of the Labor Council
last night the strike was the chief topic
and the paper which published the al
leged misleading statement was de
nounced in the bitterest terms. The dele
gates were Instructed to call the atten
tion of their respective unions to this
story and have action taken on it of such
a decisive nature that it will in future
publish labor items in a fair and impar
tial manner.
W. J. McArthur of the Sailors' Union
reported that he had received a commis
sion as organizer for the Western States
for the A. F. of L., and. as this would
take him to Utah during May he would
willingly represent the council at the
Western Miners' Association, to be held
in Salt Lake City early in that month.
He was granted credentials.
The varnishers and polishers also met
last evening and resolved to tender their
unqualified support to the printers in
their struggle and to do all in their power
to aid the cause both as an association
and as individuals.
Union No. 22, Carpenters and Joiners,
met last night and indorsed the action of
the printers in the heartiest manner. This
union has nearly 500 members, and when
a resolution was offered tendering the
full and unqualified support of the union
to tne printers it was carried unanimous
ly. The recognition which the card issued
by the Building Trades Council is meet
ing was also considered a matter for con
gratulation.
BASEBALL AT CENTRAL PARK.
Oakland and Olympics of the Pacific
States League to Meet at Cen
tral Park To-Day.
Oakland will line up against the Olym
pics at Central Park this afternoon in a
regular schedule game for the Pacific
States' League championship. The make
up is as follows;
Oaklands. Olympics.
Hammond
Krug
Goslinsky
Ward
Brockhoff
Eagan
Croll
Pyne
Dunleavy
Catcher Scott
Pitcher .'...Knell
— i First base B. Mertes
1 Second base White
Third base Johnson
Shortstop Smith
Left field Hildebrand
Center field Bliss
Right field ...Fitzpatrick
AT RECREATION PARK.
Recreation Park will be given over to
the university teams to-day, when Stan
ford and California will play the first of
a series of three games. To-morrow
Fresno will make its first appearance
here, going against the San Franciscoa
of the California League.
. . — .^H- _^ .
WANTS CALIFORNIA THEBE.
Special Commissioner B. W. Bichard
son Here for the Trans-Miss
issippi Exposition.
R. W. Richardson, a prominent lawyer
of Omaha and special commissioner to
California from the Trans-Mississippi
Exposition, is at the Palace, where he
arrived last night on the overland.
Mr. Richardson is here to see if he can
not interest the people of California,
through their Governor and large mer
cantile bodies, in the exposition he rep
resents. He wants the people here to
take active steps to see that their State,
which is the only State west of the Mis
sissippi that has not already done so, ba
fully as well represented at the exposi
tion as the others.
Mr. Richardson says he is not here in
the endeavor to raise or ask for money.
He wishes no appropriation for site or
buildings. All that will be taken care of
by the exposition authorities. He merely
wants the Chamber of Commerce, the
Mining Bureau, together with the Gov
ernor and other public and influential
officials, to use their influence to have all
the different industries of the State well
represented.
Mr. Richardson will probably remain
here several weeks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GUNUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
. ':-■ .FOB——
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, «ure, gentle." hi \iiih. MidicaU
CAUTION: ' See that the label bear* the signa-
ture of the firm. • *
Andreas Saxlehner.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<»-.*> KURXTKT. - Established
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. ■ Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. ITiedoctorcures when
others fall. Try hlni. Chßrsres low.
I'nrrnguarnnlr'il. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *■'. uIB>U.\, Box 1957. Sfta FnuwUoa
1112
THE LOST GIRL
SHOWED UP
Finished in Front of a
Good Field at Nerv
ous Odds.
Tha Southern Colt Ojai Too
Fast for a Band of
Youngsterj.
Charles Le Bel Scored In a Fierce
Drive— Favorites Went by the
Board.
The "run for Riley races" have com
menced. Lost Girl at odds of Bto 1
won a mile and a sixteenth race at
Oakland yesterday ridden by young
Gray, and the running of some of the
horses behind her would furnish an
Interesting set of kinetoscope views.
Thorpe's honesty can be vouched for,
but he rode a supremely ridiculous race
aboard the favorite, Earl Coohran, and
6ome mornins will awaken to find him
self no longer the idol of the far west
ern turf. H. Martin on Paul Pry, con
sidered the "dangerous horse." got into
all. sorts >if mix-ups during the jour
ney, getting along In time to be beaten
a neck by the Sobrante mare in 1:48^.
If the race was a "shoo in," it was a
cleverly managed arrangement.
The racing throughout the afternoon
was replete with upsets, Merry Boy
and Sweet Faverdale being the only
favorites to take purses.
The talent mad^ T.wanda a mild fa
vorite for the opening seven-furlong
run, but though she had the advantage
of "Skeets" Martin's riding, she found
the distance too far. The race resulted in
Charles Le Bel, Octuruck, Elsmore and
Duke of York finishing heads on the
■wire In the order named. Le Bel. the
winner, ridden by Thorpe, went to the
post at odds of 5 to 1.
A cheap band of "crabs" started in
the mile selling run following. Merry
Boy, the 13 to 5 favorite, with <\ish
Sloan up, won off from Tom Smith, a
7 to 1 chance. Mirambo was a fair
third. Zaraida. backed from 12 down
to 3, blew up in the run home.
OJal, a fast son <>f the Southern Cali
fornia sire, Sid, took trie three and a
half furlong scramble for two-year-olds
In a head finish from Banewor, the
Burns & Waterhouse entry. The pair
were in front from the start, but the
former had a higher turn of speed and
won out in the last jump. Sweet Cakes,
the favorite, away none too well, fin
ished a close third. The winner was
3 to 1 around post time.
It took vigorous riding on the part of
Thorpe to get Sweet Faverdale home
winner of the fifth event, over one mile
and a sixteenth. The mare was equal
choice in the ring with Song ami Dance
and after the latter and Amelia Fonso
had pet the pace to the bend for the
wire. Thorpe began riding the brown
mare and. extended to the last ounce,
downed Plan less than a length. Holmes
by poor riding threw away the place
with Watomba.
In the final six-furlong run. Sport
McAllister, the favorite, and Lucky
Star, the second choice, had it all their
own way from the start. In a hard
drive. Ptufflet on the latter earned th«
verdict by a head. Miss Ruth at en
ticing odds was third.
TO-DAY'S IN TRIES.
First Race — Three-quarters of a mile: selling:
four-year-olds and upward.
F66 Distinction 9S TCS Howard 103
747 Widow Jones .. r * 72? Nervoso 103
614 Dolore 101 S3* Potentate 106
745 Santa Paula . ... 98 ' 753 P.it Murphy 103
£4! Queen Nubia 1*1 : (SODSllver State ...:iol
857 Sea Spray 103 *■'" Plumeria 107
567 Sly 101 SJS Wm. Plnkerton.lo9
777 Judge Stouffer..lool
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-1 36th day of th«*
Winter Meeting, Friday, April 8, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
O£»O FTP.PT RACK Seven furlongs: selling: three-year-olds; purse. $300.
Ini<>x. Horses. Weight, St. >4ra. 4m. *lm. Str. Fin. | Jockeys
[orses.
'eight.
'.:n.
SIS Charles Le Bel 104 6 41 SI 2 4 ... Ih Thorpe ' 6 5
837 Ockturuck 104 1 8 7 1 6h 3ls ... 2h Ames I 15 JO
(Sol) Elsmore 11012 2 4 14 3 4 ... 3h ; Mclntyre ! 3 10
551 Duke of York 11....112 1 6 4 7 2 6 4 ... 4 4 Shields 5 6
(722) P. A. Finnejran IK; 9 10 ,92 R 4 ... 64 Hennessy I 10 12
841 EFtro l.i 5 814 S 2 7 1 ... 6 4 C. Sloan 3 5
862 Towanda US 7 3 4 4 14 4 1 ... 7 2 H. Martin.... 6 3
844 Magnus Vi 10 5 4 5 4 9 2 ... 8 4 'Clawson 20 30
844 Ballister IM 1 4 lh 2184 ... 9 2 H. nrown.... 6 12
850 Ternary 1091 3 ... 9 4 10 ... 10 PigKOtt I S 10
Time, 1:234. V.'inner, J. MacManus 1 b. g. by St. Carlo-Imp. Maiden Belle. Good start.
Won first three driving. ■ /
6
15
3
10
3
6
20
6
8
5
JO
10
6
12
5
3
30
12
10
O£}Q SECOND
and upward; purse, $200.
788 Merry Boy. 4 109 1
720 Tom Smith. 4 197 3
791 Mlrambn. 5 110' 6
740 Olivia. 6 106 2
671 Robbins. 4 l<l7'lo
gf>7 Purward. 4 Ill 1 9
740 Carter D. 4 109' 7
79« Zaralda. 4 I<*' 4
gn3 Rylvoftter. 6 US 1
740 Jay Wheeler, 4 107 5
850 Loa Tronpos. 4... ... 109 ! 11
3 2
1 h
5 1
7 1
9 1
« 4
11
2 2
6 h
4 4
10 1
3 4
1 h
4 1
6 1
7 2
5 2
9 1
2 1
10
8 4
11
1 2
2 2
6 4
6 4
8 1
4 4
9 2
3 4
7 1
10
11
1 3
2 4
3 2
-7^
6 1
8 2
6 1
9
10
11
12 fC. Sloan
2 4 H. Martin....
3 2 H. Brown
4 V, Enos
6 10 IRoulller
6 4 IShields
7 2 IMcElhanon ..
8 Iciawson
9 ! Mooney
10 IGouin
11 iGolden
4 13-1,
3 8
6 5
.8 15
20 60
3 6
100 100
in 3
30 30
10 15
20 15
Time, 1:434. Winner. Mrs. A. Dodge - s eh. g. by Imp. Merriwa-Llzzle Hooker,
start. Won easily.
Good
870.
THIRD RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds ; purse, $350.
im.
721 OJal 951 1
760 Banewor I^3 2
(846) Pweet Cakes 106 4
858 La Paras=euse 100 i 3
832 Royal Fan 103 ; 6
618 Also Ran 103- 5
610 Stone L 104 7
1 4
2 4
4 3
3 3
6 2
& 2
7
1 h
2 3
3 4
4 3
5 2
6 3
7
ißulz 4 3
!Thorp» I 2 13-6
IH. Martin ! 8-6 11-5
Clawson 6 8
Brown | 10 15
Woods 15 g
!Enos 25 60
Time. :42. Winner, Howard &. Thacker's b. g. by Sid-Dottle Dimple. Good start. Won
first three driving.
C7l FOT'RTH RACE-Ow and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and up-
O C ■• ward; purse. $<00.
Index. Hor?i>s. Weight St. Std. %NT %m. Stir! Pin. I Jockeys. \6p. Cl
861 Lost Girl. 4 W2 3 4 Sh 3 4 14 14 in Gray 6 6
857 Pnul Pry. 6 10->! 5 61 76 54 24 24 2ns H. Martin.... 3 7-2
£27 Don Clarenclo. 4...V3 4 72 5 1 63 41 4n 32 McDonald ... 20 60
843 Earl Cochran. 5....103 1 61 2h 2h 5 2 34 44 Thorpe 3 9.5
*,34 Coda. 5 101' 7 8 8 8 6 h 6 2 f. 3 H. 8r0wn.... 10 22 r >
Bc2 Rev del Tlerra. 4...103' 6 2 4 42 4 4 72 72 65 Clawson 8-5 2
St.o Saliibnry n. 3 mi' 3 lh 12 11 34 54 75 lllclntyre .... 10 40
S46_Gla.l Eyes. 4... 9S S 4 4 6h 7 3 8 'i 8 !J. Woods 16 100
Time, 1 4SV Winner. E. G. McConnell's eh. m. by Sobrante-Nellle K. Good startT^Won
first thrf driving.
ra V.\U7- •••
, Martin....
cDonald ...
horpe
6 '
3
20
3
10
8-5
10
16
6
7-2
60
9-5
SI
2
40
100
. 8r0wn....
lawson
clntyre
Woods
own FIFTH RACE-One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward-
O C ■*•• purse. $400. . -
Index. Horses" Weight" [St. Std" %m. 4m. \m~ Sir" Fin. I jockeys. (Op! Cl.
(415) Sweet Faverd&le. 6.107 3 4h 3 4 34 3 4 I 4 In Thorpe .... 2 7-5
719 Plan. 3 88 6 6 6 5 1 414 5 1 2h Woods ..... 3 7-2
Wntnmhr I.• "2 1 2 4 4 2 44 61 3h. 3 4 Holmes ...... 20 2')
m Amelia Fonso, 5.. ..101 2 11 14 14 • 14 lh 44 H. Martin.... 12 •12
84? Ron fcnd Dance, a.103 5 31 23 21 2h 44 52 Clawson 6-5 6-5
852 Lena, 4. ....: . ....... 99; 4 5 3 6 4 6 6 6 6 Mclntyre_ 15 25
~ Time. 1:49. Winner. Burns * Waterhouse's eh. m. by Faverdale-lmp. Sweet Home
Good start. Won first three driving. . . . 4 ; •
tin....
i
c ....
qwq SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
Clldi par—, $350.
Index. "HorseeT Weight. [St. %m. Vjm. <jm. Str. Fin. [ Jockeys. iOp! CT.
Lucky Star, 4 1
Sport McAllister. 6.:
Miss Ruth, 6 :
Atticus, 4 :
Roy Carruthers, 4..:
Florimel. 4 ]
Allahabad. 8 1
Walter J. 6 1
Mount Roy. a !
McFarlane, 6 '.
Pescador. a :
3
2
1
8
[S
5
7
li
4
10
6
•
2 2
?. 4
7 5
.83
3 2
6 4
9 2
4 h
10
;- : 6 2
2 2
1 n
4 2
7 2
5 4
6 h
8 2
6 1
9
10
1 h
2 5
8 1
4 2
6 2
6 h
7 2
8 3
9
10
1
asy ....
y
» .......
n *..'...!
ey
sn
•d ......
2
4
30
20
30
6
30
«
10
3
10
■ . ■ • Left. ■• - ■ ■ ■■■ r '-' T ' ■ ■• ' ' ' ■ • ■-'• ••■• '
. '• Time. l:0S4. Winnw. X. Dolan'sbr. g. Imp. Friar Tuck-Keepsake. Good rtart. Won
,^flr«t three driving.
Second^ace— Be yen furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
524 Floronso 100 ! 529 Melv. Burnham.loo
533 Midian M3i 567 Mocorlto 9o
849 Colonel Dan H*)i (SCo)Free Lady S5
Third Race — One and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and upward: selling.
is;,T)Caspar LOCI S7l Karl Cochran.. .107
fv.4)Honito !'2 MM Huokwa 107
$60 lioubie Quick. .. ll') 1 iMOGood Friend — 89
Mfi San Marco lMi iS6o)Alvarado II 107
Fourth Race — Four and a half furlongs; the
General Arthur Stakes; value, JI2SO; two-year
oldi.
... San Gunado 10S SJ3 Maud Ferguson. 120
843 Panlment ios s."i3 San Ramon 10S
iM.itToluca 112 '(S32)Natlve Son 112
»"l i bsidlan 10S iSG4)Ohr.thus 123
i-64 La vat or 101 . 543 I^eo Vertner 112
... Maliakwa 10s 766 Magdalenas ....120
Fifth Race— One and a quarter miles; all
ages: Burns Handicap.
Ml Marplot 94 (569) Buck Massle ...123
M 0 Morellltn VM ... Candelarla 105
ißf.s)Fonsovnnnah ...10J C810)O«tler Joe 123
iv-i'iiTrnverser 112 $40 Llnstook 107
(804) Won't Dance ...IK' 797 Scarborough ....118
(.'.OOiSatsuma 1-?.
Sixth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; Free
Handicap; three-yiar-olds and upward; purse,
$500.
856 Belllcoso 111 l 565 Official 85
841 Libertine 112 <*38) Tea Rose II 11l
M 0 Recreation K>6 Sl2 McLight 10S
(566) May W 117 855 Zamar II 9S
Mf oronr.ell 1181
Seventh Race— Three-quarters of a mile; four
year-olds and upward: selling.
SM Refugee 103 566 Robalr 106
733 Rofidwarnier ...103 S3S R. Q. Ban 106
860 Xewsgatherer ..109. 842 McLlght 106
555 Zamar II 103 (SfO)Pelxotto 100
SSS Midllght 107: 80S Olive 1M
841 Chappie 101' 7»S Imp. Mistral 11.109
(79S)I.odestar 103^ 867 Break o - Day. ..104
SELECTION.- FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Sly, Judge Stouffer, Howard.
Second Race— Colonel Dan, Free Lady, Alld
ian.
Third Race— Buckwa, Alvarado, Good Friend.
Fourth Race — Magdalenas, Toluca, Lavator.
Fifth Race— Traverser, Buck Massle, Lin
stock.
Sixth Race— Recreation, O'Connell, May W.
Seventh Race— McLight. M'.dllght, Refugee.
THE FIGHT OVER
CURRY'S PAYROLL
His Deputies Win the First
Round in the Legal
Scrimmage.
Time Given to the City and County
to Amend the Original
Pleadings.
Judges Hebbard, Belcher and Cook sat
in bank yesterday to hear the injunction
proceedings brought in the nime of the
city and county restraining Auditor Brod
erick from signing the demands of cer
tain copyists and extra register clerks
employed in County Clerk Curry's office
in alleged violation of law.
A demurrer was interposed to the com
plaint on the ground that the pleadings
were Improperly drawn, and it was fur
ther asked that the temporary injunction
issued at the time of the filing of the suit
be dissolved.
Ex-Judge Slack, T. D. Riordan and A.
L. Hart appeared in support of the de
murrer, and the interests of the city and
county were looked after by City and
County Attorney Creawell and Deputy
City and County Attorney Brobeck.
The argument of the law points involved
occupied over two hours, and at its con
clusion the Judges decided to sustain tne
demurrer.
The plaintiff, through Deputy Brobeck,
thereupon asked for time in which to
amend the complaint. He. was according
ly granted until next Tuesday morning in
which to file the amended pleadings, and
in the meantime the temporary injunction
originally issued will remain in force and
effect.
Now Out of Harm's Way.
James Barry, an Incorrigible petty thief,
was sentenced by Judge Cook yesterday
to two and a half years' Imprisonment at
San Quentfn on his plea of guilty to a
charge of felony.
Orezzi Salvini. a youth of 15, who has
a soaring ambition to become a bold, bad
burglar, was sent to the Whlttler Reform
School.
George Morton was sent to Folsom for
four years for burglary.
A New Transfer Company.
Articles of incorporation of the San
Francisco Transfer Company were filed
yesterday by F. S. Chadbourne. J. J.
Gaffney. Lemuel H. Lucas, A. W. John
son and Tborras Hotriclngs.
■ m »
RING & BAKKH. 1301 Market street,
sell '-STANDARD"- shirts. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
ICE BOUND
WHALERS IN
NEED OFHELP
Continued from Second Page.
a 600-ton steamer and barge at Its ship
yard. The Canadian Pacific is also
building a river boat to carry 350 tons
of freight on thirty-inch draught. The
Alaska Exploration Company had Its
barges on the beach and was putting
up a large building to be used as a
hotel.
The gasoline yacht El Irena had been
hauled on the beach and her passen
gers were in very comfortable quarters.
There was a large migration to Mi
nook. I could not learn of any actual
discoveries, but every one who could
get a dog team was going over the por
tage, and some poor fellows were drag
ging their sleighs along on foot heav
ily loaded.
L. B. Shepherd had discovered
a coal mine about ten miles be
low Unanacluk, which will no doubt
prove a bonanza. The coal is consid
ered first-class steam coal, and lies on
the coast, so that with the necessary
appliances, which are now being put
in place, the whalers and revenue cut
ters can get their coal handily and
ships will have good protection and sea.
He will also be able to supply th«
river steamers with coal. There will
be nearly fifty steamers on the Yukon
next year, and there will be a famine
as regards wood, so this find will prove
of great value. It was reported that
flour was worth $10 per sack of fifty
pounds at Neulattes, but I did not
learn of any new diggings in this quar
ter.
Dr. Edie, who had been attending to
Cannuanwar's case, pronounced her fit
to travel, so I got a small quantity of
provisions from the people and left St.
Michael on the 16th day of January,
with my colors set. The different sta
tions dipped their flags as I started and
fired volley after volley of rifles, pistols
and let off three dynamite blasts. I
had taken with me Mr. James' guide,
Kohltoph by name.
He showed m,e the road from St.
Michael to Kodak, also accompanying
{ me to my first stopping place, which
! was E. H. Hanson's, former manager
lof Wright, Bowne & Co. We reached
the steamer J. J. Healy, lying at winter
• quarters at Indian Canal, where I
j stopped for the night.
She is under command of Captain
Harry Lott, formerly of Port Town
send. Our party was very pleasantly
| entertained by her officers, Messrs. An
; derson and McCorker. We also vitited
; the steamer Mare Island, and all her
passengers seemed to feel in good spir
its. A great many of them had se
; cured work in St. Michael, and there
J were only about twenty-five left on
i board.
From Kodiak down the coast to Port
land the trip was without particular
incident.
The Wasp This Week.
The pictorial features of the Wasp this
week are varied and of general interest.
One of the principal subjects is a page
of splendid half-tone engravings of the
I'nited States ships Monterey and Monad
nock, the battle-ships which, in case of
war. wili be called upon to protect the
Pacific Coast. There are also pictures of
several prominent persons in social and
political life. The center-page cartoon,
depicting the "Brewing of the Hell
Broth" by the pretended patriots of New
York yellow journalism, is an especially
clever composition. Ihe editorials on the
stirring topics of the day are vigorous
and well written and the various depart
ments are worthy of careful perusal. Al
together this week's Wasp is a particu
larly interesting number and bears out
its reputation as the leading weekly jour
nal of the Paoillc Coast.
A New Easter Mass Will Be Sung.
The mass to be sung at St. Charles
Church to-morrow morMing in honor of
the resurrection of the Redeemer is the
composition of H. J. Schonacker of In
dianapolis, Ind.. a brother to Mrs. Hay,
the present organist of the church. This
will be the first time that the mass has
ever been sung In public and consequently
much interest is manifested by local crit
ics, who are anxious to pass judgment
upon it. The final rehearsal, with voices
and instrumental accompaniment, was
held last Thursday evening and proved
a success.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a sharp drop In mining stocks on
the afternoon call, as will be seen by the list
of sales.
Yellow Jacket Is assessed 20 cents.
The Hale & Noroross and Occidental assess
monts fall delinquent In board to-day.
Local securities were weak on the Bond
Exchange. Oceanic Steamship sold own to
$00. Gas and Klectric to $84 50 and Hawaiian
Cnmmerlcal to $24 50.
The Llllle mine of Colorado paid a dividend
of $9000 on the Ist.
The Moon-Anchor mine of Colorado paid a
dividend of $15,000 on the 2d.
The Horn Silver mine of Utah paid a divi
dend of 5 cents per share, or $20,000, on the
Ist. Hereafter quarterly dividends at the same
rate will lie paid.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: "Work in the winze from
the face of the southeast drift has been tem
porarily suspended on account of water. The
seepage Is now decreasing rapidly, and we ex
pect to resume work In the winze by the lat
ter part of the week. On the SO-foot level we
have timbered the north drift a distance of
25 feet, and are now stoping ore from the face
This ore has widened and now shows a width
of five feet. We have hoisted seven tons <>i
ore from this stope during the week. The car
samples of the ore average, gold $32 41, silver
$21 OH; total, $53 50 per ton."
Payment of the six months' interest on its
bonded indebtedness due on the Ist, has been
passed by the Pan Francisco Breweries, Lim
ited. The amount involved Is $75,000
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 8— p. m.
-id. Ask. j Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 42 42%
4s quar coup. .HO'illlK Pac Gas Imp.. 84 8414
Is quar reg... 109 110 Pac LCo — 54
4s quar new...121V4122V4 S F G & E..S4H —
• Miscellaneous — San Fran ..... isi., 4
Cal-st Cab 6s.U4%lie Stock lias VI —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... — 102'/» Flrem's Fund. 190 —
Dup-st ex c. — . 98Vs Bank Stocks—
EL & P 6«..128 12S^ Anglo-cal .... 60 63
F&Ch Ry 68. — 117 Bank of Cal.. — 247
Geary-el .. ss. — 100 Cal S D & T. — 100
HC & S 6H..100 105 First Nat ..200 —
LAL. Co 65.. — 100 Lon P .": A...130 —
Do gntd 68.'. — 100 Mer Exchange — 15
idarket-st 65..12«4127Vi Nev Nat 8...15N4155
Do Ist M 55.. — 112<4 Savings Banks-
Nat Via 6s Ist— !)7>> Ger S & L.. _ 1700
NCNg By "5. 102 .-, — ■ Hum S & L..1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. — 112% Mutual Say. — 4014
N Ry Cal 6b. .100% — ; SF.SavU..— 495
N P«_ R R 68.103 — ; si & L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 55.. 101 ,4 — Socuntr d'B 250 - —
N Cal ".y 65.."— — , Union T Co.looo —
Oak Gas 65... 100 .. — Street Rrllroad —
Do 2il is as.. — 110 California . . . .110 150 :
Om Ry 6s — . 12« Geary .........40. _
V& v b5.....11fl — I Market -at •••:...■ 52 62\4
P*Ch Ry 6s. — 110 I Presidio ...... 6 ',%
Powell-st 65... — 117 . " Powder— ■•■..
Reno WL&L..IOO — California ....110 150
Sac Elecßyos.lo4%lof.% E t Dynamite... — 95
S F & N P ss. — 105 . Giant 'Con Co. 40 41U
8 P of Ar 65.. — 103H VigorU ........ 2% 2ik
S V Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous-
SPC Is ck 55.. — 96V4 41 Pac Assn.. 96% 97
8P Br «5...:. — 110 vier Ld Wks.llo —
8 V Wat 65. ..115 116 . Hana P C 0... — 20
S V *SVat 4»... — 101 H C & S Co.. 24V6 2414
Stock Gas «a — 10314 Hutch S P Co. *3\ 44^4
■■ Water— '; > 'J , Mer Ex Assn. 90 — c
Contra Coeta.. —V. 59% Nat Yin Co...'— * 7%
Marln Co ....80 - Oceanic s S Co. 50\ —
Spring Valley. 99% 99% Pac A F L... 1% 2%
.' Gae ■ &' Electric— •— Pac Bor C 0... 99 — -,
Cent Gaslight. 100 — : Par Paint Co. '6% —
M XL Co ...— .: 13V4
Morning Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 87>4
75 do do 24 75
25 do do 24 62Mi
15 Oceanic Steamship Co 53 00
20 Pacific Gas Imp 84 50
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 110 00
100 Vigorlt Powder 2 75
Afternoon Session.
50 Hutchinson S P Co, s 30 43 50
«0 do do 43 75
25 do do 43 87V4
7a Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 25
15 Oakland Gas 42 25
20 Oceanic Steamship Co, s 30 52 00
50 do do 51 50
10 do do 51 00
20 do do 50 00
10 do do 50 50
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
48 Spring Valley Water 99 50
Street—
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 115 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 Hawaiian C & s Co. s 30 24 75
2a Market-street Ry Co 52 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were th» sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninz Session.
?!* Alt f 211 SOOphlr 85
100 Andes l»|l00 Potosi 42
100 I hollar 46 f,ft Standard 165
200 Con Cal & Va..l lOir.oo Union Con ...... 50
55 ii". 1 15:100 Yellow Jacket.. 24
1 100 Hale & Norcrs.l 25 1
Afternoon Session.
! 350 Andes 16 700 Ophir 75
, 400 Best & Belcher. 51 400 Potosl 39
j 100 Chollar 43 GOO Savage .. 23
1 300 Crown Point ... 23 400 Sierra Nevada "l 85
' !^ C t ould & Cu T-. 221200 Union Con 43
1100 Hale & Norcrs.l 051200 Utah 11
000 Justice 17i:00 10
i 400 Mexican 38 i 500 Yellow Jacket" 17
I Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
£00 Alta 18 1000 Justice 23
300 U3ooOphlr S3
;»•» 20 200.. .:;; 81
I 200 22 200 Overman 10
POO Andes IS 500 09
! *00 Best & Belcher. 54 300 Potosi 40
I 200 51 650 Savage 2 4
i 200 Chollar 45 150 . 25
I 700 Con Cal & Va..l 10 200 Sierra Nevada. 2 20
i 600 1104 300 2 1S
I COO Crown Point ... 241300 "2 10
400 Gould & Curry-. 2KIIOO 2 07U,
i 2W 25 SM) ;:.. 2 05
-'*> 23 200 Union Con .... 47
! 200 Hale & Norcrs.l 25J200 46
l°o 1 20 200 Yellow Jacket.. 24
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 201600 Justice .. ■>?
600 Andes 17 300 17
1300 Best & Belcher. SO =iw Mexican 3s>
400 51 400 " " 3 ' s
200 Choliar 43 200 Occidental ...."2 95
400 Con Cal & Va.l 02 1 * 100 Savage .. 2'
™> 1 00 350 Sierra Nevada' '.l9s
300 106 600 190
300 Crown Point ... 23 "00 187U,
200 Gould & Curry. 22 M 0 185
200 H & N 117% 1700 "i'B'U
6"' o ' l 1 05 1100 Union Con "44
1000 100!500Utah 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, April B—4 p. m .
.. . Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 06 OS Julia 01 02
Alta 19 20 Justice 17 19
Andes 15 17: Kentuck 03 04
Belcher — 22 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con ... — 30 Mexican 3S 39
Best & Belchr. 50 51 Occidental 2552 95
Bullion 08 07 Ophlr 77 78
Caledonia 26 28 Overman OS 09
Choliar 43 44 Potost 39 40
Con Cal & Va.l <>0 1 Of.jSavage 22 24
Challenge Con. 26 2S|Seg Belcher ..03 05
Confidence — 6S* ■ Scorpion 06
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. l so 190
Crown Point .. 22 23 Silver Hill 02 04
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 25 Union Con 43 44
Exchequer — 06 rtnh 10 11
Gould & Curry- 23 24 Yellow Jacket. 17 18
Hale & Norcrs. 98 1 80
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
C N Lesget. Phlla |A C Keefe. S Jose
Mrs Ltgget & 2c. PhilaiP J Keefe. Indiana
H H Horr. Chicago \V W Gray, Illinois
VV D Bliss, Carson Mrs Gray. Illinois
O Stevens, L Ang Mr* F Gray. IllinoU
E J Power. Kansas T Field. Monterey
H Stohmeyer. N J C Chranster N V
H A .Eddy, Montana J H Levy, N V
Mrs Eddy, Montana Mrs Levy, N V
B Hyman. N V G W Scott, Illinois
W i 1i 1 Rice. Boston Miss Scott, Illinois
Mrs Rice, Boston \V Young, Boston
Edith Kice. Boston Mrs Young, Boston
Alice Rice. Boston Jennie Moore. Boston
Lillian Rice. Boston C H Ball. Berkeley
W A Rice. Boston \V T Solomon. N V
J J Ranson. lowa Mrs Swift, N V
Miss Ranson, lowa Miss Swift & m. N V
Miss Wallace. England G Brown. Stanford
H Mahan. Chicago N Griswold & w. ID
C E Dresser. Mass |L Lincoln. Clnn
BUM SeeoMe. S Mateo|Mis<! Storm. N V
R T Crane. Chicago Miss T M Storm & m,
Mr*-' Crane. Chicago N V
M'.ss Ry<?rson. Chicago F L Oreott. Sactfi
E H Cox. Madera W C Johnson, Maine
H X Keily. N V G Hyman, N V
F M Crawford. NY S Valentine & f. Chgo
Major I'ond, N V Miss Lelghton, Rossla
X liichardson, Omaha A W Bemls, Boston
GRAND HOTEL.
BUM Herndon. Ky G F Deitzler, Biggs
A N Schnabel, Cal E X Fernald, Fresno
E N Glenbrook, Sacto J E Murphy. Stktn
A L Ruhook. 11l D E Reed, Stktn
J \V Tulloch. Oakdale S Frankenhelmer. Ca!
J G Jury. S Jose G R Stewart, Cal
H W Clark. Sacto W W Alexander. Can
M E Weinlander, Cal Miss J Alexander, Can
C Acer. Stanford ;J F Qulnn. Cal
H Rnherts..n. Stanford E de Cue?ta. Cal
J Landon. Colusa J F Pevendorf. S Jose
W Sparks, Alameda B M Spencer, S Rosa
H C Roy. Visalia W Stenbeck. Hollister
T Nicholson & w, Ind '. W R Reed, Cal
W V Coffin &w, Cal N L Palmer, Cal
G W Bosrhke & f. Cal ! E F Mllinger, Vallejo
H A W Torchina. Cal Miss Kimble. S Rosa
H 15 Lathrop, Malaga A Taylor, Grub Gulch
G T Baldwin. Klamath
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Hyde. NT |L A Boswenson, Pa
Miss H Mora, NY L yon Ossho, Pa
Mrs Gtherson&s. Reno Mrs yon Ossho
C F. Schottle. Ind J R Lowe. San Jose
(' V Lay. Ind Mrs Lowe, San Jose
J Snell, Sausallto Q McGrlsh. N V
W B Rankin, L Gatos Mrs McGrish. N V
W C Jordan, NY J M Crumble. Mich
J> S Hirshberg. lone S Brown. Mich
J A Bant;>n. N V !Mrs E Andei-sonL Ang
E w Hale. Sacto Miss Anderson, L Ang
Mrs Hale, Sacto E Bernard. Vacavllle
C White. Del Monte :C .1 Frost. San Jose
W E Henry. Wls iJ Rosenthal, Chgo
E H Lux, Wls
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
N Joimlinair. Sacto J A Shipley, Vallejo
F F Smiles. NY J C Stay & w. t.'kiah
Miss H Weathersby, 111 G F Frey. L Ang
Miss M Rrookß, N V Miss Armstrong. Stktn
W J Hurley, NY N Pierce, Mich
H A Huher, Stockton T Green. Detroit
H E Sloan, L Ans C M Beale, Fresno
Miss L C Brendel, Cal J F Cowles. Suisun
Mrs Carlson, Cal I F Smith. Visalla
A H Malaney. Portlnd' D Harley. Bakersfleld
J M Bush, Wash
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. April 8.
Stmr City of Para, Brown. 20 days 6 hours
14 minutes from Panama and -way ports.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed April B— Schr
Monterey, for Ventura.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April B— Stmr Ger
manic, for New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed April B— Stmr Werra, for
New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl." Larkin street: open v. til 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22iil Market street, corner Sixteenth; op«n
until 9 o'clock.
lOfi Eleventh street; open until'D o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING : NOTICES . .
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A •
M.— Officers . and members are re- _JV
quested to attend the funeral of XV
brother SEYMOUR MARKS, late of f^T >
Abell Lodge No. 146. Ukiah. on SUNDAY,
the 10th lnst.. from B'nai B'rlth Hall, at 8:30
a. m. By order of the Master.
H. FORTKIEDE, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. ■_ esfc ;--
F.— officers and the funeral VJgjggXl
committee of the above lodge are . -=r- r )j«isg?
hereby notified to assemble at Odd ...
Fellows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
sts., on SUNDAY, April 10, at 1 p. m., for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late brother, JACOB NAGEL. By order
: *, CHARLES QUAST. F. Sec.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. \^mUit^.
I. O. O. F.— Regular meeting
THIS EVENING. Third degree =^SP^'
will be conferred. -^?/il^
A. ,K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
EUREKA Gror« No. 4, U. A. O. D.— \Ao
The officers and the ■ funeral committee Qu
of - the above ■'■ grove ■■. are hereby notified "^^
to assemble at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter ; »t.,
on SUNDAY, April 10. .: at 1 p. m., for the
purpose 'of attending the funeral of our ; late
brother, JACOB NAGEL. By order : ':■:,
-; l CHARLES QUAST, Secretary.
ELEVENTH, • 106— Branch ■ office of ■ The \ CalL
Subscriptions and t want ; ads ; ta»en. = - ■■ ' ; .-. ;<; •■; \
SPECIAL NOTICES.
IF interests In fine poultry- send your address
and 2 cents in Et&mrs to the Santa Teresa.
Poultry Farm, Eden Vale, Cal., and you will
receive their new illustrated catalogue and
poultry guide.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corstts, veiling, yarns, wees, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 4J5 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. Si3o.
MRS. BLAIR and assistants. 963 Mission St.,
room IS, massage and alcohol baths.
MISS MAYS, genutne alco'.iol. Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2.
BERTHA TROY, genuine massage baths. 1015
Market st., room 17, secon.l floor.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny st.. room 2.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened $1. 343
Third St. and 2SOS Twenty-fourth.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant from
New York; baths; massage. 29 Grant aye..
room 5.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29. second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned: massage baths. 122
Post st.. room 10. second floor front.
MM)-;. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor et.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary »t., room U.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage: Swedish
movement. HOfi Market, room 20. second floor.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15^ Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
SITUATIONS .VANTEU-FEMAIiK.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of flrst-class girls are await-
ing situations. Please call or telephone to
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter Et.
COMPETENT German nurse desires a situa-
tion. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— By neat Protestant woman, elder-
ly, housework in small family; city or
country; strong- and able to do such work;
wages, US. Box 3192, Call office.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day; satisfaction guaranteed;
reasonable terms. Address box 3135, Call.
NEW YORK lady desires a position as house-
keeper for small family; a first-class house-
keeper and a good cook; no objection to
country. Box 3300, Call office.
NEAT American widow, elderly, wishes situ-
ation; good cook and laundress; kind to chil-
dren; references given; wages $10 month.
2iiS Stevenson Ft.
SITUATION wanted by a working housekeeper,
good cook and sewer; country preferred. 609
Tennessee St., Potrero.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
good cook and laundress; $1 day and car
fare. 315% Stockton st.
GERMAN cook wishes situation In private
family to do housework. 1024 Howard Bt.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 139 Fourth St., room 10.
WOMAN wishes general housework by the
day; references: $1 ZS per day. 54 Sixth, r. 42.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position. 8198 Howard et., room 3.
YOUNG lady would like position an cashier In
restaurant; good references. Address box
3216. Call office.
LADY of business experience, speaking English
and German, desires position of any kind.
Address I. H., 1625 San Bruno road, S. F.
YOUNG woman with baby wishes work;
wages no object. Address Newport House, 21
Franklin st., room 26.
MOTHER and daughter; positions as house-
keeper, chamberwork; cook for small hotel,
ranch, mines or camp. 217 Eddy St., room 9.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, neat and
saving, • desires place on '•anch in Fresno
County to cook for men only. Address MRS.
H. DEHASS, Fresno Postoffice. Cal.
TWO young girls wish situations for light
housework and take care of children. 814
Minnesota 3t., Potrero.
WOMAN wants to take care of sick person.
8.*9 Mission Bt., room 3.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping or plain mending; no objection to
short distance in country. Call or address
1104 Mission st., room 10.
REFINED, Intelligent American lady as man-
aging housekeeper; city or country. Call or
address 34% Turk St.. room 14.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION .* M ANTED— MALE.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harrii?. 15 Grant ay.
CHINKSE and Japanese testab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BKADLKY <fe CO., 64'j Clay ac.
JAPANESE Emptoym't Oifice— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. ISO* Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment ofnce;
best help. 4)4% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant 5 Geu. Aoki. 30 Gear-- st.
1 POSITION as engineer; lately from the East;
• 32 years of age; U years' experience with
boilers, engines, pumps, dynamos and repair;
has set of tools; run last in planing mill and
furniture factory; best of references. Ad-
i dress box 3194, Call office.
SOBER, reliable Englishman wants work of
any kind; can drive and care for horses, milk,
rais* chickens, etc.; handy with tools and
willing to make himself generally useful.
Address Farmer. 764 Mission St., S. F.
YOUNG man would like a situation; Is all
round painter, paper hanger, etc. ; also five
years' experience In tinning and plumbing;
no objection to the country. 452Vs Tehania st.
YOUNG man, experienced in writing up col-
ored telegraph codes, 3 years as Spanish cor-
respondent, first-class accountant, wants In
or outdoor position. Box 3208, Call office.
ENGINEER, stationary, wants work at trade
or as night watchman or driver; anything at
living wages; American and married. Ad-
dress 2SCS Laguna st.
IXPERIEXCED cloak and suit salesman,
with best of references, is open for engage-
ment. Address box 3203, Call office.
ASSAYER and mlllman wsnts situation; good
references. Address Saturday only, box 3190,
Call office.
POSITION wanted— Drug clerk, experienced In
Eastern and Western trade. Box 3153 Call.
BARBEH— Boy with 5 months' experience
wishes to finish learning. Bo"x 60, Call office.
WANTED — To serve as an apprentice as
draughtsman. Address box 3198, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man; will do
anything. Box 31L'6, Call office.
WELL educated businesslike young man of
pleasant address. good talker, knowing
French, English and Russian, desires posi-
tion; best of city references. Box 3222, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wishes work; city.
Box 2fi77. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, understands thoroughly how
to open and close set of books; best of refer-
ences. Box 3372, Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, position to take
charge of rooming-house or any place of
trust; are thoroughly competent and reliable;
no objections to country; wife a good pianist.
Addrrss box 3214. Call office.
BAKER foreman of exrwrience wants work,
' city or country; stock or compressed yeast.
Address Baker, 309 Third St.. Oakland.
YOUNG man wishes situation for kitchen
work: assistant cook in saloon and lunch
counter. MAX GAMB. 772 Mission st.
CHINESE boy wrfnts position as good cook In
family. Call 627 Duporit st.
YOUNG man wishes situation with house
painter; can fresco or do scenery painting
and stripe; smnH wages. Address H. INS-
KIPP. 110 Vicksburg st.
RELIABLE bookkeeper desires evening en-
gagement to enter up accounts, etc. W., box
337 D, Call office.
SITUATION as gardener by steady man: can
milk, drive; handy about house; references.
Address G. It, ISOS Polk St.
BUTCHER and sausage-maker, German, wants
situation; city or country. Box 94. Call office.
TAILOR, German, good all-around workman,
wants situation. Box 94. Call office.
GOOD steady and reliable American cook would
like v good steady place. 654 Mission st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.: near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 2."> c to $1 50 night: $150 to $S
week; convenient -ml respectable; fre« 'bus
and rngsage to and from fer -y-
afi LARKlN— Branch . office of the Call. Sutn
>crlptlon» and want nds taken. .. ■
FEMALE lIELI* WANTED.
NURSE, $20; German house girl, $22, small
family, no washing; German cook, $25; Swed-
ish house girl, 2 In family, $15; middle-aged
woman. 3 in family, $20; 6 house girls, coun-
try, $20; waitress, $20; a number of young
girls to assist, $10 to $12: German nurse girl,
$12 to $1.">; housekeeper, $12. MRS. NORTON,
323 Sutter St.
HOUSE girl, Alameda, $20, see party here 2
o'clock; nurse, $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, $25; second girl, $25: chambermaid, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, 2 In family, $25; house girl, 3 in
family, no washing, $20. MRS. NORTON.
323 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress for the springs, $30, see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HRAD waitress aud f&ur waitresses for a
summer resort, *30 and $20, see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $-0. south, see
parly here; 2 waitresses, samt country hotel,
»2u and fare paid; 3 waitresses, city hotels.
RESTAURANT waitress, city. $6 a week; 4
waitresses lor a new restaurant, $6 a week,
see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
THREE lunch waitresses, 50c a day. C. R.
HAN SEN ft CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL. 2 in tamily, $20; second girl,
$li- s housegirls, $20; a number 01 young
girls, to assist, $10 to *lb. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
MlLil<LE-AGED lady'to cook in a small insti-
tution, $25; 3 cooks, small hotels. $20 and
fli,. C. ii HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
NEAT second girl, nice place near city, $20, see
lady at our office to-day. MUKRAY At
READY, 634-636 Clay St. ■
WOMAN cook, plain hotel near city, $25; sec-
ond girl for a ranch, $20. see party here.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
10 WOMEN for housework and cooking on
ranches and other country places. MURRAY'
& READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SECOND girl for a small family. Berkeley, $20,
see party here. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
TWO waitresses, $20 each; arm waitress, $5
per week; housework girl, country, $25;
12 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 and $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO second girls, $15 each; 2 cooks. $30 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH governess, $35. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
SWEDISH housework girl. 2 in family, $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, boarding-house. $30; 7 waitresses and
chambermaids in hotels and restaurants, $20,
$5 and $6 week; dishwasher, $20; 4 cooks, Ger-
man style, $2.".; laundress, $25; 2 American and
French nurses, $20 and $23: 2 Scandinavian
and German second girls, $20. and girls for
housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. ■
SALESLADIES for gloves, notions and candy
departments; restaurant cashier. 313 Bush.
LADY cashier and matron able to take Inter-
est in select and profitable cash business;
references. 313 Bush st.
i 2 UNDER clerks, wholesale trade, assistant
I office cashier and correspondent. 1023 Market.
EXPERIENCED shirt waist cutter and fitter;
steady employment. M. J. KELLER COM-
PANY, 1105 Broadway, Oakland.
SALESLADIES; trimmer; 2 office clerks; 10
neat, competent waitresses; 20 shop girls; 2
milliners. 313 Bush St.
COMPETENT girl, general housework; small
American family; wages $20. 719 Cole st.,
alter 9 o'clock.
WANTED— A lady between 25 and 30 to learn
dressmaking and do light housework; good
home and fair salary to right person; apply
after 10 a. m. 116 Taylor st.
YOUNG girl take care of baby; little house-
work: easy place. 2410V t Sacramento St., near
Webster.
i GIRL wanted to assist In light housework; $12;
j sleep home. 1304 Larkin st.
LADY wanted to work on men's coats; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted at G.
LEDERER'S, 111 Stockton St.
GIRL for housework, 3 in family, $20; upstairs
girl. $16. 631 Larkin st.
i WANTED— Strong Swedish girl to help In a
kitchen; wages $10 and room. 686 Geary st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
St.; consultation free; fees moderate.
A NO. 1 finishers on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF,
1228 Market St.
HONEST German or Swedish girl, housework;
good plain cook; sleep home; $16. Address
'.111 Stelner st. '
YOUNG girl to learn pants making; good
sewer; paid while learning. 562 Stevenson st.
WANTED— First-class waistmakers at 222 Post
Bt., rooms 10, 11 and i 2.
WANTED— 4 girls, general housework; wages
$20. 2326 Santa Clara aye., Alameda.
LADIES to s.-il m\ toilet specialties. MRS
BUTLER, room 324. 806 Market st.
FOR Sale — Good paying business; office suit-
able for 1 or 2 ladies; rood locality; cheap
rent; ?100 required. Adoress O. S., box 33.
Call oifice.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry ; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PLEASANT sunny rooms; day or week; re-
spectable. 142 Seventh. Giran! House.
GERMAJST girl for plain cooking and house-
work. CO'J Franklin st.
LEARN <li-esSTnaklnK and millinery: positions
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttini; School. 107!> Market
St.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
4 MARKET ST. — Branch office of The .
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MALE IIELI* WANTED.
WANTED — Second buttler or waiter for pri-
vate family, short distance in country, $25
per month; cook, for steamer, $50; farmer,
near city, handy with tools, $26; larmers,
$20; milkers; 10 coal miners, going wages:
German to wash dishes in lunch house, $5
per week; 2 ranch cooks, $15 and *25, and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for milk route, $35 and
found; reference required, sec employer at
our otfk-e, il o'clock to-day. W. L>. EWER
& CO., 626 Clay St.
FRY cook, $55; broiler, $50; German second'
cook. $60; second cook, small hotel, $40; cook,
$30; cook, $25; cook, $9 a wet.-k; cook, $10 a
week; dishwasher and vegetable man. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
PORTER and runner, country hotel, $20; man
about place, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BAKER. $10 a week and found; baker, country
hotel. $4(i; third-hand baker. $23 and found;
waiter, $25 and found; waiter, $25; waiter-
boy. $20 and room. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
ENGINEER for a sawmill. $40 and found; tun-
nelman, $2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
WANTED— Carpenter for mine, $2 50 day; 2 la-
borers for mine. $2 50; gravel miner, $3 day,
see boss here; 3 quartz miners. $2 and board;
6 coal miners by contract or day; 10 tie-
makers, 10c and lie; teamster and teamster's
helper, go to-day: quartz miner, $50 and
board; electro plater and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
HEAD cook, meat and pastry, summer resort.
$70; head cook, country hotel, $-*0. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
SEVEN waiters 5 cooks;
3 dishwashers 1 tailor;
1 barber. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay st.. leading employment agents.
HARNESS maker, $35 and found; blacksmith,
$40 and found, must be a good woodworker: 2
ship carpenters: 22 coal miners; 3 milkers, $20:
cheese maker, $30; 325 woodohnppers. $1 25 and
$1 cord: 3fis tie makers. Be. 9c, 10c and He
each. MURRAY & READY. leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Machinist, shaper hand. $3 50 day;
3 machinists, good fitters, $3 25 day. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st
k'ANTED— Quartz mill man who understands
cyanide process; must be young, energetic
man; would like one who understands chem-
istry. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
SLAUGHTERER for British Columbia, mar-
ried man, $60 to $73: cook, country hotel $40-
painter and whltener, $25 and found; 4 ship
carpenters. $3 a day. R. T. WARD & CO
608 and ClO Clay st.
YOUNG man as dishwasher. $10 per month
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
MARRIED janitor at once who can furnish
bonds, with references. 1023 Market st.
ATTENDANT for electric elevator, man and
wife: position of responsibility. 1023 Market.
BOOKKEEPER, shop timekeeper, collectors
and salesmen to call at onoe. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife to manage together light profit-
able cash business. 313 Bush St.
REAL estate and rental department manager;
exceptional inducements right party. 313
Bush st.
CONFIDENTIAL broker's office clerk, agency-
inspector on road: bond required. 313 Bush.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 43 miles from San
Francisco: stendy work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESL\
COAL CO.. room 515, 328 Montgomery' S V
BOY, 13 to 17, reliable and honest, willing to
travel and wait on gentleman for board and
clothing; to right person a snap; no wages-
send stamp for answer. J., box 7, Call office
Oakland.
$80 PER month between man and wife; work
together as manager and matron: cash busi-
ness; permanent and progressive. 313 Bush.
WANTED— A small boy to run errands. Call
at 1C:S0, 1417 Polk st.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing. 3660 Sev-
enteenth st.
WANTED— Boy about 14 years old. Call 1318
Turk st.
WAITER wanted. 122 Fifth St.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 462 Hayes.
BARBER for Saturdays and Sundays. 623
. Clay st.; wages $4. ______ _
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $4.
414 Montgomery aye.
TWO barbers wanted for Saturday; wages $3.
■" Third >.;. ; ,
BARBER wanted. 112 Second st.
STEADY barber. 761 Howard st.
BARBER-Saturday and Sunday _ls2 Third St.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday
on per cent. 252 Ellis st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; guar-
antee $4. 105 Fourth St. ■ ■ --'- ■
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 203 Mont-
gomery aye. . ; ,
GOOD barber to run shop in Mission; refer-
ences. Apply 3053 Twenty-fourth st.
7 YOUNG men, 1 blacksmith, for voyage south;
good wages. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st. _
FARMER in country on salary to obtain
poultry, egg shipments. Box 3239. Call office.
NEAT boy to wait on tables and. help In
kitchen; boarding house. 739 Fourth st.
PORTER for baths wanted. 120 Geary st.
WAITER wanted at 625 Sacramento st.
WANTED— coat-maker. 270 Steven-
son St.. between Third and Fourth, upstairs.
A NO. 1 presser on cloaks. M. SIMINOFF,
1228 Market st. . .
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SH Eighth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages or
II and 30 year?, who are citizens ths
United States, or those who have legHh/ de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of g^od character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis st.. ban Francisco. CaJ.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; I
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; lot/ interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Orant ay.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
GOOD barber wanted; steady for Saturday and
Sunday. 505 Broadway. -'
SOO PAIR of men's new and seond hand Bhoes
half price; half soling 35c. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS a.nd ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborer? and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor. stlU
runs Denver House. £17 -hird U.; 150 \a.rg»
rooms: 25c per night: n to $3 per week
B\RBERS" Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 135.
MARKET, 863*4 (Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12V4c, 15c to 25c per night: week, 75c. $1. ?1 25.
BARBERS' Progressive Union;" free employ-
ment. Bernard, Secy., 102 7th: tel. South >'.2l
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tie ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 .Ellis— T^ooms 25c to U
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and Jl
week. L,indell House. Sixth r.nd Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: '.1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
RELIABLE man with large acquaintance can
obtain permanent position; prominent insur-
ance office. Address B. A., box 15, Call office.
WANTED— Advertising agents for El Progress,
a new Mexican weekly. lIS Montgomery aye.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in a long established sup-
ply and construction business; full investiga-
tion: a rare chance. Address box 3139, Call.
WANTED— Partner for dyeing and cleaning
business; must be a dyer. 929 Folsom st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to nil new. building. 840 Mu-
«ion et. : tel. Mint 1821. - .
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to H Mont-
gomery st.: highest prices paid. Tel. Davl« TL
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— 2 furnished or unfurnished Bunny
. rooms and board in the neighborhood of Fell
st. and Masonic aye. for lady and child; ref-
erences exchanged. Address, stating terms,
location, etc.. box 3200, Call office.
FATHER and 2 children in a refined Catholic
family; clergy ' reference wanted and given.
A.l'ii-HFt. box 321?. Call office.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— beat for missionary purposes,
10 or 15 tons: must be cheap: give size, age,
maker, etc. Address box 3201, Call office.
WANTED— An ark: must be in good condition
and cheap for cash; give price, size and
where ark can be seen. Box 3210, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId grid. silver. cast-ofT
rlothlng hought. Add COLEMAN. 41 Third.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $fi per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 ar.d
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers. corner Kearny and Sutter
Fts.. San Francisco, and Tl.irteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
sntisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New pianos rented. $3 per month. Repairing
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-Ct'RTAZ PIAXO CO.. E«0 Hayes st.
ONE Newhall piano $5S
One Zech piano " 79
One Fischer piano W
Twenty others st all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18-20 O'Farrell.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvais Music Co., 769 Market; agt».
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER A CO. Byron Mauiy. Newny. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent pian;
no interest first year. ?.08. 310. 312 Post »t.
$75— BARGAIN; pood Fisher piano. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price: $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A— $100; FINE large upright piano; great bar-
gain. X 3. 120 A Kddy St.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. "
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
MONTGOMERY. 527, cor. Clay— until 9 30
clock: branch office of The Call; subscrlp-
tions and want ads taken.
DENTISTS-
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction 50c-
teeth per set. $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up :
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired ${
up; our crown and bridge work is the best-
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays.. 9 to l'
9b9 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch. 371 Hayes.
A FULL set of teeth. $G; see new~flexlble
plates; light and thin; warranted ten' years-
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c: crowns. $3 50- all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. Uth-
no charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new teeth
from $8 per set; ertractlng 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
lst.^i:scoverer of painless extraction and
patentee . of ; improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors -full s»t
of teeth, So up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand- open even-
Ings. .-■ 997 Market' st..- corner Sixth. .
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market st ' Acad-
dentist Sciences building, fifth floor; painless
• dentistry. '- ■ •■•'.- ■•
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F~TEAOTTE^
_removed to Call bldg.. Cth floor, rms. 603-60?!
$k key; r^°^J nßin B i Wdrranled - DR *BUi-iNESJ CHANCES. .
$450 ELEGANTLY fitted up and money-mak-
ing candy store on Polk st. ; must be sacri-
' 1 •■]. owner keeping another business. Apply
_ WILKE, 783 Market st. -
$3200— THE best fitted up. and guaranteed to
clear tSOO net per month, saloon close to Call
building; first-class custom; no better busi-
ness oiler in the market; investigate at once;
this is a chance of a life time. WILKE, 753
- f Market st.
I $400 SALOON; average daily receipts $10; rent
$25; 2 doors from Montgomery st. a bargain.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
$150 BRANCH bakery and notions in the Mis-
sion large school trade; 3 living rooms; low
Rrent. Inquire WILKE, 783 Market st.
$650— CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing
a good paying business; rare change; fullest
Investigation giv— i. WILKE, 7§3 Market st.
$1150— OLD-ESTABLISHED sa' m, close " to
bunks and leading hotels; average daily re-
ceipts $22; rent ?00, lease; no night work;
actual value $8000; owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WiLKE. 753 Market st.
$450— CORNER saloon In the busiest manufac-
turing district in the city: old established
place: positive value in Bight; will clear $100
per month; living rooms; this is an' excel-
lent cllance for small investment; worth $SOO
to any one. M. LESS, 765 Market St. ■
1400- SALOON with 10 well furnished rooms,
near the ferry; old established; good busi-
ness; selling on account of sickness; cheap
rent* easily worth double the price asked. M
LESS, 765 Mark st.
$100— STATIONERY, news stand, restaurant.
etc.; living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer
point of city; must Bell] given away. M.
LESS. 766 Market st.
$IH«>— FIRST-CLASS concert hall and family
resort: established 25 years; north of Mar-
ket; only place of its kind within a large
r;u!lus; ill value in sight; clearing now $250
jiet month; can be increased; satisfactory
proof furnished; investigate this; it's worth
while. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$400— DELICACY :Itore; fine location: north of
Market; living rooms; receipts $15 to $18
daily: greatest bargain in this line. M.
. LESS, 705 Market.
A PAYING country hotel for sale, including
building and lot, 75x150; 26 rooms, bar,' par-
lors, etc.; M miles from city; lively town; no
competition: must be sold; make offer.
LESS, 7C5 Market st.
$SOO— CORNER grocery and bar, south of Mar-
ket st.; value in sight; big bar trade: this
offer means a great sacrifice. M. LESS, 765
Market st. . ;
PARTNER at nee in restaurant doing big
business; open nlyht and day; dally cash
$7.'». H. C. DECKKR, 1120 Market st.
DRY goods, stationery, bakery (850
Bakery; tie oven; in country town.. 800
.Cigar *tand. near Baldwin Hotel 425
Branch bakery; 3 rooms furnished 75
Saloon, worth $3500; fine corner 1250
Meat market. Western Addition 1000
H. C. DECKER, 102U Market st.
A — $150; dl Ing room: So steady boarders; no
rent: don't miss it. KREDO & CO., Ti\i
Geary st.
A—s27s;A — $275; cigar stand; best corner Kearny; Hue
stock; cli?arss 100. KREDO »'c CO., 224 Geary.
A— s4so; saloon; side entrance; Market st. ; best
bur in city. RBI '< > & CO.; 22% Gear- it
$lfo-^GROCERY and bar: bargain this day.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$400— SALOON"; bargain; leaving for Klondike.
Mclaughlin .\: co., 23 Kearny St.
$I.'<»— GROCERY, French liquor store, north
Market: departure for Europe cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co., 23 Kearny st.
$230— PARTNER wanted In light business; eas-
ily learned, no previous experience required;
trial given; suited to plain, steady man sat-
isfied with $15 to $25 a week. 724% Market
st., room 17. *-:..; ' '
FIRST-CLASS cash grocery and bar; one of
the best corners In city; fine horse and
buggy; low rent: sold at a sacrifice. PA-
CIFIC BUSINESS EXCHANGE, 995 Market.
$1200 buys a flourishing business; wood and
coal: boarding and feed stable; owner going
to Klondike; business across the bay. Ad-
dress box 32C4, Call office. -.- ■ ;. ;,
SALOON and lunch house, near Id City Hall;
cheap: owner leaving city. 619 Merchant st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant 'and cbopbouse; best
location; opposite the ferries, is East st.
$75 — NOTION and cigar store; three nice rooms;
rent $12. 155 Ele\enth st; .V.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale. See
owner at ISC First st.
SALOON for sale." 62*1 Washington st.
$75— BRANCH bakery; 1155 Howard st. ; three
living rooms; rent $15.
$100— SALOON and four living rooms; rent $10.
83 Clementina st., near Second.
PARTNER wanted in an old established real
estate and collection business; first-class of-
fice fixtures, hon>e ■■i buggy: $3000 on books;
collecting monthly; small amount of money
required. Box 32f>7, Call office.
EXPERIENCED butcher wishes half interest
in good paying market or in saloon business
with right party. Box 3215. Call office.
DRUG store: old established; in Western Addi-
tion; suitable for physician; reasonable. Ad-
dress box 3371, Call office.
$250 — CORNER saloon; opposite factory; sell on
account of df-ath. 1121 : tarrson st.
PAPER route wanted. Address box 3211, Call
office.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale; reason,
must go to the interior to ranch; will stand
full investigation. Apply at Call office.
WANTED— A partner with a capital of $603 in
a bakery and coffee house doing. $1000 busi-
ness. kZ Pacific aye., Santa Cruz, Cai.
PAYING delicacy store; good location; Belling
on account of sickness. WICKHAM, LUT-
GEN & CO., 318 Clay st.
MILKMAN wishes whole or half Interest in
small well laving milk business. Box 3374,
Call office.
BHOEMARKER'S shop; must sell account of
sickness. Apply 532 Valencia st.
LAUNDRY route, with horse and wagon; bar-
gain. Address box 6666. call office.
MUST be sold; cigar and news, stand; will
■ stand investigation. Apply 518 Hayes st.
CORNER saloon In manufacturing portion of
city. Enquire Albany Brewery.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In very best
town across the bay; located on corner of
two of the most prominent streets; practically
without opposition in its neighborhood; pos-
itively clearing $200 to $250 per month; owner
there over 7 years and offers his business at
a great sacrifice on account of departure
north: no reasonable offer refused. J. • C. 8.,
box 12, Call office. Oakland.
ON account of going to the mines, grocery and
bar for sale at a sacrifice. Southwest corner
Twenty-sixth and Unrtlett sts.
$500 Manufacturing business for sale at a bar-
gain on account of going East; must sell.
D.. box 3, Oakland. -*"..;.':
DRUG store for sale; good location; good trade;
easy rent; cheap for cash. Address D., box
. 4. Call office. . .
PALACE Bakery for sale; doing a good busi-
ness In the town of Salinas; owner retiring
to go East. Address P. O. box 245. Salinas.
$400 — Bakery: store trade $10 to $12 day: good
outside route; owner obliged to leave city.
AppJ,y Call Office.- • .-■ - -'
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT and bar for sale. Apply 107
.Berry st.. near Third.
FOR Hale — Icecream, candy and notion store.
337 Sixth st.: no agents. ..'.'■.•.
MONEY, loaned on watches, • diamonds. Jew-
elry; low infrept. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ELEVENTH. 108 Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and r>.'!s taken.
patents— Ik OSEORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents; established ISC2. 319 PJne st.. city.
CARI'IV. CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
_JB and 40 Eight i »t. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlrr Works, 363-57 Tehama St.*; tel. So. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at ■-■. per yard; rrlaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Ufa st. It. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleani nit Co.. 240 Htli
St.; cleaning. 3c. a yard;. tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Gold A
Gate avc. ; tel. East 126.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Cnll. Sent to any address In the United
. States or Canada one year for $1 50. . postage
free. ■ . ■ .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce lawn specialty; private;
.no fee without success:' collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, blllB-of-»ale. 'patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful..
W. W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st. ' . *.: ....:.-
ELEVENTH 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken. :..;-.,
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any" address In : the "United
•tatcs or Canada one year for $1 W. postage
tree. ,; .-. . .*'. ■ ■■• ;; '
. PERSONALS. '
TEDDIE— Please send address; I must have It.
- ■ ■ •- •■■■■.-- E. A. W.
' MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send 10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages; no $5 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
MY patrons, are sure of having their hair
dressed in the latest fashion, 25c; good
switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, lIS Grant
avenue. . •*•■,*;
QUINONIA is a perfect hair tonic and harm-
less. G. LEDERER, 11l Stockton st.
STAMMERINGand stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d St., Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRIC lights in every room * Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms. |
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, mad- in
San Francisco at Eastern ' prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. S. F.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1- " Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to' order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st'.. bet. 7th nnd 3th.
£15 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of , The CalL
c,.>^,. r . Ilt i,, and "-r»nt n r|s taken.
DRL!>SM,.KKKJ.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st., rm. S6.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. '
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
TO MERCHANTS AND SHIPPERS—
The advertiser has got a steamer that he
will send to St. Michael on or about the sth
of June. You will save time and money on
through rates to Circle City or Dawson by
pending your address to Freight, box BSSB. ;
Call office.
FOR Sale— cheap: ticket to Dawson via St.
Michael; privilege of 1 ton freight; sickness
prevents use. Box 11. 52, Call office.
DREDGING privileges for sale on Canadian
rivers in the Klondike by a company owning
the largest number of claims of any company
in the Northwest. C. P. DEYOE. Agent, Oc-
: cidental Hotel.
WANTED— A partwr with from $5000 to $10,000
to join another that has four times the above
| amount to engage in a very profitable busi-
ness on the Yukon. T. P., box SSS4, Call.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, pic bers and :
rood men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Mtcni?l. Apply The
Gold. Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew- i
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing: heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts. :
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and '
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st. .
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
LODGING 11OUSJCS FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers. 22% Geary.
<S rooms; best In city $2,000
17 rooms, near Plaza; always fu11........ 650
10 rooms; Ellis; new and' good 325
7 rooms: Market; offices pay rent 200 j
.Hundred? of others at your own price.
A— JICOO: 20 rooms,; reduced from $2500; best
transient corner; sunny corner; clears $150.
KREDO A C 0... ■* •
A 1300; 9 ms; transient: clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 221-j Geary.
I 50 ROOMS; corner house; bay windows.. '..s2ooo
10-room flat; sunny corner 225
2r-room house: sunny corner 1000
22-room house; fine corner 1050 |
2 c "*-room house: oleum $150: must sell 1200 j
29 rooms; near Palace Hotel: rent $65 1800 I
22-ro6m house,: new. and' good.. 750 j
12 rooms; on O'Farrell St.: clears $50 450 I
60 rooms; rent $65; clears about $70 month;
' : snap. ' H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
LODGING house of 16 rooms, well furnished.
I 136 Sixth st. i
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew- ;
i elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
, FURNITURE ; FOit SALE.
FOR SALE — rooms or complete for house-
keeping; nearly new; party leaving the city, j
Box 3202, Call office. .
FURNITURE flat 4 rooms, piano; no dealers. \
SULLIVAN BROS.. Seventh and Natoma sts.
FOLDING bed. also set combined, for $15; also j
sideboard, $10. S2l Howard st. . . .«, ".
FURNITURE for sale; house to rent. Apply
' at 1421 Clay st.
CARPETS cheap; owner leaving city. i 2670
Twenty-first st., near Bryant, 1 to 5 dally.
$275 — BUYER for furniture In elegant 6-room j
flat. 970 Post st.
—^— —^-^— — —
. FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
THE leading . violets • for the leading people;
60.000 strong plants for sale: Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100,
$175 per CO: Golden Gate. California, Marie
Louise and Swanley White, $2 per 100, $1 25
per 50. Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3
feet hlTh, from 2" cents to $1 25 each; shrubs
in variety; dahlias a specialty, 5 cents each,
50 cents per dozen; seeds for sale from finest
strains; special rate to the trade. C. CROCK-
FORD, Grower, Colma, San Mateo County;
, take San Mateo electric car.
6 COIN silver new forks, in box; a nice wed-
ding present, for $10. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
SCHOONER yacht for sale; 44 feet long.
Box 3209. Call office.
DOMESTIC sewing machine, 5 drawers; almost
new; cheap." 1915 Mission st. • :r ■•
i BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
FOR sale— Motor; AM horse-power. A. MA-
THIEU. 32S Bush st. .. . .
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain: call at once. 654 Mission st
FOR SALE— Billiard, pool, Tlvoll table. 1
pigeon hole and 1 roulette wheel at a sacri-
fice. 757 Harrison st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
1 and unfram«sd; framing with class 7x9 inches,
10c: SxlO and 10x12, l-sc: 11x14 and 12x16. 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20. 30c; 18x22. 35c; 20x24. 45c; 22x
28. COc; curtain poles complete. 15c; rm. mold-
Ing, all colors. ft:open eve.' Jones. 547 Mission
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. •J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth. '
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large Iron • tank. Apply -HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects. 55 Flood building.
[ GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: -1
j and I-bbwl barber washstarids. cheap. HUF-
BCHMI 623 Golden G*te aye. ,
; ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts •• and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission St.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos.electri-
cal goods; new. j2d hand. Smith C 0. .527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 787. j
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
hlzos; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per doz.:
. Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. :
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc..
bought and sold. . 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want : ________ !
SEWING MACHINES. :
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented ;
repairing; lowest rates. - 205 Fourth st. , j
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.: phone Mint 45. (
""■■■• ? '' . : ; LOST. :
BETWEEN Montgomery • and Eighth streets
on Market, one account book and cigar box
containing bills. Return to ; 621 Mission St.
and receive $2 reward. ■ - ■■■-'-.:.
LOST— Brindle Great Dane bitch. Liberal re-
ward. 1730 Market st. *
LOST A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
,and Loan Society of San Francisco,, in the
name of * CHARLES B. 1 LEARNED. No.
191.234.- The finder will please return to bank.
BANK, book, -San Francisco Savings 'Union,'
: CHAS. B. LEARNED; ' also small black
. pocketbook, containing promissory note
! drawn Nov. * 20, 1893. in favor same party.
I CASK given' for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye. ■
 ;, TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters " sold and ; : rented; • few partly
used for sale cheap; *, send for - samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. I
HTDE, 609. near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated If seen; Investigate.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero st.
LOVELY new sunny finely furnished house;
10 rooms; very desirable; reference ex-
changed. Apply 2516 Pine st., Ito 4 p. m.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant:
sunny; appreciated if seen; please inv<»sti-
gate; or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COZY cottage 6 rooms; large garden: marine
view. Corner of Union and Larkin sts.
NEW cottage, 5 rooms, bath, large yard and
cellar; rent cheap. 3S Clipper st.
SUNNY cottages of 4 and 5 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard. 1576 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
TO let or lease— A partly furnished cottage of
i rooms and bath; modern improvements;
large garden, conservatory and chicken yard;
$25. 217 Third aye.
TO Rent-Modern cottnge. ISI3 Baker st. J. G.
JACKSON. 48 Market St.
4-r.. $10: .~)-r. (new), $15; 7-r. (new), $17; 8-r.,
$IS, or will sell. $50 to $200 rash; bal. like rent;
see 'em. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
$14—5 rooms and bath; large garden. 917 Treat
aye., near Txtenty-second st.
MARKET. 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
FLATS TO LET.
CORNER sunny upper fiat, 5 rooms. Apply
northeast cor. Eleventh and Natoma sts.
HAIGHT, 1021. above Broderlck, near Park-
Sunny 5-room flat; fine view.
NINETEENTH. 3954. near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe, corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
5 rooms, modern, $15, water free.
RING up Phone Rrown 323 if you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SKK those beautiful flats In warm bell of
Mission: newly tinted and painted through-
out: f> rooms, bath and latest improvements;
1002 and 10<)4 Dolores St., cor. Twenty-third;
rent cheapest in city: now open for Inspec-
tion. Apply MADISON & KURKE.
S( •( >TT. 2035. cor. Sacramento— Upper sunny S-
room flat, with attic; reasonable.
4 AND 6 room fiats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye.. $13. $14. $15. $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER. ?.C Glen Park aye.. ofT Twelfth st.
$14— COZY sonny lower flat. 4 rooms, bath,
yard. 6 Shotwell st , near Fourteenth.
$IS— PINE, l*J27Vs, between Van Ness aye. and
Franklin— Lower flat. 6 rooms and bath.
I'AYin STERN & SONS, 20 Montgomery St.
$35 — LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms,
bath. C 24 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
FURNISHED FLATS.
A HANDSOME middle flat; every convenience;
piasjp; garden. 1517 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
CLAY. 1026 — 3 large unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; all conveniences; good order; $9.
EDDY. :'.'■:. I'in.ly furnished suite for house-
keeping: also single; reasonable; private.
EDDY. 917 — Sunny, nicely furnished connecting
housekpg rms,; gas range; splendid location.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIFTH. .122— Suite rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 974— Complete sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single room; quiet family; cheap.
FOLSOM. 1186-^S sunny rooms c'-mHet- for
housekeeping; all conveniences; $14 per mo.
FIFTH, ?.2">— 3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
$13 f>o: one, $7; double parlors, kitchen, $23.
GEARY, 622— Large sunny front room, with
regular kitchen; all conveniences; nice yard.
GOLDEN GATE, 630- M sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete: first door; rent $*) per mo.
GOLDEN GATE, 311— Sunny room, gas, bath,
complete for housekeeping, $10.
HAMPSHIRE, 826— A room and stable to
rent.
HAVES, M 7 -Large alcove room, unfurnished;
single rtom; running water, bath; private
family.
HOWARD, 1214—2 large sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms, rent $12; single rooms. $5.
JESSIE, 476—2 sunny front rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping.
JACKSON, 820. near Mason— Furnished sunny
rooms, housekeeping, JS to $!<; single, $1.
MARKET. .<'..■> Two front suites of two o»
three rooms on same floor: sun all day.
MISSION. 1063— Sunny connecting housekeeping
rooms; running water; no objection to chil-
dren.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SAN CARLOS aye., 37S— :l furnished rooms and
bath, $15.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping; $10 month.
TWELFTH, 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
l THIRD, 304— Furnished. $2 per week up; sln-
| gle rooms. $1 25 up: brick building.
TT'RK.S43— 2 sunny rooms complete for house-
keeping: gas and bath: $ir..
TWELFTH, HOC— 3 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms in private family; select location.
; OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
; BROADWAY, 1229—3 furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; first-class: Ist floor.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
j suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
I Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stuckton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone, Main4y.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.-Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-claaa
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Oxford, 231 OFarrell. elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished: fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
BUSH, 7110— Elegant sunny suite for 1 or 2
| gentlemen; also single; bath, etc.; private.
I BUSH, 72S— Sunny bay-window rooms, fur-
nished; apply bet. 6 and 8 p. m.; gentlemen.
CENTRAL Hcune, 52 2d— Good family & single
rms.; day. 25. 50c; wk., $1 25. $2 50; mo., $5 up.
I DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $S nnd $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1: week. $2 to $6; families. >
EDDY, 614— Very desirable sunny front room;
lower floor; bath; gas: clean and quiet; $10.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $S week.
: FAIR OAKS, 94, above Guerrero— Sunny front
i furnished room. $4, or 1 unfurnished.
j FOLSOM,. 1037"; Single room in. private family.
: FOR single business men. In very quiet Jhuse,
with or without breakfast; Californla,™yd«
and I'olk; references. Box 3220, Call office.
HAMPTON pi., 3, off Folsom. bet. 2d antTld^i
bay-window sunny rooms; yard. Basement.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 7SI Mission: select "famliy
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HAVES. 735— 2 or 3 modern sunny rooms:
housekeeping if desired; select neighborhood.
| HOWARD. 715, ST. DA VID^3 - 200 rooms;
j suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
j HYDE, 511, near Geary— N,lcely furnished room
In private family; reasonable.
LARKIN, 1200— Nice sunny single rooms, $4 mo.
I up; good board and room; $3 50 per week.
McALLISTER, 70S— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms.
j MISSION, lOCS— 2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; use of piano; American family.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. '
NATOMA, 282, near Fourth— 3 unfurnished
rooms with water and yard.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $1 50
$4 50 wk., $6 to $15 mo.: also housekeelng.
OAK, 22-Nicely furnished modern roorne, $6
mo. up; suit. 2; private fam., nice location.
O'FARRELL, 203, corner Powell— Nice suite"-
also single rooms, by day or month.
O'FARRELL, 327— Furnished or unfurnished
large and single, front rooms; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms. $S and $10.
POST, 515— Handsome sunny suites and single
rooms; very reasonable.
POLK, 522— Furnished and unfurnished sunny
suites and single, complete for housekeeping.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect.
ROOMS TO Continued.
SITTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; Investigate
SEVENTH, 142 (Glrard House)— suites
. and single rooms at lowest rates. • ■
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE, . 16-18 European ; ele-
gant . rms: suite, single; day, . week, month;
baths; hot and cold water; transient; elev'tr.
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second— Tailors',
workrooms to let. .'•• ; v 1? -
STOCKTON. Nice sunny rooms, facing
plaza; suites; single; baths; by day or mo.
TURK, 232— Furnished rooms to let, with or
without housekeeping. . " .
TURK, 539— Pleasant -sunny single and double
rooms. $6 per mo up; hot water, bath, gas. .
WEBSTER. Newly furnished sunny
rooms; adults; references.
HOARDING AND ROOMS. • "
COLUMBIA Square, 24. opp. Folsom-st. Park^-
Nice large single room, with good board, $4
week. , - ■'.■.,.. i
FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $3 per week: nice location.
FULTON. 833 (The Mlzpah)— A qo,>t family
"hotel ; modern sunny rooms, single and en i
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GEARY. Sunny rooms: modern house;
first-class board. 'Phone Sutter 2061.
HYDE. Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
LELAND Hall. Palo Alto, box Handsome
flat and single rooms, with or without board;
pleasant surroundings: terms reasonable. -;,
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 1128— Sunny parlor suite: single
rooms; first-class board; large grounds. MRS.
• W. F. EVANS.
VAN NESS aye., Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY having no children would like childHto
board; best of care. : 12S& Ninth. St.
AN elderly lady, will take infants to board: a
mother's care; references. 23414 Sixth st.
STORES TO LET.
BARN to let— SW. cor. Hyde and Filbert: 2:>x
70; suit, for coal yard. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
BUTCHER shop to let; good locality.- Apply
at 125 Beale st. - . ■
LEAVEN WORTH. 1525, cor. of Pacific— Store
and 2 rooms; rent reduced.
SMALL store to let; rent $15. 228 Ellis st.
TO LET— Established grocery and bar; fixtures
complete. Apply Hibernla Brewery.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she'
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies, i
remove family troubles, restore ■ lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours j
10 a. m. to sp. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26. 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE, 833 Howard st.— The
wonderful trance medium can be consulted
on all the affairs of life; can 'read your
! thoughts: tell Just what you want to know;'
• if in bad luck she will chance It -.for. you;
letters promptly answered; enclose stamps.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p.m. ■> .-■■-. •. :
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born- double veil and second sight; '
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c. I
gents sl; palm, and clairv.; sit. $1 60. 120 Turk. 1
GYPSY life reader gives correct 'answers to !
all questions;- L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. • 3 7th. I
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus- j
band's' picture, 2.V-; ladles. : 914 O'Farrell st. j
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently;, business |
advice; names given; 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and"
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120^4 Geary st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession; never falls; advice: help. 929 Post. '
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; charms given. -73 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMAN I>E. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Lenvnwth.
SPIRITUALISE*.*
MAUD FOSTER, fortune .teller; ladies -and
gentlemen, 25c. 34 Sixth St., room 8.
MRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.; old No. 218.
MRP. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st., room Z.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 12»»4 Sixth st.,, room 14. -
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve.. Bp. m. : tsc. ■
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. ;
HYPNOTISM- . # .:.--':■ ,
COLLEGE Sug. Therapeutics, 247 Larkin; sci-
ences; .hypnotism; private lessons aft., evg.;
classes Mon..Thur. cv. . Mrs DT.Turman.pres.
' . MEDICAL. \
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted ; travelers treated ; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES, 59
McAllister st.; -pills, $2.
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief-
consult the doctor; free, before going : else-
where; regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post St., nr. Larkln.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home- in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience .of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. . .
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ladies, near
■ or far. consult y free, only doctor who uses
Schenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities;- any • cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs; unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice: home; best 'skill; low fees; pills. $2.
SURE cure, '■: when others fall; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female ' troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that ' restores " instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
' ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and -mothers— Seguro; price
$160. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro . Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, , Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
• female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
- express C O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DRS ELY. late of Ohio, 71 Fourth St.— Ladles'
sure cure; any. all; cure at office. $5; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz ; infallible, safe • rem-
edies ; 38 years' experience. 254*4 Fourth st. ■
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME in confinement: diseases of .women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
HORSEr. •'-■•■ •
AT HALF his value If : sold : quick; good
7- year-old horse; not afraid of cars. Stable,
20 Clay st. ;-'■■-" ■ * - ■■'"■ . r .
JUST ' arrived— horses, •- mules, burros. . 721
Howard st. ; auction every Tuesday. ■.-.',-
HORSES, harness, laundry, express . wagons of
; all kinds, buggies, , carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia" st. ■
40 HORSES for , sale; also ■ wagons, : . buggies,
1 carts, harness; . Grand Arcade \ Horse Mar-
ket ' 827 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CHEAPEST and I best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent ■ to < any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO, ; postage
- tree. " ■'■■ ■ - '-■■'■ • " ' v "' ■"■ " "-•' ''■
. ; WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ;
2-SEATED ■ Job • leather top -business wagon;
Shaw trotting cart. .-■■. SHAW'S. 1621 Market.
FAMILY carriage 1 with harness, good as new,
■••' $.175. . Address box 2863. Call"of flee. :
FINE laundry, I baker's and ml wagons . cheap
for cash or .Installments; 1 fine top and open
' buggy: also <1 ' hack. 828 Harrison st. * ■ 1 ■
.:." ■;:. ;-:•".; PHYSICIANS. .■- .. ■■'=:■' ;■.
DR. C :C. O' NELL, : office and ■ residence,'
ISM Market; diseases of. women ( a specialty.
CITY RE -L ESTATE. ' \
REAL ESTATE ; ' ' "
FOR ..ALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, ,<
4- MONTGOMERY ST. ' ' " -
Market St., double front., good brick . improve-
ments, near Sixth st.
' Kearny St., large lot, double front 3-story and
basement- brick building; rentss42s.
Rents $487: price reduced to $57,500: solid 3-
story and basement brick hotel building: stores
below; prominent dowtown. corner; two-thirds
can remain on mortgage.
Two fine Market-st. investments in retail dis-
trict, north and south side," $100,000 to $150,000
each. •
Offer wanted; elegant Investment; rents 1250;
price reduced from $40,000 to $33,000; used to
rent for $300; • 70 feet front, -and a new brick
building, on California st. . -
Fine Investment corner inside Larkin -St.: 100
xllO, and substantial Improvements; rents $270;
$35,000. -- - --
Rents $22".: $27,500: a fine .buy; half a block
from New City Hall; double front; large lot;
good Improvements.
Reduced to $21,000; Third St., near Mission;
brick building; leased at $135.
Rents $175 under leases; $22,500; Washington
st.; downtown investment; brick .building and
large lot; two fronts.; ;;?.V'VV ;;;>;:
Ellis St.. between Taylor and Jones;, 27:6 x
137:6, and fine two-story: can be remodeled and
will pay good interest; $15,000. . y "*Vs-,Vvi%'y.
BARGAIN— 6-room bay-window cottage.
1909 Broderick, near California; lot 27:6x52:6.
ONLY $13 50 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage; good neighborhood; 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
MODERN cottage cheap; price reduced: make
offer. 2670 21st St., near Bryant, 1 to 5 daily.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. 'Phone Brown 323.
PROPERTY^ IO^KXCIAMiIC.
2 STORES and 6-room flat; in iity $5,000
House and lot in Napa City for house
and lot in city or Oakland 3.000
Store and 2 flats: rented for $61.......... 8,000
Lot in Santa Rose for hardware store.. 500
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; opp.' Fifth. S. F.
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence -lot? furniture preferred. . EX,
106 Eleventh st. \
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on ■ real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN'. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or' Alameda; at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. ■ J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. -.' ■ - ■ . - •• ''.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin . Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st:* tel. Green 204. ;
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; 'no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; ' $25 up;
private party. BONNF-LLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commis. ; low interest Rm. 68/1170 Market.
REAL estate, furniture or ptanos. any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 325 Montgomery..
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
. late, etc. Room 7, 608 California st. •■••:•. . ■ ;.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and dl mortg.;
any proposition. Dry den.. 413 Montgomery,, st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 'M mort- j
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market rft. ;
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister St.
MONEY WANTED. . ; "
WANTED— On: improved property $2^o: no
agents. K. 7... box 6. Call office. Oakland. '
\ FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFFE BROS.. 108 Montgomery St.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. : private rooms.
■• - EDUCATIONAL. - ;
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping,'.' business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying,-. assaying, etc. 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory ( school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited I
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc. ; !
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
. or any Stanford professor. Phelan building. '.
AYRES 1 Business - College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, j typing;
bookkeeping, ' telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and • rapid I calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. | Room 572. . 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, i piano - and other
' instruments taught by lady teachers. 3SU
Twenty-fourth st. . .
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
cst. 1864. VAN DER NAILEN. 933 Market.
WEBSTER. 2107%— teacher; studied in
Paris; terms reasonable;. best references.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate; French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 103 Taylor st.
387 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads' taken.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TEH-
RILL, deceased. — of sale of real es-
t ate. -■■■- • ','-' -.' ■ ■ .: ■ - . ■
Notice Is hereby given that In pursuance of
an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the 2ist day of March, IS9S, in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TERRILL, - as ' executrix of the last will of
said CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder, in
one parcel and for cash In the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1898, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. >F. PRESTON, ESQ..
1004-1007 CUus Spreckels building. San Fran-
cisco, all the right title, • interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL. at the
time of his death,: and all the right, title and
Interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise; acquired other than or In
addition to that of the said CHARLES C
TERRILL at the time .of his death, in and
to all that certain lot. piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded : and
described as follows, to wit: -. • \. ,-
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
" aforesaid which is bounded by. a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly corner of Va-
l encia and Hermann streets, being the point
of Intersection of the . southerly . line of Her-
mann street with the -westerly line of ■•• Va-
lencia street, and ' running thence • southerly
along the , said westerly side of, Valencia
street seveMy-flve (*s)fe»t to a point; thence
at a right angle westerly,- on a line parallel
With Hermann street, : ninety (90) feet to a
' point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
line parallel with -Valencia street, twenty-
five (25) feet to a point; : thence at a right
angle westerly on a line : parallel with Her-
1 mann street, seventy-five (76) feet; and to a
point In the easterly line of Elgin Park;
thence at a right ; angle northerly and alone
the said easterly line or j Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet, and to a point in the said
southerly llne of Hermann street; and thence
1 easterly, : along • the said southerly line of
' Hermann ■ street, one hundred and sixty-five
(165) feet and to the point of commencement
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as the said block is
shown and so designated on the official ■ man
of said city and county, together with the
' Improvements thereon and the appurtenances
thereof. ■
ANNIE H. - TERRILL. Executrix of the
Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased.
Dated, March 26, 1898. ,
; E. F. PRESTON.. Attorney for Executrix. ■"-'
CITY 'and • County Treasury, San : Francisco
March 18, 1898— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, approved ■ September ' 15, ■. 1880,
■ there will be sold at public auction by E. S
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
• Butter street, on •-•••■ .- ■-. - ••.:
, , MONDAY, APRIL IS, 1898.
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed In
-an Inventory . thereof on 1 file In the office- of .
the ■ clerk of ' the . Board of Supervisors, and
consisting lof Jewelry, wearing . apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc. also a lot of trucks, valises,
clothing, . etc., ■ property ■ of deceased persons
received from . the •- Coroner lof this • city- and
county. ■ Open for Inspection >on morning '■ of
. sale. ..;..,.«•:, A. C.WIDBER.C :
.-'-■•■. . ; ■-. City. and County Treasurer. ■•'
.; ;; '."■-■ ""• -;'•;'-:.. STORAGE. ' ': ''•■- \ : * -' : : r
F''R lowest rates :go to LOUIS J. NELMAN,
121 Sixth St.. open evenings. -'* ; •-■;.'•,-■;'■- •;.?
AT ■ low ■ rates— Furniture, carpets, ... pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
: advances ■. made. .' J. NOON AN, , 1017 ' to. 1021
Mission st., , above . Sixth; ■ open evenings. - ':.■;
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. -F. •W.
i ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission St. Tel. Mint 18U. jr.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet..
: Stanford . University and Mountain View. ■ 1
; mile from May field; house 7 rooms; 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc: will rent low
■ for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP ft CO., Real Est. -Agts.. 630 Market.
MONEY on ; sealskins, silverware, : silks and
! watches. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye. , ; . -,
MILL VALLEY: for sale, house, furnished or
■ unfurnished. Apply 526 Turk st.
TEHAMA County. SO acres partly fenced; good
: water. Apply 403 Bryant; '
WRITE for list; good land. $10 arid $20 an acre.
: M. GRIFFIN, Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. CaL
A WEEK'S news for ,5 '■ cents— TbV." Weekly
■ Call. in -wrapper." for mailing. . .
' LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN ' LARKSPUR. ; '!
j Villa lots ar>d acreage: easy terms; 4s minutes
, -from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
: LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st. % -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
I OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
1 OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SPECIAL bargain— , new modern cot-
tage; 6 rooms and. bath; furnished; .in High-
• ■ land Park, East Oakland: lot 5uxl00: any
reasonable terms. • BELDEN & COOK,' 1112
Broadway, Oakland. • \ V .
MUST be Corner lot. 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR Elegantly " furnished house, 12
roomB;- magnificent grounds; comfortable car-
riage. Address M. M., Call office. Alameda.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, en suite or single, furnished or
unfurnished, elegant private residence; every |
convenience; large well kept grounds. 715 Bth. j
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
SUNNY rooms; good home board; reasonable;
no children. 120 Adeline. Oakland, nr. train.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap I
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S i
Eleventh St.. Oakland. !
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
SEE D. PRATT' S special bareains for ten I
days: Lot 25x122, $160; lot 25x120. $150; lot
j 57&X130, 100 feet from San Leandro road, $290; |
3-room house, corner lot \ 30x106, $S0O; 3-room j
house, lot 25x150, $300; 4-room house, lot 30x |
122, modern, new, high 'basement, $1150; s-
room new, modern house, high basement, all !
conveniences, large lot. $16. all of the above i
property within five minutes' walk of Fruit-
vale Station. I own all control of the above
and can give terms to suit.
FOR RENT. '
Neatly furnished house, 7 rooms: large lot; j
best location in Fruitvale. D. PRATT, cor. !
Putnam and Fruitvale aye., Fruitvale Station.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
■ Bchoolhouse. : ■ :
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of |
i .6' rooms and one of 4 rooms. . . - .•■ -\ * t -.'.'■-
i $1600— 60x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and j
bath; near Chestnut station.' ■ ■ ..",-"- . .
i $2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150: only
i 2 blocks from station and nign school. ..: -.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath:. lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.. ■
" Houses to let In all parts of Alameda. . =
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st. ,
;^^"^^^^^^^ TnTTT^Z '
UEIUvKLEY itliAL ESTATE. *
: $2700— A. FINE house of 8 rooms; lot 40 i K0; !
street work all done; splendid view. JOSEPH
, J. , MASON, Real Estate, • Berkeley- station.
: $1250— A VERY big bargain; house of 6 rooms |
I and bath, etc.: lot 40x130: Improvements cost i
$1200. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, j
'. Berkeley station. .. ■ •.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
ASSESSMENT NOTlCE— Wittram Propeller
Company, office and principal place of busi-
ness, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of i
the Board of Directors, . held on- the 7th day
, of March, 1898, an assessment' (No. 4) of one i
• (1) cent per share was levied upon the capital
.stock of the corporation, payable immediate- I
ly In United States gold coin to the secretary ■
at the office of the company •at the above
address. : . • - •
Any stock upon' which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 12th day of April, 181*8, |
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at \
public auction, and unless payment is made !
before, will be sold on the 29th day of April, !
1898, to pay the delinquent assessment, to- '
gether with costs of advertising and ex- !
penses of sale." By order of the : Board of j
Directors. < - ..--.->-,■?,:,";-.
CHARLES A. HUG. Secretary,
■ " ' * . 227 Market st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ;
The following marriage licenses were granted
yesterday: ' ~ .
S. Bauer and Edna Rosengarden, 28-21.
August Renk and Anna Tubbesing, 28-26.
Joseph A. Wiener and Paula Henrich. 40-25.
George O. Perry and Isabella H. Cross, 32-26.
Julius Paschold and Constance Peddle, 25-24.
John Holtum- and Cathrine Gertsen, 52-50.
Frank Boggs and Jessie Hill, 23-18.
William Little and Lillie Groeper. 28-19.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. \
Birth, marriage and death ' notices sent by
I mall will not be inserted. They must be
I hande-J in at either of the publication "offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
ELKINS— To the wife of George B. Elklns,\a '
daughter.
JOHNSON— In Watsonville, April 3, 1898, to the
wife of F. W. Johnson, a son.
McFARLAND— Watsonville, April 3, 1898, i
to the wife of L. D. McFarland, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DINSMORE— MARTIN— In Salinas, April 3.
1898, by the Rev. J. W. Bryant, H. W. Dins-
more and Vinnie Martin, . both formerly of
Watsonville. ■ ■: , ; ' - : ■
PITZER— WHIPP— Pomona, March 31, \by
the Rev. F. M. Dowllng, Grant I Pitzer and
Lizzie J. Whipp.
WILHOIT— In San Luis Obispo,
April 5, 1898, by the Rev. J. C. Eastman, Ed-
:■ ward L. Wllholt and Lulu R. Howland, both
of San Luis Obispo. ■ . - ; <■ .
tiIED.
Aagaard. Hakon '■'. ..- Jilge. : Augusta M.
Arrive. Brlgitte . Koenlg, Moritz
1 Barry, George W. '.' Levy, Catherine *
Brannan', John Llnahan. Hannah A.
Bryant; Rebecca . McLaughUn, Neal .'
Bura,:Adolph McMaster, William
Clark, George McVey, Mrs. Mary
Coppin, Alvira •: -■ . -Marks, Seymour -
Cummiugs, ■ Edmond : Masters, (.'apt. G. "W.
Durrer, Arnold .;-. Nagel; Jacob
Englander, Theresa - O'Shaughnessy, M.
Foley, Josephine , Plymire, William A.
Forden, Miss 'J. ' >. ■» Reeve, Alfred
Frapwell, Mrs. Mary , Russell, Henry
Graham, Edward Taber, < August '
Greves. William .V",;.' Williams, William
Holland. Peter -: .
AAGAARD— In this city, April 5, 1898. Hakon.'
, beloved . son of M. : Aagaard, and . brother of
. Olof Aagaard of La , Center, • Wash., a native
■ of .Trondhjem, Norway, aged , 34 years.
' IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 123 Stock-
ton street, corner of Geary. Interment -Laurel
Hill Cemetery. V-" V ". ~'-.
ARRIVE— Livermore, March 28. 1898. Brig-
■ T ltte, beloved- mother of Mrs. E. N. Knight,
Mrs. M. V. Masson and Mrs. H. Y. - Jones,
and grandmother of . Mrs. "D. R. ' i ees and
Leon and Ernest Masson, , a native of Brest,
France, aged 66 years 6 months and 4 days. -
BARRY— In this city, April 7. 1898, George W., !
■ dearly, beloved son", of ,i Mathew and - Mary
. Barry, husband of the late Marguerite Barry,'
- and brother of James, John, Edward, Walter,
Annie. '■ Eva and the late Mary and Thomas
Barry, -a ; native of • San Francisco, * aged 26
years 6 months and 28 days. •',■■:.-. .-
- (C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1403 Railroad avenue, corner :of • Six-
teenth, thence to All Hallows Church, where
services will be celebrated for ' the repose :of
his soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross : Cemetery. "!S?^t3lTlw!Bi
] BRANNAN— In ; San Lorenzo, .April 8, ';1898, r .
John, beloved husband of the late Katherine
Brannan, , and uncle >of Mrs. -. Patrick ■ Sugrue,
a native of County Galway, Ireland, aged
74 years.-' • . - -..,-*. - : - ; ." .-•;■ --■ - -
• iCTFrlends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday),' at 1 o'clock, 'v from his: late resi-
• dence at San Lorenzo, thence to: the Catholic
. Church i■ at ': Haywards. ■ Interment Catholic
'■■• Cemetery at : Haywards. ■ {-y-. ■;:>-.
BRYANT— In this city, April 8. 1898, Rebecca
Bryant, a native of New York. ...
BURA— In ; this city, » April f '> 1898. Adolph,
dearly j beloved ■ husband ; of Marie » Bura, and
' father of Henry i and .Henrietta Bura, a na-
' : . tive '■ of • Hamburg. ■ Germany, ; aged ;45 years
10 months and 12 days. A member of Ger-
mania Club. / ;. : -. i, •-..'.;.>.
' C?" Friends and acquaintances ' are respect- }
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). :it 2 o'clock, from Union Square
Hall, 421 Post street, between Mason and
Powell. Remains nt the I'arlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 120".t Mission street. Interment I.
0. O. F. Cemetery.
CLARK— At his home near Glen Ellen. April
6. IS9S, George Clark, a native of New York,
a^ed S4 years.
COPPIN— In this city. April G, 1898, Alvira, be-
loved wile ol Richard J. and motner of Flor-
ence V. Coppin, and daughter of Jonathan
and Elizabeth Van Buskirk. a native of In-
gersoll, Canada, ased 37 years and 3 months.
(Ingersoil and London, Canada, papers please
copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral t<iis day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 319 North Willard street. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
I. O. O. F.— Templar Rebekah Lodge No. 19,
I. O. O. F. : Officers anil members are re-
quested to attend the funeral of bister Alvira
Coppin from her late residence. 319 North
Willard street, at 1 o'clock, this day (Sat-
urday). TILLIE WINTERSTEIN. N. G.
CUMMINGS— in this city. April 6, 1898. Ed-
mond Francill Cummings, a native of Vir-
ginia, ngert 56 years.
IT3"Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fineral this (lav
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Goileau, 305 Montgomery aye. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
M. K. TS. A. No. 35— Members are requested to
attend the funeral of our late brother. E. F.
Cummings. Meet at 36 East street at 1:15
o'clock this day (Saturday).
J. E. O'BRIEN, President.
J. J. LEAREY. Secretary.
DURRER— In Fruitvale. Alameda County, Cal.,
April S, 1898, Arnold, beloved husband of Mar-
gretha Durrer. a native of Switzerland, aged
3S y»ars 11 months and 8 days.
ENGLANDKR-ln this city. April 7. 1898. The-
resa, widow of the late Max Englander, and
mother of Rebecca Desheok. Etta Zellerbach.
Rose Steiner and Aaron and H. M. Eng-
lander, a .native of Germany, aged 68 years.
[C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tv attend the funeral to-mnrmw
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 807 Franklin street. Interment Horns
of Peace Cemetery, by special train from
Third and Townsend streets at 2:15 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
FOLEY— In this city. April 7. ISDS, Josephine,
eldest and beloved daughter of Thomas and
Mary Foley, and sister nf Thomas. Frank
and Ella Foley, Mrs. J. McLnughlin and the
late Annie and Julia Foley, a native of San
Francisco.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:18 o'clock, from the lesidencs
of her parents, 1624 Pacific avenue, thence to
Bt. Brigid's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FORDEN— In Wntsonville. April 5. 189 S. Miss
Josephine Forden of Oregon, aged 20 years.
FRAPWELL— In Corra'.itos, April 1. 189S, Mrs.
Mary Frapwell. a native of England, aged
64 years 4 months and 11 days.
GRAHAM— In thin eltjr, April 6. IS9B. Edward
Graham, beloved warn of the lute Elizabeth
Murray, and brother of Mrs. C. Stahr, Mrs.
E. Mason, Mrs. D. Harris. Mrs. T. Bulger,
Richard Graham and Thomas Murray Jr., a
native of San Francisco.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this da.y
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. D. Harris, 535 Elizabeth
street, near Castro, thence to St. James
Church, corner Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GREVES— In this city. April 8, IS9S. William,
beloved husband of Emma S. Greves, father
of Georgine Edith Greves, son of David and
the late Mary Ann Greves, and brother of
James, Hirim, David and George creves, a
native of Australia, aged 36 years S months.
HOLLAND— In this city, April S, 1898, Petef
Holland, police officer, a native of Ireland,
aged 57 years. .
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)/ at 9:4."> o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, for services,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
JILGE— In thin city, April S. IS9B, Augusta
Mathilda, dearly beloved wife of the late
William Jilge, and mother of William and
Bertha Jilge, a native of Germany, aged 67
years 1 month and 14 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mnrrovr
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eigthth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
KOENIG— In thi= city, April 4, 18!)S, MorltJ.
dearly beloved husband of Anna Koenig, and
father of Anita Koenig. a native of Ann-
stadt, Germany, aped 46 years and 9 months.
A member of Germania Lodge No. 1718, K. of
H., and Peutscher Krleger Verein.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from B'nal B'rith Hall,
121 Eddy street, thence by electric funeral-
car from Fourteenth and Mission streets, at
2:30 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of H. F.
Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, April 7. IS9B, Catherine,
beloved mother of Edward and Viola Levy,
and sister of Mrs. J. Dennis, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years.
LINAHAN— In this city, April 8. 1898, Han-
nah Agnes, beloved wife of Joseph P. Lina-
han, daughter of John and Jane Crowley,
dearly beloved mother of Joseph Jr., (Frank
Elgin), Charles, (Ellen Edna), (Robert Mil-
ton) and Herman Linahan. and sister of
Mrs. Hermann Corner>s and the late John
J. Crowley, a native of Cambridgeport, Mass.,
aged 3S years 9 months and 11 days.
(D^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sun Jay), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. Hermann Corneps, 918 Vallejo
street, thence to St. Francis Church, for serv-
ices, commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross "Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, April S, 1898,
Neal, beloved husband of Bridget McLaugh-
lin, father of Nellie, Thomas J. and Neal I.
McLaughlln and the late Mrs. Man* Pinto,
and grandfather of Henry and Joseph Pinto,
a native of County Derry, Ireland, aeed 77
years and 10 months.
McMASTER — In Alameda. April 6. I<M>.s, Wil-
liam McMaster. a native of Ayrshire, Scot-
land, aged 66 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1141 Park avenue. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
McVEY— In Oakland, April S. IS9B, Mrs. Mary
McVey, formerly of New York, a native of
County Derry, Ireland, aged 87 3 r ears.
M«ARKS-In T'kiah, Cal., April 7. IS9S, Sey-
mour, beloved husband of Caroline Marks,
a native of Prussia, aged 64 years.
C^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 10 o'clock, at B'nal B'rith Hall. 121
Eddy street, under the auspices of Crockett
Lcidse No. 139, F. and A. M.
MASTERS— In Alameda, April 7. 189 S. Captain
G. W. K. Masters, a native of Rogkllp, Me.,
aged r.5 years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2921 Lincoln avenue, Alameda.
NAGEL— In this city, April 7. I*9B. Jacob, be-
loved husband of Louisa Nagel. and father
of Louiß. Albert. Charles and Willie Nagrel.
and brother of Babetta Hem and Mrs. Lena
Couper, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 66 years and 2 months.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2305 Bryant street, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
streets, where the services will be held, un-
der the auspices of Harmony Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F., commencing at 2 o'clock sham.
Members of Eureka Ham No. 4. Pruides, IT.
A. O. D., and Teutonla Council No. 66.
Chosen Friends, are invited to attend. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
PLYMIRE— In this city, April 7, 1898, Wil-
liam A. H.. son of James A. and S. E. Ply-
mire, and brother of Fred A.. Dr. D. 8.,
Charles J. and Harry G. Plymlre. a native
of Clarksburg, W. Va., aged 22 years 9
months and 5 days. (Red Bluff and Vallejo
papers please copy.)
(CTFrienis and, acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at the par-
lors of H. C. Bunker & C-.. 2666 Mission
street. Mission Masonic Temple. Interment
Red Bluff. Cal.
REEVE— In San Jose, April 6. IR9S, Alfred
Reeve, a native of Kentucky, aged 84 years 11
months and 3 days.
RUSSELIj — In Haywards, Alameda County,
Henry Russell, father of John H. Russell and
Mrs. Frank Lewis, and brother of Mrs. Louis
Harrington of American Forks, Utah, and
Isaac Russell of Davisville, Yolo County, a
native of New Tork State, aged 70 years and
6 months.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the Congrega-
tional C'.iureh. Haywards. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery. Friends and acquaintances
are invited to attend.
O'SHAUGHNERSy— At Mill Valley, Marin
County, April 8. 1898, Maurice, beloved »on of
M. M. and Mary O'Shaughr.essy. a native of
Mill Valley. Marln County, Cal., aged 3 yebrs
and 3 months.
(C?" The funeral -will taße place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from S. P. 11. R.
depot, corner Third and Townsend streets.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TABER— In Son Jose, Cal.. April 6, 1898, Au-
gust Taber, aged 72 years.
WILLIAMS— In Indio, Cal.. April S. 1898. Wil-
liam Meredith, dearly beloved son of Mrs.
M. C. Williams, and brother of Mrs. Alice
Wolf, a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years 5 months and 24 days.
j^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 529 Caor> street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
B McAVOy"& GALLAGHER^^^T
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS it EMBALMER3 I
k £0 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Ssiioji. I
I Telephone, South 30. I
Eatab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embaimers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the us»
et our patrons. Rubber tire* on our ambulasc*.
1314
MOURNED
THE SAVIOR'S
SACRIFICE
Good Friday Solemnly
Observed by the
Churches.
Sermons, Chanting, Lit
anies and Readings
From St. John.
Beautiful Wgeather and a Great
Attendance at All the
Services.
SIMPLICITY THE CUSTOM.
An Absence of Mxisio and Many Evi
dences of Sorrowful De
votion.
Good Friday services were observed
in even- church in the city yesterday,
noticeably in the Roman Catholic and
Episcopal. Owing to the beautiful
weather the attendance at all services
was large, and a noticeable feature in
the Catholic ranks was quite a revival
of the old custom of making pilgrim
ages from one churc' to another. Hun
dred* of the faithful observed this cus
tom.
Throughout the halcyon afternoon
there was the greatest silence in all the
churches. Not a bell rang, not an or
gan Bounded, but chanting and prayer
marked the day.
In the Catholic churches solemn de
votional servici took the place of the
solemnization of the mass in the morn
ing, while the evening services consist
ed not of the observance of vespers and
benediction but of the saying of the
rosary and sermons on the subject of
'"The Passion" as recorded in St. John.
Services in all *the churches of the
city were marked by great simplicity,
as is usual. In the Catholic churches
the altars and ofiiciatin- clergy were
draped in black. Go d Friday being the
only day when such draping occurs.
Prayers for peace and the unity of the
church, for the rulers of the nation and
state, were general iv offered.
Another feature of the observance of
the day in the Catholic churches was
that the clergy removed their shoes
during part of the ceremonies, and the
eucharist was taken out of the taber
nacle and placed on St. Joseph's altar,
where it will remain until to-day in all
the churches.
After the reading of the ceremonies
the choirs chanted without the aid of
any organ music, which was abolished.
Some of the clergy chanted and others
chanted the answers. After the cere
monies the crucifix was taken to the
altar, and the congregation in front of
the altar rail kissed the wounds, the
crucifix being on a cushion in front of
the altar steps.
At St. Ignatius the afternoon ceremo
nies lasted three hours, the Rev.
Father Xeri <' Mvering a sermon on
"The Last Seven Words of Christ."
The Episcopal services throughout
the city were quite impressive, consist
ing of the usual Good Friday ceremo
niee. At Grace Church the ceremonies
began at 10:30 and consisted' of the
prayer, litany and sermon by Rev. Dr.
Foute. The afternoon services contin
ued from 3 until 6 o'clock. They consist
ed of continuous services and addresses
by several ministers. The nieht services
began at 8 o'clock and were conducted
by Rev. Dr. Shaw.
There were special services at the
First Lutheran Church yesterday
morning. The Rev. E. E. Nelander de
livered a Bennon, subject "Before the
Cross." The servic s also Included a
select number of solos and other sine
ing by the choir.
In other churches throughout the
city the services were of a similar
character, consisting largely of the
reading of passages from St. John and
the observance of the formalities long
prescribed in the various denomina
tions.
Money Coining In.
Manager J. A. Filcher. who Is handling
the Alaska trade end of the State Board
rf Trade, In speaking A the work of col
lecting money for advertising purposes,
said: Mayor Phelan has set a pood ex
ample to the capitalists and business men
of San Francisco by sending In a subscrip
tion of $25 a month, with the first month
In advance, toward the support of the
Btate Board of Trade, for the purpose of
strengthening Its endeavors to secure as
much of the Alaska trade as possible for
Ban Francisco. There are certainly fifty
men and firms in this large city who can
afford to do as well, and a hundred others
who can giv^ $r> or more a month- and
with from $1000 to $20K) a month properly
expended. Manager Filcher says, the civ
ilized world could be aroused to San
Frandßeo's advantages as a great sea
port and outfitting point, aDd a large
share of the Alaska trade, especially that
by way of the Yukon, which will soon
commence, could b* turned this way
An Advance in Through Rates.
Vice-President J. C. Stubbs of the
Bouthern Pacific received a telegram yes
terday from New York, Informing him
that all the lines involved in the passen
ger rate war had decided to advance the
rates from the Missouri River to Pacific
Coast terminals $10 on both first and sec
ond class fares. This will make the rate
to Portland, Seattle and Vancouver $30
first-class and $110 second-class.
The telegram was received late In the
afternoon and was unaccompanied by any
other information. It is supposed to bo
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in- [
stantly relieved by a warm bath with Ccrrr-
critA Soap, a single application of Cdticcua
(ointment), the great skin cure, and a full dose
of CcticukaUesolve.vt, greatest of blood
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
b .old throughout the world, Porrn D«r. Aim Cum.
Lorp., Prop*., Bottoo. '• How to Cart Salt abeam," fro*. ■
FALLUB HMF^W«£! •■
the result of the conference of the differ
ent passenger traffic associations that was
scheduled for some date between the Stn
and 16th insts.. though no advice that
such a meeting ahd actually taken place
had been received.
AN IMPORTANT CONFERENCE.
A Committee From the Merchants'
Association Talk Paving With
H. E. Huntington.
A committee from the Merchants' Asso
ciation of San Francisco held a consulta-.
tion with H. E. Huntington of the Mar
ket-street Railroad Company at the lat
ter's office yesterday afternoon relative
to the proposed repaying of Market
street. Owing to the terms of the fran
chise under which the railroad company
operates It is responsible for nearly one
half the expense of the proposed im
provements, while the balance of the ex
penditure would have to be borne by the
city. The meeting was behind closed doors
and was an exceedingly lengthy one,
but it was learned that after the whole
matter had been thoroughly talked over
the most Mr. Huntington could say was
that the matter would be considered by
the board of directors at a special meet
ing which will be called for that purpose
either this afternoon or Monday morning.
Those present at yesterday's conference
were Mayor Phelan. Hugo Kiel. A. S.
Baldwin and W. R. Sherwood, represent
ing the Merchants' Association, and H. E.
Huntington, representing the Market
street Railroad Company. Henry H.
Lynch, superintendent of construction for
the railroad people, was called in to give
his advice on some technical matters that
came up.
■ ♦ ■
PRAISE FOR POLICEMEN.
Fire Marshal Towe Compliments
Officers R. J. McGrayan and
J. Lynch.
Fire Marshal Charles Towe has paid a
well-deserved compliment to Policemen R.
J. McGrayan and J. Lynch. The compli
ment was given in a communication to
Captain of Police John Spillane. and by
him referred to the Police Commission-
ers before it was transmitted to the offi
cers named. The Fire Marshal in his
communication tells of a fire In the early
morning in a restaurant that was dis
covered by Policeman McGrayan. wno
promptly gave an alarm and as promptly
went to the rescue of over a score of
persons who were sleeping over the store
where the flames were discovered and
who were in peril of their lives. "I be
lieve.' said the Fire Marshal, "that
through the promptness of the officer a
calamity was averted — one that would
have sent a thrili through the hearts of
our best citizens."
Fire Marshal Towe not only thanked
Policeman McGrayan, but extended a
word of praise to Policeman J. Lynch.
He says that It was through the combined
efforts and good Judgment of McGrayan
and Lynch that he was able to procure
evidence that established the fact that
the place had purposely been set on fire,
and which will bring the perpetrators of
the crime to the bar of justice.
"How little thought our citizens give
to such brave deeds I know full well,"
concludes the Fire Marshal; "but it is
such acts that cause me to know the
vni'ip of the ever watchfulness of our
police."
To Investigate a Nuisance.
The members of the Board of Health
and Mayor Phelan will drive out to the
Lick and Wilmerding schools site this
morning and investigate the nuisance
property-owners in the vicinity allege ex
ists there. Four blocks bounded by San
Bruno avenue. Kansas, Sixteenth and
Channel streets are far below the official
grade and are covered with stagnant
water, which is considered a menace to
the health of those living in the vicinity.
CHINESE EMBEZZLER CAPTURED
Deputy Sheriff Q. H. Kinloch of So-
lano Lands a Daring Criminal.
Deputy Sheriff G. H. Kinloch of Solano
County cleverly captured Yee Wing, a
well-known highbinder, and after some
trouble brought him to the City Prison
last evening, where a charge of felony
embezzlement was entered against him.
Wing embezzled a large sum of money
from a fellow-Chinaman and succeeded
In leaving the city, despite the effort of
the police to find him. He skipped to So
lano County, and his whereabouts be
came known to the local officers. A war
rant for his arrest was forwarded to
Kinloch, who after a long search found
him. Wing's presence in the country
town waa kept secret by his countrymen,
and every effort was made to prevent
Kinloch from effecting his capture.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
A GREAT FIELD
WILL SPORT SILK
The $10,000 Burns Hand
icap Down for Decision
To-Day.
Traverser and Candelaria,
Coupled, Rule Choices in
the Betting.
Ostler Joe and Scarborough. Have
Hosts of Friends— Buck Maesie
Will Be Heard From.
The Burns handicap, the richest
prize of the California turf, will be de
cided this afternoon at Oakland track.
From a horseman's point of view more
class is g-athered together to contest
for the stake than on any previous oc
casion. In the past it has been won
by Lissak, the "gentleman in black,"
generously assisted by a kind-hearted
handicapper, and his two stable com
panions, Major McLaughlin, the
"knooker-about," and the black colt
Jim Flood. Wheel of Fortune, with
Shaw up. drew the large end for owner
Joe Harvey, and last year Ruinart,
piloted by Marty Bergen, turne- 1 up
SOME OF THE ENTRIES FOR THE GREAT RACE TO-DAY.
winner at all sorts of odds in the bet
ting.
When the weights for the race this
afternoon were first issued much fault
i was found with the allotments made by
: Handicapper Brooks, and not without
j some reason, for several good horses
| will remain in the stables on account
iof the heavy imposts dealt out with
j lavish hand. However, a field of eleven
j horses have accepted the issue, and,
! from a betting standpoint, it promises
! to be a swell affair, as nearly every
! horse is conceded a chance by enthu-
I elastic admirers.
There is a paucity of riding material,
and the officials of the California
! Jockey Club have been called upon to
unravel many perplexing entangle
ments, every available jockey appar
ently having engaged himself to at
least two different owners. This prob
lem is now settled, and the make-up of
. the race will probably be as follows:
i Marplot. 94, J. Woods.
Morelllto. 104, Spencer.
! Fonaovannah, 102, H. Martin.
! Traverser, 112, Thorpe.
Won't Dance, 118. C. Sloan.
1 Satsumn, 122, H. Shields.
Buck Massie. 125. Clayton.
Candelaria, 105, Clawson.
Ostler Joe, 123. Plggott.
1-lnstock. 107. Gray
Scarborough, US, Hennessy.
In a prominent downtown hotel, the
resort of horsemen, the betting last
evening favored the Burns & Water
house pair. Traverser and Candelaria,
at odds of 7to 2. The quotations
against the others were: Scarborough,
E to 1; Ostler Joe, 7 to 1; Won't Dance,
10 to 1; Satsuma, 10 to 1; Buck Massie,
7 to 1; Fonsovannah, 12 to 1; Marplot,
30 to 1; Linstock. 8 to 1; Morellito, 10
to 1. At these odds Scarborough and
Ostler Joe seemed most in demand.
The race has created widespread en
thusiasm, and the largest crowd of the
present racing season promises to be
present.
THE DIRECTORY CROWDED.
Not Room for One-half the Youths
Who Desire Admission—Plan
ning a New Building.
Finding that the old building at 2023
Howard street is no longer adequate for
the purposes, Father Crowley intends
erecting a new building to be used as the
Youths' Directory.
The Youths' Directory was founded
eleven years ago, at which time Father
Crowley purchased the lot on Howard
street, which then contained a twelve
room house. For a time this was large
enough, but so rapidly did the institution
grow that at the end of a year the old
building was moved back in the yard and
the present building was erected.
It is proposed to erect the new bui.^mg
on Nineteenth street, between Valencia
and Guerrero. It will be a handsome
structure of the Italian Renaissance
style, built in the shape of an "L," and,
although it will front on Nineteenth
street, the main building will oe on An
gelica street, with 173 feet resting on
Cumberland place.
A new building has become an absolute
necessity, as the f ur large dormitories
have become overeiowded— two boys oc
cupying each bed, and the beds were
meant for only one. As the Directory is
supported almost entirely by voluntary
contributions, it has no fund on hand to
erect the new building, the cost of wMcli
is estimated at $80,000, and Father Crow
ley will appeal to the public for money to
aid in the work.
Will Damage Their Property.
George Brown and a half dozen other
owners of property on Turk street, be
tween Masonic avenue and St. Joseph's
avenue, commenced suit yesterday
against Mayor Phelan, the Board of
Supervisors and Archbishop Rirodan, to
onjoln them from carrying out the terms
of a resolution passed "by the Supervisors
providing for the reduction of the width
of Turk street 31 feet 3 inches between
the above-named avenues. They allege
that if the resolution is put into effect it
will result in serious damage to their
property.
Election Commissioners.
The Election Commissioners met yester
day and ordered the publication of the
proclamation calling for the special char
ter election on May 26 Bids were or
dered advertised for for the erection of
the polling booths, supplies, etc.; also
bids for the printing of the new precinct
maps. In compliance with the written re
quest of the Carpenters' Union the board
adopted a resolution providing that the
successful bidder for erecting the elec
tion booths shall not work his men more
than eight hours a day, and providing for
a fine of $7f> for each violation of the or
der and the forfeiture of the contract.
FOUND HIM UNCONSCIOUS.
Officers Looking for a Man Find Him
With a Fractured Skull.
A. C. Sloan, who was wanted by the po
lice, was found by Officers Prowse and
Jewell last evening lying unconscious in
the street at the corner of Jackson and
Dupont streets. He was taken to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital, where he was
found to be bleeding from the ear and an
investigation showed that his skull had
been fractured. The man was under the
influence of liquor and became so violent
t J? at . lt Wiis necssary to remove him to
the hospital at the City Hall and place
him in a padded cell.
Sloan is supposed to have stolen a box
of tobacco from Horn & Co., at 205 Bat
tery street, yesterday afternoon. The to
bacco was sold to a cigar dealer at the
corner of Montgomery and Washington
streets, and from the buyer's description
of the man who sold it the officers think
Sloan the guilty man. He is well known
to the police as a bad character, and it is
their opinion that while drunk from the
money he received for the stolen goodu
he fell and injured himself.
Cosmos Club Election.
Th© annual election of officers of the
Cosmos Club will be neld to-day, and the
old question of a ladies' annex will t rob
ably he finally settled as the result of this
ballot. The candidates favoring this an
nex are W. B. Bradford, president, and
James T. Langhorn vice-president. At
the head of the opposition are Ferdinand
Reis for president and John Alexander
for vice-president. It is probable that the
election will be warmly contested, as
much interest is felt in the matter.
Loring Club Concert.
The Loring Club will give Its third con
cert at Odd Fellows 1 Hall next Wednes
day evening. The programme, which has
many interesting numbers. Is as follows:
"Sea Greeting," Thayer; "Far Away "
Engelberg; trio, piano, violin and violon-
cello (Op. 99), Schubert; "Night Greet
ing," Kremser; "The Merry Trumpeter,"
Rhelnberger: "Heinz yon Stein," Thayer;
'cello solo, "Caprice Hongrolse," Roerer;
"Spring Magic, Sturm; violin solo, (a)
"Cavatina," Sauret; (b) "Perpetuum Mo
bile," Scharwenka; "To the Sons of Art,"
Mendelssohn.
Rotten Sidewalks.
Property-owners on Sanchez street, be
tween Market and Fourteenth, have filed
with the Supervisors a protest against
the acceptance of the sidewalks recently
put down by Flinn & Treacy. They allege
that the wrong kind of rock was used;
that the bitumon was not properly cook
ed; that the walks will not permit water
to drain off. and that the top dressing is
so rotten that it can be crumbled with
the fingers.
He Now Hopes to Live.
Charley Dean, the half-breed Chinese,
who shot and killed Ah Gow. a Chinese
woman, is not so desirous of making a
hero of himself on the scaffold as he was
two weeks ago. At that time he pleaded
guilty. When he was brought before
Judge Wallace yesterday he asked per
mission to withdraw his plea of guilty in
cider that he might stand trial. The plea
was withdrawn, and the 2Sth inst. was
set for the beginning of the trial.
The Verdict Was Excessive.
The Bowers Rubber Company recently
recovered judgment lor $4000 against H.
D. Blasdel. A motion for a new trial
was made, and Judge Hunt yesterday de
ciaed that the verdict of the jury was
excessive. In a written opinion filed.
Judge Hunt set forth his views of the
litigation, concluding with the announce
ment that he believed $600 would fully
compensate the plaintiffs. Unless they
accept that amount a new trial will be
granted.
Still Fighting for Alimony.
Frankle White. ...e divorced wife of
George E. White, the "cattle king" of
Mendocino County, commenced suit yes
terday against Hulme & Hart to enjoin
them from paying $'1500 to her former hus
band. She has for months past been light
ing to secure the payment of back ali
mony, and now sues to enjoin Hulme &
Hart, having received information that
her divorced husband holds a claim
against them for $1500.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO.. Murphy Bldg.,
Mkt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts'
To be perfectly proportioned, a man
should weigh twenty-eight pounds for
every foot of his height.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______^~----~~-~~
The
Finishing
Touch.
\r?r # lg -/
\ you have for ■* SV# rootDr c PP if /
I y ° u teve Jmm * * * L~
V WHAT ABOUT F»^ ™*^"^ /
\ Hosiery WHAT ABOUT /
\ Garters Underskirts /
\ Belts vV' Silk Waists /
\ Underwear _ ')d^_ Separate Skirts /
Corsets M§, §&& M SJ?,f s Ca o pes /
r^Muspenders ? i^» Mlllinery U^^
\ WHAT ABOUT V.
\ Handkerchiefs . | WHAT ABOUT /
\ Perfumery <0h Veiling, Ribbons /
\ Gloves W.^7 And all those /
Hairpins \LA Daint y thin £S /
Corset Laces $mmm ISJ^tZ ■
iCosmetics ? {fM^^'^\ Complete ? l^a
\ We Close at 6 P.M. Come Early. SSacv c /
A Time and Money /
\ '&37-3©-4/-43-45-47 Marker Sir /
THE MANY WARS
OF THE SPANIARDS.
An Expert Says That No Man Is
Braver Than the Don When
in Battle.
"No man is braver than a Spaniard,"
said Sir Richard Grenville of Devon.
The history of Spain is a history of in
cessant struggle, incessant warfare
and incessant cruelty.
Spain, as we understand the name, i
came into being with the marriage of
Ferdinand and Isabella. By this union
two great provinces were" made one, I
and others came in to make the whole, j
Under Ferdinand and Isabella began •
the voyages of discovery which were to j
give Spain control of nine-tenths of j
the new world. Being the initiative j
reign of Spain as a nation it was, of
course, a warlike reign. Three men out
of four when asked to name the
leading events of Ferdinand's occu
pancy of the throne will say that Co
lumbus made an egg stand up for his
delectation, and discovered Amejrica,
and stop there. Yet in that reign the
Moors were driven from Spain; the in
quisition was established; Torquemada
was a power second only to the Pope j
himself; the Jews were expatriated; j
there were many wars In Italy; there
was a war with France to recover Cer
dagne and Roussillon, which had been
mortgaged to France by Ferdinand's
father; there was the rise and world
filling fame of- Gonsalvo de Cordova,
the great soldier; there was the utter
defeat of the French on Italian soil;
there were successful wars in Africa
and the wars of the so-called Holy
League.
In the days which followed Hernando
Cortez fought and conquered Mexico
and Francisco Pizarro under contract
fought and conquered Peru. This man
gave to Spain a territory which extend
ed through thirty-nine degrees of lati
tude and included all of those countries
now known as Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia
and Chile. Every day of Pizarro's ad
venturous life in the west was a day of
warfare, and every main actor in the
drama of the Incas died a violent death.
These possessions poured into the cof
fers of the conquering country a steady
stream of gold and silver. Within fifty
years the Spanish navigators made of
Spain the greatest empire the world
had ever known. The Atlantic and
Pacific oceans became Spanish lakes,
and became so through constant wars.
Every foot of this vast western hold
ing, with the exception only of Cuba
and Porto Rico, has been lost by war
or through the direct consequences of
war. Since the dethronement of Fer
dinand VII and enthronement of Jo
seph Bonaparte revolutions have cost
Spain nearly all of her transatlantic
colonies. Peru, Bolivia, Chile and Ecua
dor .went in 1524. Venezuela went in
1823. Mexico achieved independence
in 1829, and the isthmian republics in
1823.
In 1519 the Frankfort Diet gave the
crown of Germany to Charles V, who
was a Hapsburg, and Spain leaped at
once into prominence and power in the
wide field of European politics. For
eighty years it dominated the nations
of Europe, always at war and always
ruling, when it ruled, with an iron
hand. At that time facing each other
were four of the greatest Kings of his
tory. They were Charles V of Spain,
Francis I of France, Henry VIII of
England and Solyman the Magnificent.
The ablest of them was Charles. Dur
ing all of his reign his people had small
breathing time between his wars. For
thirty years he wns engaged in what
are called the Italian wars. He was
really behind the Constable de Bour
bon's sacking of Rome in ir>27, because
Pope Clement had absolved Francis
from a truce, and that merry monarch
had immediately begun fighting again.
In the eight years between 1827 and
1635 he had his usual war with Francis,
a war with the Florentines, assailed
the Barbary pirates and captured
Tunis. In 1636 he invaded Provence,
and in that year whipped the rebellious
burghers of Ghent. He had an African
war in 1541, and another war with
France from 1542 to 1544. In 1543 he be
gan his savage attacks on Protestant
ism. In 154" he took Maurice of Saxony
prisoner, and fought him again in 1552.
He followed this with one more war
with his old foeman of France. At this
time Spain was mistress of Mexico,
Peru. Franche Comte, the Netherlands,
Naples, parts of Germany and a dozen
of other principalities. During his
reign Charles rolled back the Turks
from Europe, fought for Christians in
Tunis and Algiers, had traveled over
Italy. France, England, Germany and
Flanders forty times in war and peace.
He had fought every one who disagreed
with him on any subject, and when he
resigned his crown to Philip and re
tired to a monastery, was the most po
tent and dreaded monarch of his day.
Philip, who came to the throne when
29 years old, fought the Pope: fought
France; fought long wars with the
Protestant Netherlands; fought the Turk
viciously; made one of the Holy
League which fought the great sea
fight of Ufepanto. which forever chat
tered the Turkish dream of an empire
in Africa, and in which Cervantes, a
private soldier, lost the use of his left
hand; fought Henry of Navarre; main
tained a perpetual sea war with Eng
land after the accession of Elizabeth.
He sent the invincible armada in 1588,
and of the 30.000 men who manned his
ships only 10,000 returned. He sent
another armada in 1596-97. Mexico was
coined into ducats for these wars —
English. French and Dutch. Philip
was royally Spanish or Spanishly royal.
He lived and breathed murder. He at
tempted to assassinate Elizabeth, Hen
ry of Navarre and John of Olden-Barn
eveld, the. great burgher, and he did
assassinate Egmont, Hoorne, William
the Silent; Don Carlos, at that time his
only son; his illegitimate son, Don
Juan; millions by one edict in the
Netherlands, and his private secretary,
Escovedo, who knew too much. For
many years of i'hilip's reign the skull
of the Chief Justice of Aragon adorned
a Spanish market place. Here is what
he governed: Peru, Mexico. Brazil, the
Antilles, seventeen Netherland prov
inces, twelve kingdoms of Spain and
Portugal, the two Sicilies, Milan, parts
of Tuscany, Barbary, Guinea, the Afri
can coast southwest, the Indian Sea
peninsulas and archipelagoes, the Phil
ippine and Malucca islands, the Grand
Duchy of Florence and the Republic of
Geneva. He was titular King of Eng
land, through his manage with Mary,
and a claimant to the throne of France
through his daughter.
Under Philip HI, Philip IV and
Charles II the great empire rapidly re
rograded. Under Philip 111 there were
thirty years of war. Philip IV reigned
forty-four years, which were of almost
uninterrupted war with the Nether
lands, Italy and France under Riche
lieu. Philip V, who was a Bourbon,
and Ferdinand VI were comparatively
quiescent. Charles 111 was guilty of
two foolish wars with England, in both
of which he was worsted. In the Span
ish war with England in 1762 the Eng
lish took Havana, with $15,000,000 in
plunder, and also Trinidad and Manila.
Spain bought them back with Florida.
In 1795 Spain warred with France, a
war which was ended by disgraceful
concessions of Spanish territory. In
1797, Spain then being once more em
broiled with England, the battle of St.
Vincent was fought. It resulted in the
practical annihilation of the Spanish
marine. This was followed by her
lengthy troubles with France under
Napoleon, in all of which she lost
strength and prestige. Finally came the
successful revolutions of her American
dependencies and the civil wars of Don
Carlos. Spain to-day, after four cen
turies of steady warfare, has but little
more territory than was hers when
Aragon and Castile joined hands, but
Spanish steel has flashed in all lands,
and the Spanish gentleman adventurer
has graven his name deep into the ages
— H. S. Canfield in Chicago Times-
Herald.TERRILL-MARTIN
RACE AT
ELMHURST TO-DAY
The great Terrill-Mnrtin match race
takes place i his afternoon at Elmhurst,
near San Leandro, on a C. A. C. C. track
and under an L. A. W. sanction, a seem
in:r paradox, bui explainable by the fact
that Martin has just arrived here from
Australia and doea not want to lose his
Standing with the L. A. W. when he goes
East by riding under the C. A. C. C.
lure, and that "Bob" Terrill. owing to
his having been In the East and Europe
when the C. A. C. C. took control of
racing last year on this coast, has never
had an opportunity to "flop" since his
rt-turn.
The race is to be for five miles, starting
from opposite sides of the track, un
paced. This is- Martin's own game, and
it remains to be seen whether the local
champion, Tenill, will beat him at it.
There has been considerable wagering on
the result, and the Bay City Wheelmen,
Tt-rriU's club, are ready to back him "off
the boards." '
The race takes place at 3 o clock, and
the San Francisco delegation will go over
en the 2 o'clock broad-gauge boat and
local train to Fruitvale.
In connection with the Martln-Terrtll
match to-day, there will be a two-mile
professional handicap, with the follow
ing Btarters: Hardy Downing, scratch;
G H. Crafts. 20 yards; Charles A. Kraft.
6ft V J Qailndo, 85; C. J. Birdsall. 110;
c i".. (."Senator*) Dixon. luO; J. T.
Haves "" 1
The departure of Harry Terrill for the
m racing field, as told exclusively
in The Call Wednesday, was a big sur
prise to local wheelmen, as it was ex
pected that Terrill would finally decide
to remain here, as he has been trotting
around so much of late. But the recent
profit able trip he made to Honolulu In
duced Harry to become migratory again.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen of Oak
land will hold a ten-mile handicap road
race over the triangle to-morrow morn
ing at 11 o'clock. The following are the
entries and handicaps, quite an Imposing
list for a club road race nowadays: H. ,
M Platt. 7 minutes; J. Jellet. W. Robin- ,
son C. R. Griffith, 5; W. Martin. T. Hay
sel.i.-n. 4:10; V. Ltgda, G. Frank (..
Holmes. R. T. Robertson, 4; P. Hay
uelden, W. Arp. F. Hoag. 8:30; F. Cox
head, G. Cramer, 8; H. N. Mosher. A al- j
entine, C. J. Vogel, 2:»; C. Bullock, A.
Brogi, 2; P. Jurgwetz, W. Bacon. 1; A. |
P. Deacon. George A. Wyman, P. PI. ,
beim, s.ratoh.
Some of the Eastern associated cycling
Clubs have a by-law that the California
association mitfht adopt to lend added
interest to its proceedings. At the an- ;
nual election of president, secretary and j
such officers they also elect a referee,
handicapper, starter, chief marshal.
judges and timers for races held under
the auspices of the association. As some >
of these are lucrative positions, there is j
rally a contest for their retention. |
the men are paid by meet promoters |
and r"U'l race promoters so a-s to warrant i
th'-ir attendance.
Arthur M. Boyden. the well-known Re
ltance professional, is in the city on a
visit trom his present home at Marys
vlll.-. Hoyden takes a good deal of ln
terest In the Terrill-Martln race to-day,
and came down principally to witness it.
Tho Imperial Cycling Club will hold a
ten-mile try-out to select its relay riders I
on Bunday, the 17th. The Bay City
Wheelmen will hold a similar race the I
Bame day, and both will be over the San
ro triangle.
Cycler Martin lias not yet received an
|>tance of his sweeping challenge to
ri'ie any professional on the coast a five
mile pursuit race, as published in The i
Call last Wednesday. His proposed match j
with McFarland is off, and he will go j
East next week if no one else takes him j
up.
The touring committee of the C. A. C. j
C. is fast completing its arrangements
for personally conducted tours under the :
espionage of C. N. Ravlin, Herbert D. >
»";;rk and Byron D. Bent, which will;
take place commencing early next '
month.
Entry blanks are out for the annual 100- j
mile relay race uf the < '. A. C. C, to be
held on Sui.'lay. May 8. Entries close
May 4. Clubs desiring to name some of
the judges and timers on the different '
relay stations will be required to send in
the "names of their selections at once. '
The rules for the race this year are
about the same as for the previous
events of this nature, and the route \
around the bay is practically unchanged, j
As the tournament of the Cycle Clubs' '
Baseball League draws to a close, the j
contests are attracting a great deal of
interest, and are being well attended in
spite of the counter attractions at i
Recreation and Central parks. The ex- !
ecutive committee has decided that the
protested game of last Sunday between
the Olympic Cyclers and Olympic Wheel
man must be played over. The Olympic '
"Wh'-olmen must also meet one of the San i
Jose clubs again. To-morrow's games are :
bctw^on the Bay City Wheelmen and I
Garden City Wheelmen, Turn Verein
Cyclers vs. Encinal Cyclers and San i
Francisco Road Club vs. Olympic
Cyclers. The latter game will be played |
(it the Velodrome grounds at 11 o'clock. |
The time and place for the other two
have not yet been scheduled by the over
worked secretary.
There will he a two-mile handicap for j
amateur riders living in Alameda County.
to-morrow afternoon at Elmhurst. The
•ntries and handicaps are as follows:
First heat— George A. Wyman. Reliance.
•cratch; P. N. Rosenhftim, Reliance, 40;
yards: E. J. Smith, Acme. 60: A. T. j
Smith. Encinal, 75; George Farris, Acme, i
100: F. Coxhead, Reliance. 225. Second |
heat — A. P. Deacon, Reliance, scratch; i
\\\ .S. Bacon, Reliance, 50 yards; M.
G. Curtis, Encinal. 7,"); L. A. Burke.
Acme, 80; J. G. Hurley, E. C, 100; J.
Morehouse, Acme, 125; C. Vogel. 250.
The Acme Club Wheelmen desire a re
turn match with the Reliance Club, the
conditions to be the same as the pur
suit race won by the latter, but the Re
liance team would rather meet a team
from some other club, and Is open to a
proposition. Address Captain A. P.
Deacon. Reliance Club, Oakland.
Tho great amateur tandem handicap
will take place at the Elmhurst track
April 17. Entries should be forwarded to
Manager Fawcett at once.
E. A. Rozio of the Imperial Cycling
Club has challenged J. E. Wing, Olympic,
to a five-mile pursuit race. Wing already
has the scalps of George Wyman anil
"Bune" Smith at his belt, taken at this
vary game, and the meeting between him
and "Boozy" would bo exciting. Wing is
matched to meet Deacon, Reliance Club,
on Sunday, the 24th, at Elmhurst. In the
Wing-Smith race last Sunday Winj,- s
timo from two miles up to the ten is
better than the existing records, there
fore he attached a nice string to his list.
The best previous times for the five and
ten miles were as follows: Five miles
C. M. Murphy, San Jose, November, 1895.
11:01 1-5. Ten miles— Ulbricht, Los An
geles, May. 1895, 24:32. Wing's time by
mile*— B:l2 2-5. 2:02. 2:05, 2:07, 2:14 216 3-5
2:16 1-5. 2:24 3-5, 2:20, 2:13, making the
•1 time 2:12 2-5. 4:14 2-5. fi:l9 2-5.
;.10:46; .10:46 2-5, 12:57, 15:13 1-5, 17:37 4-5,
The Encinal Cyclers of Alameda will
noid a, live-mile handicap road race on
Sunday, the 24th, from San Leandro to
Haywards.
H. W. SPALDING.
HANDBALL IS NOW
PLAYED BY MANY
An Invitation will be sent to the two
Champion handball players of Denver,
Col., who defeated Casey and Dunne re
cently, best three frames In five, to visit
this city Phil Ryan of the San Francisco
Handball Court, will offer good induce
ments to the mountain players if thov
oha jc i" rney to thls city and P lay our
The following games will be played to
rour° W '" th ° " oward street Handball
Kelly and J. Drown.
t L i and E. If. Donoiifch vs.
J. K. Bookman and D. J. Sheehan
t J>,AXhitoJ >, A X hito and E - Toy vs - p - Murphy and
J. Collins.
M Dillon and P. Hutchlnson vs. G.
Hutchinson and A. Pennoyer
J. DowinK and M. Maßuire vs. E. Cur
ley and J. Lawless. -.
-.: Rlc ""dan and E. Maloney vs. M J
KllKallon and P. Donnelly.
J. C. Xoalon and R. Linehan vs T P
.Bonnet and A. Hampton.
An exhibition game of handball will be
played to-morrow at the Occidental
Court between Hassell and ColllnH, who
win meet Louie Kenney, an expert
A double tournament will be held next
month, the wlnnera of which will receive
a Bliver tup.
The Field of Sport .
DOLPHIN CLUB
REGATTA
AT NORTH BEACH.
To-morrow the Dolpnin Swimming and
Boating Club will inaugurate the rowing
season for 1898 by a club rega.ta and la
dies' day. Preparations for the event
have been in progress during the past
two weeks, and every effort will »-c made
to hold an auspicious opening.
Thf programme will consist of five
events— a skilT race for the A. B. Tread
well diamond medal for the junior oars
men: a quarter mile swimming match be
tween E. H. Coney and Joseph Earls;
a 100 yard swimming race between E.
James Bartman and Victor Cagliera for
the club championship; a barge race be
tween the Turn Verein crew of the Arial
Boat Club and Dolphin junior crew, com
posed of E. J. Bartman. stroke; T. J.
Hopkins, afterwaist; T. J. Kennedy, for
wardwaist, and W. O. Patch, bow. with
Adam Schuppert, cockswain. To con
clude with the main event of the day—
the deciding race between Alec Pape and
W. O. Patch, rivals for me club dia
mond medal in the senior skiff event.
This may be an Interesting race. Pape
won the medal twice, while Patch be
came possessed of it by a fluke, his op
ponent having upset when 200 yards in
the lead and within easy of the
linish stake.
The latter, however, has had a long
rest and will be prepared to match his
skill and science with the sculls against
Pape's superior strength and physical ad-
vantages.
In the race for the A. B. Treadwell dia
mond medal the following will enter:
Captain T. J. Kennedy. T. J. *ins. T.
R. Keenan, A. W. Shiolds, E. J. Bartman
and A. H. Pane. -ne latter is likely to
be the dark horse, as he has been train
ing under the care of his brother .ilex,
and already shows signs Oi being a com
ing man.
On the 17th of this month me popular
organization will hold its twentieth an
nual picnic and excursion at Mirabel
Park, the- proceeds of which will be used
in purchasing a new Facing barge.
Captain Kennedy is now selecting his
men for the Decoration day regatta.
Tho South Ends will hold their club re
gattta on Sunday. May 11 and from pres
ent Indications it promises to be a grand
success.
Joe Lyon's senior crew will row Matt
Breen's crew for a French dinner on that
day, and a Junior crew composed of Wil
liam Barry, stroke; Charles Jenkins, aft
erwaist; Emll Blumheim, forwardwalst,
and Will Fox. bow. will row against
Hugh Mclsaac. T. I. Fltzpatrlck, Charles
Creighton and William Mead. An effort
will be made to organize a second junior
crew.
"Pop" Foley and Len Hausler will meet
in a single shell race. Al r'Tltz v ■ row
a hundred yard spurt in skiffs with Frank
Duplissea.
William Lynn of Stockton, who won
the Junior shell championship in 1896. was
the guest of the Soutn Ends last Sunday.
Mr. Lvnn • ''- to enter the senior
shell championship this year.
Sunday. May S. has been set for the
South Ends" picnic and excursion to
Mirabel Park. Chairman Fitzpatrlck and
the following members are working hard
to make it a success: John D. Mahoney.
Edward Shortall. Matt J. Breen. Joseph
O'Dea. A. J. Mellitz. James P. Foley. A.
J. Fritz. Joseph Foley. J. J. McCarthy,
Joseph Lyons, James Feehan and Alex
McGeorge.
Gus Carson of the "Mingot" crew was
out last Sunday and showed up in good
form. Gus would like to row in the sin
gles this year.
Manager Hayden of El Campn has
throe regattas in contemplation for this
season. He hopes to hold the first in the
early part of June, to consist of barge
racing only. In August following he ox
pects to arrange a regattta for singles
and shells, nnd concluding the sorios with
a championship regattta, in which all
will compete.
Interest in boating Is on the increase
PROMINENT OARSMEN OF THE DOLPHIN SWIMMING AND BOATING CLUB,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
among the Ariels, and the club hopes to
turn out some worthy representatives
this season. To-morrow a great many of
the members will accept the Dolphin's
invitation and row to their boathouse and
witness the regattta.
ARRANGING FOR THE
MAY BENCH SHOW.
The San Francisco Kennel Club has is
sued its list of officers and committees.
The principal ones are as follows: Di
rectors. A. B. Spreckels, president; J. E.
de Ruyter, first vice-president; H. J.
Crocker, second vice-president; F. W.
Tallant, treasurer; H. H. Carl ton, sec
retary; Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, J. G. Barker,
E. V. Sullivan. Committees: Bench
show— H. J. Crocker, W. C. Brown, Dr.
d'Evelyn, H. H. Carlton, E. V. Sullivan
(secretary); specials— H. J. Crocker, J. E.
do Ruyter, W. S. Kittle. N. J. Stewart,
R. J. Oxnard, John Berger; judges— N. J.
Stewart, H. H. Carlton. J. G. Barker, J.
Berger, Dr. d'Evelyn; guarantee fund— A.
B. Spreckels. H. J. Crocker. J. E. de
Ruyter, E. V. Sullivan, W. S. Kittle, F.
W. Tallant.
The club met on Thursday evening 1 , and
it was resolved to devote 75 per cent of
the net profits to me charitable institu
tions of San Francisco, Including the
Protestant, Catholic and Hebrew Orphan
asylums and the Associated Charities.
There can be no doubt that the show will
! be well patronized, for the charitable
proclivities of the San Franciscans are
proverbial. The following famous con
| noisseurs of the canine race were se
lectiMi to judge the exhibits, and their
1 names are suniclent guarantee that the
awards will be ably and impartially be
stowed: J. Kurrell for collies; J. Bull,
j the noted greyhound fancier, for his
Bpeclalty, and tor au other breeds George
Bell oi Chicago, who stands second to
! none a* an all-round Judge of dogs, and
who is as well and favorably known in
England and Canada as in the United
, States, where his name is a household
word among dog breeders.
The office of the club has been opened at
224 Montgomery street, and ever-popular
"Dave" Sinclair is m Chicago, as hereto
fore. The premium lists will be pub
lished next week.
The proprietors of the Verona kennels
have definitely decided that their im
ported collies. Old Hall Admiral and
Heather Mint, shall hereafter be benched
"for exhibition only." Champion St.
Clare Laddie is to be withdrawn from
the kennel altogether, and wi.i resume
his former place as Mrs. Hearst's house
hold companion. Mrs. B. Bryan's Queen
Oiga, winner of llrst novice in great
danes at San jose. is to make the Cali
fornia circuit. Great things are expected
of this promising bitch, but time will
show. Mr. Hii'kman's fox-terrier, Count
Othonar. winner ot the first puppy at
San Jose, has been placed in Bradshaw's
■ hands. The "Reefer" ears are plainly in
evidence in this otherwise splendid young
! animal.
The splendidly groomed appearance of
the San Benlto collies at San Jose earned
much admiration for Norman J. Stew
art's exhibit. He, liKe all others had to
give way to the all-conquering Veronas,
but he came in a good second. Far from
being discouraged, Mr. Stewart claims
that there are as good collies in Scotland
as have ever come out of there, and he
Intends trying his luck In importing. Mr.
Stewart deserves special mention for the
unwearying courtesy extended by hhn to
the representatives of the press.
The San Jose show has resulted well
financially for its promoters. The Call
congratulates the combined clubs on a
well-merited success. The April meeting
of the "rebel" Pacific Mastiff Club takes
place on Saturday evening. The further
action of the club in the matter of seces
sion is awaited with much interest by
local fanciers. The harmony in its ranks
is not altogether perfect.
G. A. Mudgett of the Alameda County
Kennel Club says that he, and not T. H
Browne, Is the owner of the St. Bernard
bitch Princess Rachel (La Prince-Judith's
Rachel), which arrived here recently from
the East.
ABOUT YACHTING
AND THE
VARIOUS CLUBS.
The programmes of the San Francisco
Yacht Club for the coming season are in
print and the invitations for the opening
day have been distributed. The house
committee, consisting of Fleet Captain
Dr. A. W. McKenzie. Secretary Charles
B. Hill and Financial Secretary W. G.
Morrow, has nearly completed the ar
rangements for the reception and dance
at the clubhouse on Saturday, April 23.
The regatta committee, consisting of
Vice-Commodore George T. S. White,
Treasurer R. B. Hogue and Measurer J.
K. Punnett, has charge of the sports and
small-boat regatta to be held on Sunday,
the 24th. Financial Secretary W. G. Mor
row is expected to reach San Francisco
from the East in a few days.
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill, with some
difficulty and after missing the tide owing
to non-arrival of the launch to take him
in tow, got his flagship Cygnus out of the
Corte Madera Creek last Sunday. She is
now at her moorings off the San Fran
cisco Club house. Vice-Commodore Q. T.
S. White's sloop Will o" the Wisp is ready
for the season, and will get under way
on Sunday.
l&essrs. Huckley and Kanzee, who have
for so long been enthusiastic launchnion,
art* about to become yachtsmen. Menotti
is to build a yawl for them, to be ready
in about lour months. R. li. Hogue,
treasurer of the San Francisco Yacht
Club, for several seasons one of the lead
ing players of the Alameda Cricket Club,
is desirous of becoming a yacht-owner.
On Tuesday last he paid a visit to Tib
uron and looked over T. F. Tracy's sloop
Secret.
It now seems that the projectors of the
proposed pleasure resort at North Sau
salito will build a. little higher up toward
Kichardsons Bay. so that Menotti's boat
building yard will not be disturbed, and it
will not become necessary to lind a new
site for the "ways" of the San Francisco
Yacht Club. It is reported that Hewson,
a ship-builder, is thinking of opening a
yard in Sausallto.
It is now some years since the enameled
flags of the San Francisco Yacht Club,
worn by the members as scarfpins or aa
badges on the lapel of the waistcoat,
were made. Now a downtown jeweler has
undertaken to manufacture a supply of
them as soon ns he receives a reasonable
number of orders.
The following are the officers of the
Pacific Yacht Club for IS9S: President, J.
H. Dickinson; vice-president, William
Cunningham; commodore, E. A.
Wlltsee; vice-commodore, Martin R.
Roberts Jr.; rear-commodore, J. F.
Connelly; port captain, J. H. Dickinson;
secretary, J. D. Maxwell: assistant sec
retary, T. E. Jones; tmusurer, C. O.
Perry; measurer, Alexander Swanson;
directors— Herbert E. Law, J. H. Dickin
son, William Cunningham, E. A. Wiltsee,
J. T. Dare, F. Hohwiesner and Charles F.
Crocker.
The sloop Sappho, owned by Herbert E.
Uw, commodore of the Pacific Yacht
Club last season, has been sold to Lewis
Q. Haven, who has become a member of
the San Francisco Yacht Club. Ex-Com
modore Herbert E. Law will build a new
yacht, to be rigged as a schooner.
The following programme of events "for
the Pacific Yacht Club was prepared be
fore George S. Andres, the seller of La
Paloma, resigned the commodoreship of
the club, but there is no reason to sup
pose that his successor. Commodore E.
A. Wlltsee, will seriously disturb it:
May 7, opening day, race of flfteen
footen for Law cup; May 8, cruise In
squadron under signal from the commo
dore; May 14, cruise to Vallejo; May 15,
return; May 21. cruise to McNears Land
ing: May 22, return; May 28. open: May 29,
cruise to Oakland to witness California
Yacht Club regatta; May 30, cruise in the
channel to witness Corinthian Yacht Club
regatta; June 4, cruise to Martinez; June
5, return; June 11, cruise to Quarry Cove;
June 12, cruise in squadron under signal
from the commouore; June 18, open; June
IS), race of fifte«n-footers; June 25, cruise
to Paradise Cove; June 26, cruise outside
the heads; July 2. 3 and i, open, special
orders; July 9, open; July 10. race of fif
teen-footers; July 16, cruise to Dillons
Point; July 17, return; July 23, cruise to
Lighthouse Cove; Juiy 24, cruise in
squadron in Upper Bay; July 30, annual
upriver cruise, yachts not going on the
cruise accompany fleet to Vallejo; July
31, escorting yachts return; August 6,
cruise to Vallejo to meet fleet on return
from upriver cruise; August 7, return;
August 13, cruise to McNears Landing;
August 14, return: August 20. open; Au
gust 21, race of fifteen-footers; August 27,
cruise to Martinez; August 28, return;
September 3, cruise to Quarry Cove; Sep
tember 4, return; September 5, Labor day,
open; September 9, open; September 10,
cruise to Paradise Cove; September 11,
return; September 17. cruise to Vallejo;
September 18, return; September 24, open;
September 25, race of fifteen-footers; Oc
tober 1, cruise to McNears Landing; Oc
tober 2, return; October 8, cruise to Quar
ry Cove; October 9, return; October 15,
closing day; October IG, cruise in squad-
ron.
Plenty of work is being done at Tlb
uron on the boats of the Corintnlan fleet,
many of which will be got ready during
the next two weeks, and will attend the
opening of the San Francisco Yacht Club
on April 23 and 24. Last Sunday Joe Mat
toon's sloop Amlgo came down from Ben
lcla, where she has been lying all winter,
to her moorings at Tiburon. The yawl
Arcturus is expected to come off Frank
Stone's "ways" at Tiburon in a day or
two. The Aeolus will then take her place.
The Freda and Ella are on Stone's
"ways" at Hunters Point. The new suit
of sails for ex-Commodore J. W. Pew's
Truant hfis .arrived, and the Truant will
be put on the "ways" in about a week's
time.
Last year the Corinthians, represented
by the Aeolus, won from the Encinal
Yacht Club the perpetual challenge cup
offered by the San Franciscos. Up to the
present time no challenge for the cup has
been received.
E. B. Lathrop, secretary of the Corin
thians, has had a long- spoil of ill-health,
but it is sincerely hoped by his friends
that he will be able very shortly to re
sume business at the old stand.
The debt of the Encinal Yacht Club
has recently been taken up by several of
its members, who have accepted the
club's notes. The club is now entirely
free of debt to outside parties. The new
directors are displaying much energy, and
are stirring up the club from the lethargic
condition into which the old board had
permitted it to fall. There is a marked
Increase in the club's receipts, and a
considerable number of new members is
expected. Several new electric lights
have been put into the clubhouse, and
the swimming facilities have been In
creased by the addition of a trapeze and a
new chute. Last Saturday evening a pri
vate party was given at the clubhouse,
which was prettily decorated and hun?
with Japanese lanterns. Many or the
guests were from Oakland or San Fran
cisco. Next morning the visitors were
taken out for a trip on the bay in a gaso
line launch, which hud two or three
whltehalls In tow.
On April 16, as already announced, the
California Yacht Club opens. There will
be a low jinks in the evening at the club
house, and the first sail ( n f>quadron of
the. season will take place nex: clay. A.
M. Clay's sloop Sea Fox and some others
are ready. Admiral E. A. yon Schmidt's
Whirlwind will be on hand on the open-
Ing day, but may not be much seen dur
ing the season, as the admiral has in
terests in Alaska that may draw him
away.
The California Yacht Club's "ways" are
not available for use at present, having
been badly strained last season, when
the Thelma was upon them; but they will
probably be rebuilt during the summer.
At present boats are hauled out on the
sandsplt.
The new sloop Occident, owned by
Messrs. Hager and Miller of West Oak
land, will be launched before the end of
the month. She is a handsome boat of
the overhang type, forty-one feet over
all. with plenty of outside ballast to give
her stability. She is expected to prove a
fast boat.
COLLEGE MEN ARE
PREPARED
TO CROSS STICKS.
Since the awful defeat that Stanford
kindly bestowed upon California on the
gridiron last November the two ooltegM
have not met in athletic combat. To-day
the truce will be broken, and the blue
and gold and the cardinal will struggle
on the Eighth and Harrison streets dia
mond in the initial game of a series of
three. For four months the baseball men
of both universities have been training
for this event, and now they are ripe for
the encounter. Sheehan at Palo Alto and
Cochran at Berkeley are non-committal
about the chances of their teams for vic
tory. Each displays a wise reserve, tinct
ured with a great heap of hope.
In fact, the teams are pretty evenly
matched. Neither nine has any great ad
vantage over the other in regard to bat
teries. In Kaarsberg California has per
haps better pitcher, but he is by no
means phenomenal. His judgment is
good, and more than that he exercises It
un the field. Beckett, the Stanford twirl
er. has always shown to better alvantage
in inconsequential games than in the in
tercollegiate matches. Stanford's other
twirk-r, L.annigiin, has been developed
this year and is both unsteady and er
ratic. As to the Held work, the general
impression is that California handles it
self in much cleaner fashion than its
rival. The distinct advantage that Stan
lord has over California is in the hitting
I abilities of the team. Last season, the
blue and gold seni a nine out to victory
whose chief distinction rested upon a
certain skill with the stick, which meant
a piling up of run after run in rapid
style. But this is now a dream of the
past. The present aggregation of base
ball men at Berkeley are not even ordi
nary batters. A week ago in a game with
the alumni, Toby Allen in the box. Cali
fornia merely secured a few scattered
hits. On the other hand, the cardinal has
a team of big men with better records in
stick work than the Callfornians. How
ever, the strength in ohe part is offset "toy
weakness in another, the result being a
balance of forces.
The game will take place at 3 o'clock
at the Eighth and Harrison streets
Recreation grounds. The teams will line
i up in the following positions:
California. Position. Stanford.
Mem Catcher Strohn
Kaarsberg Pitcher Beckett or
Lannigan
Bride First base \oung
McLaren Second base Harris
Baer Third base Klauber
McCabe Short stop Lougheed
Chesebrough Left field Murphy
Hoag Center field Wight
Collins Right field Edwards
Two weeks from to-day the much
awaited field day will take place at the
Olympic Club grounds. California is
training steadily for this day, which prom
ises to be iconoclastic as far as records
are concerned. The performances of the
Berkeley athletes on the college cinder
path last Saturday presage some great
athletic sport when the rival universities
meet in dual combat on a neutral field.
; ♦
ANGLERS RETURNED
WITH EMPTY CREELS
Anglers wore as thick on Paper Mill and
Lagunitus creeks last Sunday as flies on
a sugar cask, and as predicted in The
Call the majority of them returned with
comparatively empty creels.
Trout are not so foolish as a majority
of the first-day-of-the-season fishermen
suppose. The stream waders soon discov
ered that on Sunday last and many of the
disgusted ones quit the sport early' in the
day. Among the experienced whippers of
fly and spoon the following "gentle ar
tists" returned home with tolerably nice
baskets of trout: L. H. Bookman, J. Pel
tier and wife, F. Muller, H. Stoll, J. Watt,
W. Miller, Sydney Hall, J. B. Halstead, L.
V. Merle, E. Baity and wife, J. Gibbs, E.
Breidenstine, Charles Rosenberg, Howard
C. Greene, Charles S. Darling, T. Murphy
and William Simpson.
On Saturday, April 2, some very nice
fish were taken from the creek, but on
the following day they were scared so
badly by the advance army of one-day-in
tho-year fishermen that doubtless many a
nice trout left the stream instanter for old
ocean.
At Point Reyes some nice trout were
taken in tide water, but the big steel
heads played peek-a-boo with the strong
arm and heavy pole bait casters. Fifty
large tlsh were seen on Sunday morning
basking in the sun in the White .touse
pool, and not one of them would be April
tooled. When Frank Dolliver, the expert,
gave up the task in disgust, then the
prospects were decidedly poor for those
who hoped in vain ft) land a ten pounder.
Patsy Dugan was the only man among
the steelheaders who hooked anything
with life In it. Patsy was makinn- a long
spoon cant for a "whopper," when his
back line fouled a large Newfoundland
dog that was watching the patient disci
ples from a road just over the White
House pool. The spoon hooks soon get
the dog on the move, and Patsy's reel
sang the merriest song imaginable. The
angler followed, but the dog never
stopped an instant, and It is hard to say
if he has quit running vet. Dugan lost
his entire outfit, but when "joshed" by
his companions he remarked that if he
had been successful in landing the dog it
would have been the first dog fish cap
tured on hook and line at Point Reyes.
F. Marcus, J. Lawrence, J. Butler, J.
Mallon, H. Terry and C. Mldleton enjoyed
a beautiful outing last Sunday to Ukfah.
They did not catch majiy fish, but what
they lost in scales they made up for in
a most pleasant ride to and from Ukiah.
It is said the Los Gatos Creek contains
very few fish this year.
GUN CLUBS WILL
SHOOT TO-MORROW
The Empire Gun Club, which is one of
the nourishing organizations of this city,
■will give magnificent prizes to the win
ners of the shoot which will be held to
morrow at the Alameda Point grounds.
In connection with the club shoots dur
ing the season there will be twenty-bird
matches and class shooting over the
Magau trap, and open to amateurs. The
prize is a hammerless gun valued at $50.
The Olympic Gun Club will meet at its
shoot at live birds.
The South End Gun Club will smash
clays at Colma on the same day.
COURSING IS NOW
A GREAT
OUTDOOR SPORT.
Lovers of good coursing should not fail
to be present at Union and Ingleside
parks to-day, as the fastest dogs in the
State are entered to chase fur at both
parks and particular attention has been
devoted during the week to the weeding
out of poor hares. With good dogs, good
hares, good judging and good slipping,
then coursing is truly a sport of kings.
The men who make the game of cours
ing are fast bringing it to a plane previ
ously unheard of in the United States,
and rivaling that of England. At a meet
ing of the Ingleside Coursing Club last
Sunday evening, President Shannon in the
chair, a decided innovation in the sport
was proposed.
It had been conceded that a special
stake for hounds of exceptional quality
would conduce to a further elevation of
the pastime. But it was not deemed that
a segregation of the winners of any num
ber of events into a class by themselves
was advisable for the reason that before
such a class could attain respectable size
the first performers relegated thereto
would have passed beyond the age of
good work. Besides, the exclusion of the
high-class stock from the ordinary events
would detract from the incentive to prop
agate such stock, the motto being breed
and weed. Consequently the matter was
taken up on other lines, and a new class
established, to be known as the Ingleside
open champion challenge class.
The initial stake n the new class will
be run off at Ingleside on the rirst of
next month, and that the desired result 3
will be accomplished is assured. In th*
first place it will be cpen to all dogs and
owners, whether the latter be members
of the club or not, and irrespective of tht
dog's winnings, thus barring no one. The
entrance fee will be $10, and tIM event will
embrace twenty-four nominations, which,
with the added money, will bring the
stake well above $800. The added en
trance money will insure the nomination
of tried performers, and their quality will
be further assured by the method of run
ning.
Tin- championship event will be a se
ries of courses in bests. TIM <lo^s, ss us
uai. will be drawn and run in pairs. But
before a winner can send his opponent
finally to h.s kennels he must serve two
Hags out of three.
The leashmen are enthusiastic in their
commendation of the Innovation. They
aver that it not only means a vastly big
ger money to the winners, but that it
will give each dog the fairest test pos-
Blble in a park. Moreover it in n.. way in
terferes with the ordinary events. In
fact, the usual monthly puppy stake will
also be run on the day of its adoption
and for the usual liberal purs.-s.
The coursing this week is for big money
•at both parks. At Ingleside an open
stakt- t-mbraclng forty-eight dogs will be
run down this afternoon, and immediately
thereafter a consolation stake will be
drawn, to be run off in conjunction with
the ties of the chief event to-morrow.
At Union Park there are two stakes on
the card, an all-age open event and a
puppy stake. The all-age contest shows
an entry of forty-eight flyers and the
youngsters will go to the slips sixteen
strcng.
A long-odds book will be opened to-day
at Ingleside. Susie, Connemar.i and Pa
trla will probably be the ruling favorite*.
Curtis has two candidates at Union
Park this week, but he will hard*? pull
out with the success of last week.
Nelthe:- Chartist nor Commodore is of
the same quality as Rosette.
J. Dean's Brilliantine was bred this
week to the famous Koyal Crest.
The same owner's Hazel Glen was also
bred to Skyball.
Deckelman & Panario's pair. Old Glory
and Glen Roy, look to be dangerous fac
tors at Ingleside to-day.
The Bucks are looked upon with most
favor at Union Park this week. Both of
the old breadwinners art- in excellent
shape and will put up some hot work.
For the run-down at Ingieside to-day
throughout the following dogs appear to
have a shade ttte l>est of it: Dakoti Su
si<\ 1> li. Sir Walter, Connemara, Log
Boy, Belle of Moscow, Nelly Conroy, Pa
tria, Lady Napoleon. Magnet, Sinaloa.
Fireball, Bend Along. Thornhill, Old
Glory, Right Bower, Koolawn, Flashlight,
Lady Blanche. Senorita, Signal, Mystic
Maid and Myrtle.
A. Johnson's veteran Lissak, who has
been doing remarkable work at Union
Park lately, was badly chewed up during
the week by another of his kind. John
son purchased Tod Sloan last Sunday,
and is running him to-day at I'nion Park.
Harry Rosenthal makes his initial ap
pearance in the field at Ingleside to-day
with Dr. Norman. Rosenthal is handling
both Dr. Norman and Garden City.
It has become so nearly impossible to
purchase a high-class greyhound outright
that many persons are seeking to obtain
one or two performers on a lea^e. Sev
eral such propositions have lately been
made at both Ingleside and Union parks.
The probable winners to-day at Union
Pcirk are: All-age stake — Alameda. For
get, Tessie Fair. Tod Sloan. Douglass,
Grt-en Valley Maid, Arapahoe, Santa Ale
cia. Chit Chat. Camilla, Sweet Lips, Char
tist, Theron, Magic, Promise Me,, The
Turk. Move On. Lord Byron, Hercules,
White Chief, Eclipse, Rusty Gold, Royal
Buck and Flying Buck.
Puppy stake— Palmer Hill, Royal Oak,
Quiver. Star Pointer, Bonita. Flying Fos
;• i. Minerva and Liberty Bell.
Out of the thirty-two courses of the
run-down last Saturday at Union Cours
ing Park The Call picked twenty-five
winners and on the Saturday previous it
failed in its selections in one course only.
At the Nc ark coursing meeting to
morrow the . illowing dogs will contest:
Alma vs. Do Me, Jeanette vs. Rudolph,
White Nellie vs. L. S. Conley. Klondike vs.
Growler, Speed vs. Dottie Dimple, Rubber
Neck vs. Lady Owens, Three Aces vs.
Lady Newark, Menlo vs. Last Chance,
Falk's Best vs. Young Dempsey, Chill
more vs. Jennie Dean, May W vs. Major.
TENNIS CHAMPIONS
ON SOUTHERN COURTS.
Tennis players are now looking toward
the south for the scene of battle. On
Friday next a tournament will be in
stalled on the courts of Ojai Valley Ten
nis Club, which for the wealth of first
class tennis material already entered has
never been equaled on this coast. It will
be a battle of the north against the south
and the flower of both sections will be
there to fight for their standards. Strange
to say, the southern champions have ig
nored the annual meets ai San Rafael,
where the coast championship tourna
ment is held yearly. Now for the first
time the representative players of both
north and south will cross rackets in ac
tual combat.
The reputation of the north on the
courts will be upheld by the Hardy and
the Whitney brothers, the four topmost
players on the coast at present. The
south will have as its standard bearers
W. J. Cravens of Yale and other places;
F. Rowan, a tennis adept of southern
education; Picher of Stanford, and some
fourth player to fill the place left vacant
by the declination of Freeman, who wa3
originally selected to make the quartet.
The most likely fourth man is Bumiller,
formerly tennis champion of Stanford
University.
It will be a "Round Robin tourna
ment, in which each player meets every
other one. Then by a siftin" process the
championship match finally works its
way to the surface. This match will be
played on the second day of the tourna
ment and will precede the doubles tour
nament.
At the California Tennis Club grounds
a ladies' doubles tournament, which com
menced early in the week and was com
pleted Wednesday, was won by Misses
Hoffman and Mason. The finals between
the winning team and Misses Bowman
and Hunter were very closely contested.
The singles tournament is not yet con
cluded. Miss Hoffman and Mis? Hunter
are in the finals, and they will play the
match off a week from Monday.
Great Benevolences.
In the large cities of the T'nited States the
condition of the metropolitan poor is constantly
being ameliorated by the grand benevolences o(
wealthy people. Sanitary reforms are fre
quently suggested and carried out with earneet
nesß and Intelligence. Among sanitary reforma
those produced by Hoatetter's Stomach Bitter*
In dyspeptic stomach, disordered liver. boweH
or nerroue §y»t«n wo very oonspiououa.
1516
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuaoce of the Provisiorjs of
Section 8. Article XI, of tfoe Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I-BOUNPARIES. RIGHTS
and liabilities,
articl: ii— legislative depar:-
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE m— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter t— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I-Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter 111-Opening of Streets.
Chapter I\— Sewers and Drainage
Chapter \— Harbors and Wharvea.
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I— Board of Education.
Chapter ll— Schools.
Edu hh f a a P Uon. 111 " PP ° WerS ° f the Board °'
Chapter IV-Superlntendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
Ban Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
toy that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real nnd personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, In fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts iiecessary to
carry out the purposes of such gifts,
bequests and donations. Aith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover: of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of. or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be. had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
Bald defects originally existed, cr
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in any such
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect In the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
in the sewer, and "also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
gence such defect remains unrepaired
Fhall be jointly and severally liable to
the party Injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co ehall be vested in a legislative body,
which fchall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE VH-Contlnued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter II — Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CrVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV-BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI-MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
6hall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelv> hundred dollr-s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for Its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member, be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish Its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Beard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r. 'ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. S. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be pansed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to it!- title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in Its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in Its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, :89S.
[ final passage in the Board and fails to
| pass, and a motion is made to recon
i sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
i tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af- I
ter amendment, be laid over for one j
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement, i
or the granting of any franchise or ]
privilege, or involving the lease, ap- |
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
h: ndred dollars, or levying any tax I
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new |
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If j
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers j
and heads of departments may, with j
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to '
meet the requirements of such neces
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to I
the Mayor containing several items ap- >
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por- j
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign- ■
ing it a statement of the item or item?>
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob- j
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
Shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills :
which have been disapproved by the ;
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage :
unless otherwise provided in such or- j
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board ar.d shall ;
have been duly authenticated, shall be j
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
It he shall sign it and it shall then be- <
come an ordinance. If he disapprove !
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of tho Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill r>r
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vot«
of not less than fourteen members of ;
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill •
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved ny th»
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
Of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration >
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
In the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu- :
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk i
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted in :
the manner hereinbefore set out, and ;
such ordinance shall he presented to I
the Mayor for his approval as herein- !
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap- I
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
most, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup- \
ervteon. All demands for more than two j
hundred dollars shall be presented to the I
Mayor for is approval, in the manner i
hereinbefore provide-! for the passage <
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions |
directing the payment of money other j
than salaries or wages, when the j
amount exceeds five hundred dollars, i
shall be published for five successive |
days (Sundays and legal holidays ex- j
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. ****'ae". r there shall be pre- {
sented to the Board of Election Com- '■
missioners a petition signed by a num- '■■
ber of voters equal to fi!te:n per !
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be ;
set forth in such petition, be subr ..ted
to a vote of th electors o; h^ City md
County, the Board of Election Com- ;
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the electors -it
the next election.
The sigr.tures to the petition need j
not all be appended to one paper, but ,
each signer shall add to his signature i
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of !
each such paper shall i ake oath be- i
fore an officer competent to admin, tter !
oaths, that the statements therein j
made are true, and that each signature i
to the paper appended is the genuine? ;
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FUR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast c irn
BUCB ordinance shall be in fa 'or of the
adoption there< *, the Board of Election j
Commissioners shall within thirty days |
from the time of such election, pro- \
cairn such fac'. : nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the |
same force and effect as an ordinanr3 j
passed by the Supervisors and ap- I
proved by the Mayor, and the same j
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may sub.nit !
a proposition for the repeal of such i
ordinance, or for amendments thereto. I
for vote at any succeeding election: and i
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi- j
nance shall be repealed or amended ■
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro- j
vided in the Constitution of the State, j
or as otherwise provided in this Char- i
ter, every ordinance Involving the
granting by the City and County of ,
any franchise for the supply of light ■
or water, or for the lease < r sale of any I
public utility, or for thepurchapenf land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in J
value must be submitted to the vcie
of the elect-rs of th City and County ;
at the election next ensuing after the
adootion of ruch orulnance.
The tickets used at such election j
shall contain the words "FOR THE !
ORDINANCE" (staging t..e nature of i
the proposed ordi nee) and !
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (st.it- j
ing the nature o. the proposed ordi- j
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon j
such ordinance shall be in favor of the |
adoption thereof, the Board of Ele Jon I
Commissioners shall, within thir'.v j
days from V time of such -lection, j
proclaim such fact: and upon such ■
proclamation such ordinance shall have !
tho same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex- I
cept it be mad" by ordinance, and such i
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in this section provided.
Sec. 22. Whenever there shall be j
presented to the Supervisors a petition l
slgmd by .-„ number of voters equal
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at j
the last preceding State or municipal i
j election, asking that an amendment or
J amendment t this Charter, to be set
j out in such petition, be submitted to
; the people, the Board must submit to
! the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
I not all be appended to one paper. Each
j signer shall add to his signature his
! place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
rcro an oi cer competent to administer
oaths that the statemerts made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appende* Is the gen-j" le
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election CommissionPrs
must make ai; necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or ,
amendments to the r-ctors at a spe
oai election to be called by it. and shall ,
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other ens .i of election.
All the provisions of the Constitutlcn
Of th e State embracing the subject in j
this section provided for are hereby ex- i
pressly made applicable to such pro- ;
posed amendment or amendments. But j
if at any time there shall be no consti- :
tutional provision or provisions under ,
which this Charter may be amended,
taen the aforesaid amendment .or
amendments must be submitted by the j
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election Is not
to be held within sixty days after the j
filing of such petition.
"he tickets used at Euch election I
7\ al i oonta in the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
•stating the nature of the proposed i
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upnp. j
such amendment or amendments nhall :
be in favor of the adoption thereof, j
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact, !
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor<" igiy.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION i. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and i
County all nee spary local, police, sani
tary and other laws anl regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in i
this Charter, or in the Constitution of |
the State of \.lifornia, to regulate and i
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and - unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street I
or the adjoining land, for such limited ■
time as may be necessary for such I
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and j
must be operated under such res.ric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit ; impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which ;
wooden buildings or structures nhall i
not be erected, placed or maintained. ;
and to prohibit the same within such !
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by i
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement <r ;
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To reguVate the use of hackney car- i
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ar.d to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per- >
sonal baggf ge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all neee~- ry rules and regula- ;
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de- i
s^ruction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a '
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tton of witnesses and persons charged I
with insanity, separate and rpart from
places where cri finals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain r.Ti regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun-
Ishment, confinement and reformation, ';
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, ar.d for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of i
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use cf v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or ti the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C •
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part tn^rcof t o any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of ;
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Csurt. to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor In any calendar day, and that tL |
minimum wages of laborers shali be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
: and regulations as the Board may pre
. scribe.
27 To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
! of two or more of such roads using the
> same street for any distance not ex
| ceeding ten blocks to use the same
i tracks and to equitably divide the cost
| of construction and expense of main
| tenance thereof between the owners; to
| fix, establish and reduce the fares and j
charges for transporting passengers ■
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of i
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro- |
tect the public from danger or incon- |
venience in the operation of such roads. I
28. To allow any transcontinental or •
other railroad company having not less ;
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id in operation to enter the j
City and County with it 3 road and run i
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to i
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
■ball be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may j
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with It the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for (he construction and repair \
of the tracks and appurtenances used ;
; by such railways jointly.
29. mo convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
I Legislature of the State of California,
i entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
i ment of land titles in the City and
j County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
j certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and '
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be ,
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest :
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County,
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund for which he need furnish no ;
voucher:
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
rill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once In
every six months, examine the official j
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap- ',
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light I
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per- j
sons, companies or corporations so :
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the ;
concurrence of two members of the ■
Committee shall be deemed sufficient. I
The Committee shall keep a record of !
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial |
statement of the evidence taken. If, i
from the examination made by the ;
Committee, it shall appear that a mis- j
demeanor in office, or a defalcation, i
has been committed by an officer, the |
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings !
against such officer as are authorized \
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer !
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying j
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors j
shrill have power to grant authority i
for a term not exceeding twenty-five !
years to construct and operate street I
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City ;
and County n«t reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow- i
ing conditions and in the following :
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the j
Board for any such franchise, it shall ;
by resolution determine whether such '
franchise or any part thereof should j
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same ;
shall be granted additional to those |
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall |
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment: and a further statement that |
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for j
the payment to the City and County <
in lawful money of the United States !
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the franr
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
1 bond executed to the City. and County,
I with at least two good and sufficient
I sureties to be approved by the Mayor
; in a penal sum prescribed by the Su- j
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
; vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi- ]
tions, terms and obligations of the ;
franchise for which said application
was made in case, the same shall be ;
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of .
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as i
such shall be recoverable from the j
principal and sureties on such bond.
1 At the next regular session after the '
i expiration of the time stated in such |
I . advertisement up to which such bids i
! will be received, the Board must open !
| such bids and award the franchise to :
i the person, company or corporation of-
I fering; to pay the highest stated per- •
! centage of the gross . receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession, or i
enjoyment of the franchise for which ]
such application was made. . But no ,
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated i
percentage offered to be paid for the
; franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during j
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted, |
four per centum of the gross receipts ,
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re- j
ceipts during the next succeeding ten ■
years. -
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, : bidding for such franchises
must bo in accordance wi'.h the provis
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
; made to the Board of Public Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica-
Die. The Supervisors may reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for
which application was made. T. cry
ordinance making such grant shall re
quire the concurrence of three-fourthsof
all the members of the Board of Super
i.visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of " the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in- !
tervene between the introduction and
final- passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor. /, *■".:"-•.■■
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this. Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee .of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All. moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund. '■!; '■"■
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay- i
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the. terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant-
Ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
| Any * ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty i
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of :
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within " said : thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County ;
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
• have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that • said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance ? shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If :a i
majority, of the votes be in favor of '
such ordinance, the Board of Election !
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion ■
of the canvass of i the vote . thereon,
proclaim ■. such fact, and upon., such
proclamation . said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. 'l Said petition and submission
shall ' be made in accordance with I the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article. \
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and" filed , with the -Clerk within six '•
months after the j occurrence ' from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re- .
covery on any such claim. '-■■--
CHAPTER 111.
Contracts. > ■ .
; SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist- ;
ence or printing for the City and Coun-
; ty, as well >as ■ for all : subsistence sup- ■
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti- I
cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti
tutions and other : departments not oth- j
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made bytheSupervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate , : security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; • and no purchase ; thereof or
liability therefor shall ;be made or ere- i
ated except by contract.
'•" Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, :' the : Board must determine ',
annually 1 what .1 goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies,' drugs, ; subsistence and .
other necessary v articles I will be ; needed
by the' City and County far the ensuing ,
year and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions in this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
: shall be made for any of the same un
less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
i with a certificate of deposit or certified
: check on a solvent bank in the City
and County of ten per centum on the
amount of the bid. payable at sight to
; the order of the Clerk of the Supen . ls
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days ar
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances snail
the certificate of deposit or cnecK o
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of the ClerK or
the Board of Supervisors; and
also state that such articles are to De
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the ; su
pervisors may designate. Any Dldaer
may bid separately for any art c «
named. The award as to each aj-ticia
shall in all cases be made to the lo^es
bidder for such article, and where a ma
embraces more than one article, tne
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify eacn
article required, the quality t11?™0,1
the quantity for each person, and tne
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. me
Supervisors shall require bonds witn
sufficient sureties for the fa'^ ul _? cr J
formance of every contract. The ClerK
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds. _
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of^the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in the
advertisement for proposals In tne
presence of all bidders who attend. and
the bidders may inspect the bids. AH
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char— of the of
fice, 'institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be P erfnr ™ cd + /°r
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day.
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract forworlt
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer shall slsrn the
same shall be deemed guilty of m sfea
sance and upon proof of such "^f fea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec ' All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof. .
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
inviting proposals and all notices or
every nature relating to City work No
part or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at * high
er rate than any other part or kind ot
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list.
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shaT. be
known and designated as the official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho c e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidder*
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount cf the bond that will be
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts in detail,
charging himself with all goods rec
eived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and t'elivered to
any department or officer.
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed by any other
bidder, or W i shall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder in regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies, of a quality inferior
to that called for by the contract or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to the re
ceipt of a crater amo ;nt or differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shull be re
muvod from office.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for In ;
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the. Mayor. All such con
tracts must bo countersigned by the
Clerk or the Supervisors, ami reirlster
ffi by number and date in a book kept
ftv him for that ;>uu>nse. When a con
tractor falls tn enter into the contract j
awards' r him or to perform the same,
r.ew bids must bo Invited, and a con
tra,-, awarded as provided herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis- •
or 9 ;,. ■ the prices bid are too i
high, or that bidders have combined to I
prevei t competition, or that the public j
Interest \\i:; be subserved thereby, they
may :"'e>'t any and all bids and cause* j
the notice for proposals to be readver-
Used.
s.- .6. Xo contract for lighting!
streets, public buildings, places or of-!
fires, shall be made for a longer period
than or.i^ year, nor .shall any contract!
-...•. electric light or any 11- j
lumlnatlng material at a higher rate!
than the minimum prloe charged to any ;
other consumer, be valid, Demands
gbtlng public buildings shall be
. monthly to the board or de
ent using or having charge |
if, and shall specify the amount j
b, electric light or Illuminating ■
• iln such building
durine the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I.
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
.y of April in each year the heads
lepartments, offices, boards and
missions of the City and County
send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of th<> amount of ex-
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
jects thereof, required in their respec- '■
#,ive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of !
the salaries of their subordinates. Dv- i
plicates of 'best' estimates shall be !
Bent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b "ore the first Monday
of May In each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the i
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment In detail, and showing specifically j
the amount necessary to be apportion- !
ed to each fund in the treasury; also !
an estimate of the amount of income j
from fines, licenses and other sources i
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon j
property, and the probable amount re- |
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
See. S. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and .
by a vote of a majority of all the mem- i
bers thereof make a budget of the j
amounts estimated to be required to
pay the expenses of conducting the '
public business of the Cit- and County
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared In such de
tail rs to the agerr-irate sum and the •
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient 'ime or times as may be
isary to allow the taxpayer? to be
heard in regard thereto, and the Super
visor? shall attend at the time or times
co appointed for =urh h>-arin"
Pec. 4. Ar.y Item in said budget may,
; within ten day? he vetoed In whole or
pin part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen \"tes of the Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon j
• be taken before the last Monday \
of .Tune.
r the flfm] estimate is made in
lance herewith, it shall be signed
Mayor and the v_lerk of the Su
sors, and t' several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuing
fl.pr\'.] year to the several purposes and
departments therein name" 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Aixlitor.
s. c. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to l>r- raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
pep. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Chnrter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless In
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Bee 8. The Superiors may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
■wtse provided for v -- law. No money
phall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the memhf-. s of the Board of
Fupervlsors and approved by the
Mayor.
Bee 9. Tt shall not be lawful for the
rrinors, nr for any hoard, depart
ment, officer or authority having pnwpr
to Incur. aurh> rize or contract liablll-
tl^T against the treasury, to Incur, au
thorize. allow, contract for, pay or ren
der pavahle In the present or future, In
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation. whUh. taken -with all other
expenditures. Indebtedness or liability
mnde or incurred up to the time In
mir-h month of making 1 or Incurring the
Fame, shall ox^ocd one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
! When any board, department or offi
cer liavlnc nower to Incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
B£rr<»oment for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
HUch agreement by number and date.
nv.d all demands arising under such
airreem»»nt shall be payable In the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must Inform the
person with whom It Is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely to >.« avail
able In the fund from which such de
mand? p.ro payable.
If. at the beginning of any month.
n money remains unexpended In any
appropriation which might lawfully
hove been expended during th*» pre
ceding month, ouch unexpended sum
or sums, except no mu^h thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claim's
upon such appropriation, may be oar
rlefd forward and expended In any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments: and or urgent necessities,
f^all bo exempt from the provisions of
th's r-ooMop.
R r -c. 10. No contracts made, the ex
ns<? of whose execution li not pro
vided by law or ordinance to bo Paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited. shall be binding or of any' force
unl<M>n the Auditor shall indorse there
or. his certificate that there remains
ur.nxrer.dcd and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the .appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to vr the optima ted. expose of
executing r.uch contract, ar, certified by
tb" board nYn V nfTl^er Tnnldner the same
Thin provision shall not apply to work
Gone, or R<:pp'j. • '■••--. !. ••!•.•<,'• ■
the exp*n<lttiir< ir>' >*»•»= t1>...» «...^ -,..."
dm! and fifty dollars, unless the same
Is required by l»w to be done by 'con
tract nt public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every such contract so
©resented 1o him, If there remains un
•V'nMed and unexpended such amount
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in*
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
In any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are In the several interest
and sinking funds, In the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION* 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds -In the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and Improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under tha jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioi.ers; and of all moneyseom
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor* Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon -s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea- in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir. men's Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Police Rellei" and Pension
Fund, ar.d the. Public liullding Fund
shall be carri^l forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de.- -quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund »s applicable,
which are not leueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the purrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTEE 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, In his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persona collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or Indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Pec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of su^h receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "T'napportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
See. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound Into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding In
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is Issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt Is issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt Is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts Issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom Issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
mnde, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener'
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tloned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Even' officer who Is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled In making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as wiil
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or Instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements unon the
same required by this Charter, show.
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it Is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ..fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which Is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, -within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
Just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ABTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER L
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold ofTW
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollars.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars: an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
Institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the.po
lice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid in the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his .knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for in this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of theßoard
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER 11.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. Ho may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any Indebted
ness of which he has notice: nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER IIL
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging:
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but *he
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept In bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
s*hall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a Joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required dally for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced dally at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receipts for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing th*»
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Every lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be naid unon presentation, if there he
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on i— '--ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canrpled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
I shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
i five years next preceding such time. He
: shall be elected by the people and hold
, office for four years. He shall receive
; an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
| tion for all his services. He may ap
i point a chief deputy who shall receive
i an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
: ceive an annual salary of eighteen
! hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
j who shall each receive an annual sal
i ary c-f eighteen hundred dollars; twen
j ty-one clerks who shall each receive
!an annual salary of twelve hundred
■dollars; and during four months of the
'. year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
! ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
| an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
: tion for all his services. He may appoint
I one chief deputy, who shall receive an
■ annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
■ dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shaJl
; each receive an annual salary of fifteen
1 hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
| month during the time of their em
j ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
i final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. He
i shall pay into the treasury, -without
! any deduction for commissions, fees or
| charges of any kind or on any ac
, count, the full amount of all taxes, as
i sessments and moneys received by him.
\ and not previously paid over, includ
; ing all moneys paid under protest, and
I money received for taxes paid more
'. than once, and for street assessments.
j He shall also be charged with, and be
| debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due "upon the
I delinquent tax list delivered to him for
: collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
| therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection .of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered: but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persona
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tims
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named In such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, ana
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County, who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. Ha
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensation at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the lees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such bock, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and searof his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, ho or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount paiu for recording the
same, and ahad number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at tho time and in the
manner proscribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed live inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
uct as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions anu proceedings In all the courts
in tho City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. '2. The stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall eaoh receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall bo an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall bo styled City At
torney, and w..<> shall receive an an
nual salary of live thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
shall hold office for tho period of two
years. He must be _t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have I- d bo qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
boon an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha_. devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin " exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, t" all officers, boards
and commissions named In this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- and County. He
Bhall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b ■ the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears: and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his eharere in which the City
and County is interested.
Pec. 4. He ihall deliver all hooks
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County', to his successor in office,
■who shall <Hve him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars: the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars: an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars: and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail durir.e the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been nn qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
Bhall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice In all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for i_t least live years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
nave all the powers conferred and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County: deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with the Auditor on 'the first
Mondays of January. April. July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity durir- the preceding three
months: keep ■ register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without foe. ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
. Sec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall ench receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act as
the prosecutiner attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such prosecut
ing attorneys in the Police Court are
rot actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for
any service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two yenrs next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
«j»o aDDOint one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
See. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
era.l laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be tiled or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars: five " Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him. he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be i
elected by the people, and he shall hold ;
office for two years. He shall receive j
an annual salary of eight thousand dol- j
lars, which shall be in full compensa- ;
tion for all official services required of j
him by law; but said salary shall be |
exclusive of the compensation received I
by him from the State for the delivery j
of prisoners to the State prisons, and :
insane persons Ur the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have ail the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
. the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs !
' of counties by the general laws of this
I State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars: one Chief Bookkeeper, I
eighteen hundred dollars: two Assistant j
I Bc-okkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
; ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
j lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred |
] dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail i
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars; i
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One, j
| twelve hundred dollars; one Superin- j
! tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two |
i and Three, eighteen hundred dollars:
'. sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine '
hundred dc-llars: six Guards at Branch ;
I Jail Number Three, six hundred dol- i
; lars; one Commissary to act for all
i jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollar.-;;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
j services to be performed by his depu
i ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dellars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION I. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Cc-urt to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They shall each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of themshall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their number a
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all "the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
j have:
• Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors
Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as axe bow or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A"NT> COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings In said Court
shall be conducted In accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may bte hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on anpeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after tho
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
Gr on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall kp^p his
offVe open continuously night and flay
tor the transaction of business: shall
riraw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
ci't-tody of all bail bonds and r.ppeal
bonds taken in the Police Court: shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and ineumbranoes
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may Issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk Is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. Xo clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take hail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court In which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayer may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge c-f the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond." and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter:
and all proceedingspendinginsaidCourt
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid: and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisc< Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of threa Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
appointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissiorfers shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shaH in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, Inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings
and copies of all plans, specifications'
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the : duties lof
the Superintendent « of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into ■ effect for the ? open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty. ;■■■;.,: ..,;.,.. ■ . , : '-. ; •■-,.; .
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediately
after its * organization ; take ;■ possession
and have the custody and control of ah
maps, plats,; surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models,' machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, : contract : rights, priv
ileges, books, documents ? and archives
and other ' property % belonging /. to : th*
City and County, ' or ' which . may- be of
value r and , importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept Iby or in
the offices of, the City and County Sur
veyor, the ; Superintendent -of : Public
Streets, Highways' and "; Squares, the
Board of : New,: City Hall * Commission
ers,' and all commissions in existence a*
the time this Charter ; goes into effect
for the opening, extending, s widening,
narrowing, > straightening, closing or
cfcaneinji the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th«
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Eoard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th*
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. O,f the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly {approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by thfi
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u"~ said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may,, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been k s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
■when requested to do so. furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it-be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer Fhall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shaJl be taken in all cases in the matter
of th« letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause ifo
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding: and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in s&id im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or Interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid. and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
sentlng any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, tie owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part .of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter Into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boari
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and Bhall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specification? and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a.
bond in the sum named in the notir e
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for ths
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law.
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, is equal m
p mount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and earh surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent.  .. *.^_
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the oU
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public
Works, a further extension may be
granted by vote of fourteen memDcrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement ofcj
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in xhis Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11. Ij
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alley*,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tue Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where^
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such, improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than,
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or crocking will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any r>art thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying: the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of "said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding* fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement: but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date. and. briefly the
work or improvement proposed and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the proT .rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and. In case of a district, ihose owntn«more than one-half of the superficial j
area of the district, may make written j
objections to the same within ten days j
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered I
to the Secretary of the Board of Public \
Works, who shall endorse thereon the j
data of its reception by him. Such ob- :
jections shall be a bar for six months
J/i any. further proceedings In relation \
\o the doing of said work or making
said Improvement, unless the owners of j
the one-half or more of the frontage or !
of the district, as aforesaid, shall !
meanwhile petition for the same to be i
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin- |
ued under the resolution of intention i
Jlrst passed if said Board shall deem !
proper. If, however, the owners of at j
least two-thirds of the property front- !
ing on said proposed work or improve-,
merit, and. In the case of a district, ,
those owning at least two-thirds of the i
.superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the !
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of Intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done Is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the Frontage or of the district as afore
fsaid, the Board shall, at Its next meet- !
ing, i;x a time for hearing said objec- I
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec- I
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in !
the Post Office at the City and County i
postage prepaid, and addressed to each '
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its '
decision shall be final and conclusive; ■
nnd if said objections are overruled the !
proceedings shall be continued as '
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid- '
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to j
assessment therein, who, after the first
t publication of the aforesaid resolution !
*V«f intention, may feel aggrieved, or !
who may have objections to any pro- I
ceedings in relation to the performance ■
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pc- ;
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon- !
strance shall be passed upon by the i
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work j
or improvement in the opinion of the I
Board of Public Works is of more than j
local or ordinary public benefit, it may ;
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district, |
and said Board shall in its res- |
olution of intention set out the district i
benefited by said work or Improvement i
and to be assessed to pay the expense '
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve- >■
ment may be made by any Interested
party, in writing, within ten days af- '■
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention. j
The Secretary of the Board shall lay i
said objections before it and the Board i
shall, at Its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less j
than one week thereafter. . The Secre- '
tary shall thereupon notify the persons '
making such objections by depositing !
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the j
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time j
specified the Board shall hear the ob- I
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled. its j
decision shall be final and conclusive j
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
\ If the objections are sustained, th«
¥ Board shall proceed to set out another |
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and '
a hearing had thereon as above pro- I
vided; and so on In like manner until ;
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision in that behalf to be final |
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro- i
ceedings shall continue the same as if j
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia- j
gram on which shall be delineated each I
separate lot, piece or parcel of land, '
the area In square feet of each of such j
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the !
relative location of the same to the !
work or Improvement proposed to be j
done within the limits of the district. j
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any i
contract shall have been completed, the j
contractor shall make and file in the i
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he ha»
not entered Into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to j
make any rebate or deduction to him '
from such price. Any such agreement |
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per- \
sons liable to be assessed for such '
work other than the property owners J
■who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and !
•where there is more than one contractor !
each contractor shall make such afll- !
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract
- ' (including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
, expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name' of the owner of each lot (if
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
; -of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
.the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
': .respond with the numbers In the as
sessment, and showing the number of
' front feet assessed for said work. A
„ mistake In the name of the owner shall
not Invalidate any assessment.
„ When the expense of such work falls
r , .in part upon any person, company or
v corporation having railroad tracks
•- upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
; Bon, : company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
; the flame shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
/'company or corporation, for a period
■° of; two years from the date of record
; Ing the warrant, assessment and dla
"'ipam hereinafter provided for.
' '■. '•; Sec. 8, The expense of all work or
• ! improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or
.•'courts, under the order of the Super
; visors, shall be borne and paid for as
•;. fallows:
..•'•.■'First.— The City and County shall pay
. : . put' of ..the General Fund the expense:
."'.: ' ':■&, •; Of all work done on streets, cross
. ings and intersections of streets that
f have been or may be accepted by the
o City and County, after the acceptance
-.. of the same, and all repairs and 'im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
° '? treets and highways.
, •*.•.;• Of all work done In front of. or
j that may be assessed to, property
i owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
| owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers,
I cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and o£ all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
01 ;U1 curbs thereon, and of all work
I done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
I upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
'< vided, except where, by an assessment
: district it may be provided otherwise.
Third. — The expense Of ail work on
i such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
l company, or corporation, having rail
; road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
1 paid for by such person, company or
! corporation, and shall be included In
the assessment hereinbefore provided
; for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
■ that may have been levied upon the
\ same property during the year next
j preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
1 upon the last preceding Assessment
! Book of the City and County.
Sec 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
| ized herein is to be assessed upon a
| district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
I by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
1 lands fronting thereon, except as here
i lnafter specificully provided; each lot
j or portion of a lot being separately as
! sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
! improvement except such as Is done by
i contractors under the provisions of sec-
I tlon sixteen of this Chapter, until the
I streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
i alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
! cepted, as provided in section twenty
i three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
; upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
1 the work done on main street cross
! ings shall be assessed at a uniform
: rate per front foot on the quarter
j blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
i and cornering upon the crossings, and
! separately upon the whole of each lot
I or portion of a lot having any front
! age In the said blocks fronting on said
1 main streets, half way to the next main
i street crossing, and all the way on
j said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
| but only according to its frontage in
! said quarter blocks and irregular
* blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
i opposite the termination shall be as
! sessed upon the lots in each of the two
i quarter blocks adjoining and corner
i ing on the same, according to the front
! age of such lots on said main street,
! and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
| fronting on the latter half of the street
I at such termination.
Subdivision Five — Where any alley
! or subdivision street crosses a main
' street, the expense of all work done on
i said crossing shall be assessed on all
I lots or portions of lots half way on said
! alley or subdivision street to the next
! crossing or intersection, or to the end
! of such alley or subdivision street If It
! does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
I crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or aubdi-
I vision streets on each side thereof, in
I all directions, half way to the next
! street, place, or court, on either side,
i respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
; court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
j the width of the subdivision street,
' avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
\ the termination, shall be assessed upon
! the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
i vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
! place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
I street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
i place, or the end of such street, avenue,
I lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
| not meet another, and the other one
i half of the width upon the lots fronting
! such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned In this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
I same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
! portion of said street, the assessment
i to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
! or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
' be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
i thereof, the assessment for Its expense
; shall be made only upon the lots and
; lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
! upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
1 and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
1 owners of lots or lands fronting upon
! any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
, Supervisors, may perform at his or
; their own expense (after obtaining per
: mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed Its resolution of Intention to
I recommend grading inclusive of this)
■ any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
'. and thereupon may procure, at his or
j their own expense, a certificate from
j the City Engineer setting forth the
; number of cubic yards of cutting and
i filling made by him or them in said
j grading, and the proportions performed
; by each owner, and that the same is
j done to the established width and grade
! of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate In the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
Interest, shall be entitled tocreditonthe
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling: or. if the frrado
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as changed. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth In any and all cer
tificates so recorded In his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
era-dine thereto, and shall enter corre- I
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AOT) COUKTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
Interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
gradingi on such street, in front of any
blmk, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the Bame
class in front of the same block, the
work bo done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works a.t the time said order Is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may Include In the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and It may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
arid portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included In the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception la made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained In
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the reso
lution of Intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, Im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period ot
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested In paid
at;sf Ksment shall be deemed to have no
tice o£ the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
he delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
cont! actor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When It shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render such judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
tho lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, irregularity, or ll'e
g.i"ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any such assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in s;even months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to the Board for
aro'.her assessment to be issued in con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make anrl deliver to
said applicant a new assessmant, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an appeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. IS. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on hiß or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount tossessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return Indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by It and give a
good and sulficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff In
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of Its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor Bhall
fall to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but If
any warrant is lost, upon pruof of such
loss a duplicate may be Issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect us if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
In the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly Interested in any work
provided for In this Chapter, or In the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract In
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections In writ-
Ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
In the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
Just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
I to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and isgue a new warrant, assessment
I and diagram to conform to the dccl-
I slons of the Supervisors In relation
j thereto.
All the deciplons and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
i and Irregularities, which the Supervis
i ora might have remedied and avoided;
! and no assessment shall be held in-
I valid, except upon appeal to the Su
i pervlsors, as provided in this section,
i for any error, informality or other
' defect In the proceedings prior to the
! assessment, or In the assessment It
! self, where the Board of Public Works
i has acquired Jurisdiction to make the
■ same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
. of thirty-five days from the day of the
! date of the warrant, or if an appeal
' has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
i at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
i peal, or after the return on the war
j rant, after the same may have been
I corrected, altered or modified, as hero
! In provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
! may sue in his own name the owner or
i the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
1 the date of the recording of the war-
I rant, assessment and diagram, or any
i day thereafter during the continuance
I of the lien of said assessment, and re
j cover the amount of any assessment
I remaining unpaid, with interest th«re
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
i tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
i lars in addition to the taxable costs,
j as attorney's fees, but not any percent
! age upon said recovery. When suit has
1 been brought, after a personal demand
| has been made and a refusal to pay
; such assessment so demanded, the
! plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
; and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax-
I able costs, notwithstanding that the
; suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery In said aption,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
! gram, with the affidavit of demand and
! non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
! Public Works and of the Supervisors
J upon which said warrant, assessment
: and diagram are based, and like evidence
i of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
I the action. The Court in which said suit
: shall be commenced shall have power
! to adjudge and decree a lien against
i the lots of land assessed, and to order
: such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
i In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of the
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience In the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used In said repatrs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter Into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the doiner of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by it in its office for three days,
inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Pnld bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing: whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persona: and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall hnve been signed,
•end completed without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
o-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and Just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpald
on demand to the contractor so cm
i ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
| occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be k lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having Jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persona
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been Imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse-sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid and advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by payment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices In writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street &r portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accented hv
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway Including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall Invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the, satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with Incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs. It shall be held to
include all Btreets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or Intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word -"improvement" shall be
held to Include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall In
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either Intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, Iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under WJjr con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and Inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published dally, legal holidays except
ed, In the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the applioation to be published In the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands In
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any Btreet
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided In this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account In
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunnlies and material under
azxy contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, If at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Publics
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the Improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimatt
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such Im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property— including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon,
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lot 3
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessmentsj
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to>
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been file^.
and the Supervisors shall at their firsv
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and th«
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to eaid Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Publio
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to ba
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the In
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation between the value of said lot in its en
tirety and its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any. thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. 8. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall be ascertained as of the time or
Baid inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
eam«d to the same by reason of suon
intended improvement, and the Board
frhall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners theretor.
The Board shall aiso assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
Of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the lands and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any.
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot* of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and landi.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be pub.ic
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such bearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Hoard, and said assessment
nnd valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment *ml valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said
improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
lnes. a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
■ame, the name of the owner of each
lot. when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated), and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein: and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
lr.irs, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense uf s:\nl improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
ehall cause to be published for ten d:\ys
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete rhe same
In the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether -with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
up>n the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
•with a petition si'<ned by the President
of said Board, t^> the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the * assessment contained
therein agains^ the respective lots
therein descriLrd as assessed, and for
the "CC2«fcrdMßion and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the v^lue thereof as ascertained by
paid report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Poo. 13. On f.ling such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not less than ten nor more j
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in eaid Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
: and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order snid Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
Fhal! have and take Jurisdiction of said
report and of tae subject matter
thereof as a speolll proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times To whirh sxid hearing may be
adjourned may he^ the allegations of
the parties and pro'Vfs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed.
altered or modified by said Board Said
Judgment of confirmation shall b<? a
lien upon each lot of land described in
F-ii-1 report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City nnd County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
snid improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
Judgment. Said lien shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
lefrally discharged.
P°c. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said Judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings aa will
cause ;said assessment and valuation
to be made In accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works In proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Bee. 13. After the confirmation of
said report, If the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the Judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall Issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded In the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall. If any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
lhat he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess- [
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ- j
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to- ,
get her with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per |
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenses of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in ;
said judgment as the compensation for i
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re- '
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to ;
said person the amount awarded for i
paid lot by said judgment of condemna- I
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title . to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or j
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by the
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed !
thereon that the said warrant has been I
registered by him and that there are* '
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of the said Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex purte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of .
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
ho had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
l>e provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to # the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Hoard shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com-,
mlssioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take -the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
puffer damage hy such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening.
Ftraiehtening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans fdr con
necting the same with sewers and pri
i vate . drains already constructed or
| thereafter to be constructed,
i Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
; not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
i authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
; struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
I approval of the Supervisors, agree with
. the owners of any real estate, upon
j which it is deemed desirable to con-
I struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOB THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
Improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri- j
vate property, and the Board is unable |
to agree with the owner thereof, upon i
the amount of compensation or dam- j
ages to be paid therefor, or when such !
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board j
shall deem it most expedient, it shall, i
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in j
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTEB V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be- j
long to the City and County, or over j
which it may at any time lawfully ex- j
ercise jurisdiction and control, shall be !
under the management and control of j
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of |
Public Works, after proceedings had ;
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex- |
cept where the wharves are under the !
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har- !
bor Commissioners, or may provide j
that no charges, tolls, dockage or i
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Uoard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each >
receive an annual salary of three thou- j
sand dollars. They shall not be less j
than thirty years of age and must have j
been residents of the City and County j
far at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be j
so constituted as to consist of more I
than two members of the same politi- ■
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall co classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go '
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The Hoard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shalf serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall j
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be |
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER LL
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department j
shall comprise all the public schools of j
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
Include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools. ;
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER IIL
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the i
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis- ,
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect Its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the. time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, Immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing In this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned In section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying Into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found Idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or In the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold In trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold In
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in April
In each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common hoc Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found In
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Should the Board fall or neglect to fill
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d-ities of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
fl'led by the Superintendent of Com
mon Schools.
S. To sue in the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity conce -ning the enjoy
ment and possession cf such lots, lands !
nnd property.. To require the services |
of the City Attorney in all actions, j
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9 - To establish regulations for the I
disbursement of all moneys belonging |
to the School Department or to the i
Common School Fund, and to secure i
strict accountability in the expenditure !
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay- :
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
| lowed officers, teachers and other em- !
| ployees of the School Department. For |
I this purpose the Auditor shall annually j
i segregate so much of the Common ,
i School Fund as shall not exceed twen- ;
ty-eight dollars for each "pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
i Schools of the City and County during
I the preceding fiscal year. The amount
ISO segregated shali not: be applied to the
payment of any demand against such j
Common School Fund during any fiscal ,
year other than for salaries, until all j
salaries for that fiscal year have been |
fully paid or provided for. The Board !
j shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation I
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed :
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed- i
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be !
; signed by the President of the Board ;
I and the Superintendent and sent to the j
I Auditor. Every demand shall have en
! dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by |
I the Secretary, of its approval by the
| Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz-
I ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
; partment shall be made up by the Sec
| retary of the Board, and after being
I duly audited by the Finance Committee
| thereof and approved by a majority of
J all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
latfer than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required j
; for school purposes; but no lease shall
j be made except after advertisement for
, bids for at least fifteen days in the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative i
; vote of at least three members of the
i Board approved by an ordinance of the
j Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property i
1 or money acquired by bequest or dona- j
| tion in trust for the benefit of any j
! school, educational purpose or school >
1 library; to carry into effect the terms '
| of any bequest not in eontlict with the j
| general laws or this Charter; and to sell j
such personal property as shall no I
longer be required for us? in the I
■ schools. All moneys realized by such
I sales shall be at onre paid into the
; treasury to the credit of the Common :
[ School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
! fore the first day of May, make a list of !
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis- i
! cal year, stating in clear and explicit !
terms the quantity and kind of articles j
! needed and how and when they shall be j
delivered, and shall invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising
. therefor for at least ten days in the ;
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11. Chapter :
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad- <
\ vertising for proposals, the affidavit i
and security accompanying the same, !
' the presentation and opening of propo- :
I sals, the awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
En violation of any provision of this
! Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each \
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re- !
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
| within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the .
number of pupils taught in each school,
; the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held "by them, the amount of money
' drawn from the treasury by the De- i
I partment during the year, distinguish- '
! ing the State fund from all others, the \
purpose for which such money has been !
expended, with particulars, and such '■
! other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super- j
i visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the !
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries ;
for the next ensuing fiscal year for j
teachers and all employees of the j
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of '■
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
; member of the Board of Education, (
; without the right to vote. He shall re- !
■ ceive an annual salary of four thousand j
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap- I
i point four Deputy Superintendents.
• The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
j tendance shall have reached forty-five
j thousand, when the Superintendent
j shall appoint one additional deputy,
j and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand Lhildren In average daily
I attendance. If from any cause a
I vacancy occurs In the office of Deputy
j Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superln
i tendents first appointed, the Superin-
I tendent shall appoint two for two
; years and two for four years. All
t Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
; years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
; at least ten years' successful experi
j ence as teachers, and shall have been
| residents of the City and County at
! least five years preceding their ap
| pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties lm
i posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education In the City and
County, and for the care and Improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with Xhe as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
I courses of studies; the text-books and
I books for supplementary use in the
, public schools and the purchase of such
! apparatus, books, stationery and other
| class-room supplies as may be required
: in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school In the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which Bhall
authorize the holder to teach any
i primary or grammar school in the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
: thorize the holder to teach any primary
i school in the City and County. They
• shall report the result of the examina
| tion to the Board of Education, and
; the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
! April in each year, report to the S.uper
| visors an estimate of the amount which
■ shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
; specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring, sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
| ary of the School Directors, Superinten-
I dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
; other persons employed in the School
! Department, and for other expenditures
j necessary for the administration of the
j Public School System; but the aggre-
I gate amount so reported for any one
i year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
1 pil. who in the fiscal year immediately
: prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
; and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
j for each pupil in attendance during the
! preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
i and reported by the Board of Educa
, tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such fex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality in
the City and County Is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of I
class rooms needed, the location of the '
proposed school house, the date on j
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public "Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an-- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under th»
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause ihe same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars'
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b«
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When It is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly 6ituated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Beading Booms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Uooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, Journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing real and ~ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than.
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be Inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, in accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as It
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary- The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, monp", receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all Its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded In Its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre-
I scribe the duties of all officers; deter
; mine the number of and elect all nec
i epsary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books. Journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
: ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of moTiey
;■ from the library Fund for any liability
i or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants:
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
9ec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use. either in whoje or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ABTICLE "VTII.
POLICE DEPABTMENT.
CHAPTEB L
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTEB n.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper b>?he Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week In the rooms
of the Police Department or In case of
cubllc emergency at such place as the
Board £ay lelect. The Secretary must
keep minutes of Its proceedings, and
in every case where a power is exer-
Ssed by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en-^»
tered therein.
CEAPTER Hi-
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
I Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
! rate or dismiss any member of the ue
! partment In the manner hereinafter
provided. . »*__-_
L 2. To prescribe rules and regulation
j for the government, discipline, equip
1 ment and uniform of the Department,
i and from time to time to alter or .e
i peal the same, and to prescribe P ena >-
! ties for the violations of any of such
i rules and regulations. All such rules
i and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
j in less quantity than one quart, and to
! grant permits to any person engaged in
j the business of selling liquor to be
I drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when It shall appear
I to the Board that the business of the
i person to whom such permit was given
lis conducted In a disorderly or im
1 proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If tna
• Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
! fused such permit or whose permit it is
■ proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
! be heard before the Board In person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
; of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
j one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
j same is given, and the description of.
the premises where such business is toj^
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
! times be subject to inspection by any
1 member of the Department. Com-
I plaints to revoke permits granted by
> the Board must be in writing, signed
i by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
| Secretary must be served upon the
| party complained against at least five
j days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
' to appoint, and at pleasure to remove.
1 special police officers. Such officers
i shall be subject to all the rules and
i regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may corn*
! into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
i such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
I other article, matter or thing used in
: the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
i care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of &'
'. teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
'■ the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
\ cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Comrnissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re- A
celve an annual salary of four thou- T
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department In the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor In writing.
He shaU maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall ba
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
Issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed In his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
In such case he shall make known to *,
such member of the Department whera I
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at hi 3
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk. Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec, 6 The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse euch sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as In his judgment shall be for the best
Interest of the City and County, to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund rs contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers. Junk-shop keeper*,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
ers. All persons engaged in said call
ings mast first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empower
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit-
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTEB V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate offloen ofthe Police Department shall consist of i
Captains, who shall each receive an
animal salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars- Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall each receive an annual salary j
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor- !
als who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four
There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
tlea of the Lieutenants shall be denned
by the rules and regulations of the
Comi • Dv tne Ol "ders of the
Chief "' Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
4. There shall be as many Ser
g eai t'g as In the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
,,, ,1 me Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
mmissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
ective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec. 5. There shall be as many 'Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
missloners may be advisable. The dv
: c rporals shall be definedib thß
rule? nml regulations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
tins, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
i twenty-five. He shall desig-
Captaln of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of paid Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the- Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Pr-lice Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec 2. Every Police Officer shall,
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keener, who must deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
thereof according to law.
Sec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VIL.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violating
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for an- breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
I fter a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
(specifically the acts complained of. and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rulf prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
sel; to have a public trial: and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from Intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may in any way come into the
possession or custody of any member
t'f the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Pron
rrty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
Under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested before
B. court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent erf the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him. it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
fhall thereupon deliver such property
nr money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
Dr conviction of the person accused.
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having
been five times advertised in the official
newspaper; and the proceeds of such
Pale shall be naid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund. In no case shall such prop
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
rvsrity for the use thereof as evidence
v ns ceased. The proceeds of property
.taken from insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
tlmo the same is paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police Khali, during such* period.
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable. k^S-'M
Bee. 4. If any property or money in
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
aulred as evidence In any Court, it
shall bo delivered to any officer who
shall present an order in 'writing to
♦ hat effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk. -•
Sec. R. All vnlu.ibles nnd money In
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
pubjert to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
? ACTION 1. . All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
In the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park i
Pp<i,, a shall continue - therein without j
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go Into effect |
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Belief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue In
force and make effectual pensions ;
already existing in favor of the Police :
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board j
of Police Commissioners and its sue- i
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote, ■
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the i
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon |
an examination by two regularly cer
tlfloated practlclngphysieians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur- :
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea- :
sun of such age, infirmity or other dis- |
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re- ;
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- i
ston Fund a monthly pension equal to j
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire- ;
mer.t. No such pension shall be paid
Unless such person has been an active !
member of the Department for twenty [
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart- I
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis-
Bloners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date ;
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his i
dei-th. In case his disability shall cease ■
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
occupied at the time of his retirement, j
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
Of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer, j
member or employe of the Department |
who may be killed while In the per- j
formance of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de- j
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
Buch children shall collectively receive \
a pension equal to one-half the salary '<
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children, ;
but leave a parent or parents depend- |
ing solely upon him for support, such j
parents, so depending, shall collectively i
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by }
the decedent at the time of his death, j
during such time as the Commissioners !
may unanimously determine Its ne- j
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- j
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid- .
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent !
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of such*
deceased member and paid into the Re
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi- '
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make !
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en- j
force compliance therewith on the part i
of the members of the Department. It i
shall make up an estimate every year :
of the amount required to pay all de- i
mands «n the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
Shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension i
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such j
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public reo- i
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each j
quarterly meeting send to the Treas- j
urer and to the Auditor a written or j
printed list of all persons entitled to i
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such j
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the !
President and Secretary of the Board, j
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board j
shall be presented to the Auditor, and j
be audited and ordered paid by him i
out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension ''■
Fund Commissioners shall possess the [
powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and I
regulations for its guidance. It may ;
appoint a Secretary, and provide for !
the payment from said Fund of all j
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment Into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected j
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereor.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor morn
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hard merchandise, and from Junk
stores.
fi. All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COTJXTT OF SA» FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
ff. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Relict
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same ia herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall h» transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for In this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors In their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
' pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
iof twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
i years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to- consist of more than
i two members of the same political
! party. The term of office of the Com
i missioners shall be four years. Those
• first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
■ successors in office of the Fire Commis-
I sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
; under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
'■■ ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
; tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
I hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
I at least once a week, and as often as
' the business of the Department may
: require, and all Its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
j Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
j sary. prescribe the number and duties
! of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control o-f all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
. full power and authority over all ap
, propriations made for the use of the
I Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
■ twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
I years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
; appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
i ination be found In sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
j political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed pxcept for
i cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to- the Department are carried
Into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
In the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
; Poard may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
I and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En-
I gineer and the Secretary of the Com-
I missioners; but during a conflagration,
; such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extlngulsh
i Ing such conflagration may be with-
I drawn from said Corporation Yards by
j order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
! Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
! missioners shall immediately after their
[ appointment and qualification proceed
i to reorganize the Fire Department in
| conformity with the provisions of this
! Charter. In so doing the Board shall
; make Its appointments of officers and
; members from the persons constituting
i the force in the service of the Fire De
| partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
! shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion Is made In the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
! discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while !n the actual
| performance of his duty therein so as i
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of I
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully I
performed, and shall, upon the award- !
ing of any such contract, exact an ade- I
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter i
111, of this Charter, In regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit \
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw. rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can '
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered Into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTEITin.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com- I
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi- !
neer, who shall be charged with the :
special duty of superintending the ex- !
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive ofll- i
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall i
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see all laws, orders, rules
and regulations In force In the City and :
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, are j
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus- i
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report In j
writing such suspension, with his rea- j
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob- j
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and
report In writing thereon at least one«
a month to the Board and make such ;
recommendations and suggestions re
specting the same as he may deem j
proper. In the absence or inability ot I
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief !
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his '•
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers, '
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief j
in charge may, during a conflagration, j
cause to be cut down or otherwise re~ I
moved any buildings or structures for !
the purpose of checking the progress of i
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than on<s
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Firo Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be Imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws, and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
Into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shah con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, Infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the Eeme
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in-
Jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon "his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p .ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces-
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Bfremen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess th<»
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for Its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
■dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing; but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun-
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun-
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars: Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajnd requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoint
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lie Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitalsf and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the live*
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County: and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, Including Jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules <md regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the publio
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
thfir duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Board shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint »
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competltve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services. in private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual !
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such nppointee Is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, ng the case may hp, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such third party. anri if not, then nt
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political p^rty as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal rpnresentation at all times of the
two political parties casting the hieh
est vote at the ereneral election last pre
cediner the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Pec. 2. No member of the Board, nor
Peerlstrar. nor Derrntv Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be ellerible to any other munioipa]
office durinar the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter: nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election except to
vote and when acting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties as may
b*» required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganlze within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. Tha
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for th©
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate th©
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to th©
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
I laws of this State respecting elections
! shall be applicable to all elections held
i in the City and County of San Fran
j cisco. All provisions of the general laws
| of this State respecting the registration
jof voters shall be applicable to such
! registration in the City and County.
j The Board of Election Commissioners
! must provide for precinct registration
j so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER 11.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and In every second year there
after, an election to be known as th*
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Publio
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and.
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as the
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the salo
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take s"uch steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but In
case the votes cast in favor of feotU.propositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro- j
ceeding at once, without the submission j
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its j
determination to acquire the same a»
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided. ...
Sec 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City j
and County, in addition to the other j
necessary expenditures thereof, it snail j
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma- :
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired j
upon such terms.
In case however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article ;
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such j
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At j
least two-thirds of the electors voting:
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to * the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de- j
claring. such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de- j
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de- I
termine that the public interest or ne- |
cessity demands the acquisition, con- j
struction or completion of any public ;
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual Income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of \
the ordinance declaring said deter- i
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City ;
and County shall issue for the payment
Of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such indebted- ■
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
. Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election. ,
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in- !
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of i
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No Indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
erf all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds In what lawful money of '
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt '
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina- j
tions of not lesa than ten dollars nor '<
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference In the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de- i
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such Interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly, <
as the • Supervisors may determine.
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the same must
be sold for cash In lawful money of the i
United States as aforesaid to the high- i
est bidder at not less than par, after i
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such Bales shah be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied !
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned In the ordinance authorizing
their Issue until such obiects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be signed I
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall be countersigned by the Auditor
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and sie-ned by the Treasurer,
and The bonds and coupons shall he j
payable at the office of the Treasurer
Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate I
amount of such Indebtedness bo in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same "time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected. "
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
?~ ■■-'. -..-•':..">■ •••'.■■
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
j him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
! tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter ,
the Mayor shall in like manner ap- i
point one person as the successor of the i
Commissioner whose term of office ex- |
pires in that year, to serve as such j
Commissioner for three years. All ap
: pointments shall be so made that not
' more than one Commissioner shall at
j any time belong to the same political
! party. Each of such Commissioners
■ shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
i by the Commissioners shall constitute j
! the classified civil service of the City
1 and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
1 tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall i
make rules to carry out the purposes j
; of this Article, and for examinations, j
| appointments, promotions and re- i
movals, and in accordance with its pro- |
visions may from time to time, make i
changes in the existing rules. All rules j
and all changes therein shall be forth- !
with printed for distribution by the j
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in j
the classified civil service shall be sub- j
jected to examination, which shall be j
public, competitive and free. Such ex- J
aminations shall be practical in their i
character, and shall relate to those !
matters only which will fairly test the j
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re- :
ligious opinions or affiliations. The !
Commissioners shall control all ex- j
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or j
not in the official service of the City j
and County, to be examiners; and. if |
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra >
compensation, to conduct such ex- j
aminations as the Commissioners may '
direct, and to make return and report ;
thereof to the Commissioners. The I
Commissioners may substitute any j
other person, whether in or not in such i
service, in the place of any one so se- j
lected, or may themselves act as such |
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and ]
! general scope of every examination i
shall bo given by the Commissioners !
; by publication for two weeks preceding |
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be i
posted by the Commissioners in a con- |
splcuous place in their office for two ,
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex- !
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and j
County of the persons whose general '
! average standing upon examination for
; such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
: and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
| Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
: aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
; cants having the highest rating for
; each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
, borers shall be taken according to their
1 priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
i tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
j the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
i pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
[ Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the neriod of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he Is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex-
I traordinary exigencies, the head of any
' department or office may. with the an
proval of the Commissioners, maka
temporary appointments, to remain Ib
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
i shall apply to the following offices and
j departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com-
the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said or
fices and departments shall be exempt
j ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chiei
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
I City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Works*,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall maka
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and apy appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b»
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service, aid all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission tinder the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to Institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go Into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five In number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may eleci a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Boaid
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for Its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from 'all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'on of
business. No contract shall be entered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars In
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article In this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by tlv» Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park°,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
puni3hed therefor, on conviction, "n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage .
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donora
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to j
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not Inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not !
greater than one year, such buildings j
as may be constructed by itself for the j
use of the public to such person, com- j
pany or corporation who shall under,
take to serve such use; and in .jvery
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for pane-plea sure
purposes only. No such builiin? shall
be constructed by the Board except it
i>e within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove mes and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Ncthing. however, in this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
F'.rmitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose ot conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
ha I'ocessary to conserve tho Integrity
of said parks and squares, ami for a pe.
ricd not greatei than six months, and
so as not to interfere w'.lh the use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted cxeept such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat"
«r Municipal mportance. None of the
monc-ys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall Ire used for th? purposes t*
any such Fair cr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, "ii
the request of the Comm'.sjjcnerr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, averts and
grounds as may be necessary for the en- I
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance, of the ordinances of the
Commissioners; and the Commissioners
may provide a place of det-ntion with
in either of sa.d public pla -es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of ihe ordim Tices of the Board may be
detained ternpciarily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations, i
legacies and bequests, shall, unless I
otherwise provided by the terms of j
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares, I
avenues and grounds. If the moneys \
derived from such gifts, bequests or '
legacies, shall at any time exceed in >
amount the sum necessary for imme- i
diate expenditures on said parks, I
squares, avenues and grounds, the j
Board shall inver.t all or a part of the j
same in interest bearing bonds of the |
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex- I
position building, in which may be ex- '
hibited the products of the several I
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub- i
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
Fhall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers. In respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private Individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not re less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
| ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, It shall be fixed by an ordl
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk, ""he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars* District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an .affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall bp required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient: and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employers, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, ami every of.
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of Ran Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of betng, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed in
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while In office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity In money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or Indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County-
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de-»
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be &
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bt>
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Polic*
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but If the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any i erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever It is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered In the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any 'question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made in the
offle'al newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not In good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within Bix months after this Charter
takes effect, In good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
Drlvileere or franchise.
Sec 27 All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no Contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed
Sec. 28. All ordinances orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect ant * n n °t in _:
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest , re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses ottne
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the Cit> ana
County for any one year they must M
ordinance passed Ly th- affirmative Tote
of not less than fourteen membeis v.
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for sucn
purpose to the electors of the City ana
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for tne
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same and
to the time when and the kind or
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro*
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board or
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he Is a member of such Board, op
for one year thereafter.
Sfc. 32. No member of the Board oi
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or Indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member: and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General- Fund
created by this Charter. Out of thepaid General Fund shall be paid, as In I
th>s section hereinafter provided, all |
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except |
such expenses as are by this Charter J
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided fur the payment of such ex-
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year
f nineteen hundred, each and every of
said departments shall expend the
moneys sel apart to each of them by
the Hoard of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. Bo much of said moneys
set apart by s*«id Hoard of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets.
Highways and Squares for the fiscal
year ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
shall remain unexpended at the time
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex
panded during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
its eharpe. All the expenses of the City
and (■unity which are not to be paid out
of Specific fund? shall be paid during
BaM six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
lsting municipality to any department
of the City and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
ths, or should any department cre
by this Charter have no money
[flcally provided for it during said
■ \ months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be pnid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained In sections six and
seven of Chapter I of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article TX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is the existing municipality of the City
and county of San Francisco, and the
several funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law. shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity 'or their continuance ceases.
Sec. 3S. "When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes •■ffect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, tho Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred _to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papera of ge-eral c rcr.lr.tion in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
<lay, fur the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first, day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of Sen Francisco, and shall
supersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at sal: election
shall be as follows:
for the; new charter, y~s.
FOR THE NEW CHARTZR, NO.
For the tele purposes of the election
of the officers directed 1n this Charter
to be elected by tho p- ->ple, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officer i shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by th»
Board of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of thf» i
Mayor elected under this Charter mak-
Ing the appointments provided in this '■
Charter to be made by hi-i. and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter take effect '■
on the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and :
County of San Francisco, containing a '
population of more than two hundred ;
thousand on the twenty- !
seventh day of December, in the year I
one thousand eight hundred "and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State* did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for j
■aid City and Count}'; and we. the i
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
said City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
«lnety-elght.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
JAMES BUTLER.
H. N. CLEMENT.
A. COMTE, Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGE>
L. R. ELLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE. Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN.
JOSEPH O'CONNOR.
LIPPMANN SACHS.
EDWARD R. TAYLOH.
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD.
Secretary.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April, 1898.
!su .M c Tu. We
_
3 I i 6 ~T
10 ii ; ,ai IT
17 13 1» 20 |
124 IS IVi 27
Th.
T
U |
1
8
ttj
2 l/j>, Full Moon.
™ April 0.
_L -w-Last Quarter
16 I'ii. April J3.  ,
i _
! ~~ZT ! f^L New Moon,
!— |W April 20.
Moon's Phases.
, 8U
»'
First Quarter,
April '."<.
I
I
WHENCE '"A MIC THE GORDONS?
Blackwood's Magazine.
In the absence of definite data one is
eft to ground a theory of the initial in
spiration of the Gordons on the undlsput- ]
ed tradition of their French origin. In '
c Department of Lot, in the southwest
"f France, there is townlet of 300 souls,
Btill known, like the Kincardineshire fish- i
!tiK village, by the name of Gourdon. I
1 ran. ■ to this day that Gourdon I
IB the seat of a great hidden gold treas
ure, which King Clovis buried there in
"11. A chance find in 1542 gives some cre
dence t" the belief. At any ra^ it might
be taken as symbolic of the gift of the
of men which France made to this
country.
The Province of Aquitaine, in which
Gourdon is a tiny dot, was just the place
to breed a hardy, adventurous race, for It
bad loiiK been the battle ground of
Southern France, swept by successive r
hordes from the north. As early as the
eighth century a Duke of Gourdon was
Constable of France, and the town
touched English history when Richard
the Lion fell at Chalus by the hand of a
■oldler caned Bertram de Gourdon.
In the fourteenth century suits of ar
mor often weighed 175 pounds and
over.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMART.
Silver unchanged.
No Grain markets.
Summer Vegetables firmer.
Some changes in Potatoes ami Onloni
Butter steady. Egg* lower.
Poultry In good shape.
Strawberries in small receipt.
Dried Fruit still dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs weak and quiet.
Coal lower again.
Rice advanced.
Twenty failures last week.
THE WEEKS FAILURES.
i The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 20
' failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories, as compared with 29 for the previous
week and 18 for the corresponding week of 1597.
The failures for the past week are divided
among the trades as follow*: Two notions. 1
' carpenter and builder. 1 varieties, 1 restaurant.
. 1 commission produce. 1 stationery Mid Jewelry.
, 1 stone contractor, 1 boots and shoes. 1 hotel.
, 3 saloons. 1 grocer, 1 manufacturer's agent, 1
! teas and coffees. 2 dry goods, 1 men's furnish
ings, 1 general store.
PUBLIC DEBT AXD CASH.
The following is a statement of the public
debt and the cash in the Treasury of the
United States at the close of business March
31, received from Secretary Gage: * Interest
bearing debt, |g47,586,680; debt on which inter
est has erased since maturity, «,253,780; debt
bearing no Interest, $388,182,884; certificates and
Treasury notes, offset by an equal amount of
cash in the Treasury. $577,402,933; aggregate of
debt. $1,812,286,227. Compared with the state
ment issued February 2S the figures show a de
crease of certificates and Treasury notes
amounting to f7,860.00<i ami a decrease ,in the
aggregate debt of {8,635,125. The cash in the
Treasury at the date mentioned was: Gold, 1
$210,903,334: silver. $012,432,531; paper. $57,515,324;
bonds, minor coin, fractional currency, etc.,
$32,644,274; aggregate -v - ♦•». Tlie oash 'fi
ance in the Treasury February 2S was $223,
564,203, and on March 31. $226,166,943. showing an
Increase during the month of f 602,739. • £.'2?
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at stnti^n indicate minimum temperature
fur the days: those underneath it. if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth* during the i ast twelve h.>'jrs.
Is'.'tmrs, or sjlid linos, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. Tho word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low prea-
Fure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appoar en the Washington coast When
the pressure Is hlph In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars* extend n jrth
and south a'.onß the coast, rain is probable;
bat when thf "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April S. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall during the past
twenty-four hours:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 30.91 47.66
Red Ruff 0 12.30 23.88
Sacramento 0 8.87 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.56
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
San Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 6.26 16.74
San Diego 0 . 4.10 11.66
Yuma 0 1.65 b.K
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 62;
minimum, 4b; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The area of high pressure which was last
evening central on the California coast has
moved eastward and Is now central In North
ern Utah and Idaho. The pressure Is now
falling quite rapidly In Western Oregon and
along the Northern California coast. This will
cause cloudy weather throughout the greater
portion of Northern California and rain from
the vicinity of Point Arena and Colusa north
ward.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending Midnight, April 9, 1898:
Northern California — Fair in southeast por
tion; cloudy and probably occasional showers
in northwest portion Saturday; cooler in the
interior of north portion; fresh southwest
wind.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; fresh
westerly wind. .
Utah- Fair Saturday: warmer.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Generally cloudy
Saturday; fresh southwest wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear; wind weßt. 2 miles per hour;
temperature, 59; maximum temperature, 63.
\V. H. HAMMON.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April B.— The Stock Exchange
was open to-day for the first time on Good
Friday in over thirty years. When it was de
cided on Tuesday evening in response to a mo
tion to forego the usual holiday. It was ex
pected that the President message would
be presented to Congress on Wednesday, and
that by Friday the shock of war might have
come. The rescinding of the motion was dis
cuts.-l when the postponement of the Presi
dent's message was announced, but no action
was taken. As the event ha* proved, there
was no disposition •to trade, even yesterday,
the elements preferring to wait for the devel
opment of the situation. As for to-day mar
ket, business was trivial in amount and fluc
tuations were totally without significance. As
foreign exchanges were all closed it was sup
posed there might be some business. A large
number of brokers shut up their -offices and
went home when they ' perceived the condition
of affairs. Those who were left on the floor
devoted their principal energies to sportive de
vices and tricks 'of hazing upon the board
member whose motion was responsible for de
priving them of their usual holiday. Prices
drifted aimlessly below last night's, close and
closed above the lowest, but at fractional net
losses Quotations both In the money and ex
change markets were merely nominal, but a
small additional engagement of gold for im
port was sufficient to indicate that the tide
of the precious metal has not changed. , <■•;»,
Bonds were almost stagnant, ' but showed de
clines. Total sales, $800,000. United States 4's
coupon lost 1, coupon registered %, the old 4's
registered Vi and the G's %in the bid price.
Total «ales of stocks > to-day were 151,200
shares Including: Burlington. 17.585: Manhat
tan 8419; Metropolitan Street Railway, 6060;
Jersey Central, 3374; Rock Island, ■• 5000; -St.
Paul 20,335; Union Pacific, 15,304; American
Sugar, 48,900. . ''.• '•'. '
CLOSING FTOCKS.
Atchlson ■11% St P & Om 69
. Do pref ........ 25% Do pref ........ 14.")
Baltimore & Ohio ■ 16% St P M & M 130
Canada Pacific ... 80 ■ So Pacific ...'..V... 134
Canada Southern. 46% So Railway ....... 7%
Cent Pacific ...... 12 Do pref .... 26%
Ches & 0hi0...... 19% Texan & Pacific. 10-,
Chi & A1t0n. .....154 Union Pac pref.. 62%
Chi B & Q.-......V 92% V P D & G. ...... 6%
Chi & E111...... &0% Wabash .......:....: 6H
C C C & St L.... 28 Do. pref ........ 15*
-Do pref .:...... 78% Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson .... 108 Do : pref . . ......' ', 8%
: Del L & W...... 144% Express Companies-
Den RG.~.....: 10 Adams Ex .....'.. 100 ':
• Do pref ..;..•• C 43- American -Ex •....: 120 ?•'•
Erie (new) ....... 12% United States .... 38
Do Ist pref .... 33% Wells Fargo ..... 115 >, :
Ft Wayne'..."..... 168 Miscellaneous — -
Gt Nor pref .....148 A Cot Oil ........ lift
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
Hocking Val. ...:.. 5% Do pref ...:.... 68%
! Illinois Cent ..... 99 lAmn Spirits ....: 9"4'
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Do pref. ........ 20
Do pref,.... .6S Am Tobacco 101%.
. ! Lake Shore. 178 Do pref ....:... 115
Louis & Nash..... 49% People's Gas ..... 91%'
Manhattan L ..... si% Cons Gas ...:..:. 177
I ; Met St Ry ,"..:;..-; 138% Com Cable Co ... 150
• Mich Cent .102 Col F & 1r0n..... 18
Minn & St L .23 1 Do pref ........ 90 '
Dp Ist pref .... 78 |Oen Electric- '32%
Mo Pacific Illinois Steel ..... 45
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 Laclede Gas ...... 42 *
Mo K. & . T.. 10% Lead .2?%
Do pref 32% Do pref 103
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil ...... ,14%
I->° pref 23 Or Imp Co „...".. 27%
! X J Central 91% Pacific Mail 24
X V Central .... 110T6 Pullman Pal .....170
i; N V Chi & S L.. 12 Stiver Cert 55%'
Do Ist pref .... 63 Stand R & T.... 3%
Do 2d pref 28 Sugar 188%
; Nor West ; 12% Do pref ........ 107%
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 19%
No Pacific ...... 23 r S Leather ..... -5%
' Do pref ........ 61% :Do pref ........ Tf •
Ontario & W Hi* U S Rubber ....... 16 1
Or R & Nay 43 Do pref 64
Or Short Line ... 27 West Unldn ..... 85%
Pitts-burg .168 Chi & N W 118%
Reading 16%| Do pref 172%
Do Ist pref .... 39 =!t L & S W -4%
Rock Island 85% Do pref'.. 9%
St L& 8 F...... 6i* R G V,' ..t 23
Do Ist pref .... 55 Do pref .......: 54
i Do 2d pref .... 25% Chi G W -.10%
St Paul ssii Haw Com Co 23
Do pref 141%
' CLOSING ONDS. ■■■-•'■■'//•> '■'■'
D S new 4s reg..121% X Carolina 65.... 122%
Do coupon 121 Do 4s „. 100
• U S 4s 1091* No Pac lsts . . 112
Do coupon 111% Do 3s ,58%
Do 2ds ' 97 Do 4s 92%,
! U S 5s res. 112'/- N V C & S L 45.. 101%
Do 5s coup 112 U. Xor & W 6s .120
i District 3.Ci>s 113 " Northwstrn cons. 144 .
; Ala class A 108% Do deb 5s 116
Do B 10S% O Xav lets ....... 115 !
Do C KG O NaY .*.*. .92%
Do Currency ... 86 OS Line bs tr.... 119 ■
' , Atehlson 4s 87' i 0 S Line os tr.... 99%
Do ad] 4s , 55% O Imp lsts tr.... 108
i Can So 2da 106 Do 5s tr ........ 54>/.'
Chi Term 4s 57% Pacific 6s of 95... 103 "
C & Ohio 5s 113 Reading 4s 80 .
CHAD *%5.... 104% ]R G W lsts 81 "
D & R Q lsts.... 10$ SL & I M C 55.. 86%
i D & R G 45.....; S9 SKi & S F G 65.. 116
! East Term lsts.. 105 St P Con 140
i Erie Gen 4s 63% St P C & P lsts.. 119%
j F W & D lsts tr. 67 Do 5s 114%
I Gen Elec 5s 101 ,So Ry 5s 89%
! G H & S A 65.... 102 Stand R & T 6b.. 65
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 35.. 85
'II A TC 5s 110 T & P L G lsts.. 99
| Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2ds 31 .
, lowa C 15t5....... 97% [* P D & G lsts... 53
I>a new cons '5... 974'Wab Ist 5s 106%
L & X Unt 45.... 86% Do 2ds 77>i
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107%
M K& T 2ds 60 Va Centuries ... 65%
Do 4s 86% Do deferred ... 3
:N V Central Ist*. 115 V P pref ........ El
N J Css 11l U.P 4s ...'.. 90%
MINING STOCKS. .
1 Chollar 40 Ontario .'.'........'. " 2 50 :
Crown Point 22 Ophlr .V.'... ■..:.'.... SO I
Con Cal & Va... 7* Plymouth ' OK
1 Peadwood 76 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry 22 ! Do pref • 200
Hale & Norcross. 1 20 Sierra Nevada .. 1 95
Homostake 37 00 1 Standard .'...175
Iron Silver SO.Union Con .43
Mexican 30 1 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April S.— Atchlson. 11; Bell Tele
phone. 245; Mexican Central, V*.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
XKW YORK. April S.— FLOT'R— Receipts,
21.21.1 barrels; exports, 44.21.* barrels. Inactive,
but flrmer; Minnesota patents. $."■ 10fg5 60.
WHEAT— Receipt*, 111,000 bushels; exports,
162. bushels. Spot' firm, but- a good. outport
trade reported; No. 2 red. $1 04Vi f. o. b. afloat.:
Options were strong:, but rather quiet from
start to finish to-day. Shorts were the buyers,
alarmed over the extraordinary export demand
for all grain, unfavorable California crop news
and the bis. Jump in Corn. Prices closed at
top and K@l%C over last nl<rht; No. 2 red
May. $1 01©l 01%, closed *1 01>-.. ■
HOPS— Steady. . : :■-:<- -•" .,'.'■
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII. • , . :
PIGIRON— DuII; Southern, $9 75510 75; North
ern, ?10 50<g12. '■ '
COPPER— Quiet; brokers'. $11 S7V4. •
. LEAD — Quiet; brokers', $3 oQ. ■:■
TlN— Plates, dull.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, with
prices 10T/25 points net higher. • Sales, 14.250
bags, including May, $5 70©6 95. Spot Coffee—
Rio. market llrm: No. 7 invoice, t>*ic: No. 7
Jobbing, 7 1 <ie: mild, firm; Cordova, 8%©17 c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 06 test, 4V*c; refined, .firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 8172 packages. : Western
creamery, 15@22c; Elglns. 22c: factory. .l2Vsi?l6c
EGGS— Receipts, 16,694 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, l(KglO!4c; Western, lOVic;
Southern, 9?i@loc. *i*"3 <:i ' ■: . US
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. April B.— California Dried
Fruits, steady. '
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 5@74c;
prime wire tray, Sc: wood • dried . prime, SVic;
choice, 6>4c; fancy. 9@9»4c. .
PRUNES— 3%(S7%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 6%@"c; Moorparks, 5%@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Sc; peeled, ll@l4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April S— The opening in wheat
was steady. July starting at S3"fc@S4c. about
where it left off yesterday. The closing of the
Liverpool and Continental markets and nearly
all the principal domestic exchanges took
away from the market half of the usual spec
ulative motive, and the pit at the opening
and for that matter during most of the ses
sion, was not more than half filled. Enough
bullish news was to hand to cause a moder
ate demand to cover short contracts, ami as
offering's were even scarcer than buying orders,
the market for a time moved upward. July
advancing to M«<S4Vs»c from BS%QU|fcc, where It
had sold immediately after the opening. Crop
news from California was fully as unfavorable
as yesterday but outside of this reports were
generally favorable. The figures on the Ar
gentine weekly shipments depressed the mar
ket for a time. Shipments last week were re
ported at 1,572,000 bushels, an Increase over the
previous week, and this fact caused a little
more selling pressure, putting the price back
to 83Hc. After that, however, the market
ruled strong to the end. The Cuban situation
so long a depressed factor in wheat, has now
apparently become a bullish influence. Many
traders, especially among the shorts, expressed
the belief thin hostilities would result in an
advance to prices and acted according to their
belief. Additional strength was given the
market late in the day by the advance which
was taking place In corn, causing more or less
sympathetic buying and sustaining prices
against the occasional pressure in the profes
sional shorts and the Inevitable liquidation
which comes on the market during periods of
dullness. The demand Improved during the
afternoon, the market becoming quite strong
under moderate general buying. July finally
advanced to t>i%<asV/hc and closed firm at
84% c.
There was quite a brisk demand for corn
and the market was strong all day. May
closed %c higher.
Oats dull but firm. May closed %c higher.
Provisions were decidedly dull. Hog prices
were responsible for an opening decline In
provisions, packers being the sellers early. The
strength of corn and reports of large Govern
ment inquiries for products caused a better
demand later and the decline was recovered
The close was steady. May pork unchanged 1
May lard a shade higher and May .ribs 2HC
higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
■ Wheat, No. 2—
May 105 1054 104% 105
July .H 84% 83% 84%
September :.. 76% 77% 76% 77%
December 76% 78y» . 76% 7S
Corn, No. 2— "
May 29% 30 29% 30
July ......... 30% 31% 30% 31%
September 31% 32% 31% 32%
Oats, No. 2—
May 25% 25%. 23% 23%
July •••••••• •• , 23 % ; ' 23% 23% 23%
■ Mess Pork, per bbl—
May ..9 75 ; 985 975 9 82%
July .........9 85 995 9 85. 9 92>!i
La rd, per 100 lbs— - ;-, . . *"
May .........1..... ..5 17% 520 5 17% sm:
July ......5 22* 5 27% 5 22& 525
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ...
May ...5 20 520 5 17% C 17U
July... -.5 20 ,-. 5 27% 5 20 7 523 •
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady. No. 3 spring. Wheat, 90@94%c: No 2
red. . $1 03%#l 04; No. 2 Corn, 30c; No 2 Oats
2G%c; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 30c; No. 3 whit.-'
f. o. b., 25"525% c; No. 2 Rye, 51% c: No. 1 Flax
seed, M 25%; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 75@2 80'
Mess Pork, per barrel, $9 80<g9 85; Lard -per
100 pounds, $5 15@5 17%; Short Rib Sides, loose
$5 0696 35; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, iV&,
4%c;-. Short Clear Sides, boxed, $5 35®f. 45-
Whisky, distillers' finished goods,- per gallon,'
Articles— / ' . - Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels ....;.. 6,000 16 000
Wheat, v bushels 39,000.' 224000
Corn, bushels ........... ;... 217,000 361*000
Oats, bushels ................162,000 - 547*000
Rye, bushels ...........3,000' °VIWUV IWU
Barley, bushels ............. 17,000 /. "lblooo
On the Produce : Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 15@21c- dairies
Il@lßc. Cheese, quiet; B®BVic. Eggs, steady'
fresh, 9%c _. , • - * •
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. '
_.■■■' - Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— . - Bushels. Bushels
Minneapolis ■:...... ■ -
Duluth ...:......?:..:.. .. , ' •''■'••
Milwaukee. ...:..•.....:...•.';■."...* 7,130 - " '2 600
Chicago .......;.;......... 39.274 .-V. : 224135
Toledo .....'12.241: ' ' -2 300
St. Louis-.......: 10,000 : r'ooo
Detroit :...-..... ...v 3.611 . • "497
Kansas City '....: •"...... 16,000 ';■.' '21,500
, Totals 88,276 -. 266.032
Tidewater- . • .' ' -' v „
Boston ■......'. .'.;'..;".:...". 1'.:..^.' 39,950 ' ' ■ (3 804
New York r...:....T..~;/........111,000 162 814
Philadelphia ....„ «^."
Baltimore-. : -• .'■ ' .......
New Orleans — ....... ;....,;
Galveston .*.: .'....•..:..... 11,100/, : 600
. Totals ......:......'....:.....;...'■.. T......
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET. ;
CHICAGO, April B.— CATTLE— Were in good
demand at ■ steady prices; beef • steers " sold ' at
$4 4O'g't> 10, and fed Westerns at $4@5 15; stock
ers and feeders, $4@4 80; canning cows/ $2 50©3;
fat cows and heifers, [$3 25Q4 50. "' ;".":.' ••' "•*•.- :
HOGS— Were steady with a fairly active de
mand; common to prime Hogs, $3 70<&4 05;
prime light selling 15c under the best heavy;
pigs sold at $3 7OI&3 85.
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Were active; Lambs,
shorn. $4 60©6; unshorn, $5 lo©s 80; shorn
Sheep, $4 25® 4 tw; wooled flocks, $4 60@4 75 for
fair to prime; shorn yearlings, n 60@4 70;
wooled yearlings $4 75<ga 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; Hogs, 20,000; Sheep,
5000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April! B.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1800;
market steady to lower; native beef steers,
»4<gs 10: Western steers, $3 7u(S4 70; Texas
steers, $3 25 ij * -5; ci.ws and heifers, $3 25(6 4 36;
canners, %2 SS@S; stockers and feeders, $3 "><g
5 10; calves, $4 2;>&6 75; bulls, stags, etc., $2 SOfci
3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts, 3100; market steady to
caller; heavy, J3 G5(53 77V4; mixed, $3 70W3 72*4 ;
light. $3 62'-<(si3 76; bulk of sales, $3 70<g3 75.
SHEEP— Receipt*, 2000; market stronger; fair
to choice natives, $3 80<g4 80; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 7»'S4 70; common and stock Sheep,
$3(f<4 15; Lambs, $4 50® 5 70.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. April B.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4700; fed native Cattle steady; bulk sold at
$4 4U<s'4 90; Western steers active at J4'§/4 70;
Western cows and heifers, $3 60© 4 10; natives,
$2 .'in',) 4 M; stockers and feeders, $3 50(g3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 15,600; steady; bulk of sales,
$3 60^3 75; heavies, $3 7. r .<&3 87 >*; medium and
mixed, *3 65<&3 80; lights, $3 55@3 75; pigs, $3 25C ff
3 CD.
SHEEP- Receipts. 2000 head; Sheep generally
6910 c higher at $4®4 75: whole Lambs supply
was from Colorado and brought $5 30*35 50.
;; v: DENVER.
DENVER, April B.— CATTLE— Receipts, 700;
market steady: beef steers, $3 50@4 40; cows,
$2 50® 3 80; feeders, freight paid to river, $4@:
4 40; stockers, freight paid to river, $4@4 60;
bulls and stags. $2*53. • ■ .
■ HOGS— Receipts. 100; market steady; light
packers, $3 70fn3 75; mixed, $3 65@3 70; heavy,
$3 6098 75. ,•;. • - .
SHEEP— Receipts, none; market unchanged.
THE CURRAI. MARKET.
NEW YORK, April S.— The- competition of
California - seedless and . sultana raisins, it Is
reported, has during the past season materi
ally curtailed consumption of Grecian currants,'
which notwithstanding the comparatively low
prices made have been neglected to a consid
erable extent by consumers, who have given
preference to the cheaper California product.
Late advices from Patras report an easier feel
ing there, as the demand has not come up to
expectations, and supplies in primary markets
are still comparatively large. The European
demand has been only average, while trade
with the Cnited States has been reduced, owing
to ihe competition of California goods above
referred to. It Is stated that one of the rea
sons why Greek currants have failed to hold
their own against California competition is
that so much haste has been made to get new
stock here early that goods have been shipped
long before they were In proper condition.
Prominent Importers have forwarded to Greece
a rotest against the shipment of improperly
cured fruit. At the present time the feeling
here Is unsettled In sympathy with consider
able advices from Greece, and in consequence
of the sharp competition ' California products
in a dull market. At the same time holders of
currants do not seem willing to make import
ant concessions.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSIY tit, April S.— The Boston Commercial
j Bulletin will say to-morrow of the Wool mar
| ket: The market continues to mnnlfest general i
dullness throughout. The only sales made are
; from the bargain counter. Sales of mothy i
j fleeces and two-year-old territory Wool fill up
. the domestic side, and the larger sales of for
| eign are almost wholly composed of a few
j blocks of South American and Australian Wool I
j held by outside speculators, who are weary of '
I holding for a further rise. The sales are at
, concessions from recent dates, but the lots were •
! quickly picked up by regular dealers, who view
j the situation with much confidence. The sales ■
1 of the week were <;.".2,000 i>ounds domestic and
I 751.000 pounds foreign, against 34.910 pounds
domestic and 22.573 pounds foreign lor the same
i week last year.
The sales to date show a decrease of 36,993, 900
! pounds domestic and 34,615.300 pounds foreign
I for the corresponding date In 1597. The receipts
, to date show a decrease of 29,172 bales domestic I
i and 122,338 bales foreign.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, April B— ln the absence of for
eign advices to-day the local wheat dealers
were not Inclined to follow the advance In
Chicago, and the market was quiet. Quotations
are tlrm at 79 to 80c for Walla Wulla, and 81
@S2c for valley and bluestem.
Cleared— British ship Devonby Hall for
Queenstown with 113,661 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April V -WHEAT— Receipts heavy,
but prices are firmly held. No. 1 club, SOc; No.
1 bluestem, 83c.
DRY GOODS MARKET.
NEW YORK. April B— The attitude of the
dry goods market is still awaiting on war
matters, which Ftill engross the attention of
buyers and sellers to a large extent and the
former are slow to do trading in any line.
The attitude of the sellers is also a waiting
one. Staple cottons are the subject of slightly
better demand.
CASH IN TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, 1224,860.696; gold reserve
|!75,093,249.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, April B.— Exchanges, $312,281;
balances, $38,058.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. April B.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to
morrow: When everybody Is asking whether
It Is to be war or peace the state of business
Is not easy to Judge. Since nobody can Judge
Just how wise bankers may be In an emergency,
there Is some uncertainty, but thus far scarce
ly any stoppage whatever of manufacturing
concerns appears, nor any Indications that the
producing force is likely to be diminished, nor
Is any such symptom to be seen In business re
ports. Evidence of existing conditions Is not
confusing, nor unfavorable. So far banking
conservatism has not caused failures, which
continue smaller than for many years, as In
Marcn, nor has it caused stoppage of any man
ufacturing concerns, nor lessened the volume
of business reported by railroads In tonnage
or clearings at principal points.
The wheat outgo counts for much and con
tinues, Atlantic exports having been 2,241,217
for the week, ugainst 1,521,122 last year, and
Pacific 1,226,574 bushels, against 447,585 last
year. Since corn exports continue 3.483.C50
bushels, against 3,323,277 last year, the strength
of the demand could not be attributed to spec
ulative agencies. It Is fortunate that Western
receipts of wheat do not fall short of the ex
traordinary gain, but are still 1,901,315, against
1,789,110 last year, so that the stories of the
nearly exhausted supplies of wheat are fables
for children. The price rose steadily and
closed 2c higher for wheat, with corn 1c
higher.
Every industry meets enormous over-produc
tion, compared with corresponding demands In
any other year, however prosperous, and yet
nearly all are keeping almost their whole force
employed, and some are Increasing force in
one branch of woolen manufacturers. Two car
pet mills have stopped, or are about to stop,
as it is between seasons, but much complaint
of cancelation because of higher prices and
possibility in some cases because of inferior
qualities has not been followed by reduced
production. Sales of wool are insignificant
and prices have declined 2c for finer grades,
and over 1 cent in the average for all quota
tlcns, only because speculators wholly under
estimated stocks held by manufacturers. In
the Iron and steel industry, with demands
greater than ever before from general sources,
urgent orders from the Government enlarge
work, but do not advance prices.
Disasters in trade, shown this week by sepa
rate branches of business for the month of
March, and also the first quarter of 1898. make
the best report that has been possible for five
years. It is interesting to note that nearly all
branches of business show surprising mo\e
ment. Meanwhile bankß are extremely cau
tious and commprcial loans are but 10 per
cent of their aggregate. The belief that quick
expansion in all branches would follow greater
liberality and patriotism by the banks Is not
wholly unfounded, and the heavy receipts ot
gold from Europe count for little, compared
with the greater or less liberality in loans »,,
banks. Disturbance does not yet appear, how
ever, and failures for the week have been 232
in the United States, against 252 last year, and
32 In Panada against 36 last year.
PARIS, April B.— The Bourse to-day opened
heavy. Spanish * s a sain fe H- but a better feel-
Ing supervened. The closing, however, was
dull.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK. April B.— Eradstrect's to-mor
row will say: A sensible quieting of demand
for staple geods is perceptible in the various
detailed trade reports coming to hand this
week. At the East the drift of matters affect
ing our foreign relations has been such as to
discourage new business, but this tendency has
been considerably accentuated by untimely
cold weather, which has checked the usual
Easter demand to a considerable extent. Re
ports from the West are that the heavy rush
of spring business is about over, and that or
ders coming now are of a fllllng-ln character.
Here attain reports of unseasonable weather
are met with. A fairly good business Is re
ported at th» South, but a slight check to our
export trade is reported, growing out of the
raising of Insurance rates consequent on the
disturbed foreign outlook. Frost Is reported
to have done considerable damage to the
peach and other fruit -crops of the South and
to early planted tobacco. A fairly satisfactory
trade is represented at the Northwest. Lake
navigation is now open and anticipation is
that a prosperous year's business will be done.
Rather less activity is noted in most or the
country's great staples. Cotton goods have
moved fairly well, ginghams especially being
In excellent demand, and except for low-grade
cOjttons, notably print cloths, which have made
a new low price record of 2c per yard this
week, the situation is as favorable as could
be expected. Wool is dull, reflecting uncer
tainty as to future business and unsatisfactory
margins of profit.
The iron trade continues to report a large
volume of business being done, but it is be
coming evident that this is chiefly upon orders
previously booked. Engagements for future
work have diminished alike in number and
volume, particularly in the East, pending the
outcome of foreign complications.
A feature of trade at leading cities this week
is the active business in bicycles in Chicago
and New York, where sales are the largest on
record. St. Louis reports boot and shoe ship
ments for the Quarter as heavy as before at
this time.
Wheat shipments, including flour, this week
are slightly larger than thoße of last week ami
considerably in excess of last year, aggregat
ing 3.773.726 bushels for that period, against
3.350.664 bushels last week. 2,036.000 bushels in
the week a year ago. 1.P64.000 bushels in 1896
and 2.934,000 bushels in 1R95.
Business failures in the United States this
week numbered 220, against 226 last week. 232
In the corresponding week of 1597, 230 in 1596
and 22f> in 1886,
Business failures this week in the Dominion
of Canada numbered 38, against 88 last week.
32 in the corresponding week of 1897, 30 In 1596,
26 in 1595 and 38 in 1894.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. April B.— Rradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Speculation has
been extremely nervous and irregular within
narrow limits on the critical appearance of our
relations with P^aln. The situation in this
respect keeps the public out of the market
and the speculators have been cautious and
quick to change their position. Liquidation
has apparently been thorough and complete
and stocks are largely in strong hands, so that
the floating supply is comparatively small. On
the other hand, successive covering movements
on reports of settlement or' compromise of the
differences between Spain and the United
States have reduced the short interest, which
was quite large last week. London has done
little here, but our market situation is watched
with close attention, as indeed it is by the local
public, and the resistance offered to bear sell
ing from time to time creates the impression
that the latent purchasing power is laige and
requires only a definite development of the gen
eral situation to assert itself with some force.
At the same time prices during the latter por- I
tlon of the week suffered from the feeling of j
some suspense caused by the withholding of
the President's message on Cuban affairs, and
the tendency of the market, in spite of rallies
on the short interest, was to sag irregularly
lower. The feeling of uncertainty about the
possible developments and their effect is shown
by the fact that the usual decision to close
the Stock Exchange for Good Friday was re
scinded and the market was in session to-day
for the first time upon that day in a genera
tion. No attention has been paid to develop
ments in regard to railroad earnings or other
matters of importance and the tendency of
prices was influenced but little either by the
conservatism of leaders or the high figures
at which time money is held by the decided
break in exchange.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, April B.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-eight cities for the week ended
April 7, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Per Cent.
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 778,008,274 45.6
Boston 104.115.5H5 .... 2.3
Chicago lii), 741, 442 21.9
Philadelphia 77,226,!M'.t 9.0 . .
St. Louis 26.542.913 10.7
Flttsburg 21.540.181 4H.7
Baltimore 18,454,670 15.0
San Francisco 1G.31«3.>>34 29.0
Cincinnati 13,129,050
Kansas City 10.525.673 .... 1.8
New Orleans 6,521,780 9.9
Minneapolis 6,389,945 5.6
Detroit 6.134,658 21.8
Cleveland 7,167.234 18.0
Louisville 7,014.'>!>S 7.6
Providence 4,907,800 12.9
Milwaukee 4.576,847 ... 3 5
St. Paul 3.394,177 22.8
Buffalo 4,076,919 7.3
Omaha 5,841,134 40.0
Indianapolis 5,093,648 20.0
Columbus, 0 4, 392, W00 11.4
Savannah 1,80W,619 162
Denver 2.761,890 13 1
Hartford 1,871.077 34.8 . .
Richmond 2.526.411 46.8
Memphis 2.360, 152 lit. B .. .
Washington 2,313,87 a 3 5
Peorla 1,694.994 11.1
Rochester 1. 982,277 29.4
New Haven 1,898.012 20!3 '..,'.
Worcester 1,431.245
Atlanta 1,469,529 7 0
Salt Lake City 1.615.799 13 •>
Springfield. Mass.. 1.475.311 6.5
Fort Worth 1,826.693 37 8
Portland, Me 1.4b2,765 4 8
Portland, Or .- 2.124,308 88.3 '...'.
St. Joseph 2,046.007 56.9
Los Angeles 1.670,390 22 7
Norfolk 998.441 13.0
Syracuse 1,02,3 a 16.6
Dcs Moines 1.622,6*) 42.1
Nashville 1,367,594 12.6
Wilmington, Del... 857.752 20 7
Fall River 7R0.601 5.9
Scranton 9-ft,l7S 12.9
Grand Rapids 5M.214 23.2 .'.".
Augusta, Ga 571.797 20 3
Lowell 6.(3,488 .... 21 1
Dayton, 0 789, 751 9 8
Seattle 1,878,909 243.7 .'.'.'.
Tacoma 994,780 114.2
Spokane 919,004 09 2
Sioux City 871.160 9.9 .'.' .
New Bedford 670,116 37. S
Knoxvllle, Term... 525. r.'i: 9 0
Topeka 4.'7,569 54. S ....
Birmingham 449,517 n.i
Wichita 425,274 3.6
Binghamton 405. .".00 9.7 ....
Lincoln 461.317 12.8
Lexington. Ky 487,381 20.9
Jacksonville, Fla.. 259,837 9.4
Kalamazoo 294.906 22.5
Akron 319,000 lfi 2
Bay City 219.024 22.3 '.'.'.'.
Chattanooga 447,000 64.9 ....
Rockford, 111 236.508 22 2
Canton, 0 329,900 37.0
Springfield, 0 192,913 30 6
Fargo, N. D 227.679 96.4
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 108,765 176 9
Hastings, Neb 131,321 63.7 ....
Fremont, Neb 106,586 92.7
Davenport 1,006,641 416
Toledo 1.600.734 12.6 ....
Galveston 6,90!*, 900 18.4
Houston 6,159,914 22^5
•Waco 270.814
•Macon 629,000
•Evansvllle 741,984
Helena £67,907 .... ****
Totals. XJnlted
States 11.251, 207,662 26.3
Totals, outside
New York.... 403.199.38S .... 90
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal I 11,852. 153
Toronto 8,922,878 22.0
Winnipeg 1.517.511 54.2
Halifax 1,148.527 12 4
Hamilton 762.228 .... 6 2
St. John, N. B 537,823 .... 4^
Totals $ 24,741,150 .... Xo
• Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81#
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84'/s
Sterling Cables — 486
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17ft
Fine Silver, per ounce — 55^
Mexican Dollars 46 46V4
NOTE— The Produce Exchange observed yes
terday as a holiday and was not in session,
hence there are no quotations for grain, mill
gtuffs and the other articles' regulated by the
transactions on 'change.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are easy. Asparagus
and Green P«as are firmer, but Rhubarb Is
weak and in heavy supply.
Tomatoes are weaker, owing to the arrival
of 836 boxes from Mexico.
Mexican Tomatoes, |1 73<g'2 1 and Los Angeles
$1 25@1 50 per box.
POTATOES— Early Rose, 35@50c; River Reds,
r>of£i6oc; River Burbanks, 50&G0e per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50@80c; Petaluma Burbanks, 60
@70c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l 10 for
Merced: new Potatoes, l@2c per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 BOj common, $1 75CF2 25
per ctl; cut Onions, SOcifrll 25 per sack; Aus
tralian. $3 per clt; Nevadas, 12 85.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 764 boxes As
paragus, 472 boxes Rhubarb and 542 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 25 for fancy, $1 50@2 per box
for No. 1, 75c@$l 25 for No. 2; Rhubarb, KOTSo
per box for small to good and $1 for extra
choice; Alameda Green Peas, 2'^@3c per
Ib; Dried Peppers. 6® 7c per lb; Dried Okra,
12ftc; Cabbage, 65@75c per ctl; Carrots, 25<g60c
per sack; Garlic, 10@15c per lb; Cucumbers,
2oc(ffsl per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES-
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per tt> In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated. lfiifflSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new. 18c;
Cabbage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market is In good shape as a rtile, with
few changes, either up or down. Stocks are
well cleaned up.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@12c for Gob
blers and 12613 c for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
U@l6c per It: Geese, per pair, $1 21<gl 75: Gos
lings, |l 75@2 60; Ducke, f3 Bo@s lor old and
$7@B for -young; Hens ' $4@5; Roosters, young.
|7 50@S 50; 'Roosters. • old, J4@4 50; Fryers, $6 M
©7; Broilers, $5 50® 50 for large, $3@4 50 for
•small;. Pigeons, $1 75@2 per. dozen for young
and Jl 25@1 50 for old. -....
.. GAME— Nominal. . .". "
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter market Is In fair condition, cream
ery being wanted for shipment 'and dairy for
packing. '".,;"'■• ■ -.:.'■'*■ ■K^y^-i-vl
' Eggs - are ' lower and stocks show signs of
accumulating. Another car of Eastern has ar
rived.  .„. ' f» •:-';>•. ■
Cheese is unchanged.
BUTTER— .
Creamery— Fancy creameries, lSVi@l9c: sec
onds, 16V4^t Vt%C i " '. ' . • . •. • •
Dairy — Choice to : fancy, . 17®lSc; second
grades, , 14@16c per Ib.
Eastern Butter — Imitation creamery, 16©16^c;
ladle-packed, 15@16c- per Ib. ' . ,
CHEESE — Choice = mild new,' 9@loc: common
to good, 7>,4@S%c; Cream Cheddar. 10(fllc;
Young America, 10@llc; Western. ll@12c; East
ern, l2V4@l3^c per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 13H®14^c per dozen;'
store Eggs, 12V4@13V6c; Eastern, l gl3c. .
DECIDUOUS AND. CITRUS FRUITS.
There is no particular change to report. Re
ceipts of Strawberries continue small. Apples !
and Oranges are still in large supply and easy. '■
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
1 Strawberries, 50c per drawer for large and i
i $1 25 for small berries.
: Apples 40Ci50c per box for common, 7".e@sl
j for good to choice and Jl 25<&1 40 for fancy.
I CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 25®
i 2 25; Seedlings. r>oc@sl: Tangerines. 3J@4oc for
! small boxes; Lemons, 50@75c for common ar.«
; fl-fn 75 for good to choice: Mexican Llnr*.
$4@4 '.0; California Limes, in small boxes. 40© ,
■ 50c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch; Pineapples, i
| $3©4 per dozen.
I DRIED FRUITS, NuTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Beyond the speculative demand for Apricots
already mentioned there is nothing new.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3?i<@> ;
4Vic for 40-r,0 I s. 3Vi@3%c i> 50-60's, 2%@3»,ic ;
for 60-70's. 2V«@2%c for 70-80's, l^^ic for 80- :
90's, lV4@l?ic for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, '
5%@6c; peeled, 10©12Hc; Apricots, s@6&c for !
Royals and 7<S>Bc for good to fancy Moor
parks; Evaporated Apples, 6M;S7c; sun-dried, j
4<gsc; Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2 1 4c; Plums, |
41/i's4^ic4 1 / i's4^ic for pitted and l@lVic for unpitted; i
bleached Plums, s@sUc; Nectarines, 41i'5c for j
prime to fancy; Pears, 2',£<g'4Vsc lor quarters
and 3®s'jc for halves, according to color, etc. i
RAISINS — I',4'fr2c for two-crown, 3c for three- '
crown, 3%c for four-crown, iViC for Seedless
Sultanas, 2-% c for Seedless Muscatels and $1® !
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2Hc
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per !
Ib; Walnuts, o'cfSc for hardshell and 6®7c for !
softsholl; Almonds, 21.&(&34c2 1 .&(&34c for hardshell. s@Cc
for softshell and 7&se for paper-shell; Peanuts, I
4':i~i'-c for Eastern and 4'ic for California; !
Pecans, 6^@Bc; Filberts, S'^'fflOc; Brazil Nuts.
B© 9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, B<f/ 10c for bright and s@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted. 41,4<§;4 I ,4<§;
sc; light amber extracted. 3\@4>»c per It).
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions. The
demand is nothing extra.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9^c per Ib for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, lO&c for light,
lie for extra light and 12Vjc for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lOftOllc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra !
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, JIKSI2; Salt Pork,
$9- extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, $18; mess, i
$16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per Ib.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5^4 per Ib
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%e;
California tierces, 5V4c per Ib for compound
and 6Hc for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7%c; 5-!b tins, Sc.
COTTONLENE— Tierces, 5%i??6%c; packages,
less than oCX) lbs— l-lb pails, bu in a case. B%c; I
3-Ib pails, 20 in a case, B'}gc; 5-lb pails, 12 in a ■
case, SV»c; 10-lh pails, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a ease, 7^e; wooden buckets. 20 j
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half |
barrels, about 110 lt>s, 7V4c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOE AND HOPS.
All descriptions remain as previously quoted, j
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers,' 10c; medium. !>c; light, 9c; Cowhides.
9c; stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides, 16i??16Hc; culls and brands. 13@13V4c;
dry Kip and Veal, -16@16Vic; dry Calf. 18@20c;
culls. 16@17c. Goatskins, 30@37}4c each; Kids,
siiiloc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c per lb;
1 medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
ings, ' 20@30c ; each ; short wool. 40@70c each;
medium, 70(g90c; long wools, 90c@|l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3Vsc per n>; No.
2, 2@2V4c; refined, sc; Grease; 2c. '
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective. 7@
9c: Southern Mountain, 9@llc: free Northern,
12<f?13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per rr>.
HOPS — 1896 crop. 2@6c for poor to fair and
S®loc for good; 1597 crop, ll@l4c per !t>. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
| - There are plenty of Hogs coming in to meet
| all demands. . Small Hogs are weak and not
wanted. Beef and Mutton are unchanged.
: Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: .• r \
I BEEF— First quality. 6%<J?7c; second quality,
6%®6c; third quality, 4<g'sc per lb.
YEAL — Large, 6@6%c; small, 7@7Vic per lb.
MUTTON— 9c; Ewes, BV4@9c per lb.
LA MB— Spring, 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3«4@3%c for large and 4c
for medium; stock Hogs, 2%@3c; dressed Hogs,
6*,@6%c • • ______'
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL — All coal descriptions are down again
to the old figures. Wellington, $8 per ton;
New Wellington. $S; Southfleld Wellington,
$7.50; Seattle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50;
WaUsend, $7 CO; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk
and $11 SO in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Cannel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12
per ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
RICE— Is higher ngain. Chinese mixed. $4 45
fri 4 :>0 per ctl; No. 1, $4 So^4 'JO: extra No. 1,
$5 lSftS ."0; Hawaiian. $5 37Vi@5 50; Japan, $5 25
06 40; Rangoon, $4 75.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and" Fine Crushed. 6Tfec; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. 5»4c; Confectioners' A, 5%c: Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C, 5V 4 c; Golden C. s^c:
Candy Granulated. 5%c; California A. 5Hc per
lb; half barrels, >4c more than barrels, and
boxes \<iC more.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Coal has declined again to the old prices.
There is no change worthy of note In Butter
and Eggs.
Meats and Poultry are about the same as last
week.
Fish is in ample supply at the old prices.
The Summer Vegetables are rather cheaper as
a rule.
Strawberries are still scarce.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ @12 00 i Castle Gate.. ll OOlg)
Wellington . @10 00 Pleasant VI. 11 00©
New Welling- I Southfleld
ton #10 00; Wellington &9 50
Seattle 8 00@ 1 Coos Bay 0 7 60
' Dairy Produce, etc. — ■ ; : '
Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs... .ls®—
square ...... 40®45 Ranch Eggs, - per . vtl'.
Do, per r011;....35®37 ■ dos J 15@20
Do, good ......... 30®— Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10@12' lb : .....,.12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. 15@20 1 Do, extracted... 8&10
Cheese, Swiss ... . .20@30 1
Meats, per pound — "* '
8ac0n '.:..■.■■..'...■.:. 12017 Pork, fresh 12@15
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, " salt lO@l2
Do, good ...'.....'5@10 Pork Chops.... 12@15
Corned Beef $<$ 10 Round Steak 10®—
Ham, Cal ....'. 12Vs(&l?> Sirloin Steak.... 12H®—
Do, Eastern.....— ®ls Porterhouse do 17020
Lard ...... ...... ..12@15 Smoked Beef —#15
Mutton 10@12|Pork Sausages....— ®20
Spring Lamb...... 12@15 Veal ..............'.12@15
Poultry and Game— ■ - , .
Hens, each....- 50® 60 Turkeys, pr lb 16® 18
Young Roost- Ducks, each . . 65@ 90
ers, each 75@1 00 j Geese, each .1 25<S>2 00
Old - Roosters, I Pigeons, pair. 25® 60
each v. ..50® — j Rabbits, ; pair.- — @ 40
Fryers each.. 65® — Hare, each — — @ 20
Broilers, each. .40® 60 1
Fruits and Nuts— _ • v . .
Almonds, 1b. ...... 12@lo Oranges, doz ..15®40'
Apples, 1b... ...... §@ 5 Raisins, lb s@lo
Bananas," d0z. . . . .1a@*0 Strawberries, - pr ■
Lemons, d0z...;..20@25 -basket ...;... ....20@35
Limes, d0z..... ...10@1d Walnuts, 1b.......15@— i
:■ Vegetables— :':: ':- ": .: - ';%v,di':
Asparagus, 1b..... SKIO Dried Okra, 1b....—
Artichokes, ..25@40 Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beets, dos ...12® 15 Peppers, dried 10C<tl2
Beans white, lb. . 4® 5 Potatoes. ;1b.. "..... 2@ 3
Colored, lb .4(^5 Do Sweet — © 3
Lima, ....... $<!$ 6 Parsnips, d0z.;... 15,f(20
Cabbage, : each — s@lo Rhubarb, ; 1b. ..:... 4@ 5
Cauliflowers,- each S@lo Radishes, dz bchs.lO!Sl2
Celery, bunch..:.. 6® — Sags, 1b..... :.:.... 2S<B>3s
Cress," doz bch5...20@25 String. Beans, lb @—
Cucumbers, -dz.. so® \ 00 i Thyme, 1b.... .20@30
Green Peas, 1b.... 4© 5 I Turnips, doz..:;..ir>©2o
Lentils, 1b. ..:.'.. ..6® 8 Tomatoes, 1b.'.....i0@i5
Lettuce, d0z....... 15@20 ' ■  .-_■--- ...
• Fish, per pound — , • ' •
Barracuda ;...".:.:. 12015 Shrimps ........;.. B®lo
Carp-......".....-... 5® 8 Shad ...:........... g(W,io
Codfish B@lo Sea Bass .-. . ; — @—
Flounders ......... 6® 8 Smelts .'...'........i5®—
Herring-...........—®— Soles ......:....:..;— ®io
Halibut r...........12@15 Skates, each....... s<aio
Kingflsh ..........— ®lo Tomcod ;....■..•...i 0@i2
' Mackerel : , . . . .'. . — @ — Clams, r 5ra1 . . . . ;.-,". .— ®50
-'" Do Horse — «— Do hardshell, 100.40i^50
' Perch ;.-. . . .'. ; . .'. . . .10@12 Crabs, 1 each .; . . ... . .10® 15
Pompano 1 60®— jDo softuhell, dz..2j».*i
Rockflsh :. . . . . . 12515 I Mussels, qt ..... . . 10® 12
Salmon, ;• smoked. .2o© — Oysters, Cal, 100. .40®—
Salmon, fresh. . ...12@15 IDo Eastern, d0z..25@40 .
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydroirraphlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are corilally Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained retarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the bulldlnc on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic Blgna! received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time hall was
dropped on time cr giving the error. If any. Is
published the same da*' by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers th<> follow
ing day. W. S. HTTGHRS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights .of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at .Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
~~~~ ~ APBIL-IS9B.
Saturday, April 9. .
Sunrises.... • -...'■ 5:42
Sun sew.... ...•..•.......'. .......... «:•*)
Moon ri5e5. ................ 10:".'4 p.m.
iTlme| Pee t JTlme| Peet {Tlrno; peet JTlrnel Fe<Jt
iH Wi IL W; 'U W L Wl
0:1? s.fi T:lW|— o 51 2:1"/| 4.3 fi:4B 2.9
0:54 ».H 8:0fil — 0.5 3:24] 4.2 7:41 3.1
1:43 5.6 9:0»1— 0.4| t:M 4.1 8:51 3.3
2:45 f1.4 10:15 -0.« 5:55 4.4 10-.IT 3.3
4:U4 5.1 11:24 — U. 2 6:55 4.5 11:44 3.1
5:2 i» 4.8 12:2T 0.0 T:44 «J
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence b.s to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on thu
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of tr- lower low waters.
mi;a>u:ks to arrive.
Steamkk.
m organ v;iiy. . -
Corona
Welllnjrton....
City of Para.. . .
Coos Buy
We«on .......
Empire..........
State or CaL...
Proereso
Chilkat
Pomona ........
Mackinaw
Titan la.
Homer
Walla Wa11a....
Samoa ....
Arciua
Venus ..
North Font —
Santa Ren a. .
| New York
Seattle
Departure Bay
Panama
Newport
HumbcUdt
Coos Bar
Portland
Seattle
Seattle
San Dleg-o
Tacoma
Nanaimo
[Humboldt
I Victoria and PugetSound
iHumboldt
Coos Bar
China ana Japan
HumDoidt
San Dleso
Apr »
Apr 9
Apr 9
Apr !)
Apr 9
Apr 10
Apr 10
Apr 10
Apr 10
Apr 10
Apr U
Apr 12
Apr 12
ADr 12
Apr 12
Apr 12
Apr' l2
Apr U
Apr 14
[Apr 15
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination |
Destination | Sails. | Pikb.
San Die*o .... I Apr 9. 11 am I Pier 11*
Humboldt . . . Apr s«. yam Pier -
PuKOt Sound. Apr 10, in am Pier 27
Vie & Part Sna Apr 11.10 am Pier »
Newport Apr 11. 9 am Pier It
San Diearo.... Apr 12, ham Pier 11
Humboidt ... Apr 12, lOAMiPIor \.i
Mexico Apr 12. 1 pm PMSS
Chlna&Japan Apr 12. aam Pier 1?
HumboMt... Apr 13.11 am Pier 11
Portland Apr 13. 10 am Pier 2*
Coos Bay Apr 18. 10 am Pier 13
Humboldt .... Apr 14. 10 am | Pier 9
Humboldt... Apr 15. lOAMJPIer »
Vie & Psrt Snd Apr lii. 10 am ! Pier 9
Sails.
liHSil
Fork
land..
Coos Bat..
Weeott
Curacao
Peru
ChUkat....
Pomona —
State of Cal
Arcata
Orizaba.. .■. ■
Homer
Walla Wlla
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, I. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
8, 189 S.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. J. t. McMillan,
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCB.
ARRIVED.
Friday, April 8.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg, 10 hours from Albion.
Stmr Orizaba, yon Helms, 13 days frm Guay
mas, via Ensenada and Redondu 57 hours.
Br bark Socotra, Harder, 73 days from Syd
ney.
Sehr Conflanza, Wilson, o days from Coquille
River.
Schr Western Home, Nilsson, 5 days from
Coos Bay.
CLr.VRED.
Friday, April 8.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, Panama, etc; Pacific
Mail S S Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka; Goodall, Perk
ins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Br ship Llndfleld, Paterson, Queenstown ; Geo
W McNear.
Ship Hecla, Nelson, Loring; Alaska Packers'
Ass-n.
Haw ship Fort George, Morse, Chemainus;
Welch & Co.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti; J Pinet &
Co.
Schr Anna, Ipsen, Cooks Inlet and codflshlng;
Pacific Marine Supply Co.
Schr Azalea, Fardelius, Kllllsnoo; H F Al
len.
SAILED.
Friday. April 8.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, Port Harford.
Stmr San Bias ssell. Panama.
Stmr Washtenaw, Oroscup. Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Br ship General Gordon, Worral!, Sydney.
Bktn Chehalls, Simonsen. Columbia River.
Bktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, Tahiti.
Schr Laura May, Hansen, Willapa Harbor.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Volant, Krog, Nehalem River.
Schr Azelea, Fardelius. Killisnoo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 8. 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, lfi miles.
CHARTERS.
The Annie M. Campbell loaJs lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Per Western Home— April 4 in lat 40 58 X,
long 124 45 W, schr Mermaid, with 150 seal
skins.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived April B— Stmr Oregon, fm
Dyea.
Sailed April B— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Arrived April B— Sch La Chilena
hence April 7.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived April B— Br ship
Lyderhorn, from Royal Roads.
OLTMPlA— Arrived April B— Schr Josepfc
Russ. hence March 23.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April B— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
TACOMA— Arrived April 3— Schr Meteor.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April B— Bark
Oregon, hence March 25; bark Alex McNeil, he
March 26.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed April 8 — Schr
Monterey, for Ventura.
EUREKA— Arrived April B— Stmr Samoa, ho
April 7.
TACOMA— Arrived April 7— Bark Gatherer,
hence March 23.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived April B— Pchr
Peerless, from Santa Barbara; bktn Skagit,
from San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived April B— Stmr *'--;raz,.
from Fort Bragg.
SEATTLE— Arrived April B— Ship Louis
Walsh, from San Diego; schr Marion, hence
March 24: schr Beulah, hence March 20; stmr
Protection, from Orca.
Sailed March B— Bark Harry Morse, for St
Michael; stmr Del Norte, for Dyea.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed April B— Schr Me
teor, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 7— Stmr Hermosa,
from Dyea.
Sailed April 7 — Stmr Valencia, for Copper
River: Br bark Allonby, for Queenstown; stmr
Czarina, for Dyea.
SEATTLE— Arrived April B— Stmr Hueneme,
from Dyea.
VENTrßA— Sailed April B— Schr Fannie Du
tard, for Port Blakeley.
CLALLAM— In bay April B— Chil uhlp Hindo
stan, from New What com. for Callao: Br ship
Champion, from Cnquimbo, for Burrards Inlet;
ship Lucile, from Seattle, for Ran Francisco.
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived April 7— Brk Ger
manla. henoe March 19.
SKATTLE — Sailed April B— Stmr Progreso,
for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Barbound April B— Stmr Em
pire.
FOREIGN pot-?;:. .
QTTEENSTOWN— Arrived — Br ship Falls of
Clyde, from Portland; Br ship Foyledale, m
Tacoma.
Sailed April 7— Br ship Fairport, for Liver—
pool. ■:-■-.'.-■ - • ■- •.■■'.
- WESTPORT— Arriv " April 6— bark Bow- 5
man B Law. from Portland. , . -.-.:, - ; . ;
'NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed April 6— Br ship
•Ardencralg. 1 for ■ Sun Francisco. April ,- 7— '
bark Francis Flt_er, for Man. Francisco. ,".- .•>• ;
BARRY— Arrived April 6— Br ship Howth, he
Se^f ".
'■:■: HAVRE— Arrived ADril 7— Br ship Glenirht,
from" Tacoma; Br bark Invergarry, henceNoyi
21: Ger bark Polymnla. from Tacoma. ■ ■-'-■
- LIVERPOOL— Arrived " April . 7— Swed ' ship
Lady Lina.' from Fraser River. - - *
LONDON— Arrived ! April 7— Br ship ■ Blair- '
hoyle. hence Nov 27. . - ... - ..- < ; ■-.
•. FALMOT'TH— SaiIed April 7— ship Balclu
tha. for Havre: Br ship Hyderabad, , for Havre.
HALIFAX— April T— Dutch ; stmr • Al
pha, for Vancouver. ' ••; .■ "■ - .. ■' ■-■--.• ■'... ■-■".
• FALMOrTH-Sallec! • April 7— Br ship I Bor
rowdale. for Ipswich; Russ ship ■■ Endymion,
for Antwerp; Nor ship King Edward, for Ant- .
werp: ■ Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, for Havre. •'•
> LElTH— Sailed • April Nor -bark Nordlyset. 5
for San Francisco. •:■ • . -,; ■■...,- ■ . ;, ■ . -.- ,
: MELBOURNE-=-Sailed : Feb 19— Br ship ' Gre
: nada, for Newcastle, w * to load ' for Queenstown.
HONGKONG— Arrived April B— Br stmr Doric !
, hence ; March - 12, via Honolulu and Yokohama. .
2324
CORONER AND
POLICE WILL
ACT AS ONE
Decide to Exhume the
Remains of Vidal
.Cervantes.
Suspicious Circumstances
Surrounding Her Death
to Be Investigated.
To-Day the Body "Will Be Con
veyed From the Cemetery
to the Morgue.
AUTOPSY WJLL FOLLOW.
If a Crime S : hall Be Discovered a De
termined Effort Will Be M^de
to Find the MurJerer.
After many days of thorough invest
igation into the sudden and mysterious
death of Vidal M. Cervantes, the po
lice and Coroner have decided to ex
humo the body which is buried in Lau
rel Hill Cemetery, and sift the insinu
ations and surmumling facts to the
very bottom. The police and Morgue
officials have delayed the last move
ment in the case for several reasons
best known to themselves, but as time
went by facts presented themselves
which made it necessary to take the
action contemplated.
Without doubt traces of prescribed
morphine will be found upon analysis,
but the opinion of the detectives who {
have been working on the case is that }
a foul deed will be uncovered with the j
removal of the earth which has for
days past covered the remains of an ill
treated woman. According to state
ments made by Coroner Hawkins, the
matter of fully investigating the case
from a medical standpoint was delayed
at the instance of Detective Anthony,
who wished the matter to be kept se
cret until his searches were completed. '>
But the detectives in turn state that
the whole matter rested in the hands
of the Coroner and there the case with
many peculiar circumstances has rest- ;
ed until it was determined to exhume
the remains.
The facts surrounding the case which
have arousui the suspicions of the po
lice have been carefully looked into. In
the first place the woman had been
married but about ten days and was
in a poor state of health at the time
of her marriage. After a few days'
treatment she died and was buried in
less than thirty-six hours, and the ex
ecutors of the estate applied almost im
)■.•■ (lately for the property. The sus
picion of the Police Department was
Amused and in consequence the Cor
oner's office was notified of the facts.
Jj. was hinted that the first wife of
the dead woman's husband had treated
the dying woman, and that within a
few hours after a physician had been
called in she had expired. The cause
was said to be cardiac failure, accom
panied or aggravated by asthma.
A certificate of death was signed by
the attending physician, but was not
countersigned by the Coroner; it was
accept. Hi by the Board of Health, al
though the physician had visited th<?
patient but twelve hours prior to death
and the law requires twenty-four hours'
attendance by the physician signing the
certificate of death. The undertakers*
had promised tho physician that they
would take the certificate to th't<
Morgue to be countersigned, but they
failed to do so.
However, after days of debating be
tween th" Coroner's office and the po
lice headquarters as to who should take
th" Initiative a conclusion has been ar
rived at. and within a day it will be
determned by analysis of th<* stomach
whether or not a party, or parties ars
to be held to answer for the murder ot
Vidal M. Cervantes.
TOURNAMENTS AT
THE OLYMPIC CLUB.
Two tournaments are in progress at the
Olympic Club at present— handball and
pool. The handball tournament is
causing a great deal of dissatisfaction
on account of the dictatorial meth
ods of Howard Taylor, leader of the
club. Hitherto the handball men have
played the tournament matches when it
suited their convenience, and complete
satisfaction resulted. Many matches
have already been played according to
the old system, but Taylor will not allow
them to go on the record. He has set the
time for the tournament games, and he
says they must be played accordingly.
Result, a general and terrifying howl.
The pool tournament has moved alone
regularly during the week, and is now on
Sate r ar r O a d s &£%?*«»• Th Scores to
Grin? 6 : P1^ ed - ww c on - Lo f ;
Cunningham 7 5 0
Martin 7 5 i
Collins 7 2 i
WiUigrod i.'s 5 ; 1
B. Harrison 6 5 1
Byrne ..6 5 ■,
McGibbon ..6 5 1
Pockwltz 7 5 2
James 5 3 2
Hodgkins .....4 2 "2
Feldman ..4 3 \
Nolan : 5 4 .^
THE ACADEMIC FIELD
MEET TO-DAY.
The eighth semi-annual field day of the
Academic Athletic League will bo fought
cut on the Olympic Club grounds this
afternoon. The events are as numerous
almost as the entries.- From the various
schools around the bay large contingents
of athietes will collect and race for
honors.
This city % will be represented by the
Lowell High* School, the Polytechnic and
the Lick High School. Berkeley Oak
land and Alameda will each have Its high
school athletes on deck. Even from Bel
numt, Tkiah and San Jose the youthful
brawn will display Itself. The competi
tion between these various preparatory
schools has never before been keyed ub
to such a tension.
The strongest teams will come from the
Oakland, Luweil, Polytechnic and Berke
ley high schools. The timers are the
must accurate men with the watch
around the bay. Phil Wand will handle
the starting. A large number of univer
•ity men will be present to keep an eye
on promising m<-n.
CRICKET WiLL SOON
BE IN FULL BLAST.
The officers of the Pacific Cricket Club
for the season of 1898 are as follows:
President, Captain John Metcalfe; vice
presidents— W. Ealnaves and R. C. Med
owmiti captain, E. C. Musaun; honorary.
secretary and treasurer. J. H. Harbour.
The principal players during ■« coming
season will be John Myers, Artnur Dick
enson. Fane Sewell. George Theobald, J.
J. Theobald, Charles B. Hill. W. C. Cas
sidy. J. T. A. Tiedemann and E. P. MUB-
If the Bohemian Club organizes Itself
and ioins the California Cricket Asso
ciation, then the Webster street grounds
at Alameda will be shared by the Pacific
and Alameda clubs: but if me Bohemian
Club fails to et-t an eleven together to
play in the matches for the Hunter Har
rison cup, then the probability is that the
Pacific ciub will practice on the Golden
Gate grounds at Berkeley.
The Alameda Club practiced last Sat
urday on the Webster street "rounds,
and a special card was sent out request
ing all members to present themselves
for practice this (Saturday) afternoon.
The Lakeport Cricket Club held its an
nual meeting on the Ist or April, and de
cided not to Join the California ( rtcket
Association this season. The club has,
however, notified the secretary of the as
sociation of its willingness to aid in get
ting up a team for city vs. country
matches.
FOR INSANE CONVICTS.
Stnts Officials Recommend R Sep-
arate Hospital for Them.
A movement is on foot to petition the
Legislature for an appropriation for the
construction of a hospital for the deten
tion of insane convicts. There was a
meeting of an informal nature yesterday
of several of the members of the State
Commission in Lunacy and the State
Prison Directors, at which there were
sent Lunacy Commissioners W. -F.
Fitzgerald. Attorney-General: Dr. Hatch
and Dr. D. P. Matthews and Prison Di
rectors Robert Fitzgerald, " president;
Hayes. Williams and Ray.
After some discussion of the subject it
wes decided that the prison at Folsom
would be the best place for such a hos
pital as contemplated, the facilities for
building, climate, etc., being duly con
sidered, and io this end the annexed res
olution was passed:
"Resolved, That the Legislature be ur
gently requested to cause to be construct
ed a building to be located at Folsom
State Prison. Sacramento County, Cal.,
for the care and custody of criminal In
sane exclusively."
WILL PROBABLY
NEVER BE SOLVED
Expert Kytka Makes a Report
on the Bogus Jury
Slip?.
Is of the Opini n That None of
County Clerk Curry's Deputies
Wrote the Names.
It is now very probable that it will
never be known how the three bogus slips
got into the jury box in Judge Hunt's?
court. The matter is at present far more
mysterious than it was when the discov
ery of the crooked slips was first made
public.
Theodore Kytka, the hand-writing ex
pert, who was engaged to assist in the
work of finding the culprit, made his re
port yesterday in open court. He said he
had carefully examined the handwriting
on the slips and also the writing of all of
the deputies who had been engaged in tho
work of copying the names from the lists
furnished by the Superior Judges. That
investigation satisfied him that none of
the deputies had written the names on the
crooked slips. He said, however, that the
slips were the same as are used in the
County Clerk's office, and that the Ink
was the same. Inasmuch as slips similar
to those found in the box have betn in
use around the City Hall for years and
that the ink used in the office can be
found all over the city, no importance
coukl bo attached to the statement.
Jude Hunt looked puzzled when he
heard the expert's report and said he had
but little hope of ever getting at the bot
tom of the mystery. "At the next meet
ing of the Judges." he added. " I will rec
ommend that a new system of copying
the names of Jurors on the slips to be
placed In the jury box be Inaugurated. I
will recommend that all of the names be
copied by not more than two deputies,
and that they sign each slip. Then if
anything goes wrong, it will be an easier
matter to trace it."
After the court proceedings Kytka said
County Clerk Curry had offered him ev
en' assistance In hi? work.
"I have gone over all of the books in
tho County Clerk's office," said Kytka.
"and have the writings of all Lie deputies,
and I am satisfied that the name." on the
slips were not written by any deputy in
the office."
Hale & Norcross Case.
There was considerable excitement on
Pine street yesterday caused by the ru
mor that the long-expected decision by
the Supreme Court in the big Halo & Nor
cross suit had been handed down. The ef
fect was that for some reason not fully
understood the shares went down from
$1 GO to about $1, and there was a gen
eral disposition to "unload" large blocks
of that stock. The rumor was without
foundation, so far as the actual handing
down of the decision is concerned, but
there is every likelihood that the decision
has been prepared and will be handed
down to-day. AVhat the verdict will be
none can say, but the rapid downward
tendency of the stock shows that many
had the Idea it was better to be on the
safe side. The clerks in the Supremo
court were kept busy all day answering
that the decision was not yet in.
Used a Hatchet.
Toy Pan was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge
Joachimsen on a. charge of assault to
murder in $2000 bonds. March 18 he struck
Toy You on the head with a hatchet on
Dupont street and nearly killed him.
POLK-STREET HILL NO MORE.
The Improvement Club Wins and Good Streets
and Electric Lights Will Soon
Follow.
Contractors Warren & Malley have begun the long-delayed work of
cutting down the Polk-street hill. It is reported that the hill will be
completely excavated within three or four weeks and that soon after
the Sutter-street Railroad Company will extend its road to the bay.
"This is a great victory for the residents of Pc-lk street, and it really
completes in a large degree the work for which the Polk-street Im
provement Club was organized," said President Val Schniidt of the ex
ecutive committee yesterday.
There is great rejoicing throughout the neighborhood because the
work is being advanced so rapidly. For many months there seemed to
be no prospects that the hill would be removed. The contractors took
the Job at a very low price and refused to proceed with the work until
they had some need for the earth which they excavated. Time and
again they asked for an extension of time, and in every case it was
granted, because the cc-ntractors had taken the work at a rate much
lower than could be secured elsewhere.
Simultaneously with the work of tearing' down the hill and extend
ing the street to-the bay, thereby giving an outlet and a good view, the
Merchants' Association is making every effort to have the cross streets
lighted by electricity. This was one of the chief purposes of the organ
ization, aside from the extension of the street.
There has been a great deal of complaint that the streets in some
places were in bad repair, being full of ruts and otherwise in a bad !
condition. Property-owners are feeling encouraged because the Super
intendent of Streets has promised that all the evils complained of will
be remedied at a very early date.
"Taken together," said Mr. Schmidt yesterday, "the members of the
club feel that they have a great deal of cause to rejoice. We have now
practically accomplished everything we started out to do. When we
reorganize on a new basis soon our work" will be reduced to the gen
eral supervision of all that pertains to the good and welfare of this
part of the city."
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 9, 1898.
LEES' NEPHEW
SOON TO BE
A CAPTAIN
Captain Robinson to
Tender His Res
ignation.
His Trip to the. East Is to
Wind Up His Father's
. Estate.
• i
It Has Made Him Independ
ent of the Police
Business.
LEES KNEW HIS PURPOSE.
Reason Why Wolf Has Been Trained
in Prison Work and Tempora
rily Fills the Office.
The selection of Sergeant Wolf, Chief
Lees' nephew, .as captain of the City
Prison during the absence of Captain
Robinson in the East, which was pub
lished exclusively in The Call yester
day, was ' the subject of considerable
unfavorable comment in the depart
ment yesterday. ,*■'*"•
The real object' of the astute Chief In
getting his nephew promoted as ser
geant and detailing him to occupy his
time in mastering the routine work in
the prison came to light yesterday. It
is no other than to have his nephew
promoted to the position of captain of
the prison permanently.
Captain Robinson's father died last
year. He was a physician and planter
in Baton Rogue," La., and left a con
siderable estate to be divided among ;
his children. At the time of his death
Captain Robinson went East and not
long after he returned and he informed
Chief Lees of his Intention to quit the
police business, as he was "sick" of it.
His father's death had made him in
dependent, as his share' of the estate
would be between $12,000 and $15,000.
That with the money he had been able
to save while a member of the depart
ment would make him independent for
life. He has now gone East to' settle
up his father's estate, and when he re
turns he will, it is said, send in his res
ignation to ■ the Police Commissioners.
Then he will go East to settle perma
nently there, as he has no ties to bind
him to this city. . .
Robinson, while a conductor, joined
the department on April 24, 1878, and h*
will have served twenty years in two
weeks more, when his resignation will
probably be sent in. As he is only
46 years old he will not, of course, get
a pension, but that need not worry him.
He was promoted to be sergeant on
February 20, 1894, and captain on July
31, 1895, in recognition of the prominent
part he played in the Chinatown brib
ery expose which resulted in the "^dis
missal of three sergeants and about
two dozen men. As a natural result
he has been shunned by his brother of
ficers, which explains his remark to
the Chief that he was "sick" of th»
business. . .
Almost immediately after the Chief
knew of Robinson's intention to resign
his nephew was taken from street duty
and placed in different easy positions,
finally being detailed in the prison.
Since then he has been promoted -to b«
sergeant and has been receiving ' dally
instruction from Robinson and Per
geant Lindheimer as to the duties that
will be required of him as captain of
the prison. Wolf's promotion has been
rapid. He was appointed on the force
on November 29, 1895, and was made
sergeant on February 10 of this year.
If his uncle's programme is carried out
he will be captain in a few weeks more.
" Commissioner Gunst will leave this
morning on a. six months' vacation, and
his absence from the city will do away
with the only opposition the Chief
mtirht reasonably expect to the ful
fillment of his r<et scheme to make his
nephew a. captain. The ; probability, is
that he ho? already Bounded Commis
sioners Tohin and Alvord on the sub
ject and has a clear field.
There are many able men op the fores
who have served the r city for years
faithfully and efficiently, and are qual
ified in every -way to satisfactorily per
form the duties of captain of the pris
on, and Wolf's apparent selection, to fill
the office simply because he happens
to be the Chief's nephew will not tend
to promote the best interests of the de
partment.
Popular Policeman Bead.
Policeman Peter Holland died at St.
Mary s Hospital yesterday morning from
an attack of bronchitis and pleurisy. He
was for years connected with the harbor
police and was a great favorite with the
public and his brother officers, owing to
nls genial and kindly ways. Before his
fJIJ? ol P tment on the force" in November,
I^RU. he was connected with the Sacra
mento River boats, and was best known
atterward on the front as the "captain."
Me was born on Good Friday, 57 years
ago, in Long Island
A BIG CANNERY SOLD.
An English Syndicate Going Into
the Fruit Preserving Busi
ness.
Isador Jacobs, who for the past several
years has been connected with the Cali
fornia Canneries Company, has just re
turned from England, where he has dis
posed of the interests of the concern to
a syndicate of English capitalists for the
sum of $173,000 and the certificate of de
posit has been received by him since his
return. The concern was formerly under
the. management of A. Lusk & Co.. and
aoout four years ago It passed into own
ership of a number of gentlemen of this
city and Mr. Jacobs became the manager.
me plant Is <m Brannan street, and since
t/ie organization at the former company
it has achieved an enviable reputation by
reason of the large quantities of preserved
California fruits it has sent abroad.
me new English company has organ
x?-'?,u? n a bro «d basis, with a capital of
iuU.OOU and 50.000 shares. It will continue
to have this city as the headquarters, and
the purpose Is to transact a canning busi
ness on a very large scale. New building?
1 v ereoted °n the .site of the old ones
and this work will begin in a short time.
J he deal was consummated upon the re
port of the English' auditor whose report
was that during the past four years the
business of the cannery had yielded a
Ef° ," f 2C P er cp nt on the investment.
..Ir. Jacobs has been selected as manag
ing director. The new concern is called
the Californian Canneries Company (Lim
ited).
RICHMOND IS
PROGRESSIVE
Several Buildings in Course of
Construction in the
Valley.
The Cry for School ■ Facilities Keep
Ringing in the Ears of the
Directors
From less than 500 inhabitants flvt
years ago, Richmond has to-day over 6000
located within its boundaries. And the
end is not yet, as several new buildings
are in the course of construction.
Within the past month Marcuse & Rem
mel have commenced the building of six
new dwellings on Sixth avenue, near Lake
street. These, when finished, will be sold
on the installment plan. Another, but on
a larger scale, is being constructed by the
same firm on Clay and Cherry streets.
In addition to these an option has been
secured on a couple of blocks farther
west upon which buildings will be erected
on the same plan.
The Increase In the value of real estate
at the present time as compared with
four years ago may be judged by prop
erty .on the line of First avenue, near
Sacramento street, which is now being
held at $225 a front foot. This increase is
owing to First avenue having been re
cently bituminized and partly accepted
by the city.
As an ideal road for wheelmen it offers
special inducements between the Presidio
j and Golden Gate Park. The wheelmen
j are alive to the Importance of this home
: run, us can be seen by a new cyclery
1 headquarters which will be opened at the
: corner of Point Lobos and First avenues
! during the coming week. Through the mi
i fluence of the Point Lobos Improvement
i Club the Park Commissioners have
agreed to make an opening into the park
at First avenue. This has been one of
the contentions of the Richmond people
for some time and now it is about real
ized, much to their joy.
This district is sadly In need of better
I school facilities for the children. As it
! now is there are by actual census over
; 500 children for whom there is no ac
commodation. The Richmond school
! building is overcrowded and the two
i shanties which have been rented for
i makeshift accommodation are in a slm
! iLar condition, with the above number
j still out.
This is the condition of affairs that has
! prompted the ladles of the district to
; make their influence felt at the club
i meeting recently held in the valley.
With the increase of population still on
j the advance an additional large school
| building is very much needed.
The district is by no means neglected
In spiritual matters as can be seen by the
number of churches located there. There
are the Richmond Congregational Church,
located on Seventh avenue and Clement
i street; St. James Episcopal, on Sixth q,ve-
I nue and Clement street; Star of the Sea,
I Roman Catholic, on Eighth avenue and
Point Lobos; Richmond M. E. Church, on
Fifth avenue; Baptist Mission, in the cen
ter of these, and the First Church of
; Christ (scientist). A new fraternal hall
has just been finished and added to tho
other Improvements of the district.
The old racecourse has at last been
filled In and added to the building area
several blocks which will in the near fu
ture be thrown open at public auction for
small holdings.
The Maria Kip Orphanage, which has
been recently occupied, has had the effect
of adding several children to the school
census for whom no provision was made
by the School Directors at the last school
estimate.
TONS OF FRESH FISH.
What the People of San Francisco
Consumed Last Year.
The State Fish and Game Commission
ers in preparing their customary report
to the United States Fish Commission
have, compiled a lot of valuable and in
teresting information relative to the com
mercial features of the finny tribe of the
rivers of this State. But few people
have any idea of the enormous* quantities
of fish taken from the waters of the riv
ers of California and sold for family
trade of San Francisco. The following
table has just been compiled by Secretary
Babcock of the fresh-water fish sold in
the markets of this city during last year:
1897.
03
a
■5"
i
03
8
|
a
I
,■•..•
January .
February . ...
March.; ; .v. .
April...
May June. .
June July
July Augrust .7.
August September.
September October.*. .
October November. . ._.v.|
November '•■ . December..
I )oremhcr
331,'
458,-
lb'.m
88,863
104,373
120.531
47.452 5,487
5,<67 : 1,725
-U. 725 9.116
9,116 6.'J57
■ 6/J57
Close
Close
20,533 32,041
32,041 37,6»2|
37.6S2 SO,
30.2311.
2.122:
2,161
1,728|C10e
7.8761 9,!5:
C,W)3| 10.71
3.331111, 4>
2,. r.73|r .73| 5.3'
3.9591 tl'
3.33C| 2.2f
6.1871 4.7S
6.2601 4.31
S3, 821
31.718
These figures do not deal, in the least
with the lish consumed in other cities, or
the hundreds of tons taken and packed
by the many canneries for export trade.
According to these ilgures the people of
San Francisco last year consumed over
5,100,000 pounds of fish caught in the riv
ers and lakes, besides hundreds of tons
taken in salt water.
- ; The fee-simile ytf: J/4£ g *~' is on every wrapper
; signature «* Qu*//%7>CU6*M of CASTOEIA.
ENTICED
HER FROM
HER HOME
Cruel Treatment of
a Pretty Stockton
Damsel. ,
Myrtle Armstrong Made
; the Victim of a • Heart
, ; less "Friend."
■ - ■ ,-' ■ ■ ■ I
Threatened With Violence,
J. FRANK BLUMER'S ACT.
Detective Gibson Searching for the
Guiliy One-New, Kept From a
S.ck Fattier.
Enticed away from her home under
the promise of obtaining employment,
placed in a dance hall and made to
yield up all her earnings, her life
threatened as a means of obtaining her
jewelry and other valuable posses
sions, forced to write letters home to
her parents picturing a roseate exist
ence, robbed of honor, that wa the
story told by Myrtle L. Armstrong, a
young and comely girl in a room in the
Goiden West Hotel yesterday, her hag
gard aspect and general appearance
bearing out only too truly the truth of
her tale of woe. By her side sat the
mother, Mrs. N. Armstrong, sorrowful
over the mishap that has befallen her
daughter, but not wholly miserable —
the joy at having her daughter again
with her doing much to soothe her an
guished heart.
J. Frank Blumer is the name of the
man who has caused the downfall of
the damsel and brought so much
trouble and heartrending sorrow into
the little Stockton home, where a short
time ago all was peace and quiet enjoy
ment. Even now Detective Gibson is
busily engaged in trying to locate Blu
mer, and if he is captured it will doubt
less go hard with him.
Day before yesterday the mother and
her daughter came to the Golden West
Hotel and registered under the names
of Mrs. N. Smith and Miss M. Smith.
The cause of their visit was made
known yesterday. The tale, as told by
the girl, who is about twenty years old
and rather pretty, is as follows:
"About three weeks ago Frank, who
worked in Atkins' printing c-ffice, told
me he was coming to San Francisco,
and that if I would come alpng he be
lieved he could get me profitable em
ployment as a domestic In some family
here. I talked the matter over with
my mother, but said little to my father,
who is lying dangerously ill, and we
concluded it would be a go-od thing for
me to accept the offer.
"Accordingly I packed up all my pos
sessions and came down here. As soon
as we were here the real nature of the
man, who had always appeared to be
a good fellow, asserted itself. He took
me to the Rosedale House on Ellis
street and secured a room. I was forced
to live with him by threats of violence.
He used to curse me and say he would
kill me in a way that was simply
frightful. I had to do his bidding in
everything. He got me work in a dance
hall at 216 Grant avenue, and as fast
as I made a dollar I had to give it to
him. He took my diamond ring and
let a man they call Billy McGro-gan
wear it, and my gold ring he pawned
at 22 Mason street. He has an opal
pin that is mine, if he has not already
pawned that, too.
"When I objected to anything he
would draw back his arm and threaten
to kill me. He stood over me while I
wrote the letters home, telling my
parents I was working in an honorable
way and was well satisfied, and he
would pc-st them himself. I was forced
to lead an awful life.
"Finally I made the acquaintance of
a man named 'Hermann.' He was also
called 'Charles' and other names, and
I don't know his surname. He is
around the Thalia Theater a good deal'
He learned of my plight and gave me
money to go home. This was a week
ago last Wednesday. Yesterday my
mother and I came down at the advice
of Sheriff Cunningham to see Detective
Gibson and have him get possession of
my property for me. The last we were
able to learn of Frank he was at some
place on Fifth street. He has in his
hands my trunk and valise, containing
my clothing, a silver toilet case and
some valuable belongings. All we want
now is to recover these and return
home, where my sick father is, as soon
as possible."
"Yes," echoed the mother, "that is all
we want now. Mr. Gibson will prob
ably get our property and we will go
home. The way my poor child has been
treated is simply awful, and we thought
this man so- nice. If it had not been
for this 'Hermann,' who is often seen
at the Thalia Theater, I don't know
what would have become of my daugh
ter."
Detective Gibson is now engaged in a
search for Blumer. He is described as
being about 26 years old, has brown
hair and goes smooth shaven. When
the girl last saw him he wore a gray
suit of the "pepper and sWt" variety.
As soon as the property belonging to
the girl is recovered the mother will
return to Stockton with her child.
Want Her Removed.
John P. Gallagher of the Hotel Lang
ham swore to a complaint In Judge Con
lan's court yesterday, charging Tillie
Belmont with keeping a disorderly house
at 115 Mason street. She was arrested by
Detective Cody, and was released on $150
cash ball. Albert C. Jewett. the pro
prietor of the house, haa requested her
to quit, but she holds the fort and the
property-owners on that portion of the
street have taken this action to force
her to remove to some other locality. A
petition was presented to the Police Com
missioners some months ago asking them
to take steps to purify the street, but
nothing was done.
"THE RED FRONT," 857-859 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. *
Must Keep the Peace.
W. B. Hellings. the San Pablo rancher
who was arrested for threatening to kill
his wife, was yesterday bound over to
keep the peace in $1000 bonds. He told the
Judge that he only meant to scare his
wife.
■ ' . ' ADVERTISEMENTS. . ■ i : ____■■_ ■ .'"-.-;
: H 'f^^^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co. .
llvl.a 1\ >©v -^^^jKa.^ 1^ Market St.,- San Francisco, Cal. .
fc. BAILSOAJD TRAVEL.
KOI rilKK.ll «oni'ASIT.
(i'a(;ikic »vktkm:) r,
Trttluo !«•>-.»»• »»<l lire tine i«» "iiln a*
S,t,\ Fit A N4:1N4.'0.'
*• (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) K ~
tEATK — _Fm>M Jawuabt 1, ISSB. — abrivb
•6:00 a Nilcn, San Jobs and Wny Stations . »S:l3a
7:Ol>a Uenici.i, Suisuu ;in; Sacramento . 10:43*
?:OOa Marjßville, OroTlllo&ud lieddiug lia
Woodland .......................... 3:45*
T:OO\ Vacaviilo nn<t Run sey 8:43»
"::»«» ■, Marthscz. Han H?. mon. Vallejo. Nap^
•■"■ t'ali-top> and Santa Rosa O:J5f
S.-WOA Atla-itiu express, Og.lcn and liafit.. s>:43r
»»:ti>A Niks, San .lost!.- Stockton, lone.
Sacrum cv.to, MnrySTillo, •• Chico,
T-h.;m:vnc.l I£«-l lilnir I:l5p
•S:'JO\ Peters. AiilUm am] Oakdale "7xlsp
(>:(»i»a New Orleans jCxpraa. Merced, Ray-
i/iOi:d, I'lcsiic/ l!akers!!el<l. S:inta
l.iirliurii, I.ob Aiigulen, .Deminfc, •
li» I'as'.), New Orleans and Kiist. -- <li43p
O:OOa v llrjc. MurUiK z, Merced and
Fresno. 12:15*
•l:OOp Bmsnunento lUTerSteanien # 1>:O«p
l:«Of Niks. Sen Jcso at d Way Stations.. Jo:lsa
I :SO? Martinez and Way stations - 7:45*
2:00 i» Liv< rmf.r.:, iiocJota, Uanford and
Vijalia ..........V. .... 4:13-
LiTcrrriorc, Han Joar, Kiles and Way
Stations... tlG:lvV
4UMH 1 Munliuv., Sail Ramen, Vallejo, ■ :'"
N«pa, Oulißtojjrt, I'A Verwm aud .
' Kant:i ltnsa.. •il».« 1
<tiV»c Benida, VacaTii'.c, Wontlland, -
. . KiiigilU I andlni;. Marysvllle, Oro-
. • villo nmlSncnoiitoito.... l«:4Sa
4iSO]> Ni!eg Sen Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7slsp
4:3<>v Latbrup, Modesto, Merced, liercutU,
l''ro:no. M. jive (for llar.dsburg),
Sa;.(a Barbara anil l.:>ri Ani;t-lcs.. 7:43 a
4:.1«»p Knnla Fs.lfcnta, Atlantic Kxpress
- f.ir 'Mi.jnvn nil. l Ktut .......... 6:43p
%3:3 Up "811:130. Limited. Loa Angeles, El
"•■ - I .' -:: . ' Paid, Fort Worth, Little litclc, St.
Louis, (/Uicai;o and East |10:13 A
«:." :Si»p " Suii2-.-t l^coitid Annex," El Paeo.
• . , New Orlfarjtand Ea5t .;.;.......-. {1O:
6:OOp rCaropenil Mail, Ogilmi and Kust..'.. 8:43 a
6:«Oi- llnywai.K NM<-b mill Man Joae 7:43 a
\ |«:UOr Vallejo ...:..;.......'.. ........ •|7:4s|'
ililyWIWI i:x|.iriui,Hucriiiiiciit», Marys-
viilo, H.-1.1i.,;:, - I'ortluinl, -I'ti^et
Sonii.l nil.! 1'.:ta1... . 8;13a
SAN LKARMM) AM) iIAVUAItD'I LOCAL.
■•':■ (Foot of Market Street..)
<»«i©OA""i -.-.■■ . ( T:l3a
S:OOa Melrosc Seminary Park, t*O:43A
lO.OOa ? ■Htcliburir, hlmhuntt, 11:13*
• I 1:OOa gan lit iiinlro, South San 12:4%r
U . 2:00.": 00 ." I l.ean<lro,lMa^Ho, {i:!;?J
i'B:'6op . Lorenzo, ( hrrrr i 14:45p
4:00p -■•■■.'---. :•..:•:. . J3:4»p
B:OOp . » ntl ' G:l.->p
B:3Op HaynardK. }:'•'■ 7:43p
7:00p . - *j4^p
25222 S 22 *Bujm through to Nile*. - - ,2 ! -? k p
,H^py tFromKac9 -- .m^gp
COAST -DIVISION, (Narrow «»ngc).>
(Foot of Market Street.) •
l»:.irVA Ne\vurk.(>iit.e(vi;ii-,,SHii.loße,
Boulder OreA, Santa Cruz and Way
5tati0n5. . . ..................... »»BOr
•Silßp Newark, Contemllc, San Jose, New .
; Almatlcii, I'VH-in, . Kouldcr Oreek,
Santa Crux . anil . Principal Way
:.;:.* ■•■-•• Stetlous... .................... •■•tB«a
4:lAi- Newark, Hail .loso and Los Gatoa ... 9:20*
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion. Sao Jose and .
Way Stations :..... .....■..:./.... |7:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rnmSlK mNCISCO -foot af Mattel Street {Slip — -
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 ■ *2:00 $3:09
•1:00 ' JB:0O *6:COr.M.
»«mO4U»NP— root "of Bro^dwuj.— -0:00 8:00 10-00 a.m.
tI2:CO *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ; tl:CO 4 5:00f.M.
:, CO A m VISION (Broad Hauge). -^"
_ (Third ai'.d Tcwnsend Sta.)
•|S3a .San Jose and Wny SUllons (New
Almaden Wednesdays imly) 61BOA
•:OOa San :)oho, Xna I'lints, Siinta Cruz,
:;.-v,.-'.: ;.-v,.-'.- ■ Pacllic (Jrovc. l'aso Rubles,
I/iilb Oliispo, Ciuadalupe, Surf and '
Principal Way .Stiitions 4:15»
I«:4«a San Joßunml Wny 5tati0n5... ...... »3:<>Oa
Sl:3Oa San Jose nn.l Way Stations ....... »:33a
•a:U«r San !\lat"o, lledwood, lleulo Park,
'•,'; ; . Santa Clara, Kan .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa . Crnj:. Salinas,
Monterey mi.l Pacific tirove..'.;.. *M»:4O*
•8:1 5p San .loso and Principal Woy Stations *»:«»Oa
•4il3r Han Jose ami Principal Way Station? 9:45 a
•SiOOp San Jose and Principal Way Btationi 1:30*
9:ROr San Jobo ami Principal Way Stations 3:30p
6t:soi> San Jose and Way Stations .... 7:20p
t11:43p San Joseainl Way Stations ........ 7:« Of
A for Morning. ■• P for Afternoon.
* Hundnvs excepteil. I Sundays only, t Saturdays onlf •
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday night* only.
5 Mondays and Thursdays. ■
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
SAN FRANGISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
' PAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAKIY
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: !»:».
i SO, 6:10 - 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra un»
at 11:30 p. m. Baturdaya— Extra trip* at i:M
and 11:30 p. m. ■ -' •■ *. -.' - "
•UNDATB— B:OO. •:*». U:00 «. m.; 1:1* »:M.
1:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEI. TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:60. ; 9:20. 11:10 a. a.l
11:45. 8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
«UNDATS-8:10/ 9:40. U:W a. m.: I:4H !:«•.
|:00. 6:25 p. m.-- •;■-;,, "■ :_ - —
Between • San . Francisco and - Schnetsea Park
tame schedule as above. - . :■• ' ■-.:■
:•'■■< Lenvo • ■In pffpf ' ' Arrive ■
San Prauciaco. . OrTt 24.' fan Franol «»
■-■ ■ " " ■ ifvr* ■ * * * ™ ' —^
Week \ Sun- ; Tje B tinati«ri • ' I Weals
Days. I day» ' DeBUnatlen fir.ya. days.
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 'Novato, 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma. 1 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
:10pm. 6:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. |ti :22p.m.
.;.-„:•■-.- ■:■". ~'  •: Fulton. -•-- ■ ■ ■ - ~
7 30a.m. § Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
He:Udsbur?,
■ i:: - -.Liytton,
:' '-. •„'.' j Reyservrllle, . ;'#
7:30 p.m. S:ooa.m. Cloverdala > 7 :35 p.m. R:228.m.
: • .1 ■----■-.■ I Hopland aud I ; . . •
7:3oa.m.|s-00a.m. 1 Uktah. ■ ,\ ' :35p.m. 6:23p.ni.
7:3Ua.m. ■ I . * 1 ' • 10:2oa.ux
■ ' ; r 6 :00 a.m. I Guerneville. 7:35 p.m. ; ■:
8:30 p.m. ■->■! ■ .' J :.:----.-- 6:22 p.m.
f:3()a.m.]o:oi)a.ui. Sonoma , 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
-:■.-■■-■; ■••■■■■.■-■ '>'•! and •'•/ -.- ■--:;"•■ "•■-"■■
6 : 10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
7~i30a.m. ]S :00a.m. : cc o baßt^nni 1 10 :40 a.m. 1 10 :25 a.m.
3 :30p. m.!5:00p.m.|, SeOaßtcpoL- ! .7:a5p.m.|,7:22p ml
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprlngs;"at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at
Cloverdale for : the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay
Lakeport and r ; Bartlett Springs: ;at Uklah for
Vichy ' Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno. Pottur :
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's. Buck*
nell's. Panhedrin Heights. HullvUl*. Boonvtlli.
Orr*s --.". Hot • Springs, > Mendocino - City, . b\irt
BraKR. • Westport, Usal. .-■■■•..-
- Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at ra>
4uced rates. , .:-■-.-.-..•. ■,■-: -.- - ■ , .
On Sundays round-trip ' tickets .to all point!
beyond Ran - Rafael at half : rate*. :
- Ticket iOf flees— 6so Market street. ' Chronlel*
building. .
A. W. FOSTER. ; . R. x. RYAN.
. Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
.;. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. ;
From September 10. 1897, trains will run as
lollovrs:- . • . ' ■ ;■■ . ■
'Southbound...':; I- ;. : j. Northbound.
Paßßeu- i Mixed. a ,.,, - Mixed Passen-
;-. ger - : .--s Sunday . Stations. i Sunday i: rer ., ■'
©ally - :; \i Kxc'ptd ' t __ ; '-; \ Exo'p'td - 2 Dally.
7:20 a.m.' 9:00 a.m. Stockton 5:40 p.m.
«:10 a.m.: 12:50 p.m. Merced' 12:50 p.m. S: 51! p.m. j
30 40 a.m. ••'■. 3 -.50 p.m_ • : Fresno '-. J a-m. • 2:3J p.ia :
11 a.m. 5:20 p.m.'Hanfori: :45 a.m. 1:15 p.ra
li.lip.in ti:4sp.m .Visalla-- 6:10 a.in.' l2:lo p.m<
Stopping at Intermediate po ints wnen require!
Luiiutuiuus— At vlith steamboats of .
C. .N. ■ A •L •- Co.. leaving San Francisco ?. and
Stockton :at •s p. ;m. -> daily; at Merced with |
stages to and from Bnellln(t».Coulterville.:etc» j
also .. with ; stay;* • for f Horn! toa. ' Marl posa. - eta. 3 i
at Lankershlm with stag* to and from; Wader a, .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
V ' ■■• ; ■'■-"-- (Via ;Sausallto: Ferry). .
' Leave San - Francisco, commencing Novem-
beT 13. ■is»7:>/--.--.".'-.-"-^nf ! '-. .- > '--: ■ . ; '--' "■
Week Days-9:80 a.'-.m.. 1:45 p. m. _ ■„■-,..-
Vsßundays-8:00.V s Bundays-8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m. 1.16 p. a.
Round trip s from Mill Valley. 11. : „ w
- THOO. COOK , A SON. ■ Asenta, 1 , «« Mark* ;
•treet Ban Francisco. ;-,,-;. .;...;. -.*.:";■. . *
RAILROAD TRAVEL. _
' ic _ <>;; _ .—_____ j\ CALIFORNIA
i^^M^l LIMITED.
J|^^^^P SAN FRANCISCO
' fl w ** CHICAGO.
. Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but With-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Rcom Sleepers, ■
3% days to Chicago, 4V4 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connec* n in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arri' ■■< and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 6*4 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1620. Oakland office. HIS Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San -• Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
: .  ..:; Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September '
19. 1597.
■ WEKK. DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Hafael— *7:2s. -•»:«.
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45, *5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
■ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo, *13;99b
•11:30 a. m. ; »1:15. 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Txuins marked * run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. .-.-..■-
1:26 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) lot
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays (or Point Reyes and way stations.
f OCEAN TRAVEL. >
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
yffihij-^ Steamers leave Broadway
xjlJlSnßßjk wharf, San Francisco:
IlisSßrSaSMfek For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
WL 8»5%5ra APrU lp *>• U ' 16 ' 21. * ' May 1.
E§S«>S2r4 tra « sfe !" at Seattle. . : . :
E^*r2J««»^§:l For Alaskan i>orts (from
I ,^^99! Spear Ftrtet wharf), 10 a. m.,
April 8, IS, 23, May 3, transfer
; . .'- "-. :■ . ™at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom* (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1, 6.
11, 16. 21, 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after, ■'?. connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma With N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
: For - Eureka - (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. - m...
April ■2. 8. 14. 20, 26, , May .2, and . every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey,, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford . (San \ Luis 'Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa- Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., April 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23. 27,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
• For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San' Luis Obispo), Santa i Barbara. Port
Los Angeles ■ and : Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1. 5. 9/ 13. 17, 21, 23, 23, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia ■ and ' Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., April 12,
and 3d of each month thereafter. - •>< «■-
The company reserves the right to change
without ' previous notice steamers, ; sailing dates
and hours. of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel).
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
' •■•-■■ 10 Market street, San Francisco.
~" THE 0. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO -
PORTLAND
From • Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE §12 First Class ' Including . Berth
r.HnL $S Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ;...«"S.. Apr. 3. 13, 23, May 3
Columbia ..:..... Apr. •8, J 18, 28, May 8
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern ■ Points. . Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
• ■ - : - 630 Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. - < .. ,
. '.- . Superintendents.
PBIVHMIfI The S.S. ALAMEDA
iiflnll salls vla Honolulu and
trnill* Auckland for Sydney
y ™*>^-lC: ? Wednesday, April 20,
x^\_'\ at -.2 p. m. <•-
JSfKnrchinu) s - S. ZEALANDIA.
GJlUJlllJlliy ,( Or HONOLULU only,
- /OlflFffl!?U-» Wednesday, May 4,
lWlli£/Ul«p 2 p.- m.-. Special party
-.:.. --•,-,. i . .. .-, .■■.  rates. ■• '-.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa. *
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
• - 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre. •
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers
by this line avoid both transit by ww ™~
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New ork to
Alexandria. Egypt,' via Pans, first class, $160.
second -class,' sll6. . April lfi. '10a. m.
LA NORMANDIE — April 16, 10 a. m.
t »r»<ir i OO\E ............April 23. 10 a. m.
1 a CHAMPAGNE ......... April 30. 10 a. m.
tx nnf'RPOGNE ...May 7. 10 a. m.
l! T0u12?NE^..V;;.7.........May 14. 10 a. m.'
- FYiv further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, - £««£, Bowling Green New York :
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. ■ .-; -:vt,"
DIRECT sTO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
F : Bismarck... April 281 A. Victoria May 26
Columbia r: . . : . . .May 12<F. Bismarck. .. June 2
Normannia .....Mav. » Columbia June 9;
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up. Steerage $30.
•TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT. "
Pretoria ....'. April 16 1 Pennsylvania.. : May 14
Patria ........-■•April 23 Palatia... ..May 21
Phoenicia ..'...:. Mav 7 Pretoria ......:.. May 28
1st ' Cabin $75 . up. . 2d Cabin - $40, Steerage $28.
' " Hamburg-American Line/ 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS ~
Leave Pier No. 3. : Washington St., at %
■•vy::.'- ■': ■' p. m. daily. '^  :-■■.'. .
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO : 5:30 ,P. M.
8 Accommodations . reserved ,by telephone.'
V The only line selling through tickets and gltr-
.ng through freight; rates to all points on tn*
Valley Railroad. ■ .: • :."•
- STEAMERS: * *
T. C. WALKER. : * CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARKATT, ; J. D. PETERS.
.. : Telephone Main SO5. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY : AND VALLEJO.
. ,i Steamer "Monticello"
Mon./.Tues., Wed..' Thurs. and 5at........
"9:45 a. m.. -3:15 p. m. . (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur» >
Fridays :................ ...1 p. m.- and 8:30 p. m
5unday5 ;...;. ....:..... . -.10:30 a. m. - and 8 d in-
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock Pier' 1
;..-■; ..-■ ; ..;.-' • :';. Telejhone. Red 224 L:; ■•-'. ..-:.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS GATOS and SANTA CFU2
f ;-; Steamer. Alviso ; leaves Pier > l dai.'y >. (Sunday, -
excepted) at ;10 a. i m.; Alviso dally (Saturdava
exoepted) ; at 5 p. m>' Freight ? and ' Passengers
- Fare ; between " San i Francisco ? and - Alviso *50o*
to San Jose.; 7sc. Clay street,' Pier L>'- 41 Norti
First street,; San Jose. % " ol^