LXXXIV.-NO (38.
SPAIN YIELDS TO EVERY
DEMAND OF UNCLE SAM
DYNAMITE GUNS
CARRY ThE DAY AT
TOWN OF GUAYAMA
general H Q i nes ' Meo Capture the
: Place and Later Repel a pierce
Attach of SpaQiards.
■■"■ • Bperc'.ai c*ble to The C«l!1 and the New York
.' ' .:-. He-raid. Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gor
■ \\/-<3r.n Bennett.
:; . : VXSUATAMA, PORTO RICO, Aug. 5
'•■ (by The Call-Herald dispatch boat to
. \'&L. Thomas, D. W. 1., Aug. 6). — After a
•;.- iharp" skirmish with 400 Spaniards in
:,: ,■ '"W'-fiicn" three Americans were wounded
;: r *Xc : toMn of Guayama, the principal
'":-■ ■jPP'i'it'-on tne southeastern coast of
■\V':Pp.rto".'xUco, was captured by General
'■'•.viriajifes'. to-day. Our men had to fight
'•• •■.•t}jeiT '■vviiy through Spanish bullets In
: ■■■. ';['prS?j:- to get into the town, and they
■•■ ; ,w«fe,- forced to repel an attack made
■ .'" t>^:-ihe • Spaniards soon after the town
' :^ad; fallen. This they did with marked
'.'■ : -eii£cess, and the stars and stripes now
"•" 'flpa't-oyer another American possession.
■].':': '-.;-'£s' three Americans who were
v '^cbuhcl-ed- in the skirmish before Guay
"■cj iama'-Jare privates in the Fourth Ohio
" r Ttegin-.ent. John A. Cordner, private.
•• .Company C, was shot in the right leg
•■'■ t>£.lQw the knee; C. F. Rlffe, Company
V. ; a\\ '*v-as shot through both thighs, and
• -.W^W.. Alcott, Company D, was injured
■ In the .foot. None of the men are dan
;.- • gerQus.ly hurt. One dead Spaniard and
.•••;two'. wounded have been found by our
: ' ..mem It is not known what other
'.casualties the enemy had.
.. . The Fourth Ohio, Colonel Colt, and
: the' Third Illinois, Colonel Bennit, with
. two. dynamite gruns, all under the com-
■•. s rnand o? General Haines, composed the
' .".expedition that moved out on the
■ : . . Ouayama road from Arroyo at 8
"', "b'tfippk" this morning:. General Halnes
;/* <3rdei>--d 'hit .men to advance cautiously
' p.'ri'd their progress was slow. When the
■: ■ Americans had reached a point about
.'■' ; t-hr'ee : -rhnes from Arroyo they were"
'.;.• ious'.y attacked on both the right
' ; jind'.left flank. ' Colonel "Colt's troops,
. -who; "vtera. leading the advance, were
.'/•.spiendidj-y handled and did telling work
•...;ag&inst the enemy. The Spaniards for
•"'. a time managed to conceal themselves
1 . : behind barricades, but the Americans
.'\ f .oqn/got at them and poured a terrific
; -fire in their direction.
; > -'I.t -was impossible for the Spanish to
.../long withstand this flre, and they soon
-" retreated. As the American troops en-
Vtere.d the town they found it practi
•;. -feally deserted. All houses had been
■'. .closed, and the Ohio Regiment raised
• . iJtsr' colors over the town. hall. . A crowd
citizens soon gathered about the in
' - yad-hig troops and. welcomed them with
•' ■ entlrusiasm. "U'hrle this demonstration
- wiis under way the Spaniards returned,
';' making- a heavy attack on the town
, ■ -from'the north. The Fourth Ohio was
'■ eeht;ovt to engage the enemy, and a
•• .'hot. flght between the two bodies of
•-••" troops took place during the next two
: • .Ijours- ■ Two dynamite guns finally were
•, p'.u.t in position by the Americans, and
•• ". lHie-. shots were fired. These completely
(■"• Bllenced . the enemy, and our men are
• ■ now;Jioldirig the town securely.
"i. . ■ General Haines has been very con
• •. ei'^erate In the treatment of his men,
.. and. has matters. well In hand. He says
-..'.•'lte. does tot need reinforcements at
■' ■-.•pre'se'nt,' in order to retain advantages
' / .gra;i'rie.d in the day's operations. The
. rondiict of the Ohio men under fire was
-■ iujjiiirablp. When the first attack came
.they displayed no evidence of nervous
. yies's. .• Being armed with Krag-Jorgen
aori-s -..they considered themselves a
•.match for the. Spaniards.
• • ./.The dynamite- battery in charge of
• Captain Totten, Company .F, Fourth
. Ohio,- did excellent service. "'.."":- '-J/
■..•.•.Private ' Teaherman, Company C,
v; Fo.urth Pennsylvania, died from ty
phoid fever to-day. A. hospital has
-. been established in the municipal cock
' ..pit, although few of the American
. jtTOpps are sick. ■
HAINES' BRIGADE
CAPTURES GUAYAMA
:~ .WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— Late to
; "<Jay" the following- dispatch came to the
.. ."W^r. Department from General Miles:
•'••■ ■;-:."PQN"CE, Aug. General Brooks
._. ropvorts Haines' brigade. Fourth Ohio
.■• and Third Illinois, captured Guayama
•": y.tete.rday. Slight skirmish. in which
-. the enemy inaiid about town; enemies'
• strength estimated at about 500, not as
- certaingd if any of them regulars; re
.;.; Bistancfe not strong. Private John O.
Coroner ".wounded in the knee; C. W.
-.W? i %>boxh legs below thigh; Lieuten
■ -atntvwoieott, right foot. None serious,
: aH Fourth Ohio. One Spaniard killed,
, . two- wcmndea so far as known.
'■& -.'.••.■■•".•,•. . ■ __ "MILES."
troops and mail
x : : • FOR PORTO RICO
: ;•■. NEWS. Va., Aug. 6.— The
. • transport Manitoba, with Pennsylvania
! c.iyalry and artillery and the United
•States mail for Porto Rico, haa mailed
;.Th"e remainder of General Grant's ex
• .pgdittjbri.is still waiting for transports
>(JONSULS ADVISE THE
Jj: SURRENDER OF SAN JUAN
-... -■.i'.GX.CE, Porto Rico. Augr. 5 (via the
Irjand of St. Thomas, Aug. 6, delayed
to! traiiemißoion). — The foreign Conauls
The San Francisco Call
at San Juan, the capital of this Island,
advised the Spanish officers to surren
der to the Americans. The Spaniards,
however, in reply, announced that they
had resolved to fight.
In spite of their commander's brave
talk it is understood that the Spanish
officers of minor rank have refused to
fight or to imperil their lives in defense
of San Juanj
MUCH CONCERN OVER
CAPTAIN CLARK'S ILLNESS
Although Hia Collapse May Not Be
Permanent, Barker Is to Com
mand the Oregon.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— A good deal
of concern is felt at the Navy Depart
ment at the breakdown of Captain
Clark of the Oregon. Not the slight
est information has reached here of the
nature of the captain's illness; all that
is known Is that Commodore Watson,
■ his immediate superior, ordered a med
ical board to examine him with th» re
sult that he was condemned and or-
I dered home. It does not follow from
this that the captain's collapse is per
manent and his splendid physique and
usually vigorous health afford general
belief that he will regain his health in
the north. Captain Barker, who was
in command of the Newark, has been
assigned to the command of the Ore
gon in place of Captain Clark. The
' vacancy on the Newark has not b* n
I filled as yet. Captain Barker was one
of the original of the Naval Board and
in that capacity rendered valuable ser
vice in preparing the navy for the ei
cfU^nt work accomplished by it. He
commanded the Oregon while she was
attached to the Pacific station, preced
ing Captain Clark.
WARSHIPS REPAIRED
IN GUANTANAMO BAY
correspondence of the Associated Press. Copy
righted, 1893. by the Associated Press.
GUANTANAMO BAY. July 31.— For
a whole week the bulk of the North
Atlantic squadron under Rear Ad
miral Sampson has lain in this pleasant
land-locked harbor. Injuries to the
warships from battle and from extra
hard usage were being repaired and the
Vulcan, the traveling blacksmith and
repair ship, was busy indeed.
On the Brooklyn a work of almost
stupendous character was b'eingr per
formed. The mounts of all the five
inch guns — the guns that did such
splendid work in the battle of July S —
were damaged and were being replaced
A View of the Northeastern Part of Porto ?.ico, Showing the Towns of Fajardo In the Center, Thirty Miles From San Juan, and Ceiba on the Left, Which
Have Just Surrendered to the Americans, With Cape San Juan and Its Lighthouse, Now Operated by a detail of American Marines, on the Right
and in the distance the Peak of El Yungue, 3714 Feet High, From Which All the Spanish Positions in Eastern Porto Rico Can Be Seen. In the
Middle Foreground Is the Gunboat Marietta, With the Monitors Puritan and Amphitrlte on tho Ri^ht, and the Montgomery, With the Transports
Ready to Discharge Their Troops, on the Left.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
by more substantial modern ones. This
meant the dismounting of each of th«
big five-inch guns and the removing (if
the gun its«lf from the Jacket and car
riage. TvrelVM guns in all had to bo
replaced, in JTddition to a six-pounder
that had been bent and spoiled. The
work began on Tuesday, when the
Armeria arrived with the new mounts,
and, in charge of Gunner Appifegate,
the work, done entirely by the crew of
the Brooklyn, proceeded so rapidly thai
SURROUNDING SAN JUAN.
(From a photograph presented to the Call-Herald correspondent.)
on Friday noon all were finished.
( to Saturday, July 23. the Brooklyn
and the Vixen left Santiago for Gu.ii*
tanamo, and for the first time in ei-.;ht
weeks the frowning Morro looked down
on the Caribbean Sea free from menac
ing war vessels. The Brooklyn was
in bad condition and was :>rlerel to
repair at once.
The Texas was ordered to >7»w York,
her decks being in a dangerous condi
tion.
Under the order^of the «lepL'.rrm<>nt
detailing all ihe armored vessels rrr
an European voyage, the Brooklyn,
lor<'a, Oregon, Yankee, Prairie, New
York and Indiana began takin-j coal
and supplies.
On Tuesday, July 26, it became known
that the Brooklyn had been added to
Adhnral Sampson's fleet and that Com
rrodore Schley had been orde^i tv se
lect another flagship from the small
ve.-tels to be left on the block lie.
ALL PEACE
CONDITIONS
ACCEPTED
Madrid Cabinet Approves
Basis of t\)e Reply to
McKjQley.
Hostilities May End by Monday
or Tuesday When Official Dec
laratioos fire Expected.
MADRID, Aug. 6.— The Cabinet to-day approved the
basis of the reply to the peace conditions proposed by
the United States.
Duke Almodovar de Rio, the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, is charged with revising the reply, which will be
read and approved at the Cabinet council to-morrow
morning.
It is stated on good authority that the Spanish reply
will give no occasion for a further response to the United
States.
OFFICIALS BELIEVE THE
WAR WILL SOON BE OVER
NEW YORK, Aug. 6. — The Herald s Washington corre
spondent sends the following: Convinced more than a week ago
that Spain had determined to have peace at any price, the semi
official announcement from Madrid to-night that the Cabinet
has approved the basis of the reply to the peace conditions im
posed by this country is accepted by administration officials as
authentic. The general verdict in official circles here to-night
is that the war is over, with only the formalities necessary before
an official declaration is made. This will probably not happen
before Monday or Tuesday.
No official word had reached
the President up to a late hour
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
to-night of Spain's acceptance of
our terms. Embassador Cambon,
I have reason to believe, has had
confirmation through diplomatic
channels of the press reports
about Spain's acceptance, but he
will not be prepared to makeafor
mal announcement to the Presi
dent until the full text of the
note, which the Madrid Cabinet
has been at work upon to-day,
is cabled to him. There is no
doubt as to the accuracy of the
Madrid cable to the effect that
Spain's reply will give no reason
for further response by the
United States. The fact is, the
administration will not permit
any further dickering for terms..
The President was emphatic
on this point at the time of his
last conference with Embassador
Cambon.
In view of the announcement
from Madrid, therefore, it is as
sumed that Spain has recognized
the futility of further attempts to
secure better terms and that the
Madrid Cabinet has determined
to accept all the conditions im
posed by the United States.
All that remains now for bring
ing about the cessation of hostili
ties is the promulgation of a pro
tocol embodying the terms pro
posed by the United States and
accepted by Spain. This will be
done as soon as Embassador
Cambon presents the note being
prepared in Madrid to-day.
Secretary Day and Embassa
dor Cambon have already con
ferred as to the details of the pro
posed protocol. There will, there
fore, be little delay in its promul
gation. The terms proposed by
the United States will be em
bodied in the protocol in the
same language given in the first2
note to Spain, with one or two
■ minor changes.
SPAIN'S REPLY HAS
NOT YET BEEN RECEIVED
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— Just a week
ago to-day Embassador Cambon re
ceived from the President the terms of
peace that would be granted by the
United States. When the State Depart
ment closed its doors this afternoon
the Spanish Government had not signi
fied whether or not it was prepared to
accept these conditions. Every day
during the past week an answer has
been expected, and that same feeling
of expectancy prevailed at the close of
the week. It is significant that all re
sponsible Government officials are sat
isfied the reply will be an acceptance of
our terms when it does come.
About 2:30 o'clock Secretary Thiebault
of the French Embassy called at the
State Department, thus giving rise to
the supposition that he was seeking to
make an appointment for the Embasaa
dor to meet the President to deliver
the Spanish answer. This, however,
turned out to be erroneous. M. Thle
bault's business being connected with
Borne of the recent seizures of French
merchant vessels by the blockading
fleet and relating in no way to the
Spanish peace negotiations. The fact
that Secretary Day, who had contem
plated a trip to Atlantic City this after
noon, did not leave town, was also the
basis for another guess that he had no
tice the Spanish note was coming im
mediately and that his presence would
be required here. As a matter of fact,
the Secretary was detained beyond his
train time by his reception of the Ital
ian Embassador. who had a long con
ference over the Cerruti case.
Altogether, though the expectation of
an early answer is still cherished, it
was the belief of the officials, when the
day closed, that there was little
likelihood of its receipt by the Presi
dent before Monday. It was rumored
In some quarters that the Spanish Gov
ernment had sent along a notice that
it had accepted the principal American
terms and would be prepared to make
formal answer Monday, but the French
Embassy, which would be the only re
cipient of any such notice, gave a very
Quick and effective denial of this story.
While all this delay is deprecated, it
is realized that Sagasta probably is
making the struggle of his life to bring
the Spanish party leaders to the
where they will agree to stand by him
in his acceptance of the terms of seace.
This fact tends to secure the md ll
gence of our Government in some de
gree and this is more readily extendad
In consideration of the fact that so far
from having surrendered any advan»
tage in agreeing to discuss terms of
peace, we are gaining something sub
stantial every day in the prosecution
of the campaign as revealed by the re
ports from Porto Rico. The naval plans
of operations are also moving steadily
forward, and notwithstanding state
ments to the effect that the projected
cruise against the Spanish coast by the
Eastern squadron has been abandoned
Secretary Long stated this afternoon |
that no change had been made in the
plan of the department respecting that
squadron. ■__
CUBAN DEBT ONE
BONE OF CONTENTION
LONDON, Aug. 7.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Sunday Times says:
Spain's answer will accept all the
American terms except that regarding
the Cuban debt. The Government will
fight this point on the ground that in
all other cessions of territory by one
Government to another the ceded terri
tory hus carried with it its own debt or
the proportion belonging to the nation
by which it is ceded.
President McKinley will receive the
answer un Monday or at the latest on
Tuesday. Senor Sagaata, in conference
with politicians and generals, follows
the example of Senor Castellar in 1873.
His objects are twofold— to provide the
responsibility for the decision and to
avoid the convocation of the Cortes.
The news from Porto Rico is received
with great disappointment. The Span
iards are disgusted with the welcome
the natives have given the Americans
and the news that the volunteers have
thrown their arms down. The general
opinion is that it is not worth while to
risk lives and spend millions for the
sake of territories which are worse than
disloyal to the mother country. It is
assumed that there will be no inter
national troubles over the evacuation
of the West Indies. The war has cost
$350,000,000.
EMBASSADOR CAMBON
WAITS UNTIL MIDNIGHT
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— Spain's ans
wer to the American demands was not
received by the French Embassador up
to midnight to-night. M. Cambon and
his staff, who had been awaiting it
through the evening, at that hour were
convinced that it would not arrive be
fore to-morrow and the Embassador re
tired and the members of his staff went
to their homes.
Celebrating Over the News.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 6.— This city
1b to-night in a blaze of glory over the
news of Spain's acceptance of the terms
of peace. Four hundred dollars' worth
of fireworks purchased in Sacramento
were received to-night and are being
set off, creating a perfect din and light
ing the heavens with magnificent and
variagated colors. When the news was
first received this morning expressions
of joy were given vent to by shouts of
the people, the blowing of whistles and
the ringing of bells.
ALGER DEFENDS THE
SEVENTY-FIRST NEW YORK
He States Information Has Reached
Him That There Were Extenu
ating Circumstances.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— Secretary
Alger states that the information
reaching him shows that there were ex
tenuating circumstances in the case of
•nose troops of the Seventy-first New
York Regiment, accused in General
Kent's report of not advancing
promptly to the attack on Santiago.
Men returning from Santiago have
told the Secretary that the irregularity
occurred amid the noise and confusion
of the opening of the engagement, when
the enemy were directing a heavy fire
against this point of our lines, where
a number of our troops carried black
powder guns instead of the more serv
icable Krag-Jorgensens.
While the Secretary does not seek to
Justify the regiment, yet he feels that
they are entitled to have their course
viewed in the light of all the adverse
circumstances which operated against
them at the time of the battle.
■ Speaking of the Porto Rico campaign
the Secretary said that the entire force
would be supplied with. Krag-Jorgen
sen guns or else smokeless powder to
use in such few Springflelds as might
be carrried in connection with the
Krag-Jorgensens. The purpose, how
ever, is to arm the active troops as rap-
Idly as possible with the high-class
modern arm.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ONLY DREW A
DEADLY FIRE
Military Balloon Caused
Heavy Loss.
DECIDEDLY NOT A SUCCESS
SUCH THE OPINION OF ONE OF
THE SANTIAGO OFFICERS.
Claims That the Aerial Machine Led
to the Killing of 300 American
Troops and the Wound
ing of 700.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: There
have been different opinions touching
the experiment of the military balloon
at Santiago. Some officers in Wash
ington, including General Greely, have
not hesitated to pronounce in its favor,
but one of the officers who was in the
fighting line at Santiago and who was
an eye witness of what he describes
takes a different view. He thinks the
balloon was a failure at every point,
and traces the death of 300 men and
the wounding of 700 directly to it. The
officer Baid to-day:
"Imagine thousands of men on the
narrow road leading to the front. They
are pushing and pulling along through
the dirt and mud. Fortunately they
are sheltered from the enemy's fire, for
in the dense tropical growth nothing
can be seen. The infantry is pushing
along wearily when word comes for
them to draw to one side so as to make
way for the advancing cavalry divi
sions. The infantry is drawn up in a
mass In small brigades in the field
alongside the road, and the dismounted
cavalry has the right of way on the
narrow road.
"Then there is seen coming up the
road, swaying to and fro Just above the
tree tops, the American military bal
loon. With it comes a perfect rain of
Spanish small arms, projectiles and
shrapnel. They do not injure the bal
loon, but they do create havoc among
the poor troupers standing there. The
balloon has no occupant, but it draws
the Spanish fire just the same. A cable
is tied to a tree trunk, and this is car
ried along by some soldiers or signal
corps men. It keeps up the road,
pointing out as well as it can the posi
tion of our helpless troops. The cav
alry has now passed and the infantry
is again set in motion. It is accom
panied on its march to the front by the
balloon which again acts as a signal
to the Spaniards to direct their fire.
Finally the firing line is reached. Here
the balloon is hauled down, and Col
onel Derb-i- of the engineers enters the
car. Its reappearance brings forth
a new fusillade from the Spanish lines.
"The balloon parades up and down our
firing line, the line thus being exactly
marked out for the Spaniards. A shot,
fortunately for our soldiers, finally
punctures the balloon and she comes
down. The daring aeronaut climbs out
of the car uninjured, and has some
valuable information, but at what
cost? Three hundred deaths and 700
wounded are directly traceable to the
doings of the balloon."
SECRETARY ALGER TALKS
OF HIS FURTHER PLANS
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: Secretary Alger to-day talked
somewhat freely of his further plan 3.
In reply to my question, the Secretary
said the army of General Miles was
now supplied with Krag-Jorgensens;
that 20,000 of these rifles have been sent
j with the expedition. However, unless
! smokeless powder is forhcoming for
the Springfields, more Krag-Jorgensens
will be sent. The remains of the first
Porto Rican expedition, about 10,000
men, are yet to go from iVewDort
News and Tampa, and then the second
expedition to Porto Rico under Major-
General Wade.
"Yes this expedition will go just as
soon as possible," said General Alger.
"It has not been abandoned; we are
waiting to have the men brought from
Santiago to Montauk Point, so as to
have the transports available for Gen
eral Wade's troops."
"In case of peace?" I asked.
"We are now proceeding on a war
'• basis," replied the War Secretary, "as
; if there were no negotiations for peace;
j if I knew there was peace now, I should
I not be willing to say what then would
be the programme."
"What will be the object of so many
troops in Porto Rico?"
"There will be many things for them
'to do; protect the American interests
in the event of a provisional govern
ment or a military government, or
whatever you choose to call it, or dis
tribute supplies; to do many thinßß
Provisional regiments will be sent to
Cuba to take the place of Shafter's
army, and all preparations will be
shaped toward a Havana campaign in
the fall, as if no peace negotiations
were in hand."
DELAY IN TRANSPORTING
THE SPANISH PRISONERS
NE ft YORK, Aug. 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: One rea
son why the Spanish transports are
not yet ready to take on prisoners
for Spain is that one of them, the Ali
cante from Martinique, got crippled on
the way; two others had on contraband
of war and there was difficulty in get
ting a landing. This was the explana
tion given me this afternoon by an of
ficial in charge at the War Department.
Seven Spanish transports should have
been at Santiago in readiness to take
the prisoners. None are there. Mean
while General Shafter's army has been
kept waiting as he was not willing to
leave the prisoners. On the lowest
basis the delay of the transports be-
Fides having detained the army is
costing the Government nearly $10,000 a
day.
GENERAL ROY STONE'S
ADVANCE ON UTUADO
PONCE, Porto Rico, Aug. 6, via St.
Thomas. — General Roy Stone is clear
ing the road from Adjuntas to Utuado.
He has a force of 500 natives at work.
A company of the Second Wisconsin
and a battalion of the Nineteenth Reg
ular Infantry are moving to his sup
port. A considerable force of Span
ish is reported to the northwest and
frequent alarms are given, but there
has been no fight as yet. There is
much activity among the troops here.
The Massachusetts was floated last
night and will proceed to Arroyo to
day.
The cavalry troops will go overland
if peace is declared. The plans of the
army are to cross the island, and they
will probably be unmolested.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 189 S.
To our navy has been added another formidable warship, the Chicago. This cruiser was floated out of the dry
dock in the Brooklyn Navy Yard last week, and practically is a new ship. The only old thing about her is her
hull. Her old engines and boilers have been replaced by new ones, two manganese bronze propellers have replaced
the screw, and new boilers, electric plants and fighting tops have been placed in position. She is now being sup
plied with new batteries of large and rapid-fire guns, replacing the slow ones she carried in other years. She will
go into commission in a few days.
WILL SCORE
GEN. SHAFTER
Mass-Meeting: Called in
Boston.
PROTEST WILL BE ENTERED
~~ - ■ ■
BETUKN OF BAT STATE MEN
■"■-%*. - DESIRED. " __.*< -i !
Citizens Declare the Volunteers Have
Seen Cruelly Treated and Are
Unnecessarily Detained .
at Santiago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Aug. 6.— A mass meeting of
citizens of Springfield will be held In
the City Hall next week, when it will be
decided to enter a formal protest at the
War Department against the neglect
of soldiers in Santiago and the hard
ships they have been enduring, and to
demand the immediate return of the
Second Massachusetts to its native
heath.
Recent events at the front have
aroused the wrath of the citizens, and
this step was decided upon at a meet
ing of a committee on soldiers' aid held
in the Board of Trade rooms. The mass
meeting was called for to-night, but
was postponed because of the absence
of some speakers.
All soldiers who have returned from
the front will occupy seats on the plat
form. Resolutions will be presented
by Herbert Myrick, Mrs. Edsea R.
Whiting of the Union Relief Associa
tion and John McLean. The resolu
tions will allege that the boys gave up
good homes to fight for their country
and have received so far the most cruel
treatment. General Shafter will be
scored, and it will be urged that the
boys are no longer needed at Santiago
and should not longer be detained in
constant exposure to the deadliest dis
ease of the tropics.
Congressman Gillett, James B. Car
roll, Mayor Dickinson and Dr. D. J.
Brown will be among the speakers.
Congressman Gillett and William R.
Plunkett will make it their mission to
intercede with the War Department.
CLAIMS OF CUBANS
AND THE SPANIARDS
Many Demands of Insurgents for
Damages Done Date Back
Many Years.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— The announce
ment that the United States Government
will assume liability for the claims of the
insurgents against the Spanish Govern
ment on account of injuries and damages
sustained in the Cuban insurrection has
caused the filing of a large number of
claims with the State Department. Very
many of these are not based on events
occurring during the last rebellion, but
date back many years, and relate to dam
ages sustained through municipal mal
administration and such things.
On the other hand, there are now Span
ish claims to the amount of $8,000.0)0
against the United States. A large num
ber of these claims are made by Spanish
citizens on account of property destroyed
or appropriated by the Confederate
troops during the Civil War, thus having
exactly the same basis as a number of
claims filed by American citizens against
the Spanish Government for property
seized or destroyed by insurgents in
Cuba. ,  ,_
It is believed to be probable, however,
that in the adjustment of peace terms
our Government will ignore all claims
save those preferred by American citi
zens for losses sustained in Cuba, allow
ing the others to be arranged for later
on by a joint committee.
AMERICAN FORCES
TO AF^OhD PROTECTION
Catholic Clergy of the Philippines to
Receive the Same Consideration
as Other Non-Combatants.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— lnasmuch
as It has been stated that the Arch
bishop of Manila has been directed by
the Vatican to place himself and his
clergy under the protection of the
American commanders, it may be
THE U. S. S. CHICAGO.
stated that such protection will be
afforded on exactly the same terms and
conditions that it will be extended to
the clergymen of all denominations and
to all non-combatants in Manila and
the remainder of the Philippines.
It is known that the insurgents have
particularly singled out the Catholic
clergy as the objects of their vengeance
without doubt inspired by the assist
ance afforded to the Spanish authori
ties by the priests and friars in their
efforts to repres? the rebellion in ita
earlier stages. However, so long as the
clergy refrain from taking up arms in
the Spanish cause the American com
manders, naval and military, will af
ford them Buch protection as the lights
of civilized warfare require.
Already General Merritt has been in
structed by cable to investigate re
ports that some monks were made pris
oners by the Insurgents and were about
to be executed. This report came to the
War Department from, Catholic: sources
and appears, according to Consul Gen
eral Williams' report, to be erroneous.
Still, had it turned out that the insur
gents were about to violate the rules of
civilization in this fashion, General
Merritt would have promptly and
firmly interposed, even though the re
sult had been to cause a rupture be
tween himself and the insurgents.
CANNOT VISIT THE
HOME OF HOBSON
Admiral Cervera Says He Must Re
turn to Spain Immediately the
War Is Over.
MOBILE, Aug. 6. — In reponse to an
Invitation extended in the name of the
people of Greensboro, Ala., to visit
Lieutenant Hobson's home, Admiral
Cervera writes under date erf August 2,
saying:
"I thank you very much, and also the
citizens of Greensboro, for the kind ex
pressions contained in your letter, and
you will allow me to say that it is I
who should render thanks (which I do
with the greatest pleasure) for the kind
and generous treatment which I am re
ceiving at the hands of the American
people, and it would be gratifying to
me to accept your invitation to visit
Greensboro, where was born the brave
Lieutenant Richmond Pearson Hobson,
but it would be impossible for me to
do so, for as soon as the war is ended
it will be obligatory upon me to return
immediately to Spain to account for my
conduct, which must be judged as pro
vided for by the law. Nevertheless, I
shall not fail to carry through all life
the remembrance of such brave officers
as Lieutenant Hobson, and also the
nattering invitation tendered me by the
city of his birth.
"I subscribe myself, etc.,
"PASCUAL CERVERA."
GOOD HEALTH OF THE
MARINES AND SEAMEN
Sampson Makes a Beport on the Con
dition of the Men in His
Command.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— The Secre
tary of the Navy to-night made pub
lic the following telegram from Admi
ral Sampson:
"PLATA, Aug. 6.— Marine Battalion
is in excellent health. Sick list num
bers 2y 2 per cent. Fleet surgeon re
ports that they are In better condition
for service in this climate than they
were when they first arrived south in
June. Health of the squadron at Guan
tanamo fairly good. Sick list numbers
about 3 per cent. General tone of health
of the ship's company has fallen con
siderably since the first of July. This,
however, is not due to the prevalence
of any disease, but is probably due to
the release from the strain and con
stant effort under which they so long
lived: and to this probably more than
to any other cause is due their some
what impaired physique. I do not think
it necessary to send the marine battal
ion north. The crews have borne their
privations in a manner beyond praise;
three ships have not been ashore for
three months in a debilitating climate.
"SAMPSON."
Secretary Long stated to-night that
it- is the purpose of the department to
order north those ships which are not
required for blockade as soon as the
exigencies of the war will permit.
GENERAL WOOD WILL
CUT PROVISION PRICES
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Aug. 6.—Gen
eral Leonard Wood, the Military Gov
ernor of Santago, this afternoon called a
meeting of the butchers and retail pro
vision dealers of the city, with the ob
ject of formulating a tariff for the sale
of necessaries of life, for which the deal
ers have lately been charging exorbitant
rates. All the dealers were highly in
dignant at the Interference of the mili
tary authority in commercial matters,
but General Wood gave them until 11
o'clock to-morrow morning to agree on
moderate prices, under penalty of a re
vocation of their licenses and the closing
of their shops. A permanent scale of
prices will be fixed to-morrow.
BELIEVES WATSON IS
TO BLOCKADE CADIZ
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, Aug. 6.— A Cadiz mer
chant has advised the non-shipment of
goods ordered by him, the Insurance
companies refusing a war risk to Ca
diz, as it is believed that Watson's
squadron is coming to blockade the
port, but not to bombard It. The Pe
layo Is laid up with repairs to her boll-
TO INCREASE
THE SQUADRON
Dewey Will Soon Have
More Warships.
GREATER FORCE FOR FAR EAST
AFTER PEACE MANY OF SAMP
SON'S SHIPS GO NOBTH.
By Tuesday Some of the Cuban Fleet
Will Be Either on the Way
to Spain or Northern
Waters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: It Is the intention of the
Navy Department to increase Rear Ad
miral Dewey's squadron as promptly
as possible, so there will be nothing for
this Government to fear in the Far
East.
President McKinley and Secretary
Long are naturally desirous of putting
the officers and men of the ships now
In Cuban waters in the best possible
condition as promptly as possible, and
immediately upon the acceptance of the
President's terms instructions will be
sent to Rear Admiral Sampson direct
ing him to order north such of the ves
sels of his command as can be spared.
This is the explanation of the depart
ment's announcement that the vessels
would be brought north "as soon as the
exigencies of the war would permit."
But while appreciating the value of
improving the health of the ship's com
panies, the authorities dare not dis
band the fleet at Guantanamo until as
surances are given by Spain of her ac
ceptance of the President's terms.
In any event it is confidently expect
ed the matter will be decided one way
or another by Tuesday at the latest, so
the ships will start either on their way
to Spain or to northern waters by the
middle of the coming week.
NAVY'S PART IN THE
WAR IS ABOUT OVER
Suicide by Shooting of Chief Master
at-Arms Gratz of the Battle
ship Oregon.
PLATA DEL ESTE, Guantanamo
Bay, Aug. 6.— The marine camp here
was broken up on the afternoon of
August 5, and the marine battalion was
transferred to the auxiliary cruiser
Resolute for service in other parts of
Cuba. The main body of the fleet will
remain here ready for any kind of ser
vice, awaiting orders from Washington.
The idea rather gains ground that the
navy's active part in the war is near
ly over.
Chief Master-at-Arms Gratz of the
battle-ship Oregon committed suicide
yesterday by shooting.
The Scorpion has arrived from Cien
fuegos. Lieutenant Commander Ma
rix confirms the previous reports of
starvation in this section of the coast.
Lieutenant Commander Marix said
that Naval Cadet Combs, who has not
yet graduated, but is doing duty on the
Scorpion, is down with malarial fever.
While the Scorpion was off Manza
nillo, with the temperature at 105 de
grees, "general quarters" was sounded
suddenly. Cadet Combs rushed from
his sick bed to his station, stark naked,
but with his sword buckled around his
waist. This plucky young officer will
have to be sent home to recuperate.
CAPTURE OF A MURDERER.
Arrested for Swindling a Woman Out
of Fifteen Dollars.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 6.— Last Wednesday a
man grivlng his name as Jack Wilson
was arrested for swindling a woman out
of $15 by "short change" methods, after
jumping into a near-by buggy, holding a
revolver at the driver's head and giving
his pursuers a furious chase.
To-day the Bertillon system convinced
the police that Wilson is Pat Crowe,
wanted in Denver, Colo.-, for murder and
also for burglary. Crowe served three
years for train robbery in Missouri.
Chief Campbell to-day received informa
tion that Crowe was wanted in Omaha for
burglary. Crowe admitted hia identity
but would not talk.
EMPEROR WILLIAM
SHOWS TACT IN THE
FACE OF REBUFFS
Actions of Bismarck's Family
Concerning the Funeral Cause
a Sensation in Germany.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Aug. 6.— The death of
Prince Bismarck has, of course, en
grossed public attention throughout the
week. While it cannot be truthfully
be said that the oppression created by
the sudden death of the great Chan
cellor was as deep as would have been
expected and while there was nothing
like general mourning visible in Ber
lin, yet there were unmistakable evi
dences of widespread sympathy.
The publications and revelations
which so quickly followed the death of
the Prince have naturally created a
sensation and deep anger in Govern
ment circles, and there is still greater
surprise and resentment at the atti
tude of the Bismarck family. The Em
peror left nothing undone that could
testify to his personal grief or the
sense of greatness of the loss to Ger
many. His proclamation addressed to
the Imperial Chancellor, Prince Hohen
lohe, has given high satisfaction
tbioughout the country, and it is gener
ally admitted magnanimity was required
to enable his Majesty to preserve such
unruffled serenity in the face of the evi
dent sullenness of the family. He de
vised most splendid public honors for
the deceased statesman, and when his j
efforts to place the latter's remains be
side his grandfather's were refused the
Emperor carried out what was possible
in the shape of a public funeral, re
gardless of the absence of any of the
Bismarcks. On the whole Emperor
William has shown great tact in the
face of open rebuffs.
The Vossische Zeitung, referring to
the matter, says: "We do not wish to
pass judgment and only chronicle facts.
The notice of the death addressed to the
Emperor did not bear the signature of
the son, but of the doctor. The Em
peror commanded Professor Begas to
take a cast of the features, but the
emissary of the sculptor was obliged
to leave Friedrichsruhe without fulfill
ing his mission. The Emperor desired
to see the body, but the coffin was
closed before he could do so, although,
according to the testimony of Professor
Lenbach, neither were the features of
Prince Bismarck disfigured nor were
there any signs of decomposition. When
the monarch arrived at Friedrichsruhe
the ex-Minister of State, Prince Her
bert, did not appear in uniform or wear
his decorations, but appeared only as
a private gentleman. It cannot be but
that the nation will have drawn defi
nite inferences from these facts."
But it was not against the Emperor
alone that Prince Bismarck's family
acted. The reigning German Princes,
the peers and the nation were prevent
ed from taking any part in the funeral.
To the Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar
and to the Grand Dukes of Hesse and
Oldenburg Prince Herbert wired to
remain away. Even Prince Hohenlohe,
although a personal friend of the de
ceased, and whose coming had been
heralded in time, was not allowed to
see the body. The coffin was soldered
down fifteen minutes before his ar
rival, to the intense sorrow of the aged
Chancellor.
Persons who were present in the
house at the time affirm that Prince
Herbert issued orders to solder the
coffin down as soon as the telegram
from the Emperor arrived announcing
his Majesty's coming to Friedrichsruhe.
A number of German papers affirm
that the causes for all this strange be
havior are partly because Prince Her
bert is seriously unwell and partly be
cause there were about the house a
large number of highly important and
sensational papers, mostly letters to
Prince Bismarck, and that there was
fear that these would be stolen in the
bustle and turmoil occasioned by the
crowds of visitors.
The order countermanding the public
obsequies was received here with con
sternation.
The Bismarck family, on their part,
gave out that the peculiar method of
conducting the arrangements for
Prince Bismarck's temporary interment
were wholly in conformity with hlg
wishes, adding that the deceased had
remarked that he "wanted a rest, at
least after death."
The correspondent here of the Asso
ciated Press had an interview with the
Foreign Office officials regarding all
these matters, and the following state
ment was made to him: "As to the
Emperor countermanding his first or
der regarding the public obsequies,
there was no specific reason for it. As
to the epitaph, it is known that it was
Prince Bismarck's wish to have it so
worded, and we cannot hinder it. As
to the memoirs, there is no anticipation
upon the part of the Government that
any unpleasantness will result from
their publication, and there is no inten
tion to stop them."
Among the public testimonials will be
a gigantic demonstration at Nieder
wald, arranged by a number of Rhen
ish cities, and a large memorial meet
ing takes place at Stuttgart and an
other at Hamburg, where a public sub
scription has been opened for the erec
tion of a gigantic monument to Prince
Bismarck at Sachsenwald.
There will be similar ceremonies at
Breslau, Dresden, Leipsig, Leibnitz,
Augsburg, Munich, Carlsruhe, Koe
nigsberg and many other cities.
From the Germans in Austria many
signs of sympathy have come. In Up
per Austria, at a large representative
meeting in Wols, a resolution %vas pass
ed to wear black corn flowers until
Sunday.
The "passive assistance" of a Catho
lic priest at the recent wedding of
Princess Dorothea Marie Henrietta
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Keep Cool
In .hot weather, and keep your blood
pure at times. The result will be
good health the year round. The means
to this end is Hood's Sarsaparilla. This
great medicine is. prepared by experi-
enced pharmacists to make your blood
rich and pure.
Hood's S Ha
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
for $5. Prepared only, by C. I. Hood & Co.,
Loweil, Mass.
HOOD'S PILLS cure all Liver Ills. 25 cents.
Itching ■ Scalp, '. Falling Hair, : Oily Skin and
Sealp s Diseases, treated and permanently ■; cured
by physicians with practical experience, at the ;
JOHN -H. -WOODBURT Institute, . 127 West
Forty-second J st., New York. Consultation free. ;
Charges moderate. " : • i
Augustine Louise of Saxe-Coburg and
Duke Ernest Gunther of Schleswlg-
Holsteiiv brother of the Empress of
Germany has caused a great deal of
discussion in the ultramontane press.
The Cologne Yolks Zeitung says: "The
priest committed a grave breach o£
faith and the Princess was guilty, by
marrying according to the Protestant
rite, of a deadly sin."
The Augsburg Post Zeitung says:
"The Coburg family has been guilty or
another public nuisance."
Owing to the death of Prince Bis
marck the German newspapers this
week have paid but little attention to
the progress of the war between Spain
and the United States. The Evangeli
cal Church Gazette, though, in a lead
ing editorial, remarks: "The outcome
of the war is a triumph for Protestant
ism and further proof of the deterior
ation of the Latin races."
Continuing, the paper mentioned then
points in proof of its assertions to the
successive defeats of the Austrian,
French and Spanish nations. For thia
the leading organ of the German Cath
olics, the Cologne Yolks Zeitung, takes
the Evangelical Church Gazette very
severely to task, arguing that Catholi
cism had noihing to <_o with the defeats
referred to.
Generally speaking, the German press
expresses confidence that the war is
about over and that the conditions of
peace are acceptable to Spain and that
the latter would do well to conclude
peace forthwith.
The United States Embassador, An>
drew D. White, attended the
closing exercises of the Univer
sity of Berlin on Wednesday by
special invitation, and on Thursday he
gave a dinner in honor of Irving M.
Scott of San Francisco, which was at
tended by the Turkish Embassador. the
Chilean^JMinister, Admiral Yon Knorr.
the chief of the German navy, and
others.
Professor Lounsbury and Professor
Brewer of Yale are here on a short
visit.
A large firm of Rhine has offered,
through the United States embassy, to
send 10,000 bottles of their mineral
water to the sick American soldiers.
The waters are said to be valuable in
yellow fever cases.
VESSEL IN DANGER.
Seen Lying Close In to the Beach.
Near the Columbia's Mouth.
ASTORIA, Ore., Aug. 6.— At 7 o'clock
this evening a report was received her©
from the Cape that a vessel was lying
close in to North Beach and was in dan
ger of going ashore. There was a heavy
fog at the time, with a light wind from
the west. The tug Relief, which went
out in the afternoon, was reported twelve
miles to the south and too far oft* to be
of immediate assistance. No particulars
could be obtained as the vessel shortly
after drifted around North Head and was
shut out from view of the lookout at the
Cape. No description of the vessel was
given.
' ADVEBTISEMENTS. : "
"ATSLOANE'S"
Until rurther notice,, we offer
to close an immense yapletrj or
India and Draperrj Silks— Silk
Upholsteru Goods and Silk
Fringes at afisolutelrj less than
the manufacturer's cost.
We auote for example i . '
INDIA SILKS, nsually sold from 76c to
$1.00 per yard—
TO CLOSE AT 50c
DRAPERY SILKS, sold regularly at
$2.75 per yard—
TO CLOSE AT $1.50 •
During this sale we offer a-,
large line of Irish Point and
Nottingham Lace Curtains in ex-
cluslvelu high-class effects at '
prices lower than can he ob- ■
tamed elsewhere. .
IRISH POINT CURTAINS— full
width—
Regular price $4.00
TO CLOSE AT $2.75
NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS —3*
yards long by 48 inches wide- • • ■
Regular price $1.50
TO CLOSE AT $1.00
W. &J.SLOANE^CO.,
CABPETS, rURNITDRE, - UPHOLBTIBT* "
641-647 Market St.,
San Francisco.
J^L"\ FINE friLORING
OMk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
workmanship; at .
pyM^cf *■& per cenl Less than Other
tFINE TAILORING -
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
Wg JOE PO'HEIM
/ iIW ah Wool Suits to <MO , #or
/lIP Order from 4)14 to 4>OD
/B 1 Panlsfrom .. . $4toslo4 to $l0
jr^"^^ . 201 and 203 Montgomery St. •
844 and 846 Market St., ' •"
1 10 and 1 1 12 Market St. San.Franci««».
RRTTQTTT7Q FOR barbers, bak-
DIIUOriLIJ era. bootblacks. bath- •
. houses, billiard tables, .
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers, canners,
dyers, flournulls. foundries, laundries, paper-
nanprers. • printers, painters shoe factories, •
stablemen, tar-roofera, tanners, tailors, e»c. •
o t. M BUCHANAN BROS., ■'■
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrametjto St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, •
If EARN V AND WASHINGTON ST3 — .
F-n m deled and renovated. KING. WARD *
«°; ,5 urop ? an P lan - Rooma 600 to n6O d4>.
15 i° week. »to »30 month. Free tith»; hot
ana cold water every room: flre *rate» la ev«rj|
room; elevator run» all night.
•**•****•*•*•*• ****** '
'*.;"; ALHAMBRA ::"} "
J Saturday, September 3d J.
******* ***** **** ****♦-THE OLD BELL fIT SUMA, GUfIM, LfIDRONE ISLANDS.
•; From a sketch by Boeringer.
CABRERA CLAIMS
THE DEFEAT OF
MORALES' FORCE
Guatemalan InsurgeQts Said to
Have Been Forced Bbck^ to
the MexicaQ Border.
■ Special cable to The Call and the New Tcrk
..• Herald. Copyrighted. 18!»S, by James Gur
■ don Bennett.
PANAMA. Colombia, Aug. 6.— The
H^raJd's special correspondent in
•Guatemala City cables that the Gov
ernment has given to the Foreign Min
isters a statement to the effect that af
ter Morales had captured San Marcos
the former President, Barillas, was put
In command of the Government forces
In the western portion of the country. ,
..a* tiie.'i u(Trt-k<-<l Morales and
defeated him, forcing him to retire to
ward the Mexican frontier. The Gov- j
ernment also reports another battle j
yesterday, resulting in the defeat of j
Morales.
These reports are declared to be
false by the friends of Morales. The
public is denied the use of the telegraph
out the republic. The
n»\v=papers are allowed to resume pub
• tion, but are not permitted to make
I rlrdcal expressions.
. One thousand troops left here this
evening for San Marcos to reinforce
General Barillas, conimander-in-chief
.of the army. General Calixto Men
dezadaba, who, his friends say, was
; - mcd, refused the command of the i
army on th? day of his death.
.' ':Th f ± relations between the Mexican
; ; "Government and President Oabrera are
The police pursued a
f. -iriAn who took refuge in ihe Mexican le
;. gallon, and it was at first thought the
: . ./police agents wished to take Jose Leon
.("astxllo, who has also taken refuge
;■ •there.
. ' •';■" \The Mexican Minister protested j
• /against the Invasion and received an '
■•;a-jioiogy. The wife of General Morales
■, also Is in the Mexican legation.
■■.;■ The Presidential elections were fixed
.-for the first of this month, but have :
: ; vbee.n postponed by order of President
. /Cabrera on account of the insurrection.
• • ...Horrible massacres by Indians oc
■'; -vcurred recently in the mountains in the
. Hv.^stf-rn portion of Guatemala. All the
Government officials in a village and
:' t '■■ ■'; : - .' • ADVEBTISEMENTS.
When a woman fattt
.- • '/fffPj^ _, JB&tk- overboard she some-
■ times drowns when
■' '''f&EbS&£Zuys!!!!& there is a life buoy just
■• (Karcj^Sjßai JSna within a few strokes of
' ■ fsn >'Es&>r /f&Si her — all because »te
■f^/p^&rs^^^^ doesn't happen to uee
:: 8 I^Txlv perish in the same way
'•' "^^^^^^E^P Help s within reach,
?e sf^^M^ '^t^V'-v but they don't
f^BS&Q^Xj. ** £?&&a%s kJiow just where
• '-ZsS?' \ p%%*3!&* l%l %' lt x% - They be-
; :^> come discouraged
••"•:" •''^^^^^^^^^^^SS^' icines and Rive
■■ '. -JZil^si^^ 2^^^ up in despair, j
■ ' W?£^&r ' Mrs. Mary J. Sttwart, of
■ .^^^^s^ Saratoga,. Santa Clara Co.,
••• —^*i&& Cal., in a letter to Dr. K. V.
/ Pierce, chief consulting physioion of the
'" ' Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Inetitutc, Buf-
• falo, N. V., says:' "I suffered for fourteen
.. •' yea.rs .with female weakness, nerrousness
•nd general debility, trying everything I
;., could find to help — all to no avail. Al-
.  though I was thoroughly discouraged and
j disgusted with taking medicine when I heard
■• of Dr. Pierce 's medicines, I thought I would
.-." try once more to find relief. I took the
.-.•'Golden Medical Discovery ' and 'Favorite
|3 ■•■'Prescription,' and too great praise cannot be
'•■given, for the rapid relief they gave me. I
.';■": am now free from the former troubles, and
:'.. may God bless Dr. Tierce in all his under-
.... takiiijrs to cure suffering humanity."
Thousands who h d reached this forlorn
.-■• and hopeless condition of body and mind
.' Tiave found new hope and rescue in the use
•:.. of these marvelous remedies.
•' .. Dr. Pierce* great tnoasand - page book,
"The. People's Common Sense Medical Ad- :
yissr'.' is sent free in paper covers for 21 '
. one-cent stamps to pay cost of mailing only; '
or, cloth -bound for 31 stamps. Address,
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Rev. J. K. Thompson, of East Calais, Washing- <
. • ton Co., Vt., writes concerning this great work: j
,"* " I am charmed with the style and general sub- ;
•. ject matter of the entire work. I consider it'a
 valuable addition to my carefully selected library.
The purpose to set men rjjfht physically is a ao'Ae
; '^ne.-. I am also pleased with the refined and at j
•tbe same time' fearless wey in which you handle !
I those delicate cubjects pertaining to biology, thui j
'• . making the work adiuitabiy fitted for the young."
the women and children of the Ladinos,
or governing class, were killed. Forty
"t> 'lies were foend on the morning fol
lowing the massacre. The cause of the
trouble Is supposed to have been op
pi ession, as these Indians are known to
be naturally peaceably inclined.
CALEDONIAN OUTING
AT DONNER LAKE
TRUCKEE, Aug. 6.— The Caledonian >
Club has treated the people of Truckee j
and friends from Sacramento,. San Fran-
Cisco, Virginia City, Carson and Reno as {
only brave and bonny Scots can. The ;
grounds at Dormer Lake were crowded j
with merry picnickers, who enjoyed to j
the full the games. The winners of the >
important events were:
Heavy hammer— H. Black-xell and Reed
tied, 84 feet; second. Lewis Smith; third. Dun- ;
can Fraser.
Heavy stone— First, Smith, 31 feet 6 inches; j
second. R.-ed. ' ."•• g .
Throwing caber— First, Smith, 37 feet 4V4 :
inches.
Best-dressed Highlander— First, Neil Lindsay;
second. William McDougald. . .
Grund Highland reel— First, A. McCaw; sec- !
ond, D. Mcßae; third, D. Fraser.
Married ladles' race — Flret, Mrs. Shannon; i
second, Mrs. Cameron. -
Ptandlng wide jump— First, F. H. Blackwell; '
second. Ream.
H;i*hland fling: for men in costume— First, I
A. McOaw; second, D. Mcßae; third, D. Fra
ser.
Best players of — Duncan Fraser and I
Xeil Lindsay.
Sword dance— First, A., McCaw; second, D.
KcH. : third. D. Fraser.
The day's • programme passed \] off J
smoothly, owing to the efficient manage- i
ment of ehf-f D. D. Mcßae of Truckee.
The most entertaining feature of the day !
was the dancing of the little boys and
girls in costume. The evening was spent
in dancing: in the open air, which was
marred a trifle, however, by a light thun
der shower. The day was one to be re- i
membered and will go far toward per- ;
pttuating the already historic name of j
Dormer Lake. ""'.-.
RECORDS FRACTURED
AT WILLOW GROVE
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 6.— Harry Elkes
to-night defeated Tom Linton in a twen
ty-five mile race at Willow Grove, going
the distance in forty-two minutes forty-
I two seconds. Elkes continued riding and
1 broke the one hour record, making thirty
i four miles and 1293 yards. Edouard Tay
j lore lowered the mile record to 1:32 3-5.
It was 11 o'clock v.hen Elkes and Lin
i ton started in their race. • The summary
j follows:
„ _ Former
Miles Leader. Time. Record. Held by
I Linton 2:012-5 1:45 3-5 Taylors
i Linton 3:41 2-5 3:23 Taylore
i 8 Linton 5:19 »-5 6:03 4-6 Tuylore
I * Linton «:58 6:46 Taylors
, 5 Linton 8:37 2-5 8:29 1-5 Taylore
i J Linton 10:17 *-5 10:10 2-5 Ltnton
I Linton 11:59 11:54 Linton
8 Linton 13:39 4-5 13:39 4-6 Linton
!,1 Linton 15:22- 15: M 1-5 McDufflo
110 Linton 17:04 17:111-5 McDuffle
!11 Linton 13:49 l-£ 18:55 McDuffld
12 Linton 20:313-5 20:42 2-5 McDuffle
13 Linton 22:21 22:27 McDuffle
\* E{ke 24:00 4-5 24:12 3-5 McDuffle
;15 g, «s 2".:38 4-5 25:59 2-5 McDuffle
JS 5 , kes 27:17 3-5 27:4« McDuffle
. " Elkes ?8:58 2-5 29:33 1-5 McDuffla
ill 5, s 30:39 2-5 31:20 McDuffle
■•"■5, Ueß 32:2 ° 33:111-5 McDuffle
! I glk^s 34:02 34:56 .McDuffle
2 f, kes 35:45 2-5 87:14 2-5 Taylore
22. E kes 37:28 2-5 39:05 3-5 Taylore
23 E kes 39:14 3-5 40:53 4-5 Taylora
2< Elkes 41:58 4-5 42:37 1-5 Linton
2^ Elkes 42:42 44:18 4-5 Linton
ELKWOOD FUTURITY
WON BY CULBERTSON
LONG BRANCH, X. J., Aug. G.-The
Elkwood futurity, the most important
live-pigeon event thus far this season,
was decided at the E!kwood Park shoot
ing-box to-day, in the presence of nearly
500 spectators.
Samue! A. Cuibertfion of the Kentucky
Gun Club of Louisville, who h.is made
himself one of the most popular v/inr
shots among the Eastern marksmen won
the Elkwood futurity, which carried with
it $100 and a handsome gold-lined sterling
silver loving cup. The second money went
to Phil Daly Jr. of Long Branch. The
entries in the Futurity were: Samuel
Culbertson, Robert Dolan (the River
Tongue Club crack or Philadelphia), Phil
Daly Jr., Lawyer Van Schalck of New
York and Walter R. Patten of Pleasure
Bay.
Sacramento Celebrates.
r SACRAMENTO, Aug. 6.— The report
that Spain r had ■- accepted, the. terms of
noace proposed •by .- President McKinley
Induced Mayor Land to call a " public
meeting on the city, plaza to-night to
celebrate the country's victory. • There
was music, fireworks, a cannon salute
and addresses jby the Mayor and - several
other citizens. The utmost enthusiasm
prevailed.- • ; . •' /
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
OFFER TO SURRENDER TO
THE CORRESPONDENT OF THE
CALL AND THE HERALD
Spaniards Surprise a Lost Newspaper Man by
Volunteering to Turn Over the Town
of Comao.
PONCE, Porto Blco, Aug. 5, by Call-Herald dispatch-boat to St Thomas, D. W. 1., Aug. 6.— The
gTotesqueness of the Porto Bican campaign cannot be illustrated better than by narrating an incident
which has happened to a Call-Herald correspondent, T. F. Millard. Mr. Millard accidentally stumbled
into the Spanish lines at Comao. He had been deserted for some reason by his Porto Rican escort, and
had been left aloae wandering. While endeavoring to reach a point of safety he fell into the Spanish
outposts. He was surrounded by officers and men of the enemy. At first Mr. Millard believed that he
had been made a prisoner, but the peaceful attitude of the soldiers assured him he was not to be dealt
with in a drastic manner. After a parley of a few moments, to Mr. Millard's great surprise, the Span
ish officers agreed to surrender. The visitor managed to conceal his astonishment at the turn of affairs,
and began negotiating. The Spanish officers agreed to retire the next day and permit the American
troops to advance. When the Call-Herald correspondent reported that the enemy would surrender the
town General Miles declined to take a serious view of the matter.
TO CARE FOR
SHAFTER'S MEN
Arrangements Made at
Montauk Point.
TROOPS WILL BE IN COMFORT
PLANS TO GIVE PROPER CARE
TO FEVER SUFFERERS.
Surgeon General Sternterg Doing All
in His Power to Provide the
Necessary Medical Aid
to the Sufferers,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— Surgeon
General Stemberg to-day received this
dispatch from Colonel Havard, chief
I surgeon at Santiago:
•'Necessary medlcir.es purchased and
j all present needs supplied. Report
I about overcrowded transports fumish
ied as soon as possible. Similar things
will not occur again."
The reference to the overcrowded
transports relates to the telegraphic
' Inquiry made by General Sternberg for
I reports as to the Seneca and Concho.
The Secretary of War, Surgeon Gen
■ eral Stemberg. Surgeon General Wy
'. man and Quartermaster General Lud
■ ington conferred to-day relative to
'■■ preparations for receiving General
! Shaffer's army at Montauk Point. It
; is purposed to make all necessary ar
rangements for insuring the comfort
; and recovery of the troops, and, at the
same time, to insure proper isolation,
i so that there may be no possible ele
ment of danger to those outside the
garrison.
In addition to Forl Ethan Allen, Vt,
and the barracks at Plattsburg, N. V.,
1 which the surgeon general has in
: view for convalescents, he has now de
termined to use Madison Barracks,
New York, located on Lake Ontario.
'■ where the lake air will be conducive to
speedy recovery. Madison Barracks
i has accommodation for about 1000
; men.
These three points will be the main
! ones for convalescents, but a number
lof other places- will be selected for
taking small numbers of troops well
along to recovery. Fifty tents with
five beds each will be established at
! Fort "Wadsworth, N. V., harbor; fifty
! tents in Fort Hamilton, N. V., harbor,
; and the barracks at Go\-ernor's Island,
N. V., also will be utilized. The local
hospitals of New York City have
shown a generous willingness to care
for the wounded soldiers, and it is
| said that about 2000 could be looked
i after in this city. Accommodations for
convalescents will also be made at
once on the military reservations her&,
mainly for the purpose of relieving the
hospital at Fort Monroe, which
will be needed for the sick coming
from Porto Rico. The surgeon general
has provided a 1000-bed hospital at
Fort Monroe.
DAILY REPORT ON THE
FEVER AT SANTIAGO
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— The follow
ing is the report of General Shafter for
August 5, made public to-night by the
War Department:
"SANTIAGO, Aug. 6.— Sanitary re
port for August 5: Total sick, 3697;
total fever, 2532; new cases fever, 434;
cases fever returned to duty. 601.
"Deaths August 5: First Lieutenant
James B. Steele. Signal Corps, yellow
fever; Private Warren Green, Com
pany H, Twenty-fourth Infantry, yel
low fever; Corporal George Haufman,
Company D, First Illinois, yellow fe
ver; Corporal Martin C. Nottingham,
Company M, Thirty-third Michigan,
acute meningitis; Archie Beattie, Com
pany C, First Illinois, yellow fever;
Edward Perm, Company B. Twenty
fourth Infantry, malarial fever; Pri
vate B. C. Hayes, Company B, Twenty
first Infantry, malarial fever; Private
F. W. Caney, Company H, Ninth Mas
sachusetts, malarial fever: Private
Thomas V. Gllber. Company D. Thirty
fourth Michigan, malarial fever; S. J.
Major, Company C, Second Massachu
setts, yellow fever.
"August 6: Private Robert Ramsey,
Company C, Twenty-fourth Infantry,
yellow fever; Sergeant Jesse J. Griffith,
Company C, First Illinois, yellow fever;
Ambrose Wein, Seventh Infantry, yel
low fever. / SHAFTER."
SHAFTER'S MEN WILL
BOARD SHIP TODAY
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— The War
Department officials now say that
Shafter's army will begin embarking in
earnest to-morrow, the transports
which are arriving being obliged to
take on stores for the homeward trip.
These, however, will be limited in quan
tity in order to avoid unnecessary de
lay and only ten days' rations v. ill be
placed aboard ship. Colonel Heoker,
In charge of transportation, said that
he believed it would be scarcely neces
sary for the transports to make two
trips, for In addition to the shies al
ready at Santiago there will be availa
ble for transport purposes the c! earn
ers which are carrying to Santiago the
immune regiments which are to re
place the Fifth Army Corps at that
point.
ANNUAL OUTING OF
THE PRESS CLUB
Members Journey on a Special Train
to San Jose and Will Ascend
Mount Hamilton.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— The San Francisco
Press Club is enjoying its annual outing at
Hotel VewJome this evening. The grounds
are illuminated with Chinese lanterns and
red fire a.id the hotel and its surroundings
present a pretty and animated scene.
Some seventy-five members and their
wives are present. They arrived at 6:30
this evening in special cars and were met
at the depot by a reception committee of
the Board of Trade. Dinner was served
on their arrival and l«it<er came a hlgn
jinka The Press Club quartet— Messrs.
Patchelder, Tilton. Coffin and Parrent—
rendered several fine vocal selectiont,
Tirey L. Ford delivered an adress; Mr.
and "Mrs. William Hines gave some duets
and Julius Kahn recitations. Members of
the Press Club spoke on timely subjects.
The committee in charge of the enter
tainment consisted of Fred S. Myrtle, Jas.
S. Tyler and Theodore Bonnet.
To-morrow the guests will visit Lick
Observatory, stopping at Smith Croe'«t for
luncheon. In the evening they will ciine at
the hotel, and return to San Francisco at
10:30 on a special train.
FREIGHT TRAIN RUNS
INTO A LANDSLIDE
Kain and Wind Storm Causes Some
Damage Near the Nevada
Line.
FLORISTON. Aug. 6.— A severe rain
storm, accompanied by lightning and hish
wlr.d, visited this vicinity this afternoon
The Southern Pacific track was blockad
ed by a landslide n<-ar Mystio, thrva miles
east of here, and an east-bound extra
freight train ran into the slide, blocking
the track for several hours. Trains in
both directions were considerably de
layed by the obstruction., but only slight
damage resulted. The track was cleared
to-night so that the west-bound overiand
passed without delay.
The rain wan a welcome relief to the peo
ple of this part of the State, as ail kinds
of industry and in many places the gen
eral health have been threatened by the
continued drought and resultant lack of
water in the streams.
POISONED MUSH FOR
THEIR BREAKFAST
Aged Point Arena Woman Loses Her
Life and Her Son Is Seri
ously 111.
POINT ARENA, Aug. 6.— The mother of
L. G. Morse met death by poisoning here
this morning, and Morse himself is In a
serious condition, but will recover.
The family noticed that the wheat mush
for breakfast was bitter, and after eat
ing a few spoonfuls they began to feel
sick. Doctors were summoned, but Mrs.
Morse died at noon.
Mrs. Morse was the widow of the late
Dr. Morse and was over 80 years old. Her
tragic death casts gloom over the town
and county.
How the poison got into the mush re>
mains a mystery. An investigation is be
ing conducted.
WENTWORTH TENNIS
TOURNAMENT ENDS
NEWCASTLE, N. H., Aug. 6.— The
Wentworth tennis tournament was con
cluded to-day. The tinala were played be
tween H. H. Hackett of Yale and E. P.
Fischer of New York In the singles. The
best tennis of the week was seen, and
the result was that Fischer won a three
out of four set match. Score: S— 6, 4—2,
2—6, 8-6.
In the semi-final doubles for the na
tional championship Ware and C. P.
Sheldon Jr. were beaten by Fischer and
C. R. Budlerg, and a little later the
latter won from Beals Wright and R. M.
Ccrleton In three straights In the finals,
the score being: 6—3,6 — 3, 6—l,6 — 1, 7—5,
TOD SLOAN TO RIDE
IN SIMONS' COLORS
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The World's Lon
don correspondent cables: Among the en
tries just posted for the forthcoming Der
by there is a strong representation of
Americans. Prominent among the names
appears that of Tod Sloan, who will put
in two fanciful attractions for the groat
evem. One is a St. Blaise colt, the other
a colt by Salvator. Both are likely, lively
creatures and are expected to make a
good running. It now is almost decisively
known that Sloan has arranged to ride
for three years In the colors of Mr. Si
mons, the great South African millionaire.
LOS ANGELES ASSESSMENTS.
Beduction of Nearly a Million Dol
lars Made by Equalizers.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 6.— The City
Council, sitting as a board of equaliza
tion, to-day coucluded Its labors. The
property of the city of Los Angelas is
assessed at $62,000,000. The Board of
Equalization made a reduction of the as
sessments amounting to $865,000. The re
ductions in most cases were made on
assessments on banks on the item of un
divided profits and surplus. In each case
City Assessor Seamens had assessed the
banks for this item. The banks claimed
that such assessment waa erroneous, as
this Item was already included in other
assets of the bank. The Board of Equali
zation took this view of the matter and
reduced the assessments accordingly.
Stocks of a number of large retail and
wholesale dealers were also reduced about
30 per cent.
LOST HEB BIG ANCHOR.
Lightship in Trouble Off the Cape
Flattery Beefs.
SEATTLE, Aug. 6.— Captain Dettmar. of
the steam schooner Sunol, which arrived
here to-day from San Francisco, reports
that on Friday afternoon when about to
pass lightship No. 27, stationed at Una
tllla Reef, twelve miles south of Cap«
Flattery, he perceived signals of distress
flying from her mast. He wm Informed
by the captain of the lightship that dur- J
ing the gale of the previous day the ship's
large anchor and 175 fathoms of chain
had be«n lost overboard. This was the
only anchor belonging to the vessel and
it was necessary to keep ;Ucam up to
prevent her going on the reef.
On reaching Seattle Dettmar wirr-d the
Government officials at Portland regard-
Ing the condition of the lightship, and a
steamer will probably be sent to her as
sistance.
REGIMENTS TOGO
WITH GENERAL WADE
CHICKAMAUGA, Ga., Aug. 6.—Ma
jor General Brecklnrldge, commanding
at Camp Thomas, received formal no
tice to-day from the War Department
designating the following regiments at
this camp as a part of the force to go
to Porto Rico under Major General
Wade: First Vermont, First New
Hampshire. Third Tennessee, First
Maine. First Arkansas, First West
Virginia and Fifty-second lowa. The
colonels commanding these regiments
were directed to report at once by
wire to General Wade at Washington
for instructions. The officers are now
discussing a plan to take all the troops
out of Camp Thomas for a week or
more, with a view to benefiting by the
change.
Congressman Stevens Benominated.
HOUSTON, Tex., Aug. 6.—Congress
man John S. Stevens of the Thirteenth
District was to-day nominated by accla
mation for re-election by the Democratic
Convention held at Abilene. A plank in
the platform favors the acquisition of the
Spanish West Indies.
Bay State Starts for Cuba,
BOSTON. Aug. 6.— With the Red Cross
flying at her foremast, the hospital s.iip
Bay State, sent to Cuba by the Massa
chusetts Volunteer Aid Association, sailed
out of Boston harbor to-day. The vessel
is loaded with provisions and many deli
cacies for the soldiers at the front.
Dupont on the Way to New York.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Aug. 6.— The torpedo
boat Dupont, Lieutenant Wood, arrived
off quarantine at Brunswick, Ga,. to-lay
from G'antaramo Bay, bound for New
Tork, with mail and official dispatches.
All well on board.
jt (^^^\ All men should listen to the true
j& / \ reasons why the great treatment *£>
«£ Hudyan is so well and favorably 4*
•^ '"^""•^"^fv-^ known on the Pacific Coast. The £
***" yf*. A . first reason is because it cures. Hud- T
T T\ /j^^^ 7^^?^ y an cures nervous debility, pallid /»
? VV§S&*\ lips ' blood-shot eyes, weak, melan-
"^ i^^^^^^^^>L /*tflk^P choly nights and mornings. Hudyan *f
* I \v¥ cures back pains, shoulder pains, dys-
* S\ I 4 pepsia, chronic constipation, failing^
v> i' 1 or ost nian^ loO(: i- Hudyan gives you JJ
Jt A Sill the snap and vim of youth-you your- |
2 ;^^^^^^r mJ 11 sel^ tne man - Hudyan is no patent *£
4* ■a^JjTillli!* d\J&gfk 4 medicine. It must be had from the %-
2$ I'^yl S^fimci doctors' of Hudson Medical Institute 4*
* \^%W^r3^Midi or you don>t 9et ilj - Hudyan does ;
4* / cure. 25,000 men, from New York *
% \ if f^^^^^k City to Alaska say so These men
% '>"^^^^|H|Pt must know. You can see the proofs
4* ' Jr^P^SSh 1 1 any day ' Call or write for circulars *&
«£r I m S^^S MS> ' and testimonials, free. 4*
$ IfliH 30-Day I
a I Miifl Blood Ci~ir& %
I Sj^^ 3ODay |
I f^^^F Blood Cure *
| mfn 3ODay |
f Blood Cure f
"* Cures blood disorders, whether in the
% , y^L^ first, secondary or tertiary form. If 4^,
ili :: . r~- '*?^//\ you -suffer from a contracted blood +§►
«£+ —^c Sk V^/JSW poison, blood taint, bad ulcers, sores, -^
<& \, :: - ==:: *' y \*2C'jS*^so loosened teeth, ulcerated gums, fall-
ing hair, you need the cure of cures— T
J[ Ucl * t^^^ the 30-day cure. Call or write for |T
30-day circulars.
: ■• ■'■- ; "■'■•• tor. -yn m « 4
*llLl/3Uii IULI/iviiL lliJllHJ ll^tf
<^-.- .■ • • -. " -\. ■■ ■•-;'::.■. ■ -; ..._.•"■,-- ".' .'."."  " . .1 -7-
>& Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets. ,*
j£ CONSULT THE HUDSON 'DOCTORS F"REE.
INTERIOR OF FORT SANTA CRUZ, GUAM, LfiDRONE
ISLANDS.
From a sketch by Boeringer.
BALD AND COOPER
MATCHED AT A MILE
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 6.— Arrangements
are now nearing completion for the nine
teenth annual meet of the League of
American Wheelmen, which will open in
this city next Tuesday. Most of the crack
riders are now at the New by Oval track,
pronounced by all the fastest upon which
national championships have ever been
contested.
One of the greatest matches ever made
since cycling became a sport was com
pleted this afternoon, when Eddie Bald of
Baffnlo, the champion for the last three
years, and Tom Cooper of Detroit, his
greatest rival, signed cne articles of
agreement that w!U bring them together
in a great mile match race at the Newby
Oval next Friday night.
After the usual trouble incident to
match-making the men were finally in
duced to bet $250 each on themselves and
to race for a $500 purse, making the en
tire purse $1000, which will be taken by
the winner, the loser getting nothing.
The conditions of the match call for a
mile race, best two heats in three. The
first heat Is to be unpaced or European
style, the second heat to be paced by
single rider, who will drop out at the
bell tap, and the third heat, if necessary,
will be decided by tosa.
Fire at Jacksonville.
JACKSONVILLE. 111., Aug. 6.—Roths
child's Clothing Company, Elllck's auc
tion rooms and Rees & Rees' carpet-store,
Joseph Tomlinson's clothing house and
three other stores have been destroyed
by fire. The Odd Fellows 1 Temple occu
pied the upper rooms of the Tomlinson
building, and lost everything but tne
books. The total damage is $125,000.
PASSED THROUGH OGDEN.
Hawaiian Commission Is Nearing
San Francisco.
OGDEN, Aug. 6.— The Hawaiian Com
mission, appointed by President McKln
ley to frame a government for the new
addition to United States territory, passed
through £>gden to-day en route to San
Francisco and the Hawaiian Islands. All
were in good health. Senator Morgan,
when asked for his opinion about Vhe
opening of the Indian mints, replied:
"It must come. The increased trade
of the United States and England with
the Orient will compel it."
Murphy and Gaudaur to Row.
WINNIPEG. Man.. Aug. 6.— Jake Gaud
aur hes issued a challenge to row any
oarsman in the world, previous to his re
tirement from professional rowing. Harry
McDonald, the champion oarsman of Ot
tawa, has accepted the challenge of Dan
Murphy of this city. Tne race will be
held at some place between Winnipeg and
Ottawa about August 23.
Point Wilson Fortifications.
PORT TOWNSEND. Aug. 6.— A small
f orce of men has commenced work at
Point Wilson, getting ready for active
work on the fortifications, which will be
constructed by the Government, and not
by contract, as is the case with works on
the Admiralty Head and Marrowatona
points. About 200 men will be emr>yed
and work will be rushed.
34
REA SELECTS
HIS TICKET
Men He Would Place in
Office.
3 OLITICAL DEBTS TO BE PAID:
CHE "BOSS" TO MAKE A HARD
FIGHT.
Rallying His Forces for an Attempt
to Carry the Primaries by Any
Means That Is Deemed
Necessary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— The political pot
la beginning to boil in Santa Clara
bounty, and already the aroma of the
programmed broth has reached the
public, which has evidenced its dls
:aste. With Rea as chef and John and
A.ndy Mackenzie as dishwashers their
mess will be of the same old kind that
has been served the public year after
year.
The voters have decided that the old
■dtehen crow must be ousted and a new
political regime begun — one that will
command the respect and indorsement
of the best people. This is the only
ftny the county can be saved to the
Republican party.
"Boss" Kea has decided that he must
carry the primaries next Wednesday
and control the county convention on
August 13. After the "rolling" he re
vived at the hands of Major McLaugh
;in and the State Committee the "boss"
tvill leave nothing undone to secure the
upper hand In the convention. He fig
ures that this is necessary in order to
3how the people that he has some pres
tige still left. Orders have gone out
among his henchmen to carry the pri
maries by all means. Democrats have
been importuned to vote at the Repub
lican primary, and if by this means
there is not sufficient power to break
the force of the wave of condemnation
that has arisen over the actions of Rea
and the Mackenzie's the ballot boxes
will be stuffed.
Outside the city Rea has a«hard fight
on his hands, and it is doubtful if he
will elect any of the delegates from the
:ountry. At Gilroy a bitter fight is be
ing made against George E. Rea,
jrother of the "boss," who represents
that district on the Board of Super
visors. The town of Santa Clara pre
sents an equally strong opposition to
;he ringsters. This condition of affairs
.n the outside districts is due to the
organized work of the Good Govern
ment Club. That organization will
lave a. ticket in the field, and present
ndications point to a victory for it in
:hese precincts. In the four wards of
the city the ring has things pretty
triuch its own way, but with a full vote
of the Republicans Rea would be de
feated.
A close watch will be kept to see that
none of the usual crooked methods
known to bosses are applied next Wed
nesday to defeat the wishes of the
people.
. The county ticket slated by "Boss"
Rea for nomination at the Republican
convention is as follows:
For Superior Judgt>— J. C. Black, who
is to be "knifed" by the gang in the in
terest of V. A. Scheller, the probable
nominee of the Democratic party.
For Sheriff— Robert J. Langfnrd.
Langford is at presc-nt a member of
the City Board of Education, and it
was the promise of the Sheriff's office
that caused him to stand in with Rea
on the dismissal of Professor L. R.
Smith from the High School and Mrs.
A. B. Clement from the office of As
sistant and City Superintendent of
Schools.
County Clerk — Rush McComa?. This
nomination is in payment for work
done for the gang as a member of the
appointing board under the new char
ter.
County Treasurer — Joseph Lotz, in
cumbent.
County Auditor — W. F. Parker, In
cumbent. This nominee was opposed
by the gang last time and was elected
as an independent. The fact that he
has not refused to audit Game Warden
Mackenzie's warrants — as other Audi
tors throughout the State have done
with claims of Game Wardens and been
upheld by the court3 — secured for him
this favor.
County Assessor — Ex - Supervisor
Adolph Greenin^er. This individual
boasts that he delivers 95 per cent of
the German vote to Rea and Mackenzie
tvery year.
The Tax Collector's office will either
be given to W. C. Hamilton or Charles
Barker. The former is an old mem
ber of the School Board and Barker has
furnished the schools with coal for
years.
For District Attorney— B. A. Herring
ton, incumbent.
County Superintendent of Schools —
H. C. Faber of Palo Alto.
Coroner and Pubic Administrator — J.
"X, Secord, incumbent.
County Recorder — Charles P. Owen,
who has held the office several terms
.a-nd who promised in the last conven
tion that if nominated he would not
ask for the office again.
Township Trustees— W. J. Kirkpat
rlck and W. T. Xolting.
City Justice— J. W. Gass.
Constables— Ed Haley and H. F.
Plummer.
Supervisors — First District, George E.
Rea; Fourth District, W. F. Foss.
BALLOT-BOX STUFFING
WILL NOT BE PERMITTED
PAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— At a meeting of
the Good Government Club this after
• aoon encouraging reports were received
", !rom over the county, showing that all
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jO~6~<^O~O~O~O'~O~O''^
*» Ii #' focAhcU cSt 1 11 ml 4W
'P ifew^^Sl^^ 1 Should not be allowed to remain in the '^it^^Mik o! !
P aSa^t3itSS&.- mouth. . Have them . treated and itfiaßßfia******
S Filled, Crowned or Bridge Work at Z.
r HALF the usual cost. *T
| TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN £g&tom %
P GOLD FILLINGS from - •••• 75c Z.
"b PLATES, WARRANTED TO FIT, with Free Extraction, from.. $4.50 w
i-> BRIDGEWORK A SPECIALTY (PER TOOTH), FR0M........ $3.50 O
_- . , — . . ' ... — ; ■ — — O
" We will do your dental work without pain, and q
.^ warrant it io be the best. Consultation FREE. D
SITU METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, fT"ls
■»B/'4t'-P T. S. HIGGINS, D.D.S., : - ffl>jL'Wo
;;. : fc W ' ; 9CZ-7: MARKET ; STREET. A J£, t^JM O
* 0 Over Ca?e Zinkand. Fifth Floor— Elevator. '^VKW [^
Q O^- O*o Q ' Q Q Q O 9 O O O O O OO O O O.OAO.gQA9-5 g .O-gJ>.JPLCtI
. ./I &B&¥t&&l£BG£B& ■■■_■■■
is in readiness to combat the Rea forces
at the primaries on Wednesday. There
was a large attendance and great en
thusiasm prevailed. The coming elec
tions were discussed at length and all
arrangements made by members for
work among the voters on that day. It
was freely expressed that no ballot box
stuffing would be permitted by the
gang which has been running munici
pal affairs, and that any attempt at
crookedness would be resisted with
force if necessary.
The attempt of "Boss" Rea to harass
Superintendent of Schools Chipman by
having the Board of Supervisors reject
his bills came in for a good scoring.
Strong addresses were delivered by
prominent members present. It was
stated that the bills of Game Warden
Mackenzie for the full amount of ex
penses allowed by law were never ques
tioned, while the modest expense bills
of Chipman were thrown out. The per
secution of Chipman was referred to as
similar to that of ex-County Clerk Bor
ing. In the latter's case an expert put
into his office by the gang had found
a shortage of $6500, while the findings
of the Commissioner before whom tes
timony was taken showed a shortage
of only $39 35, and this through clerical
errors.
Strong men have been put up as del
egates in all precincts of the county,
and the Good Government Club is con
fident of success at the primaries.
MAGUIRE LIKED BY
VENTURA DEMOCRATS
VENTURA, Aug. 6.— The Democratic
county convention met this afternoon
and elected the following delegates to
the State convention: Adolfo Cama
rillo, Paul Charlebois, A. L. Drown,
Brice Grimes, J. Logan Kennedy, John
McGonigle, Thomas O. Toland and M.
Montgomery. The county convention
was called for Monday, September 5.
Primaries for the election of delegates
to the county convention will fee held
on Saturday, September 3.
The Populist County Central Commit
tee met this afternoon and issued a call
for its county convention, to be held j
on Monday, September 5. Primaries
will be held on Saturday, August 27.
The Democrats passed resolutions in
dorsing James G. Maguire for Gover
nor and instructing the delegates to
vote for him. The delegates favor
Charles Barlow for Congressman from
the Sixth District.
ANTIOCH, Aug. 6.— At the Demo
cratic primary election here to-day
Curtis Montgomery and Peter Peterson
were elected from the Second Ward and j
L,. Meyer, James Nolan and Captain j
John Turner from the First Ward as
delegates to the Democratic county
convention to be held in Martinez next
Saturday.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 6.— The Republi- |
can County Central Committee met to
day and decided to hold the primaries ;
on August 16 to select delegates to the !
State convention. W. K. Radcliff was j
elected delegate at large. The delegates
will be instructed to use every honor
able means to secure the nomination
of Frank Mattison of Santa Cruz as a |
member of the State Board of Equall- |
zation. A telegram was sent to Presi
dent McKinley on behalf of the Repub
licans of this county indorsing his ad
ministration.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 6.— At a meeting
of Republicans this evening to nom
inate delegates to the State convention,
in the interest of W. R. Davis for Gov
ernor, G. S. Langand and J. W. Tom
ford were nominated for this end of the
Forty-sixth Assembly District.
SALINAS, Aug. 6.— The Democratic
County Committee met this afternoon
and named as delegates to the State
convention Judge S. C. Smith, Patrick
Jordan. T. Renison, J. K. Alexander,
B. V. Sargent, District Attorney P. E.
Zabala, James McMahon, S. W. Coffey, !
B. W. Leigh. Charles Hart. R. F. j
Johnson and R. A. Maudlin. The dele- j
gates were instructed to vote at the
convention for J. G. Maguire first, last
and all the time. The primaries for
electing delegates to the county con
vention were set for September 13, and
the convention for September 10.
WELLS-FARGO STUBBORN.
Makes No Effort to Avoid Prosecu
tion at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 6.— The M-r
chants' and Manufacturers' Association
is yet without reply to its letter to Wells,
Fargo & Co., stating the conditions on
which it would agree to defer legal ac
tion. United States District Attorney
Flint la still in communication with the
Attorney General, and until definite in
structions are received from him the case
will remain in statu quo.
It will be brought up for further dis
cussion, however, at meeting of the
board of directors ot the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association on Monday,
and a definite line of action decided upon.
Since Thursday Wells, Fargo & Co.
have permitted the shippers to cancel the
war stamp. fc>. A. Butler, agent of the
company, says that at first they were in
some doubt as to whose duty it was to
cancel the stamp, but he has secured the
opinion of Deputy Internal Revenue Col
lector Harrison to tne effect that the one
who affixes the stamp snould cancel it,
and either the company or the shipper
may affix it. The only requirement now
made by the company is that the receipt
be signed, thus closing the transaction,
before the stamp is ariixed.
Volunteer Engineers for Porto Rico.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— The First Regi
ment of United States Volunteer .Engin
eers will sail early to-morrow morning for
Porto Rico on the transport Chester. The
1154 officers and men wore brought down
from Peekskill on barges early to-day and
thf-n transferred to the Chester off Lib
erty Island.
Fastest Four-Year-Old of the Year.
PORTLAND, Me.. Aug. 6.— At Rigby
Park to-day the gelding Nice, son of the
51 25 000 Arion, made a record of 2:0 < JJ 1.2,1 .2,
making him the fastest 4-year-old of the
year and the first of the Arions to get
into the 2:in list.
To Be Honored for Bravery.
BERKELEY, Aug. C— Captain William
McCltave of Berkeley nan received a let
ter from his son. Lieutenant Robert Mc-
Cleave, now at Santiago. The letter was
dated July 13. and ( onlirms the report
that the young Berkeley officer came out
of the engagement before Santiago with
out serious injury. It adds. also, that
Lieutenant McCleave's commanding offi
cer Captain Turner, has recomm* nded
him for honorable mention for his
bravery during the Cuban campaign.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1808.
THE PROPHETS
ALL AT SEA
Guessing as to Republi
can Nominees.
NO PRONOUNCED FAVORITES
INTEREST CENTERING IN THE
STATE CONVENTION.
Sacramento Clubs Make Extensive
Preparations for the Accom
modation of Delegates
and Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 6.— The ap
proaching Republican convention prom
ises to excel all previous political gath
erings in this State in interest and im
portance. In this part of California
there is unusual interest manifested.
At the same time everybody seems to
be in a state of doubt and expectancy.
There is an absence of concentration
upon any one point or person when the
gubernatorial question is broached. All
minds meet in the concession of Ma
gulre's forlorn hope, but when it
comes to the question who shall profit
from his certain defeat no one hazards
a reply or gives expression to a
choice.
The people in these parts are going
to be wonderfully tolerant this year,
I and the only desire they seem to have
is one for a good, strong, energetic Re
publican, whose election will serve >-S
a message of commendation to Presi
dent McKinley and incidentally dispose
of many-sided Maguire.
Great preparations are being made
for the proper reception of the dele
gates and visitors in general on the
23d inst. The pavilion is being put
into order for both conventions, and
from experience in the past the com
mittee in charge will be in a position
|to provide most handsomely for the
! accommodation of all concerned. The
i various Republican clubs throughout
the city have united in a plan of enter
tainment which will consist of a high
Jinks or smoker at the old pavilion on
the first night of the convocation. An
elaborate programme is being arranged
and a grand rally of visiting Republi-
I cans is looked forward to. The clubs'
j reception committee has arranged for
i headquarters at the Golden Eagle dur
ing the convention, where all visitors
will be welcomed and provided for.
The Captain McKinley Club will
have charge of the ratification meeting
following the nominations.
Never before in the history of Sacra
mento has there been such an over
whelming demand for accommodations
in advance of a coming event.
PASSENGERS AND
GOLD FROM ALASKA
The Alliance Arrives at Seattle With
$300,G00 and 112 Men From
Dawson City.
SEATTLE, Aug. 6.— The steamer Alli
ance arrived here to-night from St. Mich
ael with 120 passengers, 112 of whom are
from Dawson City. Of these only about
forty had gold. The amount they had be
tween them is estimated at $300,000.
Three McKinnon brothers of Victoria,
B. C, and W. G. McDonald of Welling
ton, B. C, old-timers, had about $40,000 in
nuggets. C. Blythman of London, Eng
land brought about $11,000, and A. Byers,
of Byers, Wash., had about $TOW. These
were" the largest individual amounts.
Captain Hadwick of the Alliance states
that there Is an improvement in the sit
uation at St. Michael and he thinks that
the stranded passengers will in a short
time be able to get up the river. Sev
eral river steamers that were being
towed up have arrived and in a short
time they will relieve the congestion.
The steam schooner, concerning which
there was some uneasiness, arrived at
St. Michael July 2*5 with her tow of
three river steamec,". Nothing has yet
been seen of the Moran fleet of river
steamers and the reports regarding them
are very conflicting. One report has them
all wrecked; another report has it that
four of them have reached Munivak in
safety and are waiting there for the re
mainder of the fleet to join them.
JIM CRANE JOKED
ABOUT ENDING LIFE
CONFIDED TO FRIENDS THAT
HE HAD TROUBLES.
He Fully Recovers From the Gas He
Inhaled at His Office Last
Tuuisday Jlight
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 6.
There seems to be little doubt that ex-
County Clerk James E. Crane intended
to commit suicide on Thursday night,
when he was found in his office nearly
asphyxiated by escaping gas. The pre
vious afternoon Mr. Crane was convers
ing with John Shay, the contractor, O.
A. Dennison and J. W. Dutton. Mr.
Crane remarked that things were not
goinj? as he desired and that he had so
much trouble that he thought he would
end his life. His remark was treated as
a jest.
"Not a bad idea," said Mr. Shay. "I
will help you. I will get a rope and a
grindstone and put you aboard a ferry
boat and you can easily do the rest."
"Won't you come with me and push me
off the deck?" said Crane.
"Not a bit of it," said Shay. "If a man
wants to die very badly he would be
quite satisfied with the assistance that
I said I would gl-ve him."
Eight hours later .'ames Crane was
found unconscious in his office with the
gas turned on. He is now thoroughly re
covered.
Captain Barnes' Joke.
OAKLAND, Aug. One little expres
sion used by Captain "Billy" Barnes at
the Young- Men's Kepublican houßewarm
ing last night Is causing quite a little In
terest to-day. There was some u.inculty
in inducing the captain to speak in this
city, and when he did speak this is a part
of what he said:
"I want to say to you what I know my
friend Colonel Stone is go-ing to say to
you. because I . feel in my Heart he is
going to say it, and in that pleasant way
e<> that you will all ko away satlslled, but
1 want to say it first— that if nobody else
gets the Republican nomination for Gov
ernor Alameda County will be sure of it."
Will Be a Test Case.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6. — City Attorney
Dow this afternoon filed a demurrer to
the complaint of Dr. C. M. Selfrldge in
the suit wherein the doctor wishes to as
certain whether, the city is liable for the
bills of physicians who treat insane pa
tients at. the Receiving Hospital. Several
physicians who have had such cases have
assigned their claims, to ; Dr. Selfrldge, in
order to make it a test case.
. Herb Doctor/fined.
OAKLAND Aug. 6.— Mrs. A. R. Cray
ton, the herb doctor, ; was fined $50 by
Police Judge Allen this morning for prac
ticing medicine without a license. Attor
ney George W. Reed, on behalf of tiie
herb doctor, asked for the minimum sen
tence, which was granted. \ v'.'  ;'V
t m •
' Advances mad a on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.'
RULINGS ON
THE WAR TAX
Some Documents That
Do Not Need Stamps.
CEMETERY DEEDS EXEMPT
MUCH INFORMATION GIVEN BY
COMMISSIONER SCOTT.
Various Kinds of Instruments Upon
Which the Revenue Require
ments Must Not Be
Evaded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— The Com
sioner of Internal Revenue has decided
that deeds to cemetery lots, which con
j vey only the right to burial therein, to
! erect monuments, etc., do not require a
! revenue stamp under the new law. He
I held also, in another case, that on
Is of conveyance the tax should be
puted upon the true value of the
lerty conveyed; that on deeds con
ng only a specific fractional Inter
in undivided property the tax
ild be computed on the actual value
tie interest conveyed; also that all
Is of conveyance where the value of
property exceeds $100 must be
stamped. The fact that the deed is a
II of gift from husband or wife does
exempt it from tax. A quitclaim
I or a deed made to correct a de
in a previous deed must be
certificate on the back or margin
, mortgage that the mortgage has
i satisfied requires a stamp as a
iflcate. Where, however, the local
> authorize entry in satisfaction
1 the record, and the mortgage is
i canceled, such entry does not re
e a stamp,
tters of administration, letters tes
entary or of guardianship, It is
, do not require stamps, but peti
for the appointment of adminis
trators, executors or guardians do re
quire stamps, as do bonds of adminis
trators, executors or guardians. No
stamp is required on certificate of tax
sale for unpaid taxes, nor on the cer
tificate of redemption from sale.
It is held also that every separate
consignment of goods delivered for
storage requires a receipt which must
be stamped if the consignment requires
several days in delivery. It need not,
however, have but one tax of 23 cents
on its receipt if it can be shown to
be but one consignment. If no ware
house receipts is issued the book of the
express company delivering the con
signment being signed as a receipt, the
stamp should be affixed thereto. Mere
local operators for the delivery of
packages, baggage and the like within
the same town, may give receipts
which are not required to be stamped.
Where, In consideration of an addi
tion to the regular storage charge, an
additional responsibility is assumed the
instrument is stamped as an insurance
policy at the rate of 1 rent on each
dollar of premium charged. It is also
held that where a policy of life insur
ance is assigned as collateral security
for a loan exceeding $1000 it should be
stamped as a pledge according to the
amount of the debts secured and not
according to the face of the policy.
GOT AWAY WITH
MONEY AND CIGARS
THIEVES RAID A MARKET
STREET LIQUOR HOUSE.
An Entrance Was Effected Through
the Skylight on the One-
Story Extension.
Despite the watchfulness of the min
ions of Lees, thieves broke Into the estab
lisment of Mohns & Kaltenbach at 29
Market street Friday night, and after
holding high revel in the store room at
the rear succeeded in getting away with
their booty.
The thieves gained access to the store
by climbing over the neighboring roofs
and breaking in a skylight on the one
story extension. There was a pile of
boxes under the skylight, and it was an j
easy drop from the roof to the boxes and j
the boxes to the floor. After drinking
all the liquor they could hold, the thieves
visited the front part of the store and
emptied the cash register, which con
taised about $30 in cash and $10 worth
of revenue stamps. They also loaded
themselves down with cigars and went
out the way they came.
An inspe. ion of the roof showed foot
prints leading toward a row of dilapld
ated lodging houses fronting on Steuart
Btreet, but the buildings in the vicinity
are so constructed that if a man gets on
the roof of one he could moke an entire
circuit of the block over ths roofs with
very little difficulty.
No clew to the robbers has yet been
found, although some of the "best men'
on the force, under the supervision of I
Chief Lees, are working on the case.
Professor James Coming.
BERKELEY, Aug. 6.— Professor Wil- !
liam James of Harvard University, a
celebrated psychologist and philosopher,
will arrive in Berkeley August 24. He
comes at the invitation of the Philosophi
cal Union of the University of California.
Profesßor James will give a series of
lectures before the union in the nature
of a defense and exposition of his re
cently published work, "The Will to Be
lieve." His coming will be of special In
terest to students of philosophy, as his
fame and ability have received unusual
recognition both at home and among the
philosophical schools of Germany, Eng
land and France. Before returning to the
East he wllladdress the teachers of Ala
meda County in a convention to be called
for September 12.
A Berkeley Finn Attached.
BERKELEY. Aug. 6.— The firm of
Douglass Bros., on the corner of Ashby
and Shattuck avenues, has been attached,
and the property will be sold by Conata
ble Cronfn on August 12. The action ia
brought by two creditors of the firm-
Otto G. Tackle and F. Walter.
Democratic Delegates.
BERKELEY, Aug. 6.— The Democratic
committee of Berkeley has decided to
elect delegates to the State convention by
club roil. For this purpose the roll is
now ready at 2129 Stanford place, and
will be kept open until 9 p. m. August 10. ,
Berkeley will vote for three delegates.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Aug. 6.— Peter J. Rodgers
and W. F. Esmond of Berkeley have been
appointed Deputy Constables by Con
stable Cronin.
The infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Hancock died this morning at the fam
ily residence on Fulton street.
Professor Louis Dv Pont Lyle has re
turned from New York. Ho was one of
the principal lecturers this year at the
summer session of Chautauqua.
President Martin J. Kellogg, of the Uni
versity of California, will appoint the
faculty committees for the coming college
year next Monday morning.
Miss Mabel Edwards and Donald Mc-
Kee, of the class of "01, Berkeley High
School, have been elected associate edi
tors of Olla Podrida, the school paper.
P^ralta Camp No. 123, Woodmen of the
World, have installed officers for the en
suing term as follows: Paolo Salisbury,
J E. Little, Thomas Wilson, E. H.
Driggs, W. H. Waste and W. T. Gom
pertz.
MAY THE BEST
YACHT WIN
Sir Thomas Lipton on
His Challenge.
ALL OBSTACLES REMOVED
PAPERS PROBABLY HAVE BEEN
DISPATCHED.
The Shamrock Will Be a Ninety-
Footer, Cuttei-Rigg-ed, and
Will Be Ready by the
End of February.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— According to the
Star, the challenge of Sir Thomas Lip
ton for a race for the America cup
will be dispatched this afternoon by
the Royal Ulster Yacht Club to the
New York Yacht Club.
Continuing, the Star says an ar
rangement has been reached in regard
to a certain condition suggested isre,
which the challenger disapproved of.
Mr. Charles S. Russell, Sir Thimas
Lipton's representative In the matter,
is conferring this evening with Mr.
William Fife, the designer on whose
plans the challenging yacht will be
built at Belfast. They are at the
country seat of Sir Thomas Lipton.
Sir Thomas Lipton, in the course of
an interview with a representative of
the Associated Press this evening, said:
"A deputation of three members of
the Royal Ulster Yacht Club met me
and Mr. Russell in London this morn
ing and drew up the challenge, which
was forthwith cabled to the New York
Yacht Club, whose reply I hope to re
ceive on Monday. The challenge' Is
absolutely conditionless, and I am per
fectly satisfied that the race will be
conducted with the same impartiality
as are the Cowes races, and that all
the Americans desire the best boat to
win, as my colleagues and myself do.
"The details of the races, if the chal
lenge is accepted, will be arranged by
the New York Yacht Club and Mr.
Russell, who expects to sail on "Wed
nesday and prepare the ground for
three members of the Royal Ulster
Yacht Club, including Secretary Kelly,
who will proceed to New York later.
"My boat will be a ninety-footer,
cutter rigged. The design and model
of the Shamrock are already completed,
as I have been working for months to
consummate my purpose. The yacht
will be completed by the end of Feb
ruary. There have been some efforts
to secure the services of Captain Wil
liam O'Neill as skipper, but this has
not been definitely settled. I hope
also that Mr. John Jameson, owner of
the Iverna, will help us race the Sham
rock."
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The following officers of Social Coun
cil have been installed for the current
term, W. P. Gibson being- the installing
officer: Past councilor, M. Stott; coun
cilor, Mrs. Kate A. Adams; vice-coun
cilor, J. S. Karr; prelate. Miss Clara Mc-
Donald; Instructor, Mrs. Baccus; secre
tary, A. G. Baker; treasurer, F. Upas;
marshal, Mrs. Alder; warden, Mrs. Bu
ford; guard, Miss Mary McDonald; sen
try. Mrs. Kruse.
At the meeting of the Progressive
Council in the hall of Falrmount Coun
cil in the latter part of July there was
presented, after the public installation of
the officers of Fairmount. by W. F. Gib
son, P. S. R., assisted by C. M. Arnold,
P. S. C, Miss Clara McDonald. G. T., E.
B. Street, P. C. of Concord Council, and
A. G. Baker, deputy grand councilor, act
ing as grand marshal, a programme of
entertainment, the principal features of
which were a piano solo by Mrs. E. Van
Buckley, recitation by E. B. Street, W. F.
Gibson told what he knew of his friend
Mr Cohn. and a recitation by Miss Man
ton. Then refreshments were served.
These meetings by the Progressive Coun
cil are doing much to arouse an unusual
feeling of sociability in the order, and a.
F. Baiter, who is the chairman, is work
ing very hard to attain that end.
Golden Gate Council wfll at the meet
ing on the 12th inst. Increase its member
ship by accepting- the membership of an
other council.
Grand Councilor Boehm will during the
current month visit councils at Downie
vllle Grass Valley. Angels and Sonora.
Grand Recorder Wallis and Supreme
Trustee Keefer visited Sacramento Coun
cil last week and gave some important
information as to the order.
SONS OF BENJAMIN.
The following named have been Installed
as officers of California Lodge of the T.
■ O S. of B. : A. Michaels, Ex-P. ; A. Meyer,
P • Dr. A. Nusbaum. V. P.: H. L. Spring-
I er,' R. and F. S. ; B. Wacholder, T. ; L. L.
■ Langley, C; W. Schneebaum, I. G.; A.
! Mendelsohn, 0.G. ; Dr. Nusbaum, physi
: clan.
Union Patriotic Mass Meeting.
The patriotic union mass meeting at the
; Young Men's Christian Association audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, to be
held this afternoon at 3 o'clock, will be
addressed by Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.
Special music; solos by Mrs. Eva M. Ten
1 ney and Arthur Macurda. A most inter
esting service; open to both men and
women; the public invited.
■ ♦ ■
Niles Herald Changes Hands.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— The Niles Herald
has changed hands this week, and 1b now
the property of A. R. and H. J. Waters of
this city. The paper covers the field In
Washington Township, and was owned by
F V. Vivian. Messrs. Waters are two of
the best-known newspaper men In this
county, one having been with the En
quirer and the other with the county bu
reau of The Call for some years.
"Jack the Kisser" Convicted.
OAKLAND. Aug. 6.— John Johnson,
dubbed "Jack, the Kisser." wan this
afternnon convicted of assault and sen
tenced to three months' Imprisonment in
the County Jail by Judpe Ellsworth.
Johnson is a young man of about 23 years
of age, and the woman assaulted Is Mrs.
Mathilda yon Derheite, aged over 65
years. The jury was out about half an
hour.
Runaway San Francisco Boys.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 6.— Four San Fran
cisco youths, giving the names of James
Purcell, Matt Brady, Steve Philips and
Charles Thurston. and their ages 15, 16,
18 and 19 years respectively, were arrested
In this city about 5:30 o"clook this morn-
Ing They acknowledged that they had
run' away "from home, and after being de
tained several hours they were warmly
lectured and pent home.
Board of Health.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 6.— The Board of
Health transacted routine business at its
meeting last night. There were thirteen
deaths in July and twenty-four births.
Also nine cases of contagious disease, in
eluding two each of tuberculosis, typhoid
fever whooping-cough, measles and one
of chicken-pox. A complaint was rs
celved that the rapid running of electric
cars was injurious to health, find the
matter was referred to the proper com
mittee.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 6.— C. . C. Hanley and
Miss Florence M. Bestow of Brooklyn.
N V we*e married this morning by Rev.
W W. Scudder at the residence of the
brl'de's relatives, 2045 Alameda avenue. No
one but the immediate family was pres-
friends of W. R. Davis will hold a
meeting in this city on Tuesday evening
next, for which good speakers have been
engaged. , ,
The Alameda and Pacific cricket teams
i will play a match at West Alameda to
morrow.
1 i.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^~~—~
' •^—m mm*.
DEPARTMENT.
SPECIAL OFHHrTHIS WEEK.
Commencing to-morrow we place on
sale 4 lines, consisting of 200 pieces of
EARLY FALL DRESS GOODS, at the :
following special prices:
— •^ ff— f\ A SUIT — pieces of English Covert Suitings, in all the new
*£} T -""^ fall colorings, a splendid material for wear, at $3.50 a suit. N
£&* -—^ r~"jr\ A SUIT SO pieces of New Fall Matalasse, in raised effects,
*r> J, Z^9^ a rich satin luster, in the new Blues, Brown, Green, Red and
Beige, a special leader with us at $3,50 a suit
«— fr/» A YARD — 50 pieces 36-inch Cheviot Mixtures, in rich, dark color-
gg£^^ ings, good quality and only 25c a yard.
'-^ f-*r _^ A YARD — pieces of New Granite Plaids, in a large range of hand-
t.'^Z^ some combinations, specially adapted for children's dresses, at 35c
a yard. V«"
EXTRA SPECIAL.
EMBROIDERIES. LACES.
<f> A YARD — 500 pieces of Em-|#^^^^ pieces of Torchon Lace in
i^JC broideries f om one to three M x^ x * very choice patterns, from one
inches wide, in choice patterns, to four inches wide, at sc,
worth 25c, 20c and 15c yaid. BJ^c and 10c yard. . ■"
123 to 129 POST STREET.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Tent, at its last held re
view had a large meeting, and after hav
ing had an initiation there were read six
teen applications for membership. An
other contest has been started in this tent
to secure members. That is, one-half of
the members have enrolled under the
leadership of "General" H. L. Tickner,
and the other half under the leadership
of "Admiral" T. J. Harris. Each will
strivf to bring in the greatest number of
candidates during a certain period, and
at the end of the time the losers will
treat the winners to a fine dinner. As
each side wants tp eat at the expense
of the other, there will be some tall
hustling After the business on Monday
night the knights, including a dozen sol
dier boys. and the ladles of Golden Gate
Hive Ladles of the Maccabees, joined
forces and adjourned to the banquet-room
of the Alcazar, where they enjoyed an ex
cellent collation.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The board of grand directors will meet
to-morrow for the transaction of impor
tant business.
Leo Council of Port Costa will give an
entertainment on the 20th inst. and the
principal address will be delivered by
Grand Treasurer Aggler.
Grand Secretary Stanley and Grand
Treasurer Aggler paid a visit to the
council at Watsonville last Sundaj.
There will be district meeting of coun
anSJTO at Market and Tenth streets on
th N0 25t 2 h l of Oakland is making arrange
ments for an entertainment, to be given
this month.
THE DRIUDS.
The printed proceedings of the recently
held grand grove are being distributed
La*? Tuesday Noble Grand Arch Lews
and Grand Secretary Graves paid a visit
to Galileo Grove as a" mark, of respect to
Deputy Grand Arch J. F. Martinonl who
is a member of the grove. On the fol
lowing n^ght they visited the grove at
the grand officers left for
HuiSoSt 'County where they will visit
E The Picnic of Vasca de Gama Grove at
d?ofe is rapidly increasing in member
ship. 9 .
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST. [
Golden Club, composed of members or
Golden Circle, have arranged for a nov
elty social to be given in the social hall
of the Foresters' building on the evening
° On^threvening of Monday, the 25th '
T oval Circle will give a grand Old
Glory" Party in the Foresters' building
The party" that was given by California ,
Circle last Wednesday night was attend
ed by a 'arge number of people and was
a Lf£rt P v Clrcle^U at its next meeting [
have three candidates to induct into the
mysteries of the order.
WOMAN'S RELIEF CORPS. \
At the last held regular meeting of
General George G. Meade Relief Corps
there was work in the initiatory degree.
The following named were appointed a
committee to make arrangements for an
1 entertainment to be given in the near
! future: Mrs. Bessie Johnson Mrs Kate
! Woods. Mrs. Jennie C. Goodwin and Mrs.
"mtV Mlckelsen, the president of the
corns has gone on a camping expedition
for a few weeks, and during her absence
she will visit corps in the vicinity of
1 where she may be.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger Boehm has arranged
visits as follows during the current
month. He will start on the 16th inst.:
To Sonora. Milton. Copperopolls. Coman
che Coloma. Carter. Soulsbyville, San
Amireaß. Columbia and West Point.
Last Monday night the high chief
ranger exemplified the ritual before a
large number of the officers and members
of the local lodges In Foresters' building.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Last Tuesday the ladies of Institute No. '
4 tendered a reception at headquarters to
Miss Ella Comyns, district deputy. There
was a fine programme of entertainment
and refreshments were served.
The members of Institute No. 7 tendered
a reception to Grand President Mary i
Nagle and a very pleasant evening wafl
spent in the enjoyment of a musical and !
literary programme.
■ "•■■ : 1 ■ » . • 1 ■ . '
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CAVITE TO HONGKONG— Subscriber.
City. The distance from Cavite. Philip
pine Islands, to Hongkong is 625 mlles.-
MAIL FOR DAVVSON-L. 8.. City. Mail
leaves for Dawson from Seattle on the j
15th of each month. Maj. Intended for
that point should be deposited in the post
office in time to reach Seattle not later
than the 14th of the month.
THE ST. PAUL— S., City. The hull of
the transport St. Paul that sailed from
this port some time since was painted
black.
THE SHORTEST ROUTE— J.B. P., City.
The shortest route from San Francisco to
Manila is by the great circle route, 6237
miles.
IN CHINATOWN— G. 8., Presidio, Cal.
It is estimated that at this time there are
about 20,000 Chinese in what is known aa
the Chinatown of San Francisco.
TRANSPORTS— R. S. J.. City. The
United States Government pays from $600
to $1000 a day for the transports it has
chartered for the purpose of conveying'
troops to distant points. It would be
impossible to answer the question as to
the average of each vessel without an ex
amination of the records of the Navy
Department, and as to the continuance of
payment, that depends upon the contract
between the Government and the ship
owners.
THE AMERICAN FLAG— C. B. 8..
City. The American flag has been
known as "Old Glory" not only
since the commencement of the
war but since Captain Driver called it
such when he raised it to the masthead
of his vessel several years before the
Civil War. It was not, however, popu
larly known as such until the incident of
raising- it over the dome of the State
building at Nashville, Term., as described
in this department a few days since; but
it has been known as the Star-poangled
banner ever since it was so denominated
by Francis Scott Key when he wrote his
Immortal song during the bombardment
of Fort McHenry in ISI4. There is no
country in the world in which the Ameri
can flag is not known as the "Star
spangled Banner," and there are but few
countries where Old Glory is spoken of
that it is not known that the American
flag is meant.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MACKAY'S,
: J
A ..-.:: . ■'-.
Department
To Be
Closed Out !
To Effect a Quick Return of Investment
in Our ■
Furniture
Department
The 833,000- stock of ■ same is -to bo •
offered at LESS THAN ACTUAL COST,
commencing
MONDAY, AUGUST BTH. -
We take space for a few quotations
to convince the public of the serious-
ness of our intention.
Solid Oak CENTER TABLES:-. . . . .40c •
Solid Oak DINING CHAIRS.. 51 .00
Solid Oak Arm COBBLER ROCk-
ERS .......:.... *1 .75
Large Antique : Oak CHIFFONIERS.
..........$3.05
3-plece Eastern ' Hard-wood CHAM-
BER SUITS. French plate.. -...512.«5
3-piece Solid Oak CHAMBER SUITS,
bevel plate 2«x30 fIS.OO
CORDUROY COUCHES r $0.25
BED LOUNGES, patent $5.25
5-plece PARLOR SETS, In fine TAP-
ESTRIES .... $21.50
HALLRACKS ..........$4.25
* These represent from 25 to 50 per cent
Of PREVAILING RETAIL PRICES.
. Figure it out.
CARPETS!
In this department during Furniture
Close-out LOW .PRICES prevail.
SMITHS BEST TAPESTRY.... 65c
AXMIN'STKH .....;............... 81.15 •
MOQUETTE RUGS, 27x63. ....... .S5
MOQUETTE RUGS. 36x72 ...... $3-25
LINOLEUMS ........T.45C
WATCH OUR WINDOWS AND OUB
PEIGSS.
ALEX M4CKAY & SON,
715 Market St.IROQUOIS AT
MARE ISLAND
i?ug Puts in to Take on
"iy* ■.'• Torpedoes.
DERELICT TO BE BLOWN UP
". S?IIiL ! EESUME SEARCH FOE A
■:H:.':' : ] WRECKED SHIP.
i'l^irge' Force of Men Engaged in Re-
V: -modeling the Ranger — "Work
:.3\w---on the Yorktown Pro
7;='V.::;; pressing Rapidly.
;•■- .. Special Dispatch to The Call.
. : :\~AI.I,E.TO. Aug. 6.— The tug Iroquoi3
-•arrived at Mare Island this morning to
. take on twelve torpedoes to use in
: bloving up the derelict which has been
V reported floating across the path of
;. Vessels about 500 miles from San Fran-
Pisco. Gunner J. C. Evans will go on
. tlie trip to handle the torpedoes should
the : hulk be sighted. Captain Turner
>; of the Iroquois expects to be gone two
: '•/■Keeks. He will receive his torpedo out
.• fit to-morrow and start for San Fran
cisco, stopping at Red Ruck to adjust
'. '■: the ■ Iroquois' compasses. The tug will
. go-tQ sea on Monday.
.'. There is a vast amount of work
.:.: fn the yard. About 75 men are busy
■.;:bn-.th.&- Ranger. The work on her will
=cciisurne several months. When ready
/i'torVJßfa. she will be barkentine rigged,
have flush deck and be armed with
\ -.'sir rapid-fire four-inch rifles and six
.. ; sIX-ipbunders, besides smaller guns, and
: .will- be a splendid vessel for 'cruising
/purposes, as her coal consumption is
•. small. The Alert probably will be re
; .-Vtricsdeied in the same manner.
Avork on the Yorktown is progressing
.rapidly. Every possible bit of wood
: •v-wiii .be taken out and conjugated iron
•■' ■substituted. Her rapid-fire six-inch
'■../'■. gnin"s.:are ready to be placed on board
■. as. soon as the ship is ready to receive
f_' ihfern. . f
/' : T^he Adams and Hartford will be j
"■..Bcgdes of considerable activity shortly,
■•;• felt these vessels will probably not get
Xthelr.rinodern batteries for some time.
■■•■.■■ : PLt?i? for fourteen new houses to be 1
erected as officers' quarters in the yard
• are -nearly completed, and will be for
: •warded to Washington very soon. It
• : iar licit- known here if the houses will be
•. erected by the yard force or by con
; tract:". .
•': Workmen are working ---artime to
., plete two steam launches which
'; formerly belonged to the Alert, which
: 3.re to be shipped to Manila on the next
.:. ■/transport for use of the army authori-
-BEUEVED TO HAVE SLAIN
HER BLIND HUSBAND
Horrible Crime Followed by the
Suicide of the Suspected
,: '..'-.. . Woman.
''■: .NEW BRUNSWICK, X. J.. Augr. 6.—
f a inurde-r and suicide which i
..-• tight was discovered
oon in S"uth River, a village !
from here. Charles Tohansen,
in, 4r; years of age, and his wife,
. itina, three years his junior, were
i dead. It Is the genera] opin
• bat the woman killed her husband
r tmltted suicide.
'..'l"'. :>■ Yohansen's ma i I : ffman
little hotel on Main street. They i
■. -1: >■« not live happily t< gether, often quar
is not |
);•:■■•! for business this morning as
•• isual, and at noon the neighbors Investl-
Lying on a stairway leading to
!•• .he floor upstairs was found the body of ,
:■' he Mind landlord. There was a pi<
clothesline about his throat, showing
''•plainly that he had been strangled. In
:he kitchen Mrs. Yohansen was found
lead, with nor throat cut. The I
. ;hat th- wife committed the double crime '
: i ned by the fact that the knife
■ ."'with which her throat had been cut was i
found in her hand.
PREPARING FOR EMERGENCIES.
England Realizes the Tension Be
tween London and St. Petersburg.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— That extreme
. 3fplomatic tension exists between St.
!. Petersburg and London is generally
...admitted to-day, though the officials
leprecate the alarmist reports which
.vere current yesterday. It is hop -d
:hat the firmer Ftand adopted by the
Slarquis of Salisbury during the last
 lew days, which seems to have already
created some misgiving at St. Pet^rs
>urg-, will have the desired effect of ar
' •-sting Russian aggressiveness. It is
.:.. 'elfboth here and on the Continent that
:• :;ke outcome of the dispute in regard
.o the new Chwang railroad extension
' '$'. .the crucial point of the success or
ailure of Great Britain's policy of the
>'•'• f tipep door."
As evidence of the fact that Great
••".Britain appreciates the gravity of the
. : Situation the Associated Press learns
. :hat the admiralty is preparing for all
iinergencies and that It will soon be
r-ady to mobilize.
ADMISSION DAY FETE.
■:' SAUSALITO, Aug. 16.— At its last meet
•-.-: np Sea Point Parlor, Native Sons of the
.- }• .c!<-.'j West, decided to celebrate Admis
rton day in Sausalito. A committee on
ixrangements was appointed in the per
• ions of George Dott. F. Fiedler, William
■•• William Milton and J. H. Prvor.
t Is stated that the soldiers at Fort
'. Baker will turn out 400 strong. The Fire
• . : Department and various secret societies
Via take part. Literary exercises will
>* held In the pavilion of the exposition
grounds. In the- evening the town will be
illuminated and a grand ball will
■
California Fruit Condemned.
NCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 6.— The fruit
•rday made a seizure of
rn!a fruit. A consignment of forty
of ;.'.-irs and s«-\fra.l boxes of apples
t- Pn'-ramrnto were condemned arid
;u";; v " ; Y*A. on the ground that
.-• ■»«>• were affected with codlin moth.
Bates for Hop Picking.
■ 6A>ITA ROSA, Aug. 6.-A largely at
:; -ended meeting of the Sonoma County
. |op Growers' Association was held here
.. his afternoon. The growers reported a
-.-■ rood average crop of hops. The price of
'.. ticking was fixed at 80 cents per 100
>ounds. v
•• Santa Rosa's Valuations.
. SANTA ROSA. Aug. 6.— City Assessor
Illvershield to-niKht completed the as
•.:-ressment roll for Santa Rosa. It shows
"■ Increase in the value ut property of
■, i-xet $10,000 in the last year. The total
. raluation of all property is $3,737,055.
Falls to His Death.
SAN RAMON, Aug. 6.— Frank Sllveira
: Joularte met • death yesterday afternoon
.-• iv falling from a barn he was building.
lls neck and back were broken. He was
• i yeara of age.
Big Fire at Oswald Quay.
HAMBURG, Aug. 6.— A fire on Oswald
: (Uiy last night, originating in spontan
■ cms combustion axnid cotton, destroyed
• a'er a million marks' worth of merchan
• Use.
THE EMPOBITJM.
T f h c h Fi N Fail saks. v^pmmmp - w£>WkMm*d^w%>WM iiUJI ' Fail Catal ' R^d** £
silk stock yet shown in the big store ~ PiliyHfiltf |P^l" - fig WLM |w^S in press. Edition will be limited, so if you wish "£
These extra-heavy Taffetas are all 20 inches wide. Tne fm m MJ W^* | W GMB * ' y *
beautiful new designs include fancy checks, strip-d eff?cts I^H^*^^ T~j _ f p'M us to mail- you one tree send name and address J
F^-4Sol€i«HllCBa@<B©a3sa.aP > . tm now. . I
WM^mM^^^^^mM California's l^gest-america-s grandest sto%e. WTTooinvm, /oiks only. t
orange and lavender are among the new colorings. _ _ ■ . <*F
Our New Shoe Department
(Opened for Business Thursday)*
It is a new department in every sense of the word. New location in the store (first section
at right of main entrance), new fixtures, new clerks and a complete new stork, that is new in char-
acter, as well as in styles. Every shoe there got its first showing last Thursday— Shoe Depart-
ment opening day. . , , , . _ _ . . T . „ o i
The new manaeer is an expert shoe man, familiar with the demands of Sin Francisco shoe-buyers-. The really
superior stock tha?he has selected and the lowness ot the prices cannot fail to win confidence and tig trade for our new
Shoe Department.
Here Are a Few of the Prosperity-Bringers:
Chii-
fs^^^l«\ Paris Kid
M^eVjSL^ Shoes,
■'-•^,-vrJ>^ -* — soles,
spring heels, a perfect dres^ <t«« -7-5
shoe, siz-s 5 to 8, at JI.ZO
Children's P.iris Kid Lace Shoes,
kid and cloth tops, new coin toes,
patent leather tips, flexible soies,
spring h-e!s. very neat and dur-
able. sizes B}^ to 11, our >. t -£-
leader, at *£f* ZD
Misses' Dongola KiJ Lace Shoes,
kid or cloth tops, new coin toes,
patent leather tips, flexible soles,
spring heels, very stylish and ,j. f .~
neat in fit, sizes iij^ to 2, at.. 4>K4O
Three G. od ll rk mTi r
in unaerwear*
s\ 4K& Jita 1 Ladies' Spun Silk Vests— hmd-
r \ " Y^tx \U I H somely finished around neck and arm-
//'A \~ vjkl lets— colors cream, pink, sky rQ
iil V >y §f\\ blue and black— each 37C
\jO^^*'*\ \ Children's Heavy Jersey Ribbed
Jft V\\V\\\it/A \ Vests and Pants — colors r.atural jr
/^VWyjf/ / ar:d ecru— each *OC
'^Xl y^A\\\ Children's Heavy Fleece- lined
nrrvl / A\Y\|l'^ ersev Ribbed Combination Suits —
] f jiiM : " My colors natural and ecru — each... "\r r
„ ZDC
Four Values in T •
• Household J-inens*
Satin Finish Table Damask— pure linen and fine — 88
inches wide (for extra wide tables)— a very special &\fr
value — per yard - 4> J.ZD
High grade, closely woven Bleached Table Damask —
glossy as satin — linen— 70 inches wide— per yard.. __
Cream Table Damask — 64 inches wid? — made of fine
fiber flax-— becomes snow wh:te with a few washings rr*
— a heavy qu.iJity, in eood patterns— per yard.......... 3UC
Huck Towels — absolutely all linen — 46 inches long and
22i.£ inches wide— made to absorb freely and wear -..- ~~
— per dozen - 3>.j.UU
£% in C New Lines Hosiery*
£m in New Lines OOSiery*
%£ -\ Children's IXI Ribbed Double
AtfflLJdl Thread Fast Black Seamless Cotton
Wfh ' — "A Hose, extra double knees, sizes 5 to
/1/ 1 f \ io, per pair
yih \ 20c.
// / Tftf\v j!l> Misses' Fine Ribbed Hermsdorf
// Vi^yX '// Black Maco Cotton Hose, double
I'J /fj\ knees, heels and toes, siz?s sto 9)4,
A jfflkM our great leader at
I M > DC -
t'lfb a> Ladies' Ingrain Black Maco Cotton
|j| Hose, unbleached soles, doub'e knees
(Jjj; and toes, Hermsdorf black, very
in special value, per pair
J»{j 25c.
Money-Saving: Curtain Dpnr
Chances in the V^UlTain LJZpi.
Chenille laDle Covers, 5 feet square, handsomely pat-
terned, good colorings, values at £2.25 each, our ,-,. „
price .pK/3
Tapestry Table Covers, 4 feet square, pretty pat- q~
terns, an assortment of colorings, each 7UC
White Lace Curtains in fine Brussels effects, 3^ yards
long, 54 inches wide, sold originally for J4.50 P r <**
pair, reduced now to • 4>O.DU
Splendid Values in lish Point Curtains. 3^yards -^ „-.
long, 48 inches wide, at per pair $4, $3.-50 an 1 4>J.UU
Fish Net and Nottingham Lace Curtains in all --.
new effects, full size, per pjir $1.25 and ••••• 4>*.jU
Ottoman Portieres, 3 yards long, 50 inches wide, * . -n
new designs and colorings, per pair 4j4.3U
Tapestry Portieres in good patterns and in all staple
shades, length 3 yards, width 50 inches, sold origi- *- _-
nally for 14.50 per pair, reduced now 4>j./j
, .
/\ Here's a New f* 1 „-„,>„„„
/ \v Wrinkle in ; v^ameras*
j^_ >v Vive ereoscopic Magazine
/p7*s£ ) Camera and Stereoscope. The
$KV>O^C_ latest thing in the photographic
a^^Ay^^^^ line. Every "Camera Fiend" will
//^W^^'il want one - Will take 12 stereo-
Hi Tl f© ®l scopic pictures or 24 single pictures
l^JJll $<gJ^ witho t reloading. Price of Cam-
1 era, with S'ereoscope, 512.
Send for Vive Catalogue.
ANXIOUS TO TAKE
AGGRESSIVE ACTION
Admiral Sampson Would Like to Do
Some Warlike Work Along
Cuba's South Coast.
PLAYA DEL ERTE, Aug. 6.— The
auxiliary cruiser St. Louis has arrived
here from Porto Rico under orders to
assist in taking the United States
troops home from Santiago. Captain
Goodrich thinks his ship is too long to
enter the harbor and he will remain
here until the matter Is settled.
The transport Ran Juan arrived from
Santiago with troops and provisions
and proceeded to Caimanera. The Ar
mesia has left for Key West. The
fleet remains here, waiting orders from
Washington.
Admiral Sampson expresses the hope
that the peace negotiations will come
to a quick conclusion. He is anxious
to take aggressive action along the
Bouth coast without delay, or in the
event of peace being concluded to im
mediately relieve the suffering im
posed by the rigor of the blockade.
Throughout the campaign Admiral
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
I THE EMPORIUM. I
Ladies' Vici Kid Lice Shoes, fancy
basket cloth tops, new coin tee, pat-
ent leather tips, flexible sewed soles,
the result of Ion? experience and care-
ful application of the newest mo '-
els, lasts and patterns, our - f QO
Itader $1.70
Our
n 535 3. 50 line
i"* 1 — - _ I or Men's
' "^ j lack
calf, Russet calf, box ca.f, patent
calf, enamel and Vici kid, tne equal |
of any shoe at any price, per *- m I
pair • 3>O.DU
f" w Ottoman Plaids.
Fall goods have begun to arrive. Not a very extensive
showing in any singl- department yet, just a hint here and
there oi the Fall loveliness that will soon be here. But
one of the fabrics is so appropriate for school wear that
we won't overlook it in this "ad."
The maker called it Ottoman Pbids— dark, back-
grounds, with narrow, right-colored piaids in the _^
new shades that will be worn this Fall — per yard s\)£
This Week a C*rr>(>t Salo
Sensational carpet OEIC*
Our New' York buyer has securedan unusually fine lot
of newly made carpets — very latest designs and colorings —
at 20 per cent of the regular wholesale prices. To-morrow
and during the entire week we quote these long-to-be-
remembered carpet and rug specials. The prices include
maktT' and lininr.
ALEX. SMITH £. SON'S AXMINSTERS. "fit for the home
of a millionaire"— made in all tne latest shades and color-
ings— a carpet worth «i-35 yard, that because of *. m
our fort-jn.v- ru r cha** sroe* thh week at 4>>.UU
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS CARPETS, with borders to matcn.
Bought in the ordinary way tnese goods would have to sell
at 75c yard, but our lucky soo-roll purchase of these. ,-. ■"- •
enabl-s us to or»r >hem this \ve»k. laid and lined, at OUC -.
ROYAL ARCH HEAVY INGRAINS— Without exception
the most desirable Ingrain carpu on the mirket. To those
desiring a low-priced yet serviceable and pretty Ingrain
we most heartily recommend this brand — the regu'ar ._,
val< 60c — "ur price, laid and lined 4/^C
LINOLEUM, made of the very best pulverized cork and
linseed oil, a linoleum guaranteed to wear for years, 12
ffet wide— enough to cover a room in one piece per .-»
square yard 4oC
Same quality — 6 feet width— per square yard .-.
A downtown importer came to us with a lot of LINEN
WARP MATTINGS at a price. We took him up. t _,
Now I's your i:rn. Regular 30: per yard goods for J/2C
SMYRNA RUGS— Size 60 inches by 30 inches— made of
the tinest quality of lambs' woo! designs superb — copies
0' the reiil Persian patterns— also the "Battleship * t Q _
Maine"— a rug worth 50— this week... >pJ-.OJ
£dF& Co'onial Tables.
y*Yr*&s^ Here's a fair picture of
- t-i - .^'T^P^i\ an excellent Couch that
j^^^^'Cf&jVH sells reguhrly at $12. It
/sf<T .. t>".« 'I^&hlf has a good cover, that
lSsb'4^V-j^-^'« — -C--t1 wlll wear and kee P its
V..7 . .'.ff/r* 1 MJW color— stout springs,
with (.upper e^ges — .he only cheap
thing about this couch is this *_ — ■ —
week's price $/.Zb/^ v .fi A
And this is a Table in the popular -*r
Colonial style — made of finest quality uS^a^s^-^jT
of selected go.den birch— it's worth (\\ w^. IN;
$8.50 — we'll sell them this * . -_ Mij. rfgj]
week at 4>4.ZD iEB' ijjp .^jiggl
Soli Oak Sideboards-plush *q -.p. . ===ffn
lined drawers — upward from.. 4>7-UU y |J
Solid Oak 3-piece Bedroom Set, 1 ij
with French beveled glass.. a , f . __ \ ' f! U
$J4.75 • f
IT:! Wall Paper. .
Wall Papers for homes, hotels, effi es or stores —
almost unlimited stock to select from. Now is the time to
buy ; prices will soon be advanced 30 per <ent owing to a
combination of all of the Eastern Wall Paper manufac-
turers.
Good Gilt Papers — this week, per roll 6c
Dainty Bedroom Papers,' in stripes, del't blues or any
of the popular colorings ,nd designs — this week, ,
per roll — • 7>^c
Heavy Embossed Gilt Papers, in all the new and styl-
ish colorings— per roll I2wc .
Ingrain, in all the latest shades — per r011..... 9c
Lincrusta— per yard Isc
Window Shades. .....Isc each and upward
4444444444444444444444 444444444444
Sampson's keen appreciation of the suf
ferings of the Cubans and his endeav
ors to afford them relief have been a
marked feature.
The Potomac has recovered $10,000
from the Infanta Maria Teresa, which
was driven ashore at the time Admiral
Cervera attempted to escape from San
tiago. The transport Resolute, with
marines aboard, is still here. The shore
is deserted save for the cable opera
tions and our marines who are on
guard.
The newspapers containing Admiral
Sampson's report of the battle of July
3 arrived here last night. They were
eagerly read throughout the fleet and
the report created intense satisfaction.
The universal confidence in and devo
tion to the admiral by the men under
his command rendered this expression
of feeling a foregone conclusion.
GOLDEN SWORD GIVEN
TO LIEUTENANT HOBSON
Quests at Long Beach Present to the
Naval Hero a Handsome
Testimonial.
LONG BEACH, N. V., Aug. 6.—Lieu
tenant HobFon is the hero of Long Beach.
All the guests of tha hotel assembled in
THE EMPORIUM. |
Ladies' Donzola Kid Lace Oxfords,
fancy basket cloth tops, new coin toe,
tip ot same material, turned soles,
a jaunty and styli-h Ox:ord, *.. -^
Our Sp°cial 1 |^.'k./-^
Lace Boot I ""^j. ■
for la.'.ies, 9 '/V|^
made on our s/r^'-^
custom-fit- rS<£v&
ting last, //^r^it cs "d
black silk (W^^W\
cloth vesting /^tr >f \r¥^ 1
tops, new • jf^Wfy^r
coin toe, Aj *l£U2aJ
patent /^J^/^^
leather tips, y"^ /
a shape that y^y ~^^
fits Derfectly ''^s^^
and is always
in good taste as well as com- *^ rc\
fortable, all siz-s and widths.. >$ZOV
the parlors when It was learned that Lieu
tenant Hobson was to 'be at Long Beach.
Some one started a popular subscription
for a testimonial to htm and It was unani
mously agreed that a sword would be
the proper thing. In a Short time $300
was In the hands of the treasurer.
The committee appointed to meet the
lieutenant In New lork and escort him
to Long Beach purchased the sword for
$275. It Is heavily laid with gold over
handle and blade and Interlined with em
bossed silver. It was presented to the
lieutenant after dinner before the guests
who crowded the parlors, and ball rooms,
and made the walls ring with their cheers.
Hobson received the sword and said feel
ingly:
"It Is with the profoundest emotion that
I receive and accept this beautiful token
so spontaneously offered by this generous
group. I cannot adequately express my
appreciation and thanks. I have only to
say that as long as my career shall con
tinue this emblem shall be dearly cher
ished and shall ever recall this occasion.
When perhaps I am far away and occa
sion may arise to use this sword, I can
not but feel that the thought of this oc
casion will inspire its use for my coun
try's honor.
"I have to beg of you that you recall
this simple, absolute fact— that the little
incident at the front indicates nothing but
only the status of your sailors afloat."
Steamship to Be Released.
"WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— The Govern
ment has ordered the release of the
THE EMPORIUM. I
| Moving the Crockery Department. |
(Down on the main floor next week*)
That is another of the important changes now being made in the big store. The Crockery J
and House Furnishings are going to come downstairs, directly beneath their present location. There *
are lots of goods up There that we would rather cut the price on and sell this week than move them «
—delicate Chinaware, dainty Vases and Bric-a-Brac. Here are a few of the goods upon which $
we will give *
33X Per Cent Discount This Week
rf *?^*s 9v9 v English and j
K^-^^7p\\ French China Tea '
-j^^kJ; ( -up^ and Sau- |
C^4?« J^J cers ' of tne ! alest i
x^^'tssEssS^^?' shapes, benutifullv |
— -^^ decorated 35c Each ;
and heavy geld edges Less 1-3.
Carlsb.id China Toothpick Hold-"
ers, da nty colors, sui anle for 8c Each
the table, always usetul Less 1-3
German China <r^»w
Mustard Pots, pret- >^§jN*_ *■*%■
ty shades v-rv. \ i V>^>»^q\'A >
unique 20c Earh li ** j
d ns.. Less 1-3. //I \\)j
China Cr-amers, [u\ \ '\ I)
handsomely, deco- L \(\\\ ( \ J
rated, rancy coor- \v\ I \ \\F
in^s 24c Each NflA^'As?'/
Less f-3. *>&&&&
Bavarian and Versailles 30c Each
China D-ssert Plates Less 1-3.
/-* » H w Housekeepers
UTOCeneS* Can Save Money.
Our n-w Grocery Caalogue for August is reaJy. Ask
or s:nd tor a copy ani see if you are paying too much tor
your supplies— compare these prices with those you have
b-en paying.
Golden "Rule Biended Coffee, Ib 3°c
(Compare it with Coffee you pay 35c for.)
Spiierle? Uncolored Tea, a 60c a Ib graJe 52c
Acme Health Ccffe-. i^-lb tins 22c
Caramel Cereal Coff c, 2-1 d pkg 25c
Grape Nirs, the new health food, pkg 20c
Fancy Bulk Cocoanut, per Ib ....ioc
Epps's Cocoa, 3^-lb tins 20c
Bensdorf's Royal Duich Cocoa— 5, 23c; y s, 45c;
lbs 8 4C
Van Houton's Cocoa— »i's, 24c; y/s, 48:; lbs 90c
Baker's Cocoa, i-b tins • 48c
Miner's Ground Chocolate, i-lb tins 25c
Miner's Ground Chocolate, 3-lb tins 70c
Whole Nutnu'trs, per Ib 48c
3-lb cartoon* Queen's Taste Ma-aroni. 25c
5-lb boxes Mac roni and Soaghetti ~ 30c
10-lb boxes Macaroni and Spighetti • 50c
Cooper's Olive Oil, pints 45c
Co'umbus Table Fruits, 2 cans 25c
Royal, Cleveland or Trophy Baking Powder, i-lb
tins -•»; 42C
Golden Ga'e Biking Powder, i-lb tins 37^
8-ounce Curry Powder, bortle - 35C
unce Curry Powder, bottle. s°c
Bidwell's Pure Cider Vinegar, gallon 35c
Thompson's Fancy Seedless Raisins, 1b... ....12c
Seeded Raisins, i-lb packages 10c
Pineappls Cheese, small 58:
Pineapple Cheese, large ~ '• $1.04
New pack Jam and Jelly in glass jars 15^
New pack Jam and Jelly in glass jars 10:
T irmnrc Consolida'ed With
L^lCjuOrS* Grocery Department.
And operated on the same liberal scale. We quote The
Emporium reduced prices on some well-known favorite
brands <if Wines and Liquors.
Holl. nd Gin, choice, per bottle .'. 90c
Canadian Club Whiskey, bottle 51.35
Rock and Rye for colds, bottle ....:... 95c
Yellowstone Whiskey Distillery Bottling, full quarts..Sl.2s
Old Reserve Kentucky's Choicest Production, old anJ
m-low • SLOO
Old Bourbon Whiskey, quart bottle 65c j
California Cognac, extra, quart bottle 75c
Beef, Iron and Wine, bottle 50c
Purest Malt Wniskey money can buy. full quarts,
bottle  • SLOO
Zinfandel, the best, old and rich, per dozen quirts $2.70
Port Wine, per quart bottle 30c
Sherry Win;, per quart bottle.... 35c
wh^ELnd Kitchen Ware.
The very best Kitchen Ware made at but little higher
prices than'good Tinware "
retails for. /\ /^\
Perfect White En- If -^\ r^P%
ameled Saucepans. n/L^s. )\ I
"*4o: 2-quart 5ize........ 28c \%liispa (^ ~~ \Jf
SOC 3-quart size 31c Jy\*S|jjQ^ V^a-seas^l^
65c 4-quart size 47c (^^. M^T (<-^l .Jl^
75c 5 quart size 57c y-"-__ "f|?i§ \"%.- £sfl
1. 00 6-quart size 66c . r£?&\^=. ,5^
1 1.25 8-quart size 74c -=^ ;]S —^
Perfect Blue Enameled Saucepans.
45c lU-quart size 27c 75c 4 quart size 43c
50c 2-quart size 3lc 93c 5-quart size 57c
55c 3 quart siz? 36c sr.oo 6-quart size osc
soc Whi'e Enameled Mixing Bowl, inches wide 36c
60c White Enameled Mixing Bowl, 10^ inches wide 44c
70c White Enameled Mixing Bowl, 113^ inches wide 52c
ji.co White Enameled Tea Por, 2-quart size 63c
$1.10 White Enameled Tea Pot, 3-quart size 72c
$1. Whi'e meled Tea Pot, 4-quart size. 93c
Jl.OO Blue Enameled Salt Boxes, 9 inches high 73c
«i. 10 B us Ennmelrd Salt Boxes, 10 Inches high 79c
$1.25 Blue Enameled Salt Boxes, ioj^ inches high 86c
t4444444444444444444444444444444444
steamer Manoudla of the Compagme
General© Trans-Atlantique of France,
captured by the American warships in
West Indian waters and brought to
Charleston, S. C.
CONVALESCENT OFFICERS
ON THE LOUISIANA
Forty From Santiago Under the Care
of Surgeon Gardiner of the
Red Cross.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— The United
States transport Louisiana, Captain
Frank Kemble. which left Santiago
August 1, arrived at quarantine at 3:30
this afternoon, after a passage of five
days. The Louisiana brings forty con
valescent officers and men under the
care of Surgeon Gardiner of the Red
Cross Society and Mrs. Gardiner.
Health Officer Doty found all on
board in a very satisfactory condition.
The sanitary condition of the transport
was excellent. The Louisiana brings
twelve pouches of mail from Santiago,
which will undergo fumigation before
they are forwarded to the general post
office.
Among the officers on the Louisiana
were Lieutenant Colonel W. E. de Sala
THE EMPORIUM.
>-ss=p=^^ Carlsbad
<f^^^^ i^\^^^ China Berry
Sets-Con-
V^",, , slst of 13
y^****s^S Pieces, Berry
d?f'^ V -^^ =S >55 = V_ Bowl nnd 12
Sauce Plates,
%L^y latest patterns,
s—^5 —^ new decora-
tions • f2f 2 - 25 , et
Less 1-3.
Austrian and French China Sauce
Plates, all ot neat patterns, nice for
serving salads, berries, ie- cream.
scalloped edges with $2.40 Dozen
pink flowers Less 1-3.
v China Olive
-c^ - , '■''' '■ -i!**. 'Dishes, oval
(^T. . L^~~J!ii>*7 shape, hand-
\^^ Jsy/ painted blue
r*^ 2 -•==* flowers,
heavy gold edge.... 60c Each
Less 1-3.
wsf To Men Only. |
Golf Shirts in new designs of Madras and Japanese
Crfpe are among the new arrivals in the furnishing *^ **-. «§-
goods department this week $1.50, $1.35 and.. 4>*.UU «
Negligee Shirts now in demand for wear at the sea shore ♦
and in the mountains. We are showing an extensive as- J
sortm;ntof patterns. -They are made up with all the little J
detai s of finish so essential to comfort. The materials J
are Madras, Crepes and Flannels, $2.50, $2.00, <t:1t :1 nn *
$1.50 - - $J.UU j.
Men's Jersey Ribbed form-fitting f^^ «
Shirts and Drawers in a light shade i*/°R >*
of blue. Their weight makes them \A- V q,
especially popular at this season ;rn fl=»--»«^v^^ s !SL *
very inexpensi\ c, too — price each OKJC J— f f/f \ ♦
Men's Honeycomb Balbriggan r ia|//7 \ ♦
Shirts and Drawers. This is a line | mI(J \ j ♦
ot underwear that we find a growing f .7Ll__ _7\ \ S
dem md for. Wearers of Balbrigian \/CT>A* I «
Underwear find it a weight for all f / rSO' \| /'$
seasons. It is manufactured by Bon- JJ L| V / "#
bon Co., which of itself is a ,j. t .* Jh^T* H *
proof of merit— per garment. 4>> t4rU <^^^: U ♦'
Men's Cotton Socks, colors solid fljjMjl m- 2
blacK or tan, seamless, high- ■ =j^=jd L^ 2,
spliced heels andtoes— 3 pairs for ZOC i ; j[ilM(\ ti| j 5
M-n's Leather Belts in a complete j ■ iW|i\ \ p]i| ' • 2
range of styies and prices. We show > ;,• i Mjji Lb <
thfm in calfskin, pigskin and patent ,jj lil llj /| ' - <«>
leather, with harness buckles or coy- iMiflflfi jpi *
ered buck'es. Also in Mexican hand- lj / ''^^MJ U *
carve Prices from 25c t0... <t<< C n < ""^(3 *
4>I.DU W J
We are headquarters for Men's Union Suits. No sepa-
rate drawers to sag down or to tag the trouser knees; no
separate shirt to roll up the back. Prices 53.00, *. _ A ♦
52 50 and ~ ••• 4>*-3U *
Our iine of men's working shirts is kept up to Its promi- V
nence by new addi ions— in fact, this department is stronger *
in styles and qualities than at any former time. Prices ~» |»
$1.00, 75c and...... uc x
Notions! Notions! t Tt y T ants **
Coats' or Clark's Spool Cotton— 7 for 25c • ' *
Carlson's and Currier's Sewing Silk— spool 7c
French Thread— so3-yard spools— black and white 15c *
Milward's Needles— paper -3c <Q>
Angora Silk BraiJ— s-yard pieces.: ..........~ 10c ♦
Corduroy Binding, extra quality— per yard .-5c *
Silk Seam Binding, all colors— 3 pieces 25c *
Cotton Waist Belting— 9-yard pieces 10c J
Cloth-covered Corset Steels— pair 5c
Wire Hairpins— 3 papers for 5c «
English Book Pins, assorted black and white— book 5c • <#
Silk Hair Nets, round and long— each 5c *
Curling Irons, oak handles— each. 4c v
Black Linen Corset Laces— 3 for 5c *
Jeweled Belt Pins— each •• 5c J
Satin Hose Supporters, trilled elastic, all colors 25c £
Jet Slides, reduced from, each, 25c to 5c
Cork Knife Cleaners, something new— each 10c *
Collar Buttons, black or white— dozen 5c <#
Children's Hose Supporters, black or white— per pair.. ..10c «f
Fine Patent Leather Belts— each 25c J
■ f
Low Prices Bed Coverings. |
For Good . Bea .^oyermgs* .j
Fine White Blankets— almost pure wool, of best *.- cr . i
gra( e — s e 62x80 inches— grand value— per pair. vpOOU. £
Extra size California Wool White Blankets— 7B inches $>
w id e — slightly damaged in manufacture— imperfections <f
hardly noticeable and in no way affecting their use- -_ _ A ♦
fulness— if perfect a &io value— special price .p/.DU "W
Clean White Cotton Filled Tufted Comforters— <t. t nft J
light, but warm— dainty in coloring :..... \pI.UU . J
Bieached Bed Sheets nicely hemmed, laundered and
ready for use— 2V^ yards wide — we do not keep the com- <f<
mon qualities, but sell the better grades, the ones that _ n ♦
we can guarantee at the same — each O\JZ <#
Large size Pillow Cases — same make as the sheets and; *
high finish— 27 inches wide (for square pillows)— f _ -V'-J
each.. • • ..:....... ...7.. Jsc •*
zar and his brother, Major C. M. de
Salazar, and Captain Mitchell Ellis, all
of General La Crete's staff, Cuban
army. None of the officers were at San
tiago or near the surrender of General
Toral. They came direct from Cuban
headquarters at Cubitas to Santiago,
where they went on board the Louisi
ana. They declined to talk when seen
at quarantine.
CRUISER MARIA TERESA
SUCCESSFULLY FLOATED
Will Be Taken to Norfolk Under Her
Own Steam and Placed in
Repair.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— The Mer
ritt-Chapman Wrecking Company has
informed the Navy Department that
the wreckers have succeeded in float
ing the Spanish cruiser Maria Teresa
and are about to start her under her
own steam to Norfolk. The navy has
nothing to do with this voyage, the
wreckers having contracted to deliver
any of the vessels of Cervera's fleet
that might be recovered at Santiago.
It is fully expected at the Navy De
partment that the Maria Teresa will
require very extensive repairs, having
THE EMPORIUM.
After-dinner Coffees, also Choco- ♦
late Cups and Saucers in French, 2*
Carlsbad and Austrian China, deli- *
cate shades and Violet deco- 30c Each 2
rations Less 1-3.
♦
Carlsbad China Bread, Cake and ♦
Fruit Plates, endless vari- 25c Each *
ety, richly decorated..... Less 1-3. *
K&g Genuine Cut Glass Vases <#
£xx' in fancy shapes, beautifully <#
yfft cut, a handsome 45c Each ♦
|r^T7 present for any one Less 1-3. *
\\ If Bohemian Colored Vases, Jj
II I .octagon shapes, lovely hues, J
jj_^ dark green, deep yellow, deco- 2,
/^«S rated with heavy $2.25 Each
gold flowers Less 1-3. <g
■^TT-: Teplitz Vases, which are "i 1
very "delicate in shapes, $1.50 Each *
greatly admired by all-... Less 1-3. *
m
suffered not only from shot, shell and
fire but also from a month's submer
sion in the quickly fouling water of
South Cuba. However, the Repairs will
certainly be made, for the sentimental
reason alone is strong enough to war
rant the expenditure of money enough
to put the ship Into serviceable condi
tion.
New Militia Company.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 6.— The or
ganization of a new military com
pany to take the place of Company D.
now at Camp Barrett, was effected
last night. Lieutenant Murray called
the meeting to order and presided, Al
bert Boyen acting as secretary. Ad
dresses were made by Superior Judge
F. M. Angellotti. J. H. Wilkins. L.
Frey and District Attorney E. B. Mar
tinelli. About ninety citizens signed
the roll of the new company.
Tarolinta a Stake Winner.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— At the second day's
racing of the Lewes summer meeting to
day the Lorillard-Beresford stable's bay
filly Tarollnta won the Priory stakes of
5 sovereigns for acceptors, with 200 sov
ereigns added, for two-year-olds. Four
horses ran. Distance five furlongs.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
56
SUNDAY. AUGUST 7, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, PfopnetoT.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 1566.
EDITORIAL BOOMS .217 to 221 Steven»on Stretl
Telephone Mala-1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l«
»erved by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a w««k- By mail *6 p«r year; per montfc
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On* yor. by mall. 51.59
OAKLAND OFFICE ~- «« 906 Broadway
*£W YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buildln*
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
Washington id. cj office Rift** hob««
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
—
IRA.NCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clocK 387 Hayes street, open until
0:30 o'clooK 62' McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larkln street, open urjtll 9.30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
•treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Pclk street, open
until 9:30 o clock- NW. corner Twenty-second on*
Mntucky street*, open until 9 o'clock, :
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia— "The Maskea Ball"
Alcazar— "Richelieu
Morocco's— Bonnie Scotland "
Tlvoll— "Lucia di Lammermoor."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
OJrmpla-Corner Waeon and Eddy Btreeta, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Becreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Cotirßlne— At Union Coursing Park.
— Ingleside Coursing Park.
El Caiapo— Music, dancing.boatlng. fishing, every Sunday.
• Alhambra. ECdy and Jones Btreets— Vaudeville. Opening
Saturday, September 3.
State Fair— Sacramento, September '■>. .
ONCE MORE THE TELEPHONE.
\A ANY things have been charged against the
/ \ telephone, and most of them with justice. It
* * is an irritating machine, with a voracious ap
petite for nickels, a squeaky voice, and about the
manipulation of its central mechanism there has been
Usually so notable a lack of intelligence that patrons
hive ventured to make remarks concerning it. The
telephone has given to mankind an impetus toward
a state of chronic profanity, but only recently has it
gone =o far as to drive anybody to attempt suicide.
To be sure the young woman in question was in
love, and therefore not to be held strictly ac
countable, particularly as she wanted to converse
with the man in the case. She essayed vainly to gain
his ear through the medium of the telephone. The
cold and impassive device, in no whit moved by the
ardor of her yearning, refused to aid the cause of her
courtship. The telephone merely rattled and
groaned, called for more nickels, or brought back
to her' pearly, listening ear the iterated and chest
rutty phrase, "'Line is busy; call again." This was
certainly a trial. "For goodness gracious sakes!"
exclaimed the young woman, gritting her teeth.
Agiir there was a stir in the telephone box. Life
Bevmed to throb along the wire, and with hope re
r.ev.ed she placed the trumpet to her ear. Then she
was told that the insatiate demon was in need of a
nickel; she contributed. "Call again," remarked the
machine. "Whirr, buzz-z zip."
Let us not be harsh with the girl. She was so
angry :-he just had to shoot something, and there
wasn't a liivng mortal there but herself. Across her
mind flashed a desire to kill the President, to chop
down the poles, to poison the operator at central.
Thee wonhy ambitions were impracticable. She
grabbed a pistol and shat herself. She didn't shoot
straight and will get well. But if she had died
wouldn't trie telephone company have be-en respon
sible?
McNAB FOR CONGRESS.
THE possession of political power is often said
to turn the heads of those who attempt to exer
cise it. We can place no other construction
upon the announcement that Mr. Gavin McXab in
tends to run himself for Congress in the Fourth Dis
trict than that the success which has attended his
bossship so far has affected his brain. Not but that
Mr McNab would make an excellent Congressman.
Indeed there is every reason to believe that rhe exer
cise of his peculiar talents upon the House of Repre
sentatives would confer upon California the distinc
tion of possessing a Congressman even greater than
Maguire — if such a thing is possible.
But we cannot understand why the whispering boss
should desire to descend from the proud pedestal of
Democratic dictator in San Francisco to the humili
ating position of submitting himself to the people.
What right have the people to pass upon the political
claims of Mr. McXab so long as those claims are
conceded by McXab himself? The voluntary abdi
cation of power which his candidature for Congress
will entail is the most extraordinary case of self
abnegation on record. The first Napoleon's resigna
tion of the French crown at Fontainebleau is not at
all comparable to it.
However, it will be well to encourage Mr. Mc-
Nab's ambition. There are in the Fourth Congres
sional District upward of 30,000 voters. We venture
to say that 95 per cent of them are anxious to see
MrXab's name upon the official ballot. The source
of this desire we shall not attempt to fathom.
Whether the voters of this district desire to elect
McXab by a majority which will go thundering
down the ages, or whether they are curious to see
exactly how the whispering boss would look ap
pealing to them for support, we do not know. But
as to the yearning we can speak advisedly. In fact
we will increase the percentage. We will assert con
fidently that out of the 30,000 voters in the Fourth
District at least 29,500 are frantically anxious for
HcNab to run. We think that under the circum
stances he ought to run, notwithstanding he may be
compelled to relinquish some of his prerogatives as
dictator of this city. It is seldojn that the public
is so unanimous in its desire to get a chance at a
man.
Hence we trust he will be successful in packing the
State convention delegation. It is not often that we
care to justify high-handed political methods such as
Mr. McNab now proposes in his Congressional fight,
but if ever the end justified the means in any case it
will in this on*. By all means let the Democratic
State delegation be packed in the interest of McNab.
Were proclamations issued by Spanish Governors
General as effective as the authors intended there
would be neither American army nor navy. But as
it is the proclamations ar~ of no particular use unless
they may be employed as comic valentines.
Many of the Spanish are making such a protest
over the prospects of peace that there is doubt if they
can be induced to enjoy it when it has really arrived.
YELLOW LIES.
THE war has made the most astounding revela
tions of deliberate lying and deception prac
ticed upon the American people by the yellow
press.
The military problems ensuing upon the declara
tion of war were light and easy compared with those
which come upon a declaration of peace.
The two yellow and besotted papers of Hearst, re
inforced by the New York World, told the country
that the Cubans had an organized government, with
a fiscal bureau, a system of public schools, a judicial
establishment and all the muniments of a state fit to
take its place among the powers. They demanded
belligerent rights for this Cuban government and fol
lowed this by a demand for its recognition outright
by the United States. Senators and Representatives
went to Cuban waters, in Hearst's yacht, as his paid
"commissioners," and, returning, in the Senate and
House these members of Congress tore passion to
tatters in describing what they saw. They exhausted
the vocabulary- of flattery in their ascriptions to the
Cuban government. They said that all it needed -was
arms and it would expel Spain from the island. The
San Domingo negro, Gomez, was praised as equal
to Washington in patriotism and to Napoleon in mil
itary strategy.
When the President, to whom the situation was
known, asked for the power of intervention, these
papers and their allies immediately took advantage
of his reference of the issue to Congress to insist
upon recognition of the Cuban government. They
did this in the face of the statement of Fitzhugh Lee
that there was no Cuban government nor army. Mr.
William J. Bryan appeared in Washington to back
up the yellow press, and bugled his followers into
line for recognition, declaring that it would be "good
politics."
The Senate thereupon declared for recognition, and
only by almost superhuman exertions did the Presi
dent succeed in defeating this declaration. There
was substituted for it the phrase that "the people of
Cuba are and ought to be free and independent."
Then came war. We blockaded the island, shut out
food and munitions of war from the Spanish centers,
and sent in food, arms and ammunition to Gomez,
Garcia and Maso.
We fattened and equipped the "Cuban army" and
we starved and disarmed the Spanish force. What
has been the result? Gomez had no army. The
boast that if armed by us he would expel Spain was
idle vaporing. He has shriveled into a common
San Domingo negro, whose patriotism is diverted
from great exploits at the sight of a flitch of bacon
or a fresh watermelon. When Garcia's "army" was
asked to help our men cut the barb-wire trocha at
Santiago and assist us in making roads over which
to bring artillery, the black rascals replied, "We are
soldiers, not laborers."
When our boys had cut the trocha and left their
camp to go into the hot hell of that battle where
2000 fell. Garcia's noble band stayed behind and stole
everything in our camp, including the hospital and
medical stores.
They killed only prisoners of war, or the naked
survivors of Cervera's fleet as they swam ashore, and
used the ammunition we gave them in target practice
on the corpses of Spanish officers as they floated in
the sea.
There was no Cuban army nor government, no
school system, fiscal establishment nor judiciary. The
patriots over whom these yellow journals and yel
lower Congressmen wept and agonized robbed the
men we sent there to fight for them, and stole the
medical and hospital stores, for lack of which our
boys have been dying, fever smitten, in the swamps
of Eastern Cuba.
The President was right and should have been sus
tained to the extreme of his policy. A number of
Congressmen have invited themselves out of public
life and into public contempt by their indorsement
of the lies of yellow journalism, and the Government
finds itself loaded with the most vexatious respon
sibility as the war comes to a close. There was no
Cuban government. We must lick one into shape.
If the Spanish population go into exile in fear of the
!oot which would follow our military withdrawal
from the island, the majority there *.v ill consist of
negroes and their congeners. What they can do in
the way of government in the tropical islands we see
exemplified in the opera bouffe states of Hayti and
San Domingo, where Simon Sam and General
Heureaux strut at the head of the procession, plumed
like parrots.
Yellow journalism has an account to settle with
the American people. Its Cuban patriots have cost
good lives unnecessarily. The co-operation which the
yellow press said they were capable of giving has not
been offered. Our men went into battle alone, and
they sickened alone, and have died alone, hundreds
of them, because the "patriots" of the yellow writers
stole their medical stores.
These yellow journals were in league with the Cu
ban Junta in New York, who had printed nearly a
half billion of bonds as a blanket mortgage on the
island, to be validated by the recognition which Mr.
Bryan said would be "good politics."
The members of this Junta are the murderers of
'every American who fell in battle for lack of Cuban
co-operation, and of every one who has died for
need of what Garcia's bandits stole from their camp.
It is to be hoped that our experience with this blanket
mortgage junta will be the means of denying to spec
ulative conspiracy any future lodgment in the United
States.
Dr. Arthur Marten sends from the Ukiah Asylum
an appeal to be released. Happily the court cannot
see a way clear to oblige the doctor, and yet there is
no desire to subject him to undue hardship. If he
will assent to a transfer from the asylum to the peni
tentiary there will be no particular objection to the
change.
Let us not be induced to swap the Philippines for
British Columbia. Let us not content to trade them
for less than England, Ireland, Wales and Scotland,
most of India, a slice of Egypt, and such islands as
England may happen to possess. While talking
through our hats we may as well talk big.
Spanish soldiers executed by Cubans for poisoning
wells of course deserved all they got if guilty But
the accounts come from Cuban sources, and news
by way of Madrid is not looked upon with greater
suspicion.
Developments prove that Captain Glass could
have saved his valuable ammunition and taken the
Ladrones with a bunch of firecrackers.
People who are considering the war as good as over
should reflect on the shortsightedness of counting
chickens still within the shell.
There will naturally arise a question whether the
General Dickinson brand of patriotism is really worth
$20 83 a day.
If the Government wants another war loan it is
the sort of Government that can get it
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, STISDAY, AL'GUST 7, 189 S.
A MATHEMATICAL INQUIRY.
OUR esteemed Republican cousins in Southern
California, a* readers oi The Call must already
be aware, are making preparations to place
before the Republican convention which meets at
Sacramento on the 23d inst. a candidate for Gov
ernor of California. The gentleman's name is Henry
T. Gage. He is said to be a good man, weighing the
requisite number of pounds, and possessed of a po
litical record which is not likely to trouble him.
In order to promote the prospects of Mr. Gage
our esteemed Republican cousins have abandoned
all claim to the United States Senatorship now held
by their fellow citizen, Mr. White. They say (at
least those who champion the cause of Mr. Gage)
; that they will concede this place in the Senate to
1 Northern California, and it is alleged on reliable in-
I formation that they have made a combination with
General de Young, late of the Midwinter Fair, and
the Southern Pacific with this concession in view.
The programme is understood to be to send Mr.
Gage to the executive mansion and Mr. de Young to j
the Senate. The report, therefore, that the region j
south of Tehachapi intends to demand both tae
gubernatorial and Senatorial offices is probably a ;
canard, circulated by Democratic enemies of the
orange politicians for the purpose of injuring them
in the estimation of their northern Republican allies. 1
Since this arrangement is now perfected and all
hands are working energetically to produce a fay- j
orable result, we are emboldened to ask, on behalf j
of Northern California, on what ground does South- !
crn California demand the Republican gubernatorial ;
nomination this year? That region casts less than
20 per cent of the vote of the State. It cannot, there- j
fore, demand the governorship on the ground that its j
suffrages are necessary to elect the Republican ticket, j
unless it has figured out that the majorities its peo
ple cast entitle it to recognition.
We presume the entire Southern California press I
will answer in chorus that this is the. ground: South j
of Tehachapi being "solidly Republican." we
imagine them saying, the fact that it has had three
Governors in twenty years, though casting less than
one-quarter the vote, ought not now to deprive it j
of a fourth.
But is Southern California "solidly Republican?"
Let us scan the figures for a moment. The counties
comprising "south of Tehachapi" are Los Angeles,
San Diego. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Orange, River
side and San Bernardino, which poll about 40,000
votes. The following table shows by pluralities how
this region has voted at the last two elections:
• Eptee, McKinley, Bryan,
1594. 1896. 1396.
Los Angeles 3.636 848
San Diego.. .... 870 • • 2.i
Santa Barbara 343 S8
Orange 520 230
Riverside .... 565 377
Ventura 303 &S
Where, may we be permitted to ask, were the Re
publicans of Southern California at the election of
1896? Alameda County gave 7000 plurality for Mc-
Kinley. and the Republicans of San Francisco, which
city gave Budd in 1894 12.000 plurality, carried the
election for McKinley by 400 plurality — an astonish
ing result when we consider that Bryanism exhausted
itself in this vicinity. Can the Republicans of the
south guarantee that in the event of Mr. Gage's
nomination he will carry the six counties which form
the basis of his claims? We understand that there is
a Silver Republican Club in Los Angeles which has
upon its rolls 6000 names. All these men, we are
informed, are pledged to support Maguire for Gov
ernor.
Before this business proceeds further we should
be pleased to have some of Mr. Gage's supporters
inform us as to the exact nature of the confidence
operation they contemplate perpetrating upon the
north this year. In the meantime we may as well
claim, from the face of the record, that Northern
California is entitled to name the candidate for Gov
ernor in 1898.
THE GLORIOUS IMMUNES.
i — » IVE regiments of "immunes" arc now on their
j way to Santiago to relieve the troops who after
* capturing that city have found in the malarial
air and the dreadful approach of yellow fever an
enemy more terrible than the Spaniard. Th: im
munes have met the dreaded pestilence, have wrestled
with it and recovered from it. They are safe from
any future attack and to them the guarding of the
captured city through the tropic summer will be
something like a picnic season of repose and relaxa
tion.
These immunes are now receiving a good deal of
glory. Since the battles are over, and peace seems
near, and since all has been said about Teddy's
Rough Riders and other notable volunteer regiments
at the front, the war correspondents of the Eastern
papers have turned their glowing pens upon the im
munes and are writing them up at a rate that is worth
a dollar a line to them if they should ever wish to
pose as models of all virtue. It seems, according to
the statements of some correspondents, that to the
making of a perfect man nothing more is necessary
than to get the yellow fever and then recover from it.
As a writer for The Call says: "Yellow fever works
wonderful changes in a man, both mental and phy
sical. Every material poison and every other disease
germ seems to be literally cooked out of the system
by the high temperature, and the patient, if he re
covers, begins life again with a new body, as it were.
The change in disposition is alike remarkable. Wh.ere
before there was a tendency to anger, depression and
discontent, there is patience and amiability, lightness
and buoyancy and contentment with life, without the
impairment of any of the better qualities of a man."
Men who have been thus purified should certainly
be something extraordinary. Five full regiments of
them banded together and camped in victory and
glory in an island of the summer sea, where oranges
and olives grow abundant and purple grapes hang
from every garden wall; where the languorous af
ternoons lull to siestas and the cool nights invite to
music and revelry; where the dark-eyed girls are
forever singing of love to the melody of guitars or
dancing with joy to the tinkling of castanets— there
ought to be an idyl almost elysian in its innocent
and bright perfection. We may well imagine the
happy immunes hailing their generals with cheers
and crying, "If this be war, may we never have
peace."
Furthermore, if it be proven true that yellow fever
does thus destroy every vicious defect, physical and
mental, there will be in the minds of the Californians
a trembling and eager hope. Fugitive Willie is
there, Willie the faker, Willie the yellow boy far
from home. Now if he should get a touch of the
magical fever and have all his old self burned out of
him and be cured and come home and pay his
debts, quit circulating his garbage paper through the
crematory' and pull down his siren, what a relief it
would be to a long-suffering city.
As there are plenty of white men to supply the
transports with crews the row that is being made
over the inability to get Chinese sailors is hard to
understand.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
One cannot avoid entertaining a feel
ing of admiration for the query editor
lof the New York Tribune. He is ever
| ready to oblige, and his aim is to
: please. Recently, however, a question
, was propounded which puzzled him and
j he appealed to the public for light. Per
i haps before now he has received it. He
j sets forth his desire for knowledge as
\ follows: "Can any one furnish the
. whole of the poem beginning with 'God
of our Fathers' and ending with "Lest
we forget, lest we forget'?" He explains
that this is especially requested by an
' old subscriber. It is hardly necessary
. to say that the poem he wants has a
i title something like "The Confessional,"
j and was composed by Omar Khayyam
' one day when he happened to be sober.
■It does not appear in the published
I works of the gentleman because he
I spoke it into a phonograph which he
; had purchased on the installment plan
! and which the dealer came and swiped
I with a writ of replevin while the poem
' was still inside. The cylinder was late
ly recovered &t a village in Milpitas
County, Persia, where a housewife was
using it as a rolling pin, she explain
! Ing that she had secured it from a junk
j shop. If the Tribune query man ever
! gets stuck again I hope he will send
to me direct.
• • •
It is all very well, of course, now that
Financier Hooley is down to give him
j a passing kick. His habit of paying
! a matter of $10,000 for a mere introduc
tion to somebody with a title was most
: reprehensible. It was small business.
I Why did he not do things on the mag-
I niflcent American scale? He could
have found precedent for paying a mil
| lion or two and throwing his daughter
into the bargain for good measure. Let
it not be permitted the Hooleys to de
! grade the titles upon which we look
I with reverence.
• • *
Russell Sage swears that he is worth
i $50,000. Ido not see how he figures
this out. His fortune is $50,000,000, or
thereabouts, so the estimate he gives
the tax collector must be quite apart
from consideration of his wealth; in
I fact a statement of his personal value
as discerned by himself. There has
| seldom been an Instance of exaggera
tion more gross. On the basis men
tioned Sage is not worth 7 cents, not
equal to a canceled revenue stamp. It
has always seemed to me a grievance
that the crazy dynamite thrower who
took a toss at Sage succeeded in hit
ting the wrong man. It will be re
membered that on that occasion Sage
used a clerk as a shield, that the clerk
was terribly injured and that the |E -
000 beauty refused to pay him a cent,
to liquidate his doctor bills or so much
as send a postal card expressing grat
itude. The clerk, crippled and inva
lided for life, brought suit and won.
There was appeal after appeal, the
clerk being sustained in several courts,
but whether the case was finally set
tled I do not know. At least it was
not settled until Sage had shown him
self to be the meanest man whose
meanness ever got on record. Now he
has the nerve to swear that he is
worth $50,000: But if Sage intended to
convey the impression that his mate
rial possessions were no more than this
trifl<\ of course he is a perjurer, and
under a government with laws justly
and fearlessly administered would be
in the penitentiary or on his way
thither.
• • •
It has never been my fortune to meet
Robert Sanderson, capitalist, of Oak
land, but I have learned of him and
take pleasure in introducing him to
readers. It was he who caused a wo
man to be evicted for a trifle of rent,
but such things must happen, I sup
pose, and in this circumstance alone
was not the offending. The constable
who served the writ was human,
wherein he held an advantage over the
capitalist. When he saw that the wo
man had a large family, all dependent
upon her, he declined to set her into the
street, but got another house, paid the
rent for a month, and moved her into
it. Then Sanderson roared. He did
not regard an ejectment marked by an
absence of cruelty as being the sort
he had bargained for. The operation
he considered incomplete in that it did
not conclude with the woman and her
children sitting roofless under the night
sky, and so he demurred about hand
ing over the fee. I believe he did late
make a settlement, although to do s
pained him. Sanderson is the sort o
a capitalist whose mission in life is 1
make himself as well as worthy an
decent rich men hated. I hope neve
to have to mention him again, bu
would joy in the opportunity to recor
that the-malovelent disposition he man
ifests had resulted in fatal blood pois
oning.
• * *
It seems that the ministers who one
affiliated with the remarkable Edward
Davis have resolved that he can't play
in their pulpits any more until he shall
have manifested a desire to reform.
This is all right so far as it goes. They
should have said, however, that he
must do something more than put on
exhibition a desire towards reform. He
ought to be made to go to the extreme
ofreforming.
• * •
I believe that St. Louis is regarded
as a center of civilization of the Mis
souri brand, and accordingly scan its
papers with interest. Recently there
was recorded in one of these the death
of a colored woman who had been not
able for fatness. "She was," remarks
the luminous writer who sets forth the
somber facts, "the largest corpse ever
dressed in St. Louis." Now, there is
a specimen of the realistic, showing
what a reporter can be trained to d
My judgment, however, would be tha
he devote his talents mostly to slaugh
ter-house soirees.
• * *
When Horace Philbrook attacks th
Supreme Court as a set of knaves an
scoundrels, his allegations show onl
that when he was disbarred an act o
Justice was accomplished. It seem
strange that the highest tribunal in th
State cannot protect itself against th
ravings of this man, especiallyas he ha
been given patient and impartial hea
ing and his statements proved to b
absolutely without any basis but a
malign prejudice so absurd as to sug
gest that if he has friends they ought
to be looking after him.
There should be something done to
check the rapacity of pawnbrokers. I
do not refer to such as are law abiding
enough to display a sign, pay a license
and pass for what they are. but to the
By HENRY JAMES.
men who. making believe they are more
bankers than brokers, loan money at
extortionate rates. These fellows
thrive here like buzzards in Cuba. I
notice that one E. W. Lick has brought
suit on a note for $500. bearing 5 per
cent per month, the interest to be
compounded monthly. Perhaps I mis
judge an honest gentleman, for in the
reading of human nature I profess no
infallibility, but my idea !s that no
honest person ever advanced money on
th%se terms to the needy, and that no
body doing so should be permitted to
collect more than the bare principal,
and deserves to lose even this. The
State provides that "pawnbrokers'
shall not charge above 2 per, cent a
month, and their business is regulated
with some austerity. There is a large
class of money sharks made up of men
who are in reality nothing but pawn
brokers, and the pretense of being
something else but adds to the grav
ity of their offending. By disguising
their actual status these come under
protection of a law which permits the
charging of any interest that may be
agreed upon, and which, so far as it
affords this undue protection, becomes
an iniquitous law. The unfortunate
forced to negotiate a loan is robbed as
surely as though the more courageous
variety of footpad had stayed him on
the highway through the agency of a
pistol.
* • *
According to the Stockton Record
they seem to have a patient variety of
pauper in San Joaquln County. In
mates of the poorhouse have long borne
the trial of diet not to their liking, and
now that they have broken into pro
tect, they have from me the fullest
measure of sympathy they deserve
One woman has told the Supervisors
that for breakfast she and the othrr
guests were allowed nothing but mut
ton chops, biscuit, coffee, eggs and
vegetables, of course with toast for the
more delicate. No wonder the guests
threaten to walk out. Such a break
fast, to be sure, is far better than the
family of the average citizen gets, but
I then, when people work, their appetites
do not need to v ° pampered. I would
suggest that army rations be issued to
the San Joaquin pauper. This might
not satisfy, but it would be tolerably
apt to kill, and with a transfer to
heaven the pauper might again be
happy.
• * *
By a few strokes of his pen Colonel
Roosevelt has scratched his name from
the lists of the esteemed, and has writ
ten himself an ass — nploying charac
ters so prominent that his own impres
sive verdict must be accepted. His
I letter to Alger was a boorish imper
tinence. In this document he prnised
his own men. and the world ha^ also
praised them; but he made a nasty
fling at other troops, ratriots who had
fought as bravely and as well. The
act was inexcusable, and will not be
forgotten. The reply of Secretary Al
ger was a masterly rebuke. I think
I can say this fairly for I have long
admired Roosevelt, and never was
touched before by the remotest im- ;
pulse to admire Alger. Teddy seemed )
destined for great things, but he has
killed his prospects, and no memory of
valiant deed performed will remove the j
recollection that he insulted some of !
the dead in the trenches before Sranti- ;
ago, and tried to impeach the worth I
of soldiers who had survived, and even !
as he wrote were with courage untlinch- :
ing facing the plague of fever. For j
Roosevelt to seek perferment again
would be useless. To his political ca- ;
reer he has chosen to write "Finis."
If the young lady who announces that
she has caught a German Baron will
make known when she ha? managed to
let go of him, I will tender congratu
lations, but in the meantime defer
them. There are unfortunate associa
tions connected with that title out here.
One German Baron went a wooing, cut
the throat of his lady love and eloped
with her jewels. He lingered for
a while to enjoy the antics of the po
lice, stirred to activity by the impro
priety of his conduct, and then went to
Texas, where he partly redeemed him
self by suicide. Another was lately
charged with murder, but established
his innocence, though not before the
fact had been made clear that an av
erage murderer would be more desira
ble. A third was a fraud, his title be
ing bogus, but he cut a wide swath,
and is now in an English* jail. So, as
worshipfully as the free born Ameri
can views a title the German Baron is
at a little discount, unless he comes
with a certified pedigree.
• * *
It may be observed that comment on
the war continues unabated, but the
war does not appear to pay to this cir
cumstance the attention that the com
mentators expect. It seems to be set
tled that a campaign cannot be directed
by means of the stump of a lead pencil
from a distance of thousands of miles.
I have been one of many to essay the
task, and the only one In the lot to
reach the conclusion that It ought to
be left to the administration and the
army.
• • •
If the police detailed to watch China
town cannot catch the Chinese offend
ers, at leaat they could do much for the
moral betterment of the city by arrest-
Ing each other and filling the Chief's
celebrated tanks with brutal bluecoats.
I am led to this conclusion by a circum
stance similar to others heretofore
mentioned. Friday a policeman was
observed beating a Chinaman over the
head with a club, and a passing citizen
made bold to ask the reason. He was
informed that the victim was the
"lookout" for a gambling establish
ment, and that in case of an attempted
raid he would give an alarm. "Then."
inquired the citizen, "why do you not
arrest him?" This seems to me to have
been a permissible question, but it
struck the clubber otherwise. "That,"
he responded, taking a fresh grip on
his club, "is none of your d n busi
ness." The citizen could not accept
this view, but having no desire to get
into the tanks himself he went on. The
policeman deserves to have his head
knocked off, to be dismissed from the
force and sent to jail. He is cowardly,
Incompetent and brutalized.
• • •
There will be no inclination to take
Issue with Aguinaldo's assertion that
he is not both a rogue and a fool. So
far as I have observed nobody has ac
cused him of being a fool.
• • •
Perhaps Senator Perkins spoke words
of wisdom when he advocated a pro
tectorate over the Philißplne* to be
made up of England, Germar France,
Russia, Spain and, this country. . I
think, however, that he not only d<«j
not but that of all the plan- proposed
this is the worst. We should either
keep the islands or let go ar. get out.
Such a protectorate would mean con
stant friction from the first, and "fater
open and widespread hostility- " .The
United States cannot be so anxtoo* to
become involved in Internatfossl brrAla
as to deliberately lay a Ech~r.i« %a pro
voke them.
• • •
No doubt I may be pardon* (or once
more touching upon the bard of "the
Visalia Delta, for when we have 'poets
in our midst let us glory in their pres
ence. Let us give them wreaths of
the style Virgil wore during his warm
tramp through hell, or at least ei\-*
them a wet rag with which to -bind
their brows. I -ventured to reproduce
some of the work of the Delta .singer.
I hope none supposed the act inspired
by an unseemly spirit of levity. Some
seem to assume that I intendedto make
invidious comment or was jealous br
cause the muse of rhyme passed me by
and gave my share of melodious jlngv
to sorm ivdy else. Xot so. For a brief
span I was inclined to regard the Delta
bard as a joker, but when he cornea
back at me with quotations from Gray
and Poe, showing himself to be in their
class, I scan his work with interest re
newed, and discern unsuspected beauty.
In token of admiration I quote again:
TULARE COUNTY.
Here changeless all the season 3 through
The flowers and shrubs abound, . ■.'■
And seldom does the thunderclap
O'er hill and vale resound. \J.
Neither Gray nor Poe ever -wrote
anything exactly like this, the difference
having been adroitly made so great
that there remains no chance for a
charge of plagiarism. Tet neither one
of them, so far as I have been able
to find out, has described Tulare so
deftly. In explanation of the contin
uous bubbling of the font, the Delta
minstrel who plays on chords invisi
ble says that when in need of inspira
tion he wanders forth and communes
with nature and the elements until his
soul gets chock full of melody, har
mony, rhythm and rhyme. Surely it
is not surprising that a soul so
jquipped should "bust into werse" of a
high class. I tried this wandering
forth myself, but it didn't work. In
stead of melody, etc., I got fleas, sun
burn, a,n embarrassing rent and nary
inspiration. So I agree that a poet
Trust be born, not made. But it seems
to me the Delta co-respondent in the ar
raignment of doggerel has no need to
iraq to light the circumstance that in
Gray's Elegy there is used the term
"has" broke." This was an old form
Df the verb, permissible at that time.
Were Gray living now and dependent
upon literature for his daily bread he
probably would rot go further than to
say "am broke." Poe also has be
fore been rebuked mildly for stating
that the bust of Pallas, recorded as be
ing above his chamber door, cast its
shadow on the floor. As the light was
from below, Pallas could not have done
this, unless the most remarkable bust
in which Poe ever mdv leed. Being
of marble, it was rigidly proscribed
from the process now known as rubber
necking. Clearly enough, Poe was in
error, although at intervals he might,
have seen shadows and other things
«'here nothinsr was revealed to the 6r
ilnary observer. As both Gray an!
Poe had faults, the minor ones mani
'est at Visalia can reasonably be ove»*
ooked. I hope the soul chock full of
:he stuff the owner mentions will con
:inue to throw itself gladsomely. | : :
HOW TO CLEAN A STRAW HAT.
Scrub the rim of the hat first with the
juice of one lemon. Cut out an oval
piece of cardboard the size of the crown.
Scrub the straw and rinse in cold water.
Put the piece of cardboard inside the
crown and .lay the hat upside down and
press the cardboard nrmly Into the
crown. Turn the hat down on a piece
of wrapping paper, cover the rim with
paper and place heavy weights on the
rim and leave over night to dry.
•■ m »
AN EXPENSIVE HANDKERCHIEF
It took seven years to make a handker
chief for which the Empress of Russia
paid $5000.
■♦ ■ ■
Cala. Glace Fruits 50c It>; fire etch boxes.
Townsend's, 627 Market. Palace HoteL •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ■ .*.
First Evangelist— Do you think yon
have fully saved Mr. Tipple?
Second Evangelist— Yes, indeed. I hava
prayed with him and sang for him, and
read to him until he has become so con
verted that he is going to get a divorce
from his wife and marry me. — Harlem
Life.
■ ♦ »
Don't bP swindled by others. Call on us. Our
wines are pure. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 Mkt.
»—» — ♦
"They say there are about 1-400 of thos«-
Philippine. Islands." ~. "
"Is that bo?"
"Yes; and of course there'll have to he
at least one postoffice on each of them."
"Great Scott! and yet some fools think
we oughtn't to hold on to them!"—
land Leader. Ul' *■'" -
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MASON JARS ,
AT LESS THAN COST.
Mason Pint Jars, . . 38c doz
m Quart Jars, . . 4Sc doz
•♦ half Callon Jars, 67c doz
EXTRA
BIG GIFTS
F^REE
WITH OUR
NEW CROP TEAS.
QUALITY BEST OBTAINABLE.
PRICES LOWEST IX AMERICA.
Great American Import'gTea Co's
MONEY-SAVING STORES.
I . Store Address— Telephone Ko.
1011 Market street (opp. Powell). Folsom 101
'HO Sixth street.... Mlnt 1734 .
21S Third street .: Clay 163
506 Kearny street.." Davis 223
146 Ninth street. Mint 1218
2510 Mission street..'... Blue 903
3006 Sixteenth street.. .......White 1323 '
3SS Hayes street.....^'. Mint
705 l.arkin street.... • Larkin SS3
1419 Polk street .Polk 425
ISI9 Devisadero street.....* Scott 703
200S Filtmore street Pine 4975
521 Montgomery avenue. 1190 Kentucky street.
■ SKS Mission street.
."-'Market street Drumm t5
OAKLAND STORES. ':- A'~ -I
1053 TlTashlngton street... .Blue 773
917 Broadway .....Red 8664
131. San Pablo avenue .............White 863
616 East Twelfth street.'. .Red 3056
1510 Seventh 5treet.......... ........Clay 16l
Park street, »Alameda. ...... -1.. Black '834
GOODS DELIVERED PROMPTLY.SOLDIERS FOR HAWAII DEPART.
THE TACOMA SAILS FOR MANILA
'.;V;j|^HiAMP. MERRITT is errowlng
;\J '■■ ■'■". ■Bnia.ller by degrees and beauti
:''■l"- --v -"fully less. To-morrow the First
-.■■" : Tennessee Regiment will move to
y '•■■•;. .tki> Presidio reservation and then
'. -y.ptily . '.troops remaining at Camp
:..- ! : ; M!?'rrlit>viU bo the forces designated to
: '.eojii.pii ; sg'' : the. fifth Manila expedition.
; • 'Ttve-: >t^amers Arizona and Scandia,
■; 'nosy-; '^imost ready to receive the sol
■; ■dipri*. .w-Hl' take away the last of the
■;' : c.amp:: 3|sfritt battalions.
,' •;;' T;fie : ::iß liiiary..'authorities made a mls
'■ .take.: in- .selecting the old race track for
• : f i-camip'in^-slte. The wires were some
; hQw.a(J'raiily -.manipulated in the inter
■■ -e.s-t ofi.'the '"Market Street Railway to ef
fect- .ijh;e- change from the Presidio to
/ the.,-mchmQnd District, but there is no
• euspfcion that the military authorities
... v had •iknasviedge of the manipulation.
: -.'VT:h'e Sanitary condition of Camp Mer
l rijt was bad because too many men
A ■fr.&ce-; "placed on a small tract of land.
. iT.he secti-in of the city in which the
t;.:ra nip' is" .located is quite as good, so far
■■ health, is concerned, as any other
•dfstfiVt -;•;''? San Francisco. After all
■•; that ; hh.'s:-b.een said in condemnation of
'■■ •' thY camp: the fact cannot be contro
y::vprteil;"i;'hat the death rate was small
: .-bs compared with the mortality in other
■':■.■ .ca'iripis;. throughout the United States.
:"■..•'•„ " A cha.iige from the comforts and care
.V'o.f." : h^m'e'. : -tp a life on the tented field
■; '■'# .1 is'ftys 'produces sickness. The death
■.i.rat-e. ') iri - ; camp frequently becomes
• alarming by reason of climatic changes
.'; ...crri* thej'.n.eg'lect of troops to obey the
•': cnlinary. injunctions of the medical of
r-. ficersV"} i>uring the Civil War the death
■■[v rate, in; camps along: the Mississippi
.-'■' River was at times appalling.
ON THE RESERVATION.
Camp at the Presidio Pleases
I.;- the Kansas Regiment — The
■i; \ '.;.;' ;. •. . Paymaster's Visit.
.■•:.-. Th^ chief Item of interest to the troops:
.' st Presidio yesterday was the visit
• of- .Paymaster Major Lord with his well
: flii^d nw.iiey-bags. Troops B and M,
• : V:"J6qiij|tli -.United States Cavalry; detach
•■.:;; .jri^nt 1 9 ; p, ;ir and L. Third United States
'■■': ■■ jtrtilie.rs::. detachment hospital corps and
'.'■ tfeer'a.eld .staff and band of the Fourth
< aviilry; vr?re paid and the men looked
; .-- thY ■hi.ppVer for the extra weight of their
: ' ..■ puTses;' .', .- '
.Th^.. Algper Battery and the two batter
^-s of .California Heavy Artillery, under
the- command of Major Rice, were also
:: ■ rHust.ere'il • for pay.
I'"'-. C-'o'idriel.. Funston. Twentieth Kansas
'••• ReKi^neii.t, expressed himself as much
' : pleaied. -with the Presidio as a camping
: -Kr6dnd.. : .He declares that in every way
•.■"•'it; 18-superior to Camp Merritt. The men
: of the. : regiment are also much pleased
. -with their new quarters.
:. -^Privaie Guy W. Halladay, Company I.
'•• Seventh' California, died at the Marine
JJbspital on Friday night of spinal men
■"" ingi'tls." •■■
' :. The. funerals of Private Erickson, Corps
■'■'. of. Engineers, and Private Stillwagon
:"• took : pLace yesterday afternoon. Their
remains were interred In the Presidio
':'• •Cemetery.
• •/•.••Private- Nash, First Now Tork Reari
.' raent who accidentally shot himself
' through the wrist, was resting easily yea
•.-terday.' " ,-: .^r--'-- ■ - ■■ ■
THE. TENNESSEE BAND.
. Marked Improvement Under
■■■'.:-th e. . Direction of Patrick
" Bradley, Its New Leader.
- ' The officers of the First Tennessc-e Regi
. rtient, with the band and colors, marched
■lip tr> brigade headquarters at Camp Mer
»' r. • yesterday afternoon and gave a sere
•.ijade concert. The main object was to let
'{'.General King hear the band and know
• : now wonderfully It has improved under
'. th^ direction of its new leader, Patrick
:. Bradley. 1 . General King was very much
'.' ..pleased at the pleasant event, as he baa
• Known Bradley for many years.
\ "Bradley was leader of the Fifth Cay
■ airy band." said General King, "when
•General Merritt was Its colonel and I
wa.« its' adjutant, at Fort Russell, "Wyo.,
...•••In lS77i.' He was conceded at that time to
• .be the finest trumpeter in the entire cay
. . airy: ■ service of the regular army. He
certainly has a fine ear for music."
... ■ - »
A WEEDING OUT.
incapacitated Soldiers to Be
.;.: Discharged as Soon as It
Can Be Properly Done.
AboartJ of medical officers, consisting
' ' b't Major Edward B. Moseley, surgeon,
■-. United- .States army. Major Lewis ' R.
. Daws.on, surgeon, First Washington Vol
: ...unfe^r Infantry, and First Lieutenant El
• rner- M. Brown, assistant surgeon, same
' \ ':]}'. ADVEBTISEMJSNTS.
*■:*> «f .♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
'■■■* The Big Store In the Mission, +
■■■ •■■■ - ii
ODD CHAIRS ON HAND :
. ♦ ;•' =: : Await Buyers at Onr Store. X
:■■+■ - .-■;•.; .. . +
-.♦;.:•,■ .'• . +
, ■•■♦■; .This Is not a public meeting:, but -f
:.Vt"Cs]l- the same we invite you to take +
■.■■:: the; chair — several chairs, In fact; X
.if ..the more chairs you take, the hand- -f
- -somer and more attractive you will ♦
•>\f- -flake your house. It is the height "*"
; 4,. ;bfr ODDITY not to admire our ODD X
; : .♦c-hairs. Figures have been marked -f
\. '■* -dov^n. That makes it risky to wait. "♦"
f;*::-YX''- ■♦•
'§?:?£. FREE— Our Elegant 208-Page +
$: Illustrated Catalogue. Write
* for It. • x
I . PATTOSIEN'S. I
j£ jG&r. 16th and Mission. X
*■■••■■■■ : ■ -f
,"••*.> :'f+ 4-, 4-4- 4- 4- 4-, 4- 44-4 4- 4- 4- 4-
••■■■• •
regiment, has been appointed to meet at 1
the Presidio at the call of the president ■
of the board to make personal examina
tion of and consider all cases of enlisted
men brought before it on surgeon's cer
tificate of disability, from troops belong
ing to the Department of California.
This order means the weeding out of all
men who have become physically dis
qualified for active service. General King,
in command at Camp Merritt, and. who
will command the next expedition to Ma
nila, is now busily engaged in the weed
ing out process, and will have a large
number of incapacitated men to report to
military headquarters for discharge from
the army. He is determined to take with
him none but men in first-class physical
condition.
• »
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
The Regiment Accepts an Invi
tation to Drill in San Fran
cisco — A Bugle From
San Jose.
CAMP BARRETT. Sather Tract, Aug.
6.— Mitchell Zarcone, bugler of Company
B of San Jose, was to-day presented with
a handsome silver bugle, the sift of the
Second Ward Dewey Republican Club of
that city. Zarcone is not a member of
the club, but has many friends among
its members, who recognize his patriot-
LADEN TRANSPORTS SAIL FOR HAWAII.
Tf)e Charles Nelson and Laßr^e Left San Francisco Port Early Yesterday, Carrying Soldiers for
Honolulu. Th)e Tacoma, With Horses for Manila, Accompanied Th)em.
WITHOUT the toot of a whistle or the boom of a cannon the transports Charles Nelson and Lakme got away for Honolulu and the Tacoma for Ma
nila early yesterday morning.
Friday night the New York Volunteers went aboard the Charles Nelson and Lakme and the steamers then went Into the stream and anchored.
At 6 a. m. yesterday the Nelson was under way and an hour later was off the nine-fathom buoy.
At 9a. m. the Lakme's anchor was taken aboard and shortly afterward she also was on her way out through the Golden Gate. Given a fair wind
the transports may make the run to Honolulu in eight days, but the chances are that they will be all of ten and may be eleven before the soldier boys get
out of their close quarters.
At 10 a. m. the Tacoma was ready for a tow to sea. The tug Sea King went alongside and soon had her outside. It did not take Captain Davis
long to get all sail on his ship and the Tacoma was soon speeding after the Nelson and Lakrne.
A great number of people visited the front during the morning to see the transports off. One and all were disappointed, as the transports were
out of sight of land before the sightseers reached the water front.
ism in leaving his wife, children and or
chard to fight for Uncle Sam. This par
ticular bugle is a happy acquisition at
this time, for there is a scarcity of this
instrument. There are twenty-three bu
glers In the regiment and only fourteen
bugles, and in reality only two of these
are regimental property.
Colonel Henshaw has formally accepted
the Invitation from the Army and Navy
Christian Commission to hold a regimen
tal drill in San Francisco. All he asks Is
plenty of room, and he promises to go to
the metropolis 200 strong and givo
a regimental drill such as is not often wit
nessed.
James P. Gaffney of Company B is now
regimental stenographer to Colonel Hen
shaw, and he Is kept quite busy con-
St There are only three cases in the care
of the Hospital Corps outKlde of Private
Frank Bush of Company * , who was
removed to Fabiola, and who is to-day re
ported much improved. One of the cases
is tfcU of Sergeant C. C. Hovis of Com
pany L, who Is suffering from malaria,
the result of camp life. He had a similar
experience while camping about three
yey c a aptain°George H. Voss of Company L
was officer of the day to-day, Lieutenant
Thomas Rutledge of Company X officer
of the guard. Lieutenant W . C. Bean or
Company E supernumerary officer of the
ci Chaplain Oliver C. Miller has prepared
an order of regimental service to-mor
row. There will be music by the regi
mental band and Mrs. M. M. Dewing of
the choir of the First M. E. Church of
Oakland is to sing a soprano solo. Chap
lain Miller's sermon will treat of Na
tions as the Instrument of Divine Pro\i
dence."
Moving Their Tents.
The Christian Commission have been ex
ceedingly active the past few days mov
ing their tents to the Presidio and estab
lishing new locations. Thus far they have
erected five 61 their tents at the Presidio
and the other will go up as soon as the
rest of the troops leave Camp Merritt.
The San Francisco Press Club gave a de
lightful entertainment for the boys at
the Mothers 1 Club headquarters last even-
Ing. The following sums have been re
ceived during the past few days for the
Commission work:
Additional from Tennessee drill, _*5 10;
Kansas drill so far reported, $652 25; re
ceipts from Bale of Commission buttons,
$6- flags at Kansas drill, $6 50; Franklln-
Ftreet Presbyterian Church, San Fran
cisco, $5; Mrs. M. S. Williams, $5; Dr.
Thomas Addlson. $10.
War Incidents.
Light Battery C, Utah Volunteer Ar
tillery, has been assigned to station at the
Presidio.
Another company of the First New
York Regiment, not yet designated, is to
be sent to Honolulu on the 10th on the
steamer Mariposa.
The First Tennessee Regiment will
move from Camp Merrltt to the Presidio
to-morrow.
Enlisted men belonging to the Eighth
California Volunteer Infantry are asking
why they are not allowed the same priv
ileges In regard to passes as volunteers
in other regiments receive. It Is said that
the men at the Presidio and Camp Mer
ritt can get passes for the asking, while
at Camp Barrett passes are allowed to
a man but once every ten days.
General Merriam will probably take a
trip to Honolulu, going as soon after the
sailing of the Arizona and Scandia as
possible.
The Fifty-first lowa has been Informed
by the Governor of lowa that Secretary
of War Alger has assured him that this
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
| regiment shall be sent to the Philippines
if transports can be obtained. The boys
now feel confident of a trip to the Orient
in the near future.
There is yet remaining at San Fran
cisco a force of about 11,000 troops expect
ing to be transported to the Philippines.
There have been sixty-four deaths at
Camp Merritt. Forty-three were caused
by pneumonia and bronchial pneumonia,
and seven by spinal meningitis. There
were four fatal cases of typhoid fever.
General Samuel M. B. Young, who ren
dered gallant service in the early move
ments of the Santiago campaign, has re
covered his health and been assigned to
duty at Montauk Point, where many reg
iments of General Shatter's army will go
into camp to recuperate. General Young
is well known in San Francisco. He was
formerly post commander at the Pre
sidio.
The Glen Ellen Social Club gave an en
tertainment for the benefit of t^e Sonoma
Red Cross Society, the net reciip:a of
which amounted to $55 55.
Cannon Will Meet Wallace To-Day.
This afternoon and evening the fat gen
tleman at the Chutes will take his long
contemplated trips into the cage of Wal
lace, the largest lion in captivity. Can
non will dress in tights and be unarmed
and he is confident that no harm will
come to himself or the lion. The den has
been built in the open air at the foot of
the lake, and there will be accommoda
tions for thousands.
STILL THE FARMERS
CONTROL THE MARKET
FOB A TIME WHEAT PRICES
DEPEND ON THEM.
But No Unreasonably High Rates for
the Cereal May Be Looked for
This Year— Crop Estimate.
August 6, 1898.
The past week has caused a radical
change in wheat speculation. Prices show
an appreciation of 5 cents over those of
the week previous. The cause for the ad
vance may chiefly bo attributed to the
stronger English market and email re
ceipts at home grain centers. There has
been strong buying of spot wheat from
all quarters, foreigners leading. The ex
ceedingly low stocks at home and abroad
helped to frighten shorts who had sold
to their limits. The buying from thi*
quarter made the market very spirited
at the advance. Farmers were disposed
to sell their wheat more liberally. Ex
porters reported cash offerings increasing
materially, but the price for spot was by
no means soft.
The crop is now estimated by good con
servative experts at 700,000,000 bushels.
England and France report their crop
progressing favorably. Reports from
Russia are not as as.suring as they might
be yet there is no reason to anticipate
otherwise than a fair crop. There would
at this time, appear to be enough wheat
to go around. Much depends upon the
action of farmers. If they begin to sell
their wheat the supply will, of necessity,
meet tht; demand. The action of the
market during the past week was more
of a congested state — an oversold condi
tion. Those who had sold September
thought it prudent to change from that
option to December when spring wheat
will be on the market.
It is a noticeable fact spring wheat pro
ducers are more disposed to sell their
wheat an soon as harvested than farmers
in the winter wheat section. Harvesting
in the Dakotas and Minnesota will be well
under way by Wednesday of this week,
when deliveries will show a material In
crease. These conditions may produce a
freer movement In winter wheat; If so
present prices will not hold. A depress
ing effect will exert itself and a lower
range of prices prevail. If, on the other
hand, producers refuse to part with their
wheat temporarily prices may go higher,
but the fact remains America will have a
large surplus this crop year which must
sooner or later find an outlet. Prices
will have to be shaped to suit conditions.
At present prices producers are rewarded
by a fair profit for their efforts.
The situation does not warrant any
sensational markets such as prevailed
previous to June. Any furtner advance
will not be lasting. When millers' stocks
are filled up, which will not take long,
their offerings will have to find accept
ance through storage sources. This de
mand Is never as urgent as that of mill
ers. Those who anticipate unreason
able high prices for wheat this year
will meet with disappointment. An ad
vance resulting from buying by shortß Is
not generally of a lasting character. The
market will from time to time become
oversold and a good rally result, but as
soon as the market becomes evened up
the reaction will be as rapid as the ad
vance. September wheat in the Chicago
market sold at eSTfcc, December 6t>%c,
Saturday— an advance of s*4c for the for
mer and 3c for the latter from the low
point.
Wheat In the local market was active
and higher, demand coming almost en
tirely from shorts. The heavy premium
for December wheat is starting consider
able wheat from Washington and Oregon,
which will probably increase rapidly after
harvesting begins. Shippers are almost
entirely out of the market. One point
which holders of wheat should not over
look is the probable cheapness of tonnage
from the north later on. Unless some
thing unforeseen happens local prices
cannot hold.
Barley has exerted every effort to ad
vance, but with little or no effect. Lower
prices must result. r _ e _ mulcahy<
Music in Santa Cruz
Is the title of an Interesting illustrated
article in this week's Town Talk, by Al
fred Metzger. This issue is one of Town
Talk's series of specials and is devoted
to Music, a nnrtarit of Mrs. Ernest Lent
appears on the title page and one of Ed
ward Lvman Bill, the New \ork music
publisher, within. Politics by the Saun
terer, society news, readable editorials,
criticisms upon grand opera and the
week's plays, and two clever stones are
features or the Issue.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. W. J. Downing of Suisun Is at the
Baldwin.
Dr. J. W. Stltt of Vacaville Is at the
Baldwin.
A. C. Craig and wife of Philadelphia is
at the Palace.
Sidney Newell, an attorney of Stockton,
Is at the Grand.
G. M. Francis, of the Napa Register, Is
at the Occidental.
J. F. Rooney, an attorney of Sonora, la
at the Occidental.
Rev. Alexander Mackintosh of Honolulu
Is at the Occidental.
L. W. and Shirley Burris of Santa Rosa
are at the California.
W. D. Pennycook of the Vallejo Chroni
cle Is at the Occidental.
A. C. Panton, a leading physician of
Portland, is at the Grand.
"I would not
pass through such
another night to
buy a world of
happy days,"
sighed the guest
'TWAS ONLY
A
DREAM.
w "as he recounted
»Oi3«»»i30«» the experiences of
a night at the Palace. "When I engaged
my room I stipulated with the clerk that
the principal condition -of the contract
waa that he should furnish a room where
the noises of the hotel and ; street were
farthest removed. I retired. Heaven
blessed sleep soon wrapped me In forget
fulness profound and then I began to
dream. Ah, what a dream that was! I
was back at Monte Carlo with the dear
general, my only true friend and bene
factor; the red and the black and the
spinning wheel and the clink of the chips,
all combined to make me think of heaven.
I was winning. Luck was with me and
I could not ? lose. With the blood of the
reckless gambler ', which flows through
my veins I doubled and doubled and yet
I won.
" - And then I woke up. • But what did I
hear?— the actual clinking: of chips and
the low eweet rumbling of the wheel. I
swear to you I thought I was at the
boards once more. The sounds did not
cease but continued during my waking.
It was so realistic that fear took pos-
MMtoB of me. I knew I was awake, but
the horrors of an hallucination held me
fast. Clink, clink and rumble, rumble.
It went on Just the same. The strain on
my mind proved Insufferable, and in an
agony of fear I dressed myself hurriedly
and called upon the night clerk. I was
panting when I explained things to him.
He is a big and wise man, and I thought
he would know if there were any spooks
around the hotel. And then he told me
that my apartments were alongside the
card room of the Union League Club,
where the clinking gets Its birth, and that
the rumbling came from the elevator on
the other side. Ah, but It was such a
happy dream." The guest sighed and
went his way.
Peter Musto. wife and daughter of
Stockton, are at the Grand.
D. P. Durst, a newspaper man of
Wheatland, is at the Grand.
James B. Gray and Charles B. Splttal
of Glasgow are at the Palace.
A. Betten, proprietor of the Byron Hot
Springs Hotel, is at the Baldwin.
W. B. King, president of the Oregon
Telephone Company of Portland, is at the
Palace.
F. M. McCormack, freight agent of the
Rock Island at Sacramento, Is at the Oc
cidental.
Surveyor of Customs Spear and his wife
left the city last evening for a two weeks'
vacation at Castle Crag.
H. M. Le Flemming, a prominent fruit
grower of Penryn, accompanied by his
wife, is at the Occidental.
Edward Chambers, general freight agent
of the Southern California Railroad and
the Santa Fe and Pacific, 1b at the Palace.
Shot While Firing a Salute.
Frank Abbott and George Matherson,
twe schoolboys climbed to the summit of
Twin Peaks yesterday for the purpose of
filing a salute in honor of the victories of
the United States army and navy against
Spain.
A 32-callber pistol was the Instrument
chosen with which to make the noise, and
through ignorance of Its workings or by
carelessness a bullet was put Into one of
Matherson's legs. The injured boy was
taken to the City and County Hospital.
The little si fferer resides with his parents
at 933 Sanchez street, while the home of
Abbott is at 39 Vicksburg street.
■ ♦ »
Little May Kingsley Killed.
May Kingsley, the 7-year-old daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. Kingsley of
2227% Mission street, came to an untimely
death last Friday. The child was riding
on her tricycle on a cement pavement and
fell off while making an abrupt turn. Her
skull was fractured and death was the re
sult.
When Your Bost Girl Smiles.
As ycrir head you scratch and your
coat collar looks like a snow-flaked patch,
you will wish you had used Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, the only remedy for
Itching scalp, dandruff and falling hair.
Guaranteed by all druggists; price, 50c.
Sample sent free by Smith Bros., Fresno,
Cal. •
• ' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
® (5
CITYOF#B a l PARIS
i DRY GOODS COMPANY. <j
I HOUSEKEEPING DEPARTMENT. |
T Blankets = = = = Blankets ]
I Blankets --■-■- Blankets ;
0 We have Just opened and are now exhibiting in our Geary street (
V windows the finest line of WHITE BLANKETS in the city. Expressly
(j) made for the City of Paris Dry Goods Company. Conceded to be the <
"4v best values ever offered In this market. - 1." "' .
V 11-4 full sized at the following prices: , ' t .
(? $3.25, •. '
® $4.50,
I *<5.00, • /
® $<5.50. .. (
I ' .:■'•■.■*•:"::: &7.&0, r - '-:■'■' 'y ' ' ■' ; "■ ' /
® , v •- ■ •-•••• ,-< ■ '••'• ■■♦ <
$11.00,
® $12.50. '
A We also carry the best qualities in the MISSION WOOLEN • MILLS <
1 BLANKETS. *-:^? i -' l $t t
@ Reversible Colored Blankets for bath robes (new designs) V <
® Extra quality fine Colored Blankets (Jacquard borders)* ■-V ' ; / (
1 CRIB BLANKETS, all sizes and qualities. — (
f SPECIAL SALE (
V . To Close Out Odd Numbers of COMFORTERS. <s
<k> 45 full size, reduced from • $1 00 to GOc <i
A3B full size, reduced from •• 110 to 75e '
Y25 full size, reduced from 125 to 85c .*-
(Ji 55 full size, reduced from.... 1 75 to *1 3S :
V 63 full size, reduced from.. 2 00 to 81 35
® 23 full size, reduced from 2 25 to ?1 oO: (i
\ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
4> ■• Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets. •
(j) UNION SQUARE. (t
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICE.
C O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per ration.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If Tou Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
33 Market St., S. F.
AN OLD MAN
ASSAULTED
BY ROBBERS
Daring Crimeon Berry
Street.
WATCH AND MONEY TAKEN
THOMAS O'BRIEN, AGED 65
YEARS, THE VICTIM.
Choked and Beaten by Two Men Who
Had Followed Him to His
Home.
Thomas O'Brien, an old man, was at
tacked by two men at Third and Berry
streets late Friday night and after be
ing beaten into insensibility was
robbed of $20 and a silver watch.
According to O'Brien's story he
visited Corbett's pool-room on Ellis
street to cash a ticket on the Tracey-
McConnell fight. His ticket called for
$20 and after receiving the money he
started for his home.
While he was in the pool-room he
noticed two men, who seemed to be
watching him. As he left the place they
followed him, but not thinking that
they intended to hold him up he paid no
attention to them. He walked along
Fourth street and when near King the
men passed him and entered a door
way. Still unmindful of his danger
O'Brien continued on his way, and as
he passed the robbers one of them
threw his arm around his throat and
threatened to strangle him if he made
.: ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTORS CUBE
AH Chronic Diseases,
Consumption and Deformities,
i L_^ a Tientu-riYB Years'
t^jfck Successful Experience.'
Q |a Twentu-five Years'
•wTgj* m Successful Experience.
jj^ i*gW f Thousands of Cures.
Largest Institute on
b j^y< j^Y^-Jjv*. i the Paciric Loast.
><Sfew Most EffectlYe Reme-
'■■C^.^a^^^^^ih' Five Skllle(i s eclal
K^Mk wM^J^ Reasonable Charges,
L : v-^sSaS^J *%i? 7 ADVICE FREE.
/ \i I ' ~ \%r^ Am/ " IvL A liL/L**
English and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market Street, San Franoisco. .
Office Hours— to 12, 1 to 5 dally. Evenings 7to 8. Sundays 9to 11.
/^ r Makers of
/^-^RfEQf •
S^ r [TttiiJg
§pectagles»EyeGlasses
OPTICIANsAor^t.Zn^'
642 Market st. instruments-
ufocn CMROHICIE BunDiMO. CATALOGUE iREt.
an outcry. His accomplice struck him
a blow in the mouth, knocking out three
of his front teeth. The robber who held
him by the throat also struck him ren
dering him unconscious. They then
searched his pockets, taking his money
and jewelry.
A short time afterward a policeman
happened to be walking along the
street and discovered O'Brien lying on
the sidewalk. As he seemed to be ser
iously injured he had him removed to
the Receiving Hospital. After recov
ering consciousness O'Brien told the
story of the robbery, and also gave a
description of the assailants. He de
scribed the man who first attacked him
as being about thirty years of age, had
a reddish mustache and was dressed
in a dark suit of clothes. His compan
ion wore a dark slouch hat which was
pulled down over his ey<?s, concealing
his face. Immediately after the rob
bery was reported to Chief Lees he de
tailed two of his best men on the case.
Up to a late hour last night, however,
they had not succeeded in locating the
desperate men.
RAILROAD REPORTS.
Two Accounts Filed With the Rail
road Commision.
The various railroad corporations are
beginning to file their annual reports with
the Railroad Commission. Up to date the
Gualala River Railway, operating a line
from Bowens Landing to the company's
logging camp, and the Towle Brothers
Company, which operates a line thirty
seven miles long, are the only corpora
tions which have filed reports.
The Valley Railroad report is prepared
and ready for filing and the Southern Pa
cific Company is hard at work on its
report and expects to file it In a few
weeks. According to a rule of the com
mission all reports must be filed before
the Ist of September.
The Gualala River Railway's re
port Is very brief, showing no results of
the operation. The Towles line, which
begins at Towles, runs nine miles beyond
the company's Deer Creek mill. Exten
sions have been made during the year
which, with former expenses for con
struction, show an outlay of $58,738 74.
The operating expense of the road Is
$4SST 99; the freight revenue $178 S9, show
ing a deficit of $4678 10.
Smuggled Opium Seized.
Customs Searcher J. W. Campbell yes
terday discovered fifty flve-tael cans of
smuggled opium on the Doric in the bag
gage of a passenger. The opium was
confiscated. It is valued at $400.
78
FAREWELL DRILL OF THE SEVENTH.
Volunteer Soldiers From Southern California Entertain a Great
Throng at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Through the efforts of the members of Golden Gate Commandery. Knights Templar, the regimental fund of the
Seventh California. United States Volunteers, was greatly augmented last night. The affair assumed the form of
a drill at Mechanics' Pavilion.
The men of tho regiment went through the variouß evolutions as one man, their splendid drilllner showing to
advantage in the evolutions of the entire regiment under command of Colo.iel John R. Berfy. After the men were
formed for this number Mrs. Annis Montague-Turner sang "The Star-Spangled Banner," the audience standing. She
w^.: presented with a beautiful stand of carnations by the California boys.
Miijor General Merriam, commanding- the Department of California, was the reviewing officer. This duty was
performed in the early part of the evening with all impressiveness possible. Heretofore it has been placed last on
the programme and lias been witnessed by a mere hanuful of spectators. The error was made of saving too long
a programme. There is, necessarily, a sameness :o the evolutions that makes them pall on the spectators at the
end of two hours.
During the evening Captain H. D. Alfonso, adjutant of the regiment, read a telegram from the members of LO3
Angeles Commandery to those of Golden Gate Commanacry manking them for their work In behalf of the boys
from Southern California. The entertainment was under the direction of J. C. Campbell, generaasslmo; C. L.
Field, past commander; j. L. Feel and Dr. J. M. Gaasaway, assisted by members of the commandery. All were in
UOU On l °thV reviewing stand with General Merriam were: Brigadier General Miller. Brigadier General King, Ad
jutant General A. W. Barrett, Colonel Fred Burgin and others of Governor Budd's staff, besides officers from vari
ous regiments now stationed here. The ladles of the Red Cross entertained the boys at dinner in Machinery Hall.
Among those who labored for the comfort of the regiment were:
Mrs. W. B. Harrington. Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. I. Lowenberg, Mrs.W. H. Mills, Mrs. Chauncey Winslow,
Mrs McEwen, Mrs. Robert Mackenzie, Mrs. Judge Slack, Mrs. Wilshire, Miss Bowman. Mrs. Breyfogie, Mrs. H.
Gibb.,:;^ Misses Elliott, Miss Allyno, Miss Muynard. Mrs. L. L. Baker. Mrs Buckingham. Mrs. A. W. Scott, Miss
Gilmore' Miss Reese. Miss Long, Miss Danforth, Miss Steele. Miss Snook, Miss Burns, Miss Stone, Miss Loosley,
Miss Marquard, Miss McCullough, Mis.ss Dodge, Miss Beck, Mrs. Monteagle, Miss Loring. Miss Heath, Miss Tlckner,
Miss Weber, Mrs. Bowman, Miss Eckert, Miss Owen. Mrs. Theodore Smith, Miss Sadler, Miss C. Cook. Miss Gibbons.
Executive board in charge: Mrs. \V. R. Smedberg. Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs.W. R. Eckart, Mrs. J. D. de Greayer,
Mrs Dunbar. Mrs. E. R. Dimond, Mrs. A. Hubbard, Mrs. Edna Snell Poulson, Mrs. H. Martinez. Mrs. J. R. Loosley,
Mrs J H Buckingham, Mrs. Herman Sadler. Mrs. Frank Sumner. Mrs. W. T. Fonda, Miss Wethered.
' ' In view of the marked success of the drill last night the ladies of the Red Cross Society have arranged for an
other exhibition next Saturday night. The popular Tennessee regiment will contribute a varied programme.
WHY THE CASE
WAS DISMISSED
JUDGE MOGAN PAYS RESPECTS
TO SERGEANT HARPER.
He Gives His Reasons for Not Con
victing Ike Willis of Using
Vulgar Language.
Judg-e Mogan did not at all relish the
criticism upon his dismissal Friday of the
charge of vulgar language against Ike
Willis, janitor and messenger for the Jus
tices' courts. In speaking of the case
yesterday the Judge said:
"The case against Ike Willis, charged
■with using vulgar language, was tried
before me yesterday. The testimony of
the officers was that Willis used an oath
In the presence of a woman known as
Mabel Pinp, alias Mabel Van Pool, alias
Mabel Allen, a woman of the town who
has been arrested on numerous occasions
for vagrancy and street walking. I asked
the officer what character of woman the
prosecuting witness was, and he replied
.that she was an inmate of a house of ill
fame.
"Willis. In his defense, proved that he is
the messenger and acting bailiff of the
Justices' Court and a peace officer, and
that while speaking to the woman on the
street she Informed him that she had an
engagement with Sergeant Harper, and
In reply thereto he remarked: 'Oh, to
h with Harper. 1 Harper overheard tr.e
remark and ordered the arrest of illis.
"Owing to the fact that language pos
sibly vulgar could not offend a woman
of such character, and the further fact
that the woman did not appear to prose
cute and thai Sergeant Harper displayed
come feeling in the case, I dismissed the
game. It seems to me that when Sergeant
Harper saw this woman "street walking,
and knew the life she led, that it was
his duty to arrest her aa a vagrant, and
I so tnld him.
"Outside the courtroom Sergeant Har
per instructed Officer Collins not to arrest
the woman under any circumstances.
What his reasons are for the said in
structions, it is possible to venture a
STUCSS
"The statement that othor witnesses
were present and that I refused to hear
their testimony is untrue.
"I have Informs* ion from a former
Prosecuting Attorney of the Police Court
that Sergeant Harper's testimony can
not always be believed. I think that if
the public knew a little more of the in
side history of Mr. Harper very little at
tention would be paid to his statements."
HAWAIIAN TONNAGE TAX.
Attorney General Grigg-s Decides
That United States Laws Are
Not Yet Operative in the
Islands.
Tn response to a question whether the
Hawaiian tonnage tax should be collected
from vessels criming from Hawaiian ports
to the United States, Attorney General
Griggs has rendered an opinion, from
which the following Is an extract:
•"If we should hold the previous rela
tion of the two countries altered as sug
gested we should vainly look throuph the
resolution for any adequate provision for
enforcing such laws as are supposed to
apply to the islands. No arrangement is
made for collecting- our tonnage tax upon
vessels, of other countries entering Ha
waiian ports, nor Is any other tax law
or other law of the United States, unless
It bo the law prohibiting Chinese immi
gration, expressly or implledly furnished
with Instrumentalities for its execution.
It seems to me that. In view of this gen
eral plan and of the express declaration
that the existing customs relations, else
where spoken of as 'the present commer
cial relation?, ' of the Hawaiian Islands
with the United States and other coun
tries are to remain unchanged, it Is Dot
going too far to say that Congress haw
affirmatively Indicated its intent that
such laws aa our tonnage tax laws are to
remain undisturbed by the annexation of
the islands until 'Congress shall provide
a government for such islands,' or until
a commission shall advise and Congress
enant 'such legislation concerning the
Hawaiian Islands as they deem necessary
or proper.'
•■Vessels from Hawaiian ports, there
fore, having been from foreign ports
within the meaning of the tonnage tax
law. have not ceased, in my opinion, to be
vessels from foreign ports within the
meaning of that law."
STAMPED PAPERS.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch re
ceived yesterday from the office of the
Commissioner cf Internal Revenue the
! following opinion, which will prove of
' vital interest to bankers, brokers and bus
! mess men generally.
Tour letter of the 14th Inst. has been re
1 celved, submitting for examination by this
: office, the opinion rendered to you by your
counsel, Mr. John P. Wilson, as to the re
quirement! of schedule A t>f the act of June
I 13, IS9S, relating to the various instruments
1 and documents used In the transactions of your
I board. :• ;. -
He has correctly advised you that • the pro
j visions of the statute requiring a stamp upon
; promissory notes and also upon mortgages and
; trust deedx securing the same, are distinct and
separate and that stamps are required on both
; the note and mortgage. But his opinion that
' a release deed, reconveylng property conveyed
! by mortgage or trust deads to secure the pay
i ment of money given after the payment of the
: debt secured thereby, does not require a stamp
: In accordance with the ruling of this office.
It has en held that where, In the satisfaction
of the mortgage, a rejular release is executed,
i the release cornea under the head of a "con
i veyance," and that-the stamp tax is required
'■ to be paid. thereon according to the value of
, the Interests released, or conveyed by such in
: "trum^nt. Where, however, the local laws
authorize entry of satisfaction, and the mort
gage Is thus canceled, such entry does not re
quire a stamp, as it Is regarded neither as a
'• lease nor as a certificate.
He Is inclined to the opinion that coupon
I or interest notes in no case require to be
stamped; but It is held by this office that
| when a note or bond Is given for the pay
*** o/
• ' ' ■ ByiJS' - '. ■ ■ - /
A &\
A Schilling & Company San Francisco
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
ment of money, and separate notes or bonds
ar» given for accruing Interest, nut only Is the
note or bond for the principal sum required to
be stamped, but the separate bonds or notes
given for the interest must also be stamped.
In the case, however, of a bond for a princi
pal sum with coupons attached denoting the
accruing interest, the purpose being to detach
the coupons, as the interest becomes due, and
surrender them simply to denote the payment
of that interest, It Is held that the only stamp
required is the stamp upon the bond for the
principal sum, and that the Interest coupons
attached do not require separate stamps.
He has correctly advised you that orders for
the payment of money at sight or on demand
are subject to the stamp tax Imposed on checks
by the third paragraph of schedule A; but
that an order for the payment of money
"otherwise than at sight or on demand," the
stamp tax must be paid aa on promissory
notes under the fourth paragraph ct the sched
ule. His further statement that orders for
money from the owners or architects require
to be stamped In accordance with the ruling
of thin offlea under the law — his statement
made to you of the stamp taxes required to be
paid on the various Instruments which he men
tions, viz, real estate sale contract, deed of
conveyance of realty, lease, mortgage or trust
deed, promissory note and transfer of mort
gage — Is in accordance with the provision of
the law.
He Is also correct In stating that an archi
tect certificate requires no stamp, unless by
an Indorsement It becomes an order for the
payment, and that an affidavit does not require
a stamp, nor does a waiver of Hen. with
reference to an acknowledgment of a deed
before a notary it is held that the certificate
of acknowledgment does not require a separate
stamp, but that it is covered by the stamp
under the completed deed or conveyance.
■Where leases are nxecuted in duplicate, so that
both are originals, both are required to be
stamped; but if there be but one original,
copies thereof are not required to be stamped.
A memorandum of sale under the head of
"contract" in schedule A means only a con
tract, and it is this memorandum which re
quires the 10-cent stamp. A statement of ac
count showing the receipts and disbursements
In connection with the sale and not being a
contract of sale does not require a stamp. A
broker's memorandum of sale, of promissory
notes ("notes of hand") requires the 10-cent
stamp. It is hold that a person not a broker
within the meaning of the second paragraph
of section 2 of the act of June 13, 189 S. by
rpnFnn of engaging in a business of buying,
selling or leasing real estate or because of
negotiating loans on real estate as an agent
where there Is no sale of the securities, but
that if he makes loans for himself or others
and afterward sells the security this brings
him within the definition of a broker In the
net an<l he Is required to pay special tax ac
cordingly.
HER LIFE GIVEN TO GOOD.
MOTHER SUPERIOR MARY BAPTISTE RUSSELL,
Who Breathed Her Last in This Cltu Yesterday.
NO death in recent years will be heard of with greater regret in
this community than that of Mother Superior Mary Baptiste
Rupsell, the sweet woman who watched over the destinies of
various charitable institutions in this city during the past half
century.
The tidings of her calm leave-taking of th!s life will be heard
with regret by the thousands who were fortunate enough to meet her
and by thope who have heard or read of her beautiful deeds of char
ity since her advent in this State. A more lovable character than
that which she possessed has been rarely found. Her constant aim in
life had been to uplift the suffering and the wounded, and in this she
was entirely successful.
During the past month Mother Russell was affected with a clog
ging of the arteries of the brain, anct* despite the efforts of her phy
sicians, Drs. Leonard. Lame and McMonagle, she rapidly sank, and
at 7 t»clock yesterday morning pecicefully passed away.
The sisterhood that had loved and revered the mother were told of
her condition, and all through Friday night the entire community
surrounded her bed and watched and prayed.
At the time of her death Mother Russell was in her seventieth
year. As a young girl she gave up a life of luxury and ease to take
up the noble work that she carried through with great ability. Ar
riving in this State in 1554 as the Superior of the Order of Our Lady
of Mercy, she immediately rt-eognized the need of a guiding hand.
With the aid of the six sisters that accompanied her to the then rough
field she bepran to map out a course which she followed with credit to
herself and to the good of the community.
Mother Russell's first work of note was In the City and County
Hospital, which was then situated on Stockton and Vallejo streets.
Owing to the newness of the community disease thrived . Cholera
spread among the inhabitants with great rapidity and soon unfortu
nates fell viefims to the deadly scourge. Mother Russell and her six
missionaries fearlessly went among the overcrowded hospital, minis
tering to the wants of the patients, and receiving in turn their bless
ings. A similar experience in Ireland had taught them the best
methods to handle the plagrue, and through their united assistance
the disease "was soon wiped out.
At that time the city's population was made up considerably of
children who had been left her* v.hile their parents spent the sea
son at the mines. The Sisters found themselves with a large num
ber of children, who needed the benefit of schooling, and this led to
the establishment of a day school which has since resulted in many
parishes sustaining similar im tituticns-.
When the City and County Hospital was transferred the Sisters
raised money by public subscription and built St. Mary's Hospital,
which has grown until to-day it stands as a monument to the noble
Mother Superior who watched its progress during 1 a few score years.
Since then she has been Instrumental in establishing the Old
Ladies' Home, St. Anthony's School in East Oakland, Grass Valley i
Convent, St. Brendan's Parochial School, St. Peter's School, Sacra
mento Convent and the convent at Rio Vista. i
Mother Russell came of a distinguished family. She was born
in County Down, Ireland, and was a sister of Sir Charles Russell, i
Lord Chief Justice of England. Another brother, Father Russell, is '
editor of the Irish Monthly. i
Her body is now lying in the chapel at St. Mary's Hospital, '
where it will remain until Tuesday at 10 o'clock, where a solemn i
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul. i
i
VETOED BY THE MAYOR.
The Resrlution Awarding the Stre^
Lighting Contract Does Not
Meet His Approval.
The resolution passed by the Supervis
ors awarding the street lighting contract
to the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company has been vetoed by Mayor Phe
lan. The reasons assigned by the Mayor
for vetoing the resolution are contained
In the following communication, forward
ed by him yesterday to the clerk of the
Board of Supervisors:
August 5, 1898.
Gentlemen— l herewith return to you without
my approval resolution No. 1441 (fourth series)
awarding a contract to the San Franctscp Gas
and Electric Company for lighting the streets
of the city and county for a period of two
years from August 1, 1898. The reaeon for my
objection Is as follows:
The Mutual Electric Light Company on the
10th day of April last requested the Board of
Supervisors to grant them the same privilege
enjoyed, by the San Francisco Gas and Klec
tric Company in order that they might be In
a position to bid on the electric lighting of the
city. The privilege asked was to erect poles
outside of the flre limits, in all respects the
same as those maintained by the ether com
peting company. In consideration of this the
Mutual Electric Light Company guaranteed,
with I). O. Mills, P. B. Cornwall and Alvlnza
Hayward as guarantors, that their bid would
be $40,000 per year less than the cost of elec
tric lighting under the present contract, and
they further »tated that the saving to private
consumers would amount annually to $100,000.
The city's bill for electric street lighting was
$120,000 last year, and this guaranteed reduction
was therefore 33 1-3 p»r cent. The board, how
ever, rejected the proposition. By their action
the board thus excluded the only possible com
petitor for the new contract. As a result there
was but one bidder, whose bid of 50 cents per
night per electric lamp, or $160 50 per year, is
a reduction of but 8 1-3 per cent under the old
contract. Furthermore, we know this price to
[ be excessive without going further to inquire
I than th« guaranteed bid of the rival company.
The magnitude of this contract may he ap-
I predated by recalling that last year the city
| spent $120,000 for electric lighting and $180,000
! for gas lighting of the public streets, and that
new specifications and contract admit of an
expenditure of $160,000 for electric and $1G9,488
for gas lighting, a total of $329,988 per an
num.
By the refusal of the board to grant to the
Mutual Electric Light Company the same priv
! liege enjoyed by their competitor the city will
'■ have plainly lost in two years $60,000 if this
I proposed contract stands.
; The Mutual Electric Ltght Company, how
! ever, has not accepted the action of the board
! as final, because It forthwith sued out a writ
! of mandamus to compel the board to grant It
the privilege asked. On June 17 last the case
was argued before Judge Seawell of the Su
perior Court and now awaits his decision.
Should the court decide that the board had no
i right to refuse the prlvll^gf asked by the Mu
j tual Electric Light Company and this contract
j be awarded now to the Pan Francisco Oas nnd
Electric Company the relief sought by the com-
I peting company would be futile, and the city
at the same time be deprived of the opportu
nity of making a more advantageous contract.
I do not think these very Important con-
I siderations should be Ignored by the board,
I and that before awarding this contract it
j should await the decision of the Superior Court.
I Respectfully submitted,
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. _
H £
kN Dr. Leslie E- Kee- &
X ley says: ''Drunk- L^
£\ enness is a disease /J
L|j and I can cure it."* L^
fo ._ »/
[</i Send for printed matter that i*V
k-i tells all about it |h!
iS. THE KEEL.EY INSTITUTEa A\ -
ft/. 1170 Market St.. San Francisco. \
h*4 232 N. Main St.. Los Angeles. 1^
fV| Fred A, Pollock, Manager. **
NOTICE TO VOTERS
PRECINCT REGISTRATION.
Office of the Registrar of Voters of the
City and County of San Francisco.
Notice is hereby given that the Boards
of Precinct Registration for the general
election to be held on Tuesday, the Bth
day of November, A. D. 1898, will meet
in their respective precincts for the regis-
tration of voters and such other purposes
as are prescribed by law, <»n Wednes-
day, August 10, IS9S. from 9 o'clock a. m.
until 10 o'clock p. m. daily tor five (5)
days, until and Including Monday, August
15, IS9B, on which day all registration
closes.
All electors who have not been regis-
tered for said general election are hereby
Invited to present themselves for regis-
tration.
The Boards of Precinct Registration will
sit as above for the purpose of register-
ing all legal and qualified voters residing
in their precincts who have not regist-
ered at the ofllce of the Registrar of
Voters since June 1, IS9B.
Any person who has not registered
since June 1, IS9B, and fails to register
at the Boards of Precinct Registration
of the precinct in •which he resides will
be debarred the privilege of voting at
such election.
In accordance with section 21 of the
"Act to Reeulate the Registration of
Voters," etc., the following places have
been secured for the sessions of the
Boards of Precinct Registration:
REGISTRATION PLACES.
Election November 8, 1898.
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 43o Folsom.
Second Precinct— 2l6 Steuart.
Third Precinct — 403 Harrison.
Fourth Precinct — 415 Folsom.
Fifth Precinct— 266 First.
Sixth Precinct— so 3 Howard.
Seventh Precinct— l 62 First.
Eighth Precinct— l3l Second.
Ninth PrecincP—ll2A First.
Tenth Precinct— s62 Mission.
Eleventh Precinct — 55 Second.
Twelfth Precinct— 437 Third.
Thirteenth Precinct— 32 Hunt.
Fourteenth Precinct— 66s Howard.
Fifteenth Precinct— 24l Third.
Sixteenth Precinct — 105 Third.
TWENTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 32B Jessie.
Second Precinct — 65 Fourth.
Third Precinct— 343 Jessie.
Fourth Precinct— lHU Fourth.
Fifth Precinct— 79l Mission.
Sixth Precinct— 222 Natoma.
Seventh Precinct— 3l3 Minna.
Eighth Precinct— 7s7B Howard.
Ninth Precinct— Bo4 Folsom.
Tenti. JErecinct — 716 Folsom.
Eleventh Precinct — 753 Folsom.
Twelfth Precinct— So3 Folsom.
Thirteenth Precinct— 4o6 Fourth.
Fourteenth Precinct— 36o Th'rd.
Fifteenth Precinct — 407 Fourth.
Sixteenth Precinct — 424 Third.
Seventeenth Precinct — 493 Fourth.
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 2sVi Sixth.
Second Precinct— 36 Sixth.
Third Precinct— loo 6 Mission.
Fourth Precinct — 440 Minna.
Fifth Precinct— lo4o Howard.
Sixth Precinct — 445 Minna.
Seventh Precinct— 939 Howard.
Eighth Precinct— lo9l Howard.
Ninth Precinct— 2ls Sixth.
Tenth Precinct— 336 Sixth.
Eleventh Precinct— 327 Sixth.
Twelfth Precinct— l4l Sixth.
Thirteenth Precinct— 92l Harrison.
Fourteenth Precinct — 110 Sixth.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 3l Eighth.
Second Precinct— l24B Mission.
Third Precinct— l 249 Mission.
Fourth Precinct— l 24 Eighth.
Fifth Precinct— l 74 Seventh.
Sixth Precinct— l32B Howard.
Seventh Precinct— i 437 Mission.
Eighth Precinct— 2o4 Ninth.
Ninth Precinct— l23s Howard.
Tenth Precinct— 666 Clementina.
Eleventh Precinct— llll Howard.
Twelfth Precinct— 4S9 Eighth.
Thirteenth Precinct— ll6l Folsom.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2ls Folsom.
Fifteenth Precinct— 426 Ninth.
Sixteenth Precinct— l4o7Vi Folsom.
THIRTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— s29 Second.
Second Precii.ct— 344 Brannan
Third Precinct— ooB Third.
Fourth Precinct— sl4 Third.
Fifth Precinct — 152 Brannan.
Sixth Precinct— s3S Fourth.
Seventh Precinct— s2s Sixth.
Eighth Precinct— S3l Bryant.
Ninth Precinct— 7os Brannan.
Tenth Precinct— so4^s Ninth.
Eleventh Precinct— l 924 I'.ryant.
Twelfth Precinct— lsl4 Twentieth.
Thirteenth Precinct— lll2 Kentucky.
THIRTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 3ool Twentieth.
Second Precinct — 3026 Twenty-second.
Third Precinct— 3l42 Twenty-fourth.
Fourth Precinct— 29ll Harrison.
Fifth Precinct— 2os2 Twenty-fourth.
Sixth Precinct— N. W. corner Twenty-
third and Alabama.
Seventh Precinct— 2.Ws Bryant.
Eighth Precinct— 27o2 Twenty-fourth.
Ninth Precinct— l3o6 San Bruno.
Tenth Precinct— lsol Twentieth.
Eleventh Precinct— Bo7 Twenty-second.
Twelfth Precinct— N. W. corner Twen-
ty-second anrl Michigan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o4 Railroad aye.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o6 Railroad aye.
Fifteenth Precinct— l4ll Railroad aye.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— l6l2% Folsom.
Second Precinct— l 34 Eleventh.
Third Precinct— lssl Market.
Fourth Precinct— lll Valencia.
Fifth Precinct— l64S Mission.
Sixth Precinct— l7l3 Mission.
Seventh Precinct— l6o9 Folsom.
Eighth Precinct— l Bos Howard.
Ninth Precinct— K4S Howard.
Tenth Precinct— 3o93 Sixteenth.
Eleventh Precinct — 442 Valencia,
Twelfth Precinct— so 6 Valencia.
Thirteenth Precinct— 2l23 Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct— 29ls Sixteenth.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2BBo Sixteenth.
Sixteenth Precinct— SE. corner Nine-
teenth and Shotwell.
NOTICE TO VOTERS.
Seventeenth Precinct— 2239 Mission.
Eighteenth Precinct— Q 2" yalencia, T
Nineteenth Precinct— K4» Valencia.
Twentieth Precinct— 9l4 Valencia.
Twenty-first Precinct— 33ol Nineteenth.
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DIB,
TRICT.
First Precinct— 37S7 Twenty-fourth.
Second Precinct— 3449 Twenty-secont
Third Precinct— l 344 Valencia.
Fourth Precinct— 943 Guerrero. (
Fifth Precinct— W2B Mission. v
Sixth Precinct— 273s Mission.
Seventh Precinct— 32o4 Twenty-fourtQ.
Eighth Precinct— l4l6 Valencia.
Ninth Precinct— 33l6 Mission.
Tenth Precinct—"-') Precita avenue.
' Fleventh Precinct— "151 Mission.
Twelfth Precinct— 32Bl Mission.
Thirteenth Precinct— 36Bl Mission.
Fourteenth Precinct — 4513 Mission.
THIRT Y-STXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT,
First Precinct— 42o6 Seventeenth.
Second Precinct-226 No*.
Third Precinct— 2U Church.
Fourth Precinct 3439 Sixteenth.
Fifth Precinct— "92 Dolores. ,
Sixth Precinct— so 6 Church.
Seventh Precinct-524 Castro. .
Eighth Precinct— N. h.. corner Mn«-
leenth and Castro.
Ninth Precinct— 94o Sanchez.
Tenth Precinct— 26o7 Eighteenth.
Eleventh Precinct— 3B4s Twenty-fourth.
Twelfth Precinct— Sll Alvarado.
Thirteenth Precinct— l3lo Castro.
Fourteenth Precinct— 4o9 Clipper.
Fifteenth Precinct— l2s Twenty-eighth.
Sixteenth Precinct— N. W. corner Valley
* I fkryen?eenth Precinct— 43o4 Twenty-first.
Eighteenth Precinct— S. E. corner X and
Tenth avenue. ■*•
Nineteenth Precinct— l 9 Thirtieth. .
Twentieth Precinct— l 2-14 French.
Twenty-first Precinct— S. W. corner
Ocean avenue and San Jose read.
Twenty-second Precinct— 9 Plymouth
avenue.
1 THIRT -SEVENTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 3S7 Hayes.
Second Precinct— lS2S Market.
Third Precinct— l 43 Page.
Fourth Precinct— N. E. corner Page and
Octavla
Fifth Precinct— 47s Hayes.
Sixth Precinct— 6o7 Laguna.
Seventh Precinct— slS Laguna.
Eighth Precinct— 2lo Lily avenua.
Ninth Precinct— 2ls3 Market.
Tenth Precinct— US Fillmore.
Eleventh Precinct— 4s6 Haight.
Twelfth Precinct— 62l Buchanan.
Thirteenth Precinct— 6o6 Fillmore.
Fourteenth Precinct— 627 Haight.
Fifteenth Precinct— l2s Devisadero.
Sixteenth Precinct— 4lB Devisadero.
Seventeenth Precinct— l3P9 Haight..
Eighteenth Precinct— 323 Devisadero.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3o3^4 Broderick.
Twentieth Precinct— l 929 Oak.
Twenty-first Precinct— S. E. corner
Haight and Stanyan.
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 7o2 Turk.
Second Precinct— 6o6 McAllister.
Third Precinct— 647 McAllister.
Fourth Precinct — 337 Fulton.
Fifth Precinct— 7o9 McAllister.
Sixth Precinct— l27o Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— ls29 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— l 344 Turk.
Ninth Precinct— llo6 Golden Gateavenu*
Tenth Precinct— Bl7 Laguna.
Eleventh Precinct— S2l Webster.
Twelfth Precinct— ls7l Turk.
Thirteenth Precinct— l 22? Steiner.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o9 Devisadero.
Fifteenth Precinct— l6l3 Turk.
Sixteenth Precinct— l4S4 Fulton. .
Seventeenth Precinct— 2oo3 Golden Gat* >
avenue.
Eighteenth Precinct— 2s44 McAllister.
THIRTY-NINTH ASSEMBLY DI 8 -
TRICT.
First Precinct— l 26 Hayes.
Second Precinct— l3l Larkin.
Ihird Precinct— 36 Grove.
Fourth Precinct— 333 Golden Gateavenue.
Fifth Precinct— 3l2 Golden Gate aye.
Sixth Precinct— 329 Eddy.
Seventh Precinct— so 2 Ellis.
Eighth Precinct— 63s Ellis.
..inth Precinct— 3o7 Larkin.
Tenth Precinct— 6o3 Larkin.
E!e\ enth Precinct— 7oo Eddy.
Twelfth Precinct— 7o2 Larkin.
Thirteenth Precinct — 421 Jones.
Fourteenth Precinct— S. E. Corner Geary
ani Leavenworth.
Fifteenth Precinct— 7MA Geary.
Sixteenth Precinct — 1032 Sutter.
Seventeenth Precinct— s O2 O'Farrell.
Eighteenth Precinct— loos Post.
Nineteenth Precinct— l 224 Polk.
Twentieth Precinct— l4s2 California.
Twenty-first Precinct— ls2l California.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— l 629 Pine.
Second Piecinct— lo29 Hush.
Third Precinct— l 669 Post.
Fourth Precinct— l6o2 Laguna.
Fifth Precinct— lSl4 Laguna.
Sixth Precinct— 2ll3 Pine. *
Seventh Precinct— 2W7S Fillmore.
Eighth Precinct— l9o4 Fillmore.
Ninth Precinct— l6l3 Buchanan.
Tenth Precinct— l62s Fillmore.
Eleventh Precinct— l7o3 Devisadero
Twelfth Precinct— 2oo2 Devisadero.
Thirteenth Precinct— 292s California.
Fourteenth Precinct— 222S Geary.
Fifteenth Precinct— 2s33 Sutter.
Sixteenth Precinct— 29B3 Pine. ■ f
Seventeenth Precinct— l4so Central aye.
Eighteenth Precinct— l2o9 Point Lobos.
Nineteenth Precinct— N. W. corner
Ninth and Point Lobos avenues.
Twentieth Precinct— 3l24 Point Lobos.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— l4ls Jackson.
Second Precinct— l7oB Hyde.
Third Precinct— l9os Hyde.
Fourth Precinct-- 3681% Hyde.
Fifth Precinct— 2lo;', Larkin.
Sixth Precinct— l6o6 Pacific avenue.
Seventh Precinct— l7oB Polk.
Eighth Precinct— 2o29 Pacific avenue.
Ninth Precinct— 2322 Fillmore.
Tenth Precinct— l*l3 Valltjo.
Eleventh Precinct— S. E. corner Octavla
and Greenwich.
Twelfth Precinct— 3oolH Webster.
Thirteenth Precinct— l 942 Union.
Fourteenth Precinct— 2sls Fillmore (rear).
Fifteenth Precinct— 2W):» Sacramento.
Sixteenth Precinct— 2926 A Washington.
Seventeenth Precinct— 293l Washington.
Eighteenth Precinct— 27ss Greenwich.
Nineteenth Precinct— 3647 Sacramento.
FORTY-SECOND ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— l3l Turk.
Second Precinct— 224 Taylor.
Third Precinct— l 37 Taylor.
Fourth Precinct— 3l7^ O'Farrell.
Fifth Preciiut— 3lo O'Farrell.
Sixth Procinct-SSI Geary.
Seventh Precinct— GOi: Pest.
Eighth Precinct— l23BV4 Pine.
Ninth Precinct-1342 Sacramento
Tenth Precinct— N. W. corner Pine and
Mason (boothi.
Eleventh Precinct— llo2 Clay.
Twelfth Precinct— 3o23 Pacific.
Thirteenth Precinct— lo26 Hyde.
Fourteenth Precinct— l 426 "Washington-^
Fifteenth Precinct— l 237 Broadway.
TORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 9 Eddy.
Second Precinct— lo7 Powell.
Third Precinct— 392 Geary.
Fourth Precinct— 222 Stockton.
Fifth Precinct— 3o2 Stockton.
Sixth Precinct— sos Sutter.
Seventh Precinct— 3o7 Grant avenua.
Eighth Precinct— S22 California.
Ninth Precinct— 4o3 Dupunt.
Tenth Precinct— 4U Bush.
Eleventh Precinct— 649 Broadway.
Twelfth Precinct— 926 Washington.
Thirteenth Precinct— l^24 flay.
Fourteenth Precinct— l2o4 Mason.
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DIS-
TRICT.
First Precinct— 6oo Broadway.
Second Precinct— soo Broadway.
Third Precinct — 1539 Mason.
Fourth Precinct— l6lo Stockton.
Fifth Precinct— l72o Stockton.
Sixth Precinct— 2o6 Francisco.
Seventh Precinct— 6o4 Lombard.
Eighth Precinct— 22ls Powell.
Ninth Precinct— 72S Montgomery avenue.
Tenth Precinct— So3 - ilhr-rt.
Eleventh Precinct— 629 Union.
Twelfth Precinct— l6o3 Mason.
Thirteenth Precinct — 722 Lombard.
Fourteenth Precinct— N. W. corner
Broadway and Jones.
Fifteenth Precinct— 93s Filbert.
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
First Precinct— 2S Trinity.
Second Precinct— 332 Bush.
Third Preeiftct— 123 LekU-sdnrff.
Fourth Precinct— 647 Merchant.
Fifth Precinct— 22 Montgomery avenu*
Stxth Precinct— lo9 Jackson.
Seventh Precinct— llo Drumm. ♦
Eighth Precinct— iO4 Drumm. A
Ninth Precinct— 33o Broadway. 1
Tenth Precinct — 122 Broadway. -
Eleventh Precinct— 7lS% Davis. *
Twelfth Precinct— 342A Union.
W. J. BIGGY,
Registrar of Voters.HOLLANDER HAS
SOWN HIS CROP
OF WILD OATS
Sumner R., the Gay Bostonian,
Promises to Eschew the
Wine Cup.
Awakened to a Realization of His Position
; in This City and Now Forswears
Soubrettes and Wild Company.
.. Eumner R. Hollander has sown his wild
oats.
The Bdon of a widely known Boston
family, who cut so wide a swath here re
cently, has decUK-d to eschew the society
 of soubrettes and the delights of "the
: line."
According to the story that has reached
this city .from the East. Hollander gives
all the credit for his reformation to an
eminent divine who occupies a pulpit
. here. When he came West he brought
with him a letter of Introduction to this
-minister fruin the Rev. Edward Everett
Hale, in whose church his family wor
ships. When he was In a repentant mood,
having reached the end of his string
through excesses, he bethought him of
of introduction and present
ed it.
He was welcomed to the home of the
minister and entertained at dinner. This,
;eh for his family as for the friend
s-hip that existed between his host and
his tarnily pastor in staid New England.
■ He behaved like the cultured gentleman
he Is, and seemed to have cast behind
him all his old associates and habits. In
fact, he confided as much In his host and
. advice in return. From
time forward ho was a changed
To those who studied him he was
a mere boy, who all his life had been ac
undllng mure money than
rood for him. He did not know Its
• ■ . thought the be-all, end-all of
Hfe was to open champagne for his inti
rfly career here Is an old story.
1 into town quietly, registered
at the Palace and then commenced to
acquaintances, desirable and other-
It was not lor.X before he was
• in every care and restaurant where
: lightning pace,
have sputtered
• ning twilight.
: Th" -•- proved a d~v<:ted
the train of Madeleine Bouton,
. i Lwleys, now a convalescent
in a private hospital for the well-to-do.
His friendship lor the fair comedienne
ALLEN'S WAYS
WERE NOT
SATISFACTORY
Dropped by Women's
Sewing Company.
DEPOSED AS THE MANAGER
ORGANIZATION TO AID WORTHY
WORKERS.
.Its Factory to Be Opened Where In
dustrious Women Will Receive
Full Value for Their
Labors.
. • • The office of manager of the Women's
..." B'ewing Company was declared vacant at
". " '.& meeting of the board of directors of
that organization yesterday afternoon.
Attorney \V. W. Allen has held that posi
*•• tlon .since the company was formed only
• " ' about a week ago, but in that time he has
.. ■ made himself so generally disliked by his
:-. . trbitrary business methods that he be
''■>- ' anie intolerable to the managing board,
- and no other course was open but to dls
.' : miss him. Allen received his formal dls
:.: missal in the following letter:
•■ \.. ■ SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 6. 1898.
' V ,V. TV. All»-n Esq.. I'a.rrott building, San
. ■ Francisco— Dear Sir: At a regular meeting <rf
the board of directors o: the Woman's Sew
•■•; rng Company, held this day at 2 p. m., it was,
•■■"oh motion, voted that the office of manager be
' fleclared vacant, the time having expired wlth
'. 4n which he had declared that he would hand
' ' ' In his report and the property o£ the com
' , pany In his possession.
•Also that a formal demand be made for
. the subscription li.«t of stock that has I ■■■■\
' paid, list of names of applicants for labor,
- . stock book receipts, bills and account or funds
-."'belonging to the company. Hy order of
M. E. SQUIRE, President.
- ' ADDIE L.. BALLOU, Secretary.
The Women's Sewing Company was nr
ganlzcd and incorporated on July 24. Mfs.
M. K. Squire is president, Mrs. Addle
BaWon secretary, and Mrs. Angle
Ayers. Mrs. Eva Anselm and Mrs.
J.aura I. Obllnger directors. The object
■ • organization was purely <. h
ble, though it Is formed and it is intended
to operate It on thorough business meth
ods. A factory will be operated, at which
contracts will \>n taken for manufactur
ing all kinds of clothing and other articles
and the workem will receive the
; fuli profits of their labors. It Is the
Ing and operating th<- fac
tory to give employment to worthy
a who have families dependent on
who are unable to secure em
ployment, It Is the hope of the promot
:' the company to give to women a
tair wage for the labor they perform and
me time combat the sweatshop
. of many of the sewing contractors
GRAPE-NUTS.
MRS. RORER, ON COMPLEXION.
Not a Matter of Outward Applica-
tion.
... Mrs. Rorsr answers, in the Ladies'
Home Journal, an inquirer about good
•_ s completion, reciting that it can only
oome rrom a. healthy condition of the
entire system ami that it is not a mat-
:. ter of outward application, finishing
'.with the statement that "Your f<«>d
cannot possibly agree with you if you
, have muscular rheumatism and .a bad
'". complexion."
It is a known fart that many people
■fail to properly digest the starchy part
of bread and other food. Orape-Nuts
. (a delightful breakfast food) are made
. of the grape-sugar which results from
preparing the starchy parts of the cer-
eals, in the Bum>> way artificially as
the body should do by natural proces-
ses.- Therefore Grape-Nuta give one
fdod' all ready for immediate asslm-
- ilation Into blood and tissue. They
'are made by the Postum Co. at Battle
<"rfek. Mich., and are ready prepared,
require no cooking whatever and will
•!><' found most valuable by Athlete,
Brain worker or Invalid.
Sold by grocers.
I nearly proved his undoing. While in her
| company at an Informal little after-tne
theater repast he became Involved in a
i personal encounter with Captain J. C.
Elaine, United States Volunteers, which
It was thought nothing but recourse to the
duello would settle.
Mutual friends intervened and serious
results were averted, Hollander emerging
from the controversy with colors flying.
Hollander was a remittance man.
The $20 gold pieces which he commenced
to roll down Market street bo soon after
his arrival here came In such bunches as
his father thought It expedient to forward
him. When the stories of his escapades
reached the East his allowance was
stopped. As his credit was gpod, this had
DO appreciable effect for some days. At
the pace to which he had been accus
tomed to travel bills grew rapidly.
He soon owed the Palace Hotel $500, and
other creditors In proportion. A? money
was not forthcoming, the hotel manage
ment levied upon his persona] belongings.
In this predicament he bethought himself
of the army. He signified his intention
of enlisting In the First New York, and
made all the necessary arrangements up
to <he point of taking the oath of allegi
ance.
It was at this point, supposedly through
the intervention of friends in this city,
that his family came to his rescue. lie
j-iaid his hotel bill and went about set
tling the debts which he had contracted
bo freely In his hours spent In pursuit of
the fleeting pleasures of the tenderloin.
He was no long<?r a sybarite. The
pleasures of the table ana of tho wine
cup wore not for him. The sparkling, ef
fervescent wine pressed In the vineyards
of Southern France had no charm as In
the past. He had, in fact, reached the
bursting point at the end of a long blow
out, and had suddenly awakened to a
realization of the position In which he
had placed both himself and his family.
He refused all Invitations to drink.
Before his good Intentions could be
Bh&ken, and possibly fearing a lapse from
the straight and narrow path or probity
which he was treading, he turned his
face to the eastward. Thus Is closed an
Incident in the history of the town that
for a time promised to furnish more than
its share of the sensational.
of the city and also to Indue© the Ameri
can people to patronize the worthy and
industrious women of their own race in
stead of taking and wearing clothing
made in the dens of Chinatown.
The scheme of the operation of such a
company was suggested to a number of
ladies and the organization of the com
pany was the result. Allen, who at Its
formation was made its manager, be
came an enthusiast in the ratue. He,
; after a few days, elaborated, as he
thought, on the original scheme. He sug
gested to the Labor Commissioner that
the women who were employed at the
factory should receive 70 per cent of the
proceeds of their labors, and that the re
maining 30 per cent should be divided
among the few who directed its opera
tions, after paying the manager his sal
ary. Fitzgerald declined to have any
thing to do with any company that would j
operate for the cause of deserving labor I
on a charitable basis.
To raise funds to equip the factory it
was agreed that stock should be issued
and sold. It was understood that no
dividends should ever be declared on the
stock, but that its sale was equivalent to
a charitable donation to the company.
The holders of the stock, however, would
be entitled to a voice In the management
of the factory. Allen, the manager, be
came an enthusiast in the disposal of the
stock. For several days he was kept
busy disposing of it to the charitably dis
posed, when word of his proposition to
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald came to
the ears of the ladies of the board of man
agers. No timo was thon lost in asking
Allen for a statement of the flnanacea
of the company. That Allen neglected to
give.
A few days after the company was or
ganized the board of managers, energetic
in their work, decided to have the fac
tory in working order with as little de
lay as possible, and they rented a suit
! able building at Eighth and Folsom
I streets and began putting in the neces
sary sewing machines as goon as they
were In possession. A sewing machine
company gave the ladies all the credit
>on the machines they desired. Allen, as
i manager, objected to ao much haste, de
claring that the ladles should devote
their time in disposing of the stock and
an umulatlng a large fund, which he, as
■ manager, would have the privilege of
' handling. There was friction with the
manager over that, and Allen was asked
for all the books and other records of th«
< company in his possession. Allen
1 claimed that the board of managers had
no right to interfere in his methods of
conducting the business, and for a few
days it looked as if the company would
1 have a hard time in adjusting its affairs.
Finally Allen was prevailed upon to com
ply with the request of the ladles of the
managing board, and he promised to hand
over the books and other records he held,
I along with his resignation from an un
salaried position, by 1 o'clock yesterday,
; when the board of managers would meet.
t He did not keep his promise, and at the
meeting the position was declared va
cant.
Without Allen's interference the work
of putting the factory In shape for opera
tion went along at a rapid rate. A Grand
Army veteran named C. E. Blackburn
! was put In as overseer by Allen at the
i factory, but at the first sign of a storm
between the manager and the directorate
Blackburn sided with the ladies, declar
| Ing that they were right. He is carrying
I on the work faithfully, devoting all his
! time to It and remaining in the building
] at night, taking upon himself the duties
| of a watchman as well as his other la
i bors and asking no question* if he will
| ever get any remuneration for his work
i or not.
With Allen gone from the management
and the factory operated on the lines
that the women" employed there shall re
ceive the full benefit that is derived from
their labor, the company has the full in
dorsement of the Labor Commissioner
and the Mayor. The factory will, in addi
tion to the work that will be done with
in its walls, serve a« a depot for sewing
work or any kind of work that women
can do. A record of all the women de
serving of labor and who can faithfully
perform the work assigned to them will
be kept and It to hoped that much sew
ing can be secured that women can take
to their homes and perform, handling It
all through the agency of the factory and
receiving full and reasonable remunera
tion for what, they have done.
Twenty-eight machines are now set in
place and if the work can be secured to
keep more in operation they will be sup
plled Tables have been arranged for
the operation of fifty-two machines. An
electric motor has been put in place to
give power to run the machines and it ia
( xpected to have them In operation on
Monday next. Mayor Phelan will be
asked to Btart the machinery in motion.
It is hoped to secure much if not all the
work of manufacturing the clothing for
the soldiers that is now being made in
sweatshops or in the dens of the Chinese,
where the contractors are making all the
profit and paying those who perform tho
labor starvation wages.
He Located the Claims.
The Klondike Gold Exploration Syndi
cate has sued one of its employes, D. B.
i Davidson, for an accounting. The plain
; i^T alleges that it employed the defend
:*t to locate mining properties for Its
I benefit in the Klondike. Davidson pro
ceeded to Alaska, located many claims,
I sold them out and kept the money. The
i plaintiff alleges that such acts were il
legal and he should be forced to turn
over all moneys realized to the syndicate.
THE SAN FEAXCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
AN ENGINE TO
GIVE VESSELS
GREAT SPEED
Secretary Long Will
Investigate.
HEWSON'S STEAM TURBINE
A NEW METHOD OF MARINE
PROPULSION.
Expert Engineers From the Navy-
Department Have Been Ordered
to Come to This
City.
The Secretary of the Navy has for the
past three months been in correspondence
with Robert Hewson of San Francisco,
inventor of a steam turbine that recently
startled the mechanical and engineering
world and just now promises to revolu-
tionlze steam power as used in propelling
the fighting ships of the United States
navy. It is the purpose of Secretary Long
to have this turbine inspected and report
ed upon by experts, who will shortly
come here from Washington. The object
of the Inspection is to ascertain if the
Hewson multiple-expansion steam tur
bine may be practically applied in the
stead of triple-expansion steu.rn engines
used In the big battle-ships.
The Navy Department is quite aware of
the simplicity and economy of the inven
tion, and the only present question to be
decided is the practicability of It. If Mr.
Hewson's machine shall stand the test of
expert inspection, then the Government
will place at his disposal for a practical
test a totpedo-boat, so that the world may
shortly know whether or not an Ameri
can inventor has solved tht> problem of
economical propulsion of great ships.
The turbine which Mr. Hewson has just
completed as a working model to be sub
mitted to the naval engineer experts is
beyond doubt the most wonderful and
startling Invention that the engineering
world has known. It iB wonderful from
the mere simplicity of It and startling be
cause of the immense power, great en
durance and freedom from danger of ex
plosion. It is so simple of construction
that a boy, without previous knowledge
of engineering and with but a few days'
or hours' instruction, could drive it with
perfect safety.
It is the first multiple-expansion steam
turbine ever invented and constructed.
Mr. Hewson has been at work for some
fourteen years in the effort to attain mul
tiple-expansion, arid from his former in
vention other inventors have produced
triple-expansion turbines, but of vastly
different mechanism from this, which is
to be examined by the Navy Department. ;
It was from a small model constructed |
by Mr. Hewson that Mr. Parsons, an <
English inventor, who visited San Fran
1 Cisco some twelve years ago, obtained his
! ideas for the steam turbine that he ap
! plied to the Turblnla, a vessel that for
I several months has been navigated in ;
i British waters. It was from drawings
and models of Mr. Hewson's later inven- ,
tlons that another foreign inventor se- |
cured his principles of steam turbines.
But the present Invention was so closely
guarded that no one, except the builders,
ever got the faintest notion of its con
struction until the security of the Patent
Office had been placed around It.
The machine is cast in only four parts
two steam chambers, one disk and one
shaft The two steam chambers are riv
! eted together at their rims, and each is
! an exact duplicate of the other. The disk,
which Is attached to the shaft, fits with
utmost precision within the steam cham
bers The steam, which may be gener
ated at any point near by or distant, is
conveyed to tlie chambers of the turbine
by means of a pipe at the rear side. ;
Within the interior face of these steam .
chambers are four circular rows of small
Dockets Into which the steam from the
supply Pipe is discharged. The force of
the steam in the upper row of pockets is I
driven into a corresponding row of U
shaped buckets cast in the disk
The steam then escapes from the buck
et in the disk to a receiving pocket in the
steam chamber, and is then forced to the
second row of pockets and buckets, and
this is repeated until the four rows of j
Dockets and buckets have been acted j
uDon by which time it is practically ex- i
hausted. The disk, which is one inch
thick at the outer edge and four and a
half inches thick at the hub. is thus
fceOt rotating at what speed may be de
sired according to the horsepower of the
turbine and the demand for power; and
the shaft which passes through the tur
bine' and which is supplied at elthar end;
with belt pulleys, keeps pace with the i
The advantages of Mr. Hewson's inven
tion over the triple steam engine now in
use in marine engineering are easily seen.
The turbine exhibited to a Call reporter
by Mr. Hewson is of 500 horsepower. It
occupies a ground space of two and a half
feet by si* feet, and stands about three
feet from the ground to the top of the
turbine. The turbine itself is about 30 >
inches In exterior diameter by 16 inches !
thickness the interior disk being 28 inches
in diameter. The ground space occupied
by a triple engine would be about 10 feet
by 20 feet The Hewson turbine requires
no concrete foundation. There is no jar,
no wear and tear, for the steam chambers
' rp effected by no reaction. The cost of
construction of the turbine is about $2
ncr horsepower, while the cost of steam
engine construction is about $40 per
h( The P advantage of the turbines for use
in bIK battleships is found in the fact
thit they would occupy about half the
sDace and are less than half the weight
nf the triple steam engines, thus affording
ereater area and carrying capacity for
coal- and that the cost of construction '
is mi Kreatly reduced. Besides these the
perfect safety and utmost simplicity of
the turbines, being shorn of all exterior
complications, are items of economical
advantage that will be taken into account
by the Navy Department.
Mr Hewson is a man of youthful ap
pearance for one who has been on this
mast for thirty-five years. He began hia :
California career as a miner.
HAZEL WILL
FIGHT THREE
CORPORATIONS
Little Miss Bluett Is
in Earnest.
DAMAGES FOR A DEATH
HER FATHER WAS KILLED BY A
TELEPHONE WIRE.
He Was Working at the Time on a
Freight Train Between Liver
znore and the Oakland
Mole.
As a sequel to the death of 'William J.
Bluett of Oakland, which occurred sev
eral weeks ago at Decoto, a suit for dam-
ages is about to be commenced in the
courts of Alameda County in which a
little girl, appearing as plaintiff, will do
battle with throe of the largest corpora
tions In the State and with two private
Individuals, in an effort to recover a
large sum of money.
Hazel Dorothy Bluett, aged 10 years. Is
to be the complainant, while the South
ern Pacific Company, the Western Union
Telegraph Company, the Bell Telephone
Company and Henry Crane and -wife of
Decoto aTe to be defended in a proceed
ADVEBTISEMENTS. •
O-O-0000 o<M>OK><><X><><><K><M>a<>^^
JLT* Strength!|
I \ L **"/* \\ *^ ne perfection of that great force known as strength is a work of nature. Thou- 6
111 y^^J^-^jv^ \ sands of men have been gifted with a constitution fit to build such a physical structure p
Ajrlv^^fiir -J^"' i upon, but they have wasted the material that makes the muscle vitality. Men live too p
i r§• (Jfi^ST J\J/ * ast tneso days. The search for imaginary pleasure, trying to squeeze the happiness of a A
f rJsL i&ig£o* l> : Z'T& lifetime into a few years, exhausts the strength nature gives them, and they are wrecked X
' fw m^fS^m^^ in the grandest element of man's ambition — nerve, brain and body weakened. There are Jk
/T^^^^^^a thousands of weak, puny men — half-men — who could be made perfect specimens of man- jl
W K^iPsiil^lk hood if tho grand power that has been drained from their bodies could be restored. V
' / llirl. ' IT CAN BE. DONE. ; <j>
M^H^eshi rJ * Nothing bears a closer relation to the elements of vital and nerve forco than X
ii^^^^^C^\ Electricity. It is natural. It is tho strength, the vigor, and, in fact, the very life in the JL
111/ lilililii^™ \JL' body, and is a wonderful remedy when applied by JL
fill? • DR. .SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. ?
I ~~ l ""~"^ A Dr. Sanden's method of making use of the life-giving power of electricity ha s T
m, i proven its merit. The men who say it cured them of general debility, of wasting weak" T
,^>l!^jN.. ""■"""' ness ; the men who have become strong and vigorous by following Dr. Sanden's advice* .t
' ''^'iHlffiffliilff^B^ l^-? 11 * 111111 are tllG best evidence f of tho worth of his system. There are thousands of them, and they v •
fiMllm^LL>^ J| %}(i ■^^--^" J ""'' speak aloud in praise of Dr. worth of his his noble There are work noble — it is grand — V
I !^^^!^^. speak aloud in praise of Dr. Sanden and his noble work. His work is noble — it is grand — 0
■infi^T^^-^T! ** 11^ 1^ because it lifts men from despondency, it give 3 them hope, ambition, strength of mind O
' "118 flffjf "* " f and body — makes them love life for the pleasure of living. There must be something in Q
■tllll'w '*"' a system of treatment that can show such cures as these. (S
WEAKNESS CURED IN SIX WEEKS. ?
Virginia City, Nev., July 30, 1898. p
DR. SANDEN Dear Sir : Six weeks ago I received your Belt, and I am proud to say that it has helped me 0
wonderfully. My back doesn't bother me, and the varicose veins are hardly noticeable ; the nightly drains have almost ft
stopped. lam much improved in my manhood, and am glad to say the rupture is one-third the size as before using the X'
Beft. The Belt has done all you have claimed for it. I remain yours truly, J. W. RICHARDS." jl
, ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE? |
Study yourself. Weakness in the vital organs is unnatural in all men. It i 3 due to improper care of the functions V.
endowed by nature with perfect vigor, and since nature gave this strength, if it has been wasted, sho must be called upon V
to renew it. 1 Natural remedies must be used. Nothing bears a closer relation to the elements of vital and : nerve force 0
than electricity.' It is natural. It is nature embodied in a portable, convenient and effective appliance when Dr. San- O
den's Electric Belt is used. It is as good for women as for men. Call and examine this wonderful belt. Test the power- <J>
ful current it gives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past <j> "
mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay ; act now. Get the book "Three Classes of Men," sealed, free, p
Call or address . Q
DR. A. X. SANDEN, U NOT IN DRUG STORES. ' |
'.'.■■'-' _, :":•-'• Dr. Sanden'a Electric Belt /S
702 MARKET STREET, Corner Kearny^San Francisco. is never sold in drug stores V
--J .:.-... ■,.'•■ • . . ■ ■ . , nor by traveling agents; only j g\
Office hours, BA.M.to 8 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204% South Broadway; Port- at our office. . • y
land, Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street. *■ . . . ; —* A
ing which promises to develop much in
terest and to attract widespread atten
tion in legal circles.
Papers preparatory to the opening or
an action are being drawn up by the OaK
land law firm of Gibson & Woolner which,
with Attorney H. B. Griffin of Modesto,
will represent the little girl and her guar
dian, John F. Bluett, in court.
Coroner Baldwin in Oakland has been
notified that the action will be com
menced, and has been requested by tne
attorneys to produce the depositions tak
en at the time of Bluett's death and other
records of the Coroner's jury which sat
in his case. The sum to be sued for will
not be made known until the papers in
the case are filed. The contest will be re
garded as extremely important, both on
account of the intricate points at law
to be brought out in the effort to locate
the responsibility for Bluett's death and
because of the large sum of money to be
involved. The case will unquestionably
pass to the records as an isolated one.
William Bluett was a "student brake
man in the employ of the Southern Pa
cific Company. He had been detailed, as
his relatives now claim, to join the crew
of a freight train running to Livermore,
and had been placed in a position where
he might readily be instructed.
He left Livermore on the freight train
one afternoon in good spirits and hard a I
work. Next morning a tramp found his
lifeless body beside the track at Decoto.
H> reported his find and foul play was
suspected, but the tramp was released,
and later a Coroner's juiv found tnat Blu
ett had been caught by a sagging tele
phone wire as he walked along the top 01
the freight cars and had been thrown to
his death. The wire found by the jury
hung just above the cars and gave evi
dence of having been severely strained.
After Bluett had been buried the rela
tives instituted an investigation on their
own account, and the present suit for dam
ages, about to be opened. Is the result. A
large sum, it is understood, will be sued
for
The Southern Pacific Company, the
lawyers allege, will be held accountable
for permitting a train to pass beneath
sagging wires when their employes were
compelled to walk upon the car tops.
The Bell Telephone Company will be
made to answer for having placed the
wire in such a careless manner as to per
mit of Its falling, and the Western Union
Telegraph Company will have to stand
suit, the attorneys declare, because of its
willingness to have its poles used for such
a purpose. The Crane family had ordered
the wire put up, it is claimed, and they
will be asked to contribute, therefore, to
the reparation.
Bluett's daughter, who is to sue, is the
eldest of three children. Although a com
paratively young mnn. Bluett nad been
married twice. He was separated from
each wife, but retained the children, of
whom there were three. The two younger
are In Stockton. When sern to-day At
torney E. M. Gibson said: "We shall open
the contest at once, which will probaDly
be a big one, suing on behalf of Bluett's
eldest child. We have a string case and
will make a determined fight. Hazel Blu
ett's little life has been overshadowed and
we will battle for her rights."
John Bluett, the guardian, lives, in Mo
desto.
Three Years of Festival Service.
The inauguration of the fourth year of
festival service will be commemorated
this evening at Grace Episcopal Church,
on California and Stockton streets. A
special programme of music has been ar
ranged and will be sung by an augmented
choir under the personal direction of W.
H. Holt. The principal singers are as
follows: First tenors. Rhys Thomas, Ar
thur Messmer, Clarence Wendell, Dr.
Smith and Arthur Lawrence; bassos, 3.
Homer Henley, Charles Parent Jr., Wal
ter Mcßaln. Messrs. Fraser, Hennlng and
Fossey. and Cyril Holt.
Among the various features of the pro
gramme will be the selections "In Native
Worth," by Rhys Thomas, and a soio by
S. Homer Henley. A new quartet, to be
heard for the first time in this city this
evening, has been selected and will ren
der several selections and appropriate
pieces.
The service -will begin promptly at 7:43
o'clock.
Granted a Divorce.
Otto Anderson was granted a divorce
from Christine M. Anderson yesterday.
The decree was Issued on the ground of
desertion.
,—, — ■ .♦ ■
,' I^adlpp' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
£lye credit.. Rothschild. 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
THE PIE WAS NOT LOADED,
Walter Skerlock Seriously Injured bg a
Cartridge Secured in Exchange
for Pastru.
A soldier with a cartridge, a boy with a home-made pie, a string which
did duty fur a fuse and a lighted match were the chief features of a
tragedy which took place In the Western Addition last week and resulted
In Lane Hospital receiving a tearful and nearly blnided patient in the person
of 9-year-old Walter Skerloek.
A playmate of the injured boy vlalted Camp Merritt some days ago
and' made friends with a soldier, to whom he gave a pie his patriotic moth
er had sent out for the boys in blue. The boy with the pie. having an
eye for business, would not surrender the pastry to the young volunteer
until he had secured In exchange an army rifle cartridge. In the course
of events the piece of ordnance came Into the possession of Walter Sker
loek, who resides at 2422>^ Bush street, and trouble immediately began to
brew.
With the usual curiosity of youth, Skerloek wondered what would
happen if the powder in the little brass shell should be exploded. The
desire for knowledge grew so strong that he determined to prove for him
self that a theory he had formed aa to the effect was a correct one. A
hole he bored in the cartridge he filled with a piece of string in lieu
of a fuse, and with the admiring and envious glances of two younger
brothers upon him he touched a match to his embryo cannon. His theory
that there would be a beautiful noise and flash was proven to Skerlock's
entire satisfaction, but the flame which leaped from the cartridge is the
last thing the boy has seen since a week ago Thursday, when he per
formed his dangerous experiment.
The eyes of the youth received the full force of the flash from the
powder when the cartridge exploded and they were badly burned. The
injured boy was removed to Lane Hospital, where in a darkened room
with bandaged eyes he has had ample time to repent of his disastrous ex
periment with army supplies. The doctors have not been able to determine
whether the boy will lose his sight entirely or not. One eye was not
burned so badly as the other, and it Is believed this one will be saved,
and there are hopes for the other.
There has been no report as to the effect of the pie on the soldier, but
mothers of the numerous representatives of "young America" in the city
would not grieve much If the pastry caused a sleepless night and a trip
to the hospital for the misguided young volunteer.
z
910
NEWS OF THE MINES.
Field Work of the State
Mining Bureau in
the South.
Important Strikes North and
South— California Miners
Asked to Look Out
for Iridium.
JH. MEANS of the Mining Bureau
is spending' several weeku in the
southern counties doing a little
geological work, but mainly con-
Icernlng himself with the work of
preparing the register of mines
and the county mining maps, which
•will bo the chief work of the bureau for
another year. County deputies familiar
■with the local mining Held have been ap
pointed in twenty-four counties to assist
In the map work and In the description of
the operating mines of their counties. Seo
retary Jacobs expects that the bureau
•will move to the new ferry building about
September L W. L. Watts, the oil expert
of the bureau, has gone Into Orange Coun
ty to study the oil possibilities there. He
is preparing un extensive bulletin descrip
tive of the results of bis last year of work
in the southern oil fields, and State Min
eralogist Cooper hopt-s to be able to get
it published this fall.
An Important strike has been made in
the old and great Brown Bear mine at
Deadwood, Shasta County. The latest
discovery was made in the lower tunnel of
the mine on the Monte Cristo walls and is
the continuation of the ore chutes of the
upper levels. Its width is three feet
where it was cut. The ore is reported to
be quite rich and the ore body large. For
about thirteen years the fifteen stamps of
the Brown Bear mill have been hammer
ing away day and night with scarcely in
termission enough for repairs. Yet, thir
teen years ago the mine was considered
•worked out. Again, four years ago the
men at the helm took a gloomy view of
its future, but new men with more hope
ful views, renewed energy and more Intel
ligent prospecting kept things going and
raying as In the past. The mine is now
owned by J. W. Phillips of Oakland.
A rich rind is reported from Scott Moun
tain on tht» upper waters of the Trinity
River, Trinity County. J. W. Conant of
Redding has been spending the summer
prospecting there, while camping out by
a mountain stream with his family, as
many prospectors do. His find is a ledge
of freo gold seven ?eet wide and averag
ing $25 a ton. There will be many such
finds throughout fhat mining region of
Northern Trinity and Western Siskiyou.
Not long ago a rich strike of nuggets
•was made in Southern Oregon when some i
ducks were killed, and quite a little sum- !
pede to the duck foraging ground follow
ed. The other uay the Desmond brothers,
living at Oak Bottom, in Shasta County,
killed an old rooster for dinner and his
gizzard yielded a 50-eent nugget, with
which they bought eggs.
The San Francisco parties who recent
ly purchased the Tough Nut mine on Dog
Creek of Neley Thomas have about com
pleted the construction of a cyanide plant.
The principal owner is expected on the
ground in a few days and <t new method
for the treatment of the rich Dog" Creek
ores will soon receive a thorough test.
There are few sections where .so many
rich ledges abound and where such a
good surface showing is made as In Dog
Creek.
Among the richest placers of Shasta
County were those of Dog Creek, and
many fortunes were taken out by the
early miners of that section. Even at the.
I resent time many miners art; making a
living on the old creek and occasionally
a good nugget Is found.— Redding Search
light.
The Big Two and .Lone Lenore mines,
on Little Humbug, have been sold for
$10,0u0 to San Francisco parties.
The Salmon River Mining Company,
now working the old Billy Klein mine,
has been doing very well lately, and
could do much better if the water supply
more extensive. The river Is very
low this season, on account of lack uf
Bnow on the high mountains last winter.
They have about 15,000 inches at present,
and ought to have double that amount
for running the mine to its fullest extent.
The water will gradually diminish until j
the hot weather is over.— Yreka Journal
The cyanide plant of the Midas Gold
Mining Company at Harrison Gulch.
Shasta Comity, was destroyed by fire re
cently, and it is to be rebuilt immedi
ately.
The Reeder & Brown claim on Shasta
River, in Fool's Paradise district, which
paiu $10,000 during the past two months,
is now In litigation concerning partner-
Bhip difficulty, with J. F. Boyle as re
ceiver. This is a very rich ledge, and all
i.irtz taken out yields a very rich
average.— Yreka Journal.
A gentleman who has recently visited
the upper end of the county said the min
ing outlook in the vicinity of the Forks
of Butte was very good. Eight mining
is h;j.d lately been made near the
Bt-s-t mine. Three of these were made by
local residents, while five had been made
by men from iSan Francisco and San Jose.
The latter were well supplied with capital
to open and work the gravel deposits
"Which prospected well.— Oroville Register
The machinery at the Odin mine is all
in place over the new shaft and the water
for power is now bi-ing brought in from
entral House ditch. It is expected
everything will be in readiness by
"Wednesday to start the machinery.
Steam power is being introduced for us>-
In case the water faUa at any time.—Ne
vada City Transcript.
The lack of water has no effect on the
pocket mines. In fact, it is a benefit. The
pocket mines are the sources from which
two-thirds of the ready money in Tuo
lumr." County como.— Sonora Banner.
R. li. Symington is making a survey
of the Constitution mine on Deer Creek
above town, and will prepare a report
property, which is likely to be sold
fooii to a company that will start up
work on it. The Constitution is doubt
less a valuable property, having been a
larj.:'- producer above water level in early
times. Nevada Gity Transcript.
Th<- Allison Kan^h mine is now run
ning by steam power, the company refus
ing to take water on account of contin
uous litigation.— "irass Valley Telegraph.
We have authority for saying that the
Mount Games mine is sold to George
Crocker and J. F. Peck and that the par
ties concerned are now in San Francisco
roTisummating the bargain.— Mariposa.
Qaxette.
Scarcity of water is playing sad havoc
witli surrounding mines. The Bell and
Norwi-Kian, near Tuttletown, have closed
down, and it Is more than probable that
■i others in that vicinity will be
obliged to follow puit. After a few years
more of these losses mine owners will
have electric power and not be at the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
Indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original systeiu of treatment.
It I !■'.■' B'RK cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. TARK'OrEI-K, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. < ouln.
pion- l>So«»<l poisou in any of its
Btages thoroughly eradicated from the
eyßtem. I^itflleM will receive special
attention for 'I their many ailments.
"WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L,.
BWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
Frarcisco, Cal.
mercy of the variable mountain streams.
—Jamestown Mother Lode.
Miners are taking advantage of the un
precedented low water, ana winy-dam
ming, fiuming and river-bed mining will
be unusually active until the winter ralna
set In. At Stony Bar, below Chile *>£ r
there are three different companies env
ploying twelve men.— Mountain Democrat.
Senator Voorheis and John Ross Jr. of
Sutter and F. F. Thomas of the Gwin
mine are said to have bonded the old
Havillah mine, near Nashville in El Do
rado County, and will deveion fhe prop
erty on the same plan as the Lincoln, at
Sutter. The gentlemen expect to extend
the Crawford ditch to a point west of
Nashville, by doing which they will have
a fall of 800 feet or more. The difficulty
in working this mine heretofore has been
the lack of cheap power, which the new
company intends to supply as above
stated.
The Baltic mine. El Dorado County, has
been bonded to a number of Sun Fran
cisco capitalists and active operations will
be commenced at once. Machinery for
the mine has already been purchased, and
J. H. Bradley, who is one of the interested
parties, has* been in town this week ar
ranging for the shipment of the plant.—
Mountain Democrat.
A mail service has been established to
Dale, the chief town of the mining dis
trict generally known as the Virginia
Dale In San Bernardino County.
The drift from the north to the south
shaft on the 2400-foot level in the Ken
nedy mine is being steadily driven, and
connection between the two shafts will be
made soon. There is talk of bringing
electric power from the plant on the
Mokelumne River with which to run the
forty-stamp mill.
The Melones mines near Robinsons Fer
ry. CaJaveras County, comprise six
mines. In the South Carolina the tunnel
has reached 3000 feet. The development
thus far is said to show 450,000 tons of
ore that is valued at from $3 to $10 a ton
and can be milled at $3 per ton. Devel
opment work will be continued until
spring, when a mill of 120 stamps will
be built. B. Deleray is superintendent
and W. C. Ralston general manager.
Reynolds and Carter have leased the
Morristown hydraulic mine, Sierra Coun
ty, for rive years and have begun work.
The Yellow Aster Mining Company of
Riuidsburg has just made a two weeks'
clean-up at. the Barstow reduction works
of J25.000. For June this company paid a
dividend of $10,000 to its stockholders. In
addition to what they are crushing at Jo
hannesburg they are running thirty of
the fifty stamps at the Barstow reduction
workr-. It is stated that they have leased
that number of the stamps and are op
erating them under their own manage
ment.
It is currently rumored that changes In
the general management of the Barstow
Reduction Works will soon be made.
There is. in fact, good reason for believ
ing that some changes have already been
made, and that Albert Smit-i has resigned
as general manager. No specific reasons
are assigned for these changes, but it
seems to be pretty well known that the
stockholders were not satisfied with the
way in which things at the mill were be
i ing conducted. Last week a mortgage for
! $25,000 was tiled in the County Recorder's
I office at San Bernardino, given by the
Randsburg-Santa Fe Reduction Company
to the Union Trust Company of Roch
ester, N. I., and was given as security
to float bonds to the amount of $25,000.—
Los Angeles Times.
The Good Hope mine, situated between
Penis and Elsinore, has been one of those
mines with a history peculiarly its own.
Several years ago it was sold to an En
glish syndicate for half a million dollars,
and Sluu.ow pnid down on account. A sci
entific gentleman of high education in
geological matters was .s^nt out from
London as Its superintendent, and every
thing- looked rosy. Suddenly the supply
of gold-bearing rock began to decrease
and the shart-holders brought suit to get
burk their mfiney, on the ground that
misrepresentations had been resorted to
in the sale of the property.
Since then the mine has had a varied
experience and a checkered existence.
But on Friday last the workmen ran into
an ore body of almost unparalleled mag
nitude, being quite fifty feet wide, at a
depth of 600 feet from the surface. The
rock is a low-grade ore, but said to be
rich enough to crush at a profit, while the
great extent of the deposit guarantees
that it will not soon be exhausted.— Los
Angeles Mining Record.
From Lew E. Aubury, assayer and min
ing engineer of this city, who returned
last week from a visit to the Rademaeher
district, near Randsburg. the following
Information of that section has been ob
tained: He speaks in glowing term 3 of It
and its possibilities. Outside of one or
two mines but little development has
been done, but what prospects have been
opened make a good showing. One of the
principal reasonß of the district not hav
ing made further advancement has been
on account of the class of ores. As a
rule, very little free gold property is met
with, the general character of the ores
being a sulphide of iron. In which the
gold is contained. The grade of the ores
Is comparatively high, but while not gen
erally good enough to stand shipment,
can be profitably treated on the ground
by modern processes.
A number of wells have been sunk and
water in abundance iias been reached In
from six to thirty-five feet. The proposed
electric-power line has been eurvi-yed
through the center of the district, and
should the projected line from the Kern
River to Randsburg be completed, with
cheai power and sufficient ore for treat
ment, the success of the district is as
sured. — Los Angeles Review.
The Selby Smelting and Lead Company
of San Francisco is prepared to pur
chase osm-iridium (a natural alloy uf
osmium and iridium) In quantities of one
ounce and upward. This metal, or alloy,
has been found in various placer mines
in California, particularly in the northern
part. Owing to its high specific gravity,
approximating closely to that of gold. In
washing sand and gravel it concentrates
with the gold. It can be easily distin
guished by its bright metallic color and
flat, scaly appearance, Is insoluble in acid,
and cannot be melted by ordjnary furnace
heat. The shape of grain is irregular, has
a ragged edge, and varies In size from
that of fine to coarse sand, and often
larger. As the market for osm-iridium
has been limited* little attention has been
paid to it on this coast, but it is believed
considerable quantities may be found If
miners -will turn their attention in that
direction.— Mining and Scientific Press.
Extension of demand and shortening of
supply has sent the price of oil at Los
Angeles up to $1 16, an advance of 55
cents in sixty days. This Is the price
fixed last week by the Oil Producers'
Trustees, though small lots were sold last
week by outsiders at SO and S5 cents.
The Black Warrior quartz mine, late
of Oknno^an County. Wash., has been
transferred to the British flag and British
Columbia mining laws. It was supposed
to be in Okanogan County and was re
corde4. staked and worked according to
United States laws. Some surveyors
came along and found that the boundary
line just slipped its south side.
There are now about 40.000 miners at
work in the gold mines of Siberia.
Ptmr. Grace Dollar will sail for St. Mlchncl.
Guaranteed connections Yukon River points;
low rates. Particulars 48 Mkt. or C 32 Mkt., r. 8.
Honoring the President.
Institute No. 7 of the Young ladles' In
stitute, at its last held meeting, tendered
a reception to Mrs. Mary A. Nagle, who,
the week before, was elected grand presi
dent of the order. There were present
by invitation members of all the local in
stitutes anil several delegates from the
interior. Miss Josie T. Molloy, grand sec
retary and treasurer, wa.s also present.
During the evening the guest and Miss
Molloy responded to calls for addresses
and they complimented the officers and
members, of No. 7 on their success In the
§ast and also congratulated Miss May
teln, the president of that branch, upon
her elevation by the highest vote cast
to the office of grand director. There
was presented a programme of song and
music, and then followed dancing and re
freshment.
Jesuits Will Give a Betreat.
A retreat will be begun this evening
In St. Ignatius Church, under the au
spices of the Indies' and Gen
tlemen's sodalities, and will close on
Monday evening, August 15. The exer
cises will be conducted by Rev. Henry
Moeller, S. J., and will begin each even
ing at 7:4f> o'clock. The object of the re
treat Is the increase of fervor In the serv
ice of God and a more worthy prepara
tion for the great feast of the assump
tion of the Blessed Virgin Mary. Any
one, although not a member of the so
dality, may attend the retreat.
Clerk Farish Convalescent.
A. L. Farlsh, office clerk for United
States Marshal Shine, has recovered from
his recent severe attack of sickness.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonaa, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, SCJNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
LITTLE GOLD
FROM DAWSON
Return of the Leelanaw
Almost Bare.
BROUGHT NINE PASSENGERS
HITNDBEDS OF MINERS HELD
AT ST. MICHAELS.
The Overdue Steam Schooner Del
Norte and Her Tow of Fiv«
Barges Are Safe at
Kodiak.
Th« Alaska Exploration Company's
steamer Leelanaw arrived from St. Mich
ael yesterday with nine passengers. Very
few people came down the river while she
was north and very few went up. The
Brixham, Progreso, Rufus E. Wood and
a number of other vessels had their pas
sengers still aboard when the Leelanaw
sailed and the prospects were very poor
for any of the ' gold hunters getting to
Dawson this season. Hundreds of men
were stranded in and about St. Michael.
According to their contracts with outside
companies they should have been carried
to Dawson, but owing to the. fact that
nearly all the river steamers that started
from San Francisco, Portland and Puget
Sound for the Yukon have been wrecked
there is no means of fulfilling the agree
ment. A few of the gold hunters have
gone up the river on the steamers of
the Alaska Commercial Company, NorLh
American Trading and Transportation
Company and Alaska Exploration Com
pany, but the great majority are hoping
against hope that something will turn up
by which they may reach Dawson with
out a further expenditure of money.
Among those who came back on the
Leelanaw are Mrs. and Mrs. Qulsenberry.
The former went to Dawson last fall and
his wife went north on the Leelanaw and
mot him at St. Michael. Mr. and Mrs
Tod Smith met at St. Michael under ex
actly the same circumstances as Mr. and
Mrs Quisenberry. W. A. Cummings has
spent Jifteen years in Alaska. He and
his partner, Charles Wooge, brought
down 125,000 in dust with them.
E. L. Hemmingway and \V. \V. Turney
went in over the Chilkoot Pass and came
out on the first steamer that went down
the river. One week in Dawson was all
they wanted. Mr. Turney says there will
not be work for half the people that
are in Dawson thls winter, and that the
hardships will be very great.
r> Th j c aU'^F steamers and barges that T.
i . H. \\ hitelaw went north on the Sin
tram to build were not completed when
the Leelanaw was at Dutch Harbor. They
will be tinished In time for the stea.mer
t>. tow th m to St. Michael on her next
trip Nothing had been heard of the Mo
ran fleet of ten stern wheel steamers since
they were spoken in distress in Yakatat
Bay. The people at St. Michael never ex
pect to see one of them. They were all
badly strained and many of them unsea
worthy, according to the officers of the
Leelanaw.
When two days out from St. Michael
the Leelanaw passed a water-logged
stern wheel steamer. What vessel it was
and what steamer lost it could not be
ascertained. The old bark Husier, which
left here June 7 for Kotzebue Sound, had
arrived at St. Michael and was to ' con
tinue her Journey on July 23.
The steamer Del Norte, which left Seat
tle for St. Michael with live barges in
tow, is all right. Neither steamer nor
tow had been heard from for a long tim«
and they were almost giver up for lost.
They put into Kodlak on July 12. and
after filling the water tanks were to pro
ceed to either Sand Point or Kings Cove
for coal before venturing into Bering Sea
The first part of the journey was un
eventful, and the captain of the Del
N'orte- was in hopes of reaching St.
Michael with his tow in safety.
If all goes well the miners on the Klon
dike will be able to eat chicken on
Thanksgiving day. On the next trip of
the Leelanaw Dominick Roberts will ship
1200 chickens and 300 turkeys. The fowls
are going north in speclallv built coops
and a man is going with them to see that
they are fed properly. Chickens that
would be considered dear at 50 cents here
are expected to bring $10 apiece on the
Klondike.
Captain J. G. Blair, who has for years
been connected with the Alaska Commer
cial Company, is going to take a well
earned holiday. Now that the rush of
getting the Yukon steamers away is over
Captain Blair Is going to Byron Springs
for a fortnight.
The following report of Purser Tuttle of
the Leelanaw gives an accurate idea of
the condition of Bhlnping at St. Michael
when the steamer left for San Francisco:
St. Michael— Arrived. July 11. eteamer Pro
greso from Seattle; to sail about August 1
July 12. steamer Brlxharn from Seattle; to
sail about July 28.
July 17. steamer Ellhu Thompson from Seat
tle: to sail August 1.
July 21. steamer Laurada from Seattle; to
sail about August 1.
July 23. steamer South Portland from Seat
tle, to sail about August 1 or 2; steamer Na
tional City from Seattle, to sail about July 2fi.
July 18, steamer Alliance from Seattle, to
sail about July 24; steamer Dlrlgo from Seat
tle, to aall about July 24; Hteamer Tlllamook,
hence June 12, to sal! about July 21
July 20, steamer Albion from Astoria, to sail
about July 22; steamer Noyo from Seattle, to
sill about July 29; steamer Argo from Seat
tle, 11th, nnd British uteamer Danube from
A lctorla. to sail about July 29.
July 1, steamer Conemaugh from Victoria,
sailing date unknown.
July IR, Norwegian steamer Tordenskjold
from Victoria, to sail about July 24.
July 2, ship Elwell from Nanalmo, to sail
about August 6.
July 6. bark Rufuß E. Wood frnm Seattle, to
sail about August 7.
July 1, bark Highland Light from Seattle,
to sail about August 2.
July 10. bark Alex. McNeil, to sail about
August 2.
July l. bark Hayden Brown from Seattle, to
sail for Kotzebue Bj>und about July 23.
July 23. bark Hunter, hence July 7, to Ball
for Kotzebue Sounrl about July 23.
July 1, brig Geneva from Seattle, to . pall
about July 24.
July 3, brig Harriet G., hence May 24, to sail
about August 1.
July 6, schooner Inca, hence MRy 22, to sail
about August 2.
July 10. schooner W. F. Jewett, hence June
10: schooner J. M. Colman. hence - May 19;
schooner MlMr»>o\ from Seattle: schooner Ban
g. >r, from Whatcom: schooner Mary Ann*,
hence June 8: schooner Cnetco, hence May 23;
schooner layman D. Foster, hence May 28;
schooner Novelty, hence ■ May 26. ■' '/■ yi-~\2
The Yukon River SteambOPt Company
hns chartered the steamer North Fork
from the Johnson-Locke ■ Company and
will send hpr to St. Michael in place of
the Grace Dollar. Th" North Fork was
fitted out to carry soldiers to Honojulu,
find will make a pood boat for the Klon
dike trade. She will get away either to
nlKht or Monday, and will connect. at St.
Michael with the river steamer Alvlso.
Its Efforts Appreciated.
Hugh Craig, president of the Chamber
of Commerce, hns received a letter from
O. Knox of Council Bluffs, lowa. thank-
Ing the chamber for the efforts recently
made to have the troops moved from
Cnmp Merritt to the Presidio reservation.
About two weeks ngo the chamber sent
to the President of the United States a
long dispatch setting forth the unhealth
ful conditions of the camp nnd the evil
results of having the soldiers remain
there. The petition was copied by paper*
all over the country and one of these
fell Into the hands of Mr. Knox. who has
a son who Is a member of Company L of
the Fifty-first lowa.
Federal Prisoners Sentenced.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday morning passed sentence upon
two persons, who had pleaded guilty to
Federal indictments. Mrs. C. A. Clement
of Stockton was sentenced to pay a fine of
$200 or to be Imprisoned in the Alameda
County Jail until the fine shall have been
paid. Mrs. Clement has no money or
other property and she will be released
at the end of thirty days' imprisonment.
Her offense was the sending through the
mails of Immoral medical advertisements
Alexander Cummlngs, for counterfeit
ing, was sentenced to eighteen months'
imprisonment at hard labor in the San
Quentin Penitentiary. A fine of |200 was
imposed aiatj.
DR. FIERCE'S REMEDIES
A SPANISH WOMAN'S TER-
RIBLE EXPERIENCE.
The Difference Between Spain's
Brutality to Women and
Anglo-Saxon Humanity.
Among; all the incidents of the Span-
ish-American war, one of those which
best illustrate the Spanish character is
the story of a wealthy woman refugee
driven from Santiago by fear of
bombardment returning again to find
her home and property pillaged and
destroyed by soldiers of her own race
and blood.
Imagine, if you can, such an occur-
rence in an American or an English
2§si§~s ~?§^ 'j&L^ /
"NO WONDER THAT SPANISH REFUGEES SEEK AMERICAN PRO-
TECTION."
army! Imagine any one <-f the hun-
dred inhumanities and atrocities to-
ward women which characterize the
Spanish race being duplicated under
the rule of an Anglo-Saxon nation!
Impossible!
No wonder so many frightened refu-
' pees look upon the American army as
1 their deliverance from the hands of a
brutal and inhuman mob.
The way a nation treats its women is
i the mark of its standing among the
t world of nations, and shows in an in-
stant its state of civilization or of sav-
agery.
THE AMERICAN SENTIMENT.
Americans exalt their women as the
better part of the nation, and render
them such true, devoted homage as
I womankind receives in no other coun-
try In the world.
It is not mere lip-service nor the shal- I
low gallantry which parades itself in
: fine phrases and extravagant compll- j
: ments. It is the simple and sincere
j deference of genuine manhood toward
i the sex which Includes their mothers,
i sisters, sweethearts and wives.
How fully do American women ap-
preciate and reciprocate this obvious
sentiment of American manhood? It
is a question worth looking into. Do
the women of our country fully realize ;
the opportunities for happiness and i
power which lie within their grasp? i
If they should lose a large proportion
of the queenly heritage so freely ac-
corded and which rightfully belongs to
them, where lies the blame; and where-
in is the redress?
HOW IT IS SOMETIMES
THWARTED.
Many a woman — many a thousand !
women— throughout this land where j
womankind is loved and reverenced, j
lead lives of constant misery and sor- j
row. Many a woman feels that her >
dally lot is wretched and unhappy be- |
yond description. She is weighted j
down by a crushing burden of phys-
ical weakness that her husband cannot
understand, and for which he does not
know how to make allowance, simply
because he Is a man.
, He forgets— if indeed he ever realizes
— that a woman's entire existence, men-
tal as well as physical, is bound up in
and identified with the delicate and im-
portant special organism of woman-
hood. When a woman is peevish, fret-
ful, nervous, full of aches, pains and
constant miseries, he will seldom at-
tribute them to their actual cause.
WHERE THE BLAME LIES.
He will blame a woman's temper for
what is rightfully due to a condition of
disease and weakness. He will forget
his loyalty and patience; grow careless
of her feelings, neglectful and even per-
haps unkind. What should be the de-
light and comfort of domestic life is
embittered and sometimes almost de-
stroyed through mutual ignorance of
the great fundamental facts which con-
trol and color the woman's physical life.
Should there not be a more thorough
confidence and frank understanding be-
tween husbands and wives and between
mothers and daughters on this all im-
portant subject? Ought not every one
concerned to make this problem of re-
pairing the physical capacity, upon
which all other capability depends, the
foremost object of their earnest solici-
tude?
The kindest of husbands cannot fully
sympathize with what he does not un-
derstand. However terribly a woman
suffers she hates to be complaining of
ill-health all the time; she hates to ac-
knowledge that she has any weakness
of this nature. If she calls in the doc-
tor, nine times in ten the inex]>erienced
local practitioner does not diagnose the
trouble correctly. He prescribes for
liver disease or heart-weakness; or he
may say: "Your nerves and stomach
need a little toning up; that's all." He
will seldom recognize the fact that the
real trouble is in the organs distinctly
feminine, the special. Intricate and sen-
sitive structure which fits a woman for
wifehood and motherhood.
WHY WOMEN HESITATE.
When a sensitive modest woman once
fairly realizes the cause of the con-
tinual aches and pains that are sapping
her vitality and making her life a fail-
ure, one of the first thoughts that come
to her Is a dread of the mortifying
questioning, examinations and local ap-
plications which doctors so uniformly
insist upon; and It seems to her almost
as if it were better to endure her con-
stant pains and miseries than submit
to this embarrassing ordeal.
ONE WOMAN'S EXPERIENCE.
The fact that such an alternative Is
entirely needless; that there is a per-
fect and unfailing remedy by which her
troubles may be absolutely cured in the
privacy of her own home without resort
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES
to these repugnant methods, comes to
many a woman like a revelation of
mercy and deliverance. "For one year
I sufferei more than a tongue can ex-
press," says Mrs. Lily Heckart of Bart-
lesville, Cherokee Nation, Ind. Ter. "I
was in bed nearly all the time. I was
scarcely able to work half of the time.
I could not even dress myself. God
alone knows what I suffered. I had
falling of the womb so badly that at
times I could not be turned in bed. I
suffered from palpitation of the heart. I
would often faint away and it seemed
as if I never could recover. I had sick
headache nearly all the time, and also
had St. Titus' dance. At the com-
mencement of the monthly period the
misery would be so great- that I would
be nearly crazy; this would last from
twelve to twenty-four hours, and I
would suffer untold agony. When I
would stand on my feet it seemed as
though the top of my head would
come off, and I had almost lost mem-
ory when I commenced using Dr.
Pierces n.edicines. I had doctored with
five different physicians but they did
me no good. They finally said they had
done all they could.
WHAT HER DOCTOR SAID.
"One of these doctors, of forty years'
experience, said to me: 'I can't do you
; any {food, so why not try Dr. R. V.
Pierces Favorite Prescription?" So I
decided to write to Dr. Pierce and de-
scribe my troubles. He wrote me a
nice, fatherly kind letter ;,i reply and
I followed his advice. I took three bot-
tles each of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription and 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery," and by the time I had finished
these I had no symptoms of the old
disease. 1 was soon aLle to do all my
work. I now do all of my own sewing
and am heavier than ever before; I
weigh 145 pounds, and my husband
says I look the same as when I was
young. Life is a pleasure to me now,
j instead of a burden, as it was before I
! commenced using Dr. Pierces medi-
cines. I can now enjoy the society of
my friends, and Dr. Pierces medicines
j have done me more good than all the
doctors ever did.
"Three of my neighbors have used
Dr. Pierces medicine and It has
helped them all. I will take no other
medicine but Dr. Pierces, and 1 re-
! commend it to all my friends. I am
i willing to answer any letters of In-
i quiry if stamps are Inclosed for reply."
AN EMINENT SPECIALIST.
This superb remedy was devised by
an educated and experienced physi-
cian, who for thirty years has been at
the head of one of the representative
j medical institutions of America: The
j Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute
of Buffalo, N. Y. Here Dr. Pierce, as
i chief consulting physician, has success-
fully treated more cases of chronic
feminine diseases than any other physi-
cian in the United States.
There never was another medicine
devised which restored complete health
and pure vital capacity to the womanly
organism so promptly and radically as
this matchless "Favorite Prescription."
It absolutely dispels all abnormal and
diseased conditions peculiar to women,
however severe and obstinate they may
appear.
THERE IS NO OTHER.
It is the only medicine Invented by a
skilled and eminent specialist which
banishes the anxieties of prospective
motherhood, and relieves the trying or-
deal of all its dangers and a large pro-
portion of its pains and discomforts.
"I began taking your 'Favorite Pre-
scription' in August, 1897, and took it
until after my baby was born in No-
vember," writes Mrs. Mollie E. Grimes
of Flomnton, Escambia County, Ala.
"I took three bottles of the 'Favorite
Prescription' and one bottle of your
little "Pellets' and oh, what an appetite
they did give me!
"My baby is now three months old
and weighs fifteen pounds and a half.
When she was born she was the fattest
little baby girl you ever saw. She was
the largest one of all my babies and at
the birth I had an easier and shorter
time than I ever had. I suffered every-
thing that flesh could suffer with all the
rest of my children, and I was also sub-
ject to miscarriage.
"After having this trouble twice I
was almost heart-broken to think I
could not raise any more children and
had tp suffer as I did. I took your
'Favorite Prescription' and also your
little 'Pellets' (I do not forget them for
they act like a charm), and now I am
the happy mother of a fine baby girl
I am stouter and healthier than I ever
was. I think all prospective mothers
should use Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription. I cannot praise it enough,
for I believe it saved my baby's life.
What your medicine did for me I want
published."
IT INVOLVES NO DANGERS.
No alcohol nor opiate, no false stimu-
lant, no dangerous narcotic of any sort
or description whatever, enters into the
composition of this great "Prescrip-
tion." It is utterly free from all those
delusive elements which so largely
compose various "compounds," "malt-
extracts," and so-called "tonics," which
tend to give a mere temporary exhilar
ation followed by severe depression
and are liable, if persisted in, t
awaken a morbid Intemperate cravin
for alcoholic stimulants. Dr. Pierce'
Favorite Prescription is a temperanc
remedy, pure and simple. The strengt
it gives is temperance strength; tru
nerve force; genuine, sound, endurin
vitality.
Dealers in medicines everywhere ar
provided with this great "Prescrip
tion" and will supply it on requea
Any druggist who attempts to foist a
substitute upon his customers in place
of what they ask for clearly shows at
DR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
once his lack of business honesty and
his contempt for their judgment. Do
not be misled or beguiled. If you have
made up your mind that Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription is the remedy
you need, stick to it, and insist upon
that and nothing else.
A HUSBAND'S DUTY.
Every husband of a suffering wife;
every mother of a delicate, ailing
daughter, should make it a business to
write to Dr. R. V. Pierce, at Buffalo,
N. T., for a letter of sound, sensible,
professional advice, which will be sent
promptly, and entirely without charge.
In any case, where desirable and prac-
ticable. Dr. Pierce will suggest special
self-treatment at home without a phy-
sician's aid.
Inviolable confidence Is of course the
unvarying rule that governs every
communication received by Dr. Pierce.
No letter is ever published without the
writer's express permission. No sen-
sitive woman need hesitate to seek so
certain a relief which involves no sac-
rifice of time or privacy.
A GRAND VOLUME FREE.
Every family should possess a copy
of Dr. Pierces great thousand-page il-
lustrated Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser — a magnificent nome medical
library in one volume. Nearly a million
copies were sold at $1 50 each, but a
free copy in strong paper covers will
now be sent for the bare cost of mail-
ing, 21 one-cent stamps; or for 31
stamps, a heavier, handsomer, cloth-
bound copy. ___^__^____
PROCLAMATION
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th. 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth duy of January, A. D. 1597,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
Jn favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 13. No county, city, town, township,
board of education, or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
•ame; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims tor making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
! and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
! In? Indebtedness Incurred In the construction
j of its waterworks, whenever two-thirds of the
■ electors thereof voting at on election held for
that purpose, shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment Xo.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State ot California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the Inhabitants of i
counties, of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7V4- The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here- j
lnafter specified, and consistent with, and sub- |
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State, I
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified |
electors of such county, to be elected by the ,
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It snail be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act Tor
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deedß of the
county. Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
I least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It ahall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such count}',
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
fovernment act to the electors, and Its ratlflca-
lon by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State, the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the recorder of deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not less than two
years, by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or .
special election held at least forty days after I
the publication of such proposals for twenty
days In a newspaper of general circulation In
such county, and ratified by at least three-
fifths of the qualified electors voting thereon,
and approved by the Legislature as herein pro-
vided for thfc approval of the county govern-
ment act. In submitting any such county gov-
ernment act any alternative article or proposi-
tion may be presented for the choice of the
voters, and may be voted on separately with-
out prejudice to others.
It shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which, the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa- !
tlon; for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the ,
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner In which, the
times In which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed: and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches; |
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con- I
ducted; and may In addition determine the |
tests and conditions upon which electors, po- !
littcal parties and organizations may particl- i i
pate In any primary election.-
Whenever any county has. In the manner and i I
method herein pointed out. adopted any county i
government act, and the same shall have been , (
approved by the Legislature as aforesaid, the i
directions of sections four and five of this
article providing for the uniformity of a j
system of county governments throughout the !
State, and likewise providing for the election i '
and appointment of officers, and the regula- I
tion of their compensation, shall not apply I '
Paid county government act shall, as to any of '
the matters hereinabove provided for and de- ! t
clared by such county government net. not be i
subject to any law or amendment enacted by i .
the Legislature, except by amendment first i
submitted to the electors and ratified in the ' ,
manner herelnabove set forth. '
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section RVfr. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
law» as may be passed by the Legislature and
Its Judgment thereoa shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
In the City and County ot San FrancUao,
PROCLAMATION.
commencing on the second Monday In July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize euch court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
CBelng Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the>
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section s\b. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article Ehall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under sectioa
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California, an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of tha
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It Is proposed to amend said sections to
. read as follows:
I Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
1 same manner as the Governor, and his term of
L office and his qualifications shall be the same.
[ He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
Dnly have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
■ the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
• Inability to discharge the powers and duties
of his office, resignation, or absence from the
, ! State, the powers and duties of the office shall
' j devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability
shall cease. And should the Lieutenant Gover-
nor be Impeached, displaced, resign, die, or
become Incapable of performing the duties of
his office, or be absent from the State, the
president pro tempore of the Senate shall act
I as Governor until the vacancy in the office of
Governor shall be filled at the next general
election when members of the Legislature shall
be chosen, or until such disability of the Lieu-
tenant Governor shall cease. In case of a va-
cancy in the office of Governor for any of the
I reasons above named, and neither the Lieu-
tenant Governor nor the president pro tempore
of the Senate shall succeed to the powers and
'. ] duties of Governor, then the powers and duties
of such office shall devolve upon the Speaker
of the Assembly, until the office of Governor
i j shall be filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
i (Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38).
A resolution to propose to th» people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
six. Article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools by
i which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
' Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal' schools,
I and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
! shall be applied exclusively to the support if
i primary and grammar scnools. Grammar
■chools shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
| having more than on? thousand inhabitants. In
j which a course of study shall be taught which
| will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
I mining or scientific department of the Tjnl-
! versity of California.
AMENDMENT {jTDMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34).
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to Section
two of Article four of the Constitution, In rela-
! tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
I Is proposed to amend said section to read as
j follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
! shall commence at twelve o'clock -meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
I and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
la session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
I nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
| Journment. If the two houses fail to agree
! upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling, the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced In either h"use ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourtb.3 of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of CaTlfnrnfa. entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
j their approval." approved March 7. A. D. ISS3,
the above-described Proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 183 S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hit
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of Its-
water works from the provisions of No.
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
Incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county -
government acts by Inhabitants off No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? ('
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- fi
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of- .
three Superior Judges designated by How
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- ''■
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities T««
and counties, organized or to be or- — —
ganized. or holding a charter un- ]ft)
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Te»
providing for succession thereto in
certain cases and removing disabilty- No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 33 Teg
(relating to and defining Grammar-
Schools). jja
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Te«
Legislature for not less than thirty- .
nor more than sixty days during each No
fesf.lon).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand ajid the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. 11. BROWN. Secretary of State.
[SEAL.]
THE WEEKLY CALL
It Publishes the Cream o* th»
News of the Week azrv
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND*
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
The Best >y S Mining
Telegraphic W News That
Service on /\> s Accurate
The Coast / \*uptodat«
Not a Line of ft Sensational .'
or Faky, and Not a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
T f
Brlßht, Clean, A Champion of
Thouzhtful. Truth.
Ifl | I t
a
* CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
ALL IHE TIME.
IT ADVOUTE* "TsENT BT
HOME MAIL, Sl.St
INDUSTRIES 1 YLULSWEEP OF FIRE
IN SAUSALITO
Stores and Cottages De
stroyed.
ONE MAN LOSES HIS LIFE
LABORER RUN .DOWN BY A
FIRZ TRUCK.
Belief That the Conflagration Was
of Incendiary Origin Leads
to a Vigorous Investi
gation.
P;«-!al Dispatch to The Call.
ETAUSALITO, Aug. 6.— Fire broke
out . ■ >k this morning in the
andise establishment of
situated tn the
erh part of town, and before the
ibdued several houses
destroyed. The
:ature of the affair was the
\ <jf a laborer named Manuel Suuza
■;. He was run over by tho
truck and injured so badly that his
■ than an hour.
v - Brst to pei eive the flames
. : Watchm ter Johnson,
Avh'> blew the whistle on the ferry-boat
:.d afterward rang the
chur.-h bt-ws. The streets were soon
fjUed with an rowd. As the
a hurrying to the # »cene
.:t. in trying to get out of tne
•w:iy. Stumbled and fell. The wheels
■ er his chest.
• 1 was blowing from the
. and by va!i:mt work the
tie fire was stayed aft -r
hours' i: If it had not
i fire engine of the
ray Company an ex
-rution would have re
ft nd cottage, two
to 1.. Huffner, Jus
- ible, 1 1. Domer
: I ■ '.I's shoe store
- lerable lumber
■f the Duncan's Mills.:
Lumber Company was
.:.J the pumping machinery ■>:'
works was almos-t
s were ?o
ttling -.-. ith the flames.
bs will approximate $30,
' red for $"'"00 and
. smaller amoi
ths ago Bookki
lighted car.dle placed in
■'i • , thy floor of which
ith straw soaked in
il. A previous narrow escape
Lancashire Insurance
iny.ll ted, to tnk*- off its
"v The present fire is believed to
grin, but
,v to th>' miscreant. The
nsurance agents
.-ar»: making a vigorous Investibation.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
.-■. jlajor Steinberg , Additional Pay
■'■:":'' master of Volunteers, Ordered
:'■":•'' '.v" ■':. to San Francisco.
■. • IJN'ASfTINGTOX, Aug. 6.— Army orders
rJi^'Vbe.en issued as follows: Private Ten
.:'l>yhon . B. Dodson. Company B, Seventh
. : 'Vaiiifornfa inteer Infantry, now at
• ■ :C.: . rri j-> • Merritt, San Francisco, will be
": di <: char?r<'d 'from the service of the United
• .-Sit-.itf-s ;by the commanding officer of his
•• -ytailof:"' Artificer Frank L. Houston,
■ ••Company G, First Washington Volunteer
. .:.|nfsintry, now supposed to be at Angel
.•;' : is!and. Cal... will be discharged from the
'; >eryice: of the United States upon receipt
"*Osj;thlS order by the commanding officer
■ '.of his- station. Major Theodore Stern
■iif-fg'; additional paymaster. United States
■ ■-.VolUhteers, recently appointed, will pro
.-cfied to arid take Btation at San Francis
.-,.&?."• -Qal., and report in person to the com
•:• iriatiding general of the Department of
■.'.California and the chief paymaster of
' tSat^' department for duty. First Ser
-.••j?eTi"nt James J. Morrissey, Company D,
-• fe"nd; .Private Marshall Carrier, Company
:"#.",.•• -'lndependent Battalion, Washington
.'Ypluhteer Infantry, having performed
■'••tK*V riiith assigned them at Vancouver
■•."feitrr.&eks, Washington, will return to
■■ =th'-e ; ir -proper Btation.
■ ■.•■•Th.t- following fourth-class postmasters
• : fsr Onf-gon have been appointed: Perdue,
vfiavcgtaa County, Leonard L. Perdue, vice
r.•.John-Perdue,r .•.John- Perdue, resigned : Salmon, Clacka
• 'fK??B"C6unty. William Rosalsky, vice Win
■nle' .■Molntvre, removed; St< phenson,
/•.Douglas. County, C. D. Smith, vice George
W'/ Stephens, resigned.
-"•' ; The Treasury Department has appoint
'«d sev-f-n commissioners who wiil carry
\:biit- the" pure flour provisions of the war
• revenue bill.
'". -Pensions have been granted as follows:
CqlVfornia— lncrease— Kendell R. Taylor,
Qii-artz. $10 to $12. Mexican War widow,
-Mary J. Marshall. $S.
■Warfiington: Original— A. Cat
ifn; gpbkane. $6.
OrV'gon: Original— James Ewing. Port
"lamr'- %f>. Renewal and increase— Spencer
• Thomas, Oregon City, $2 2-3 to $6.
TWIN LAKES PBOPERTY.
Encouraging Report Submitted to
the Baptist Convention.
PANTA CRUZ, Ami? 6.— At the Baptist
. at Twin Lakes to-day, E. K.
ock and D. H. Parkhurst were or
and gave an encouraging
lltion of Twin LiLk<-.s
rty". Much improvement had been
• arid more was planned for the com-
Tne small indebtedness on the
m was nw-t by subscription*. It
ndertake to pay this year
due to the hnm«' State
:• wslm decided to raise $16,000
th-i- year for mission work In addition to
I endowment for the California
6bH< , ,
-line there was a missionary
i. v. B. F. Huddleson
The i -invention will close to-mor-
. • lade on fHrnltare and piano*, with
■ ;, r ; .,.> ■ . ;. ,•I.l'. 17-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
VSV S 809 Market Street, Corner Fourth.
«£COND FLOOR. FLOOD UUiLDING. RECEPTION ROOM-No. 7.
:. . PAINLESS EXTRACTION!
;".;.:• \«.M(I «f/fte Det/^ consultation FREE.
, \K H A/ '$/**. OUR SPECIALTY — Crown, Bridge
T^SsL > g&?LO»aL Gfcr> Work. PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
*^>-£&Z. '^3£**%a '—* < w3i The Clinic is always ahead in Advanced
' L_Jw f%f>4Bk <^^ Dental Science. No Students Employed.
■ •!£• S — '^&^<M"fMt~7^* -w tm Nb Charge for Extraoting when Plate* are erdered.
V : — WE^DO '■/7fj&£ : At^TnljJ FULL SET OF TEETH for.. .....fi 50 up
•"•"•FOR /Wtf 'tf^fy^ YOU<^ BRIDGE WORK.' 22k 'too'th'. '.'.!*.'. ".il !!*."' 350 up
FOR TffitJ- '3^'''^X\ YOU<^ BRIDOX WORK, i-er tooth 360 up
•-• y- t%X' /% ''\ -c- "" SILVER KILLING 25c up
. '..' --.,7 . WiS j& \'\ Extracted gold filling 75c up
T 1 - ' V ' jk. |;'| FILLED-- cleaning teeth ....-socup
EETH ipS J? Bdd^woA A Physician Always inAttendance.
WITHOUT PAIN. SKILLED OPERATORS— LADY ATTENDANT
Office Hours-^8 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 8 a. m. to 2 p. m. _
809 Market Str;et,' corner Fourth, Son Francisco.
MIGHTY STAR
POINTER'S FEAT
Pacing King Ties His
Own Record.
FASTEST MILE OF THE YEAR
ONCE AROUND A SLOW TRACK
IN 1:59 1-4.
Chehalis and Anaconda Add to Their
Laurels by Capturing Pacing
Events at the Colum
bus Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, OOf. f Aug. 6.-This was
getaway day at the Columbus Park.
Only four of the five events were fin
ished, on account of several of the races
being badly split. Fully live thousand
people were in attendance, attracted by
the announcement that Star Pointer
would attempt to lower the track rec
ord of 2:01%, made last year by Joe
Patchen in his race with Pointer. The
track was not as fast as it ordinarily
is under favorable conditions and teams
were working it between heats all day.
It was hardly expected that Pointer
would lower even the track record, and
when it was announced he had equaled
his record of l:S9tt, made last season at
Glenn Falls, the crowd went wild with
enthusiasm.
It was after 4 o'clock when Pointer
was brought out for the test. The
breeze which had blown up the stretch
at a merry clip for several hours had
died down and the pennant on the
judges 4 stand clung to the staff. The
first time Pointer was brought down to
the wire he did not have his stride and
went, almost to tfe half before he
turned back. It was about 4:20 when
- brought him down the second
time. The stallion was as steady as a
machine and Geers nodded for the
word. George Spear drove the pace
maker, a runner hitched to a sulky,
and the start was a beautiful one.
The crowd was on its feet before
Pointer was under the wire and there
was a painful silence until the stallion
n ached the quarter, when it was an
nounced that the time was :29H« This
brought forth a shout of exultation, for
it was seen Pointer was giving a re
markahV performance. There was an
other Bhout when Pointer reached the
half in :58% and still another when he
reached the three-quarter pole in 1:28%,
for it was then certain that the mile
would be under two minutr-s. As
Pointer rame into the stretch h;~
plowed up the dust as the bow of a
tug plowed up smooth water. There
was a smile on McCleary's face and
wh>-n the runneY moved up at the finish
Pointer pushed his nose ahead and k<-pt
it there until he passed under the wire.
A mighty cheer went up from the crowd,
for the next Instant the time, 1:59^4,
was announced.
The 2:05 pace was easily won by Che
halis, although Bumps and Pearl On
ward both sold for more money in the j
poota. The second heat, 2:o4\i. was the
fastest heat paced in a race this sea
son. Summari's:
2:CS pace, purse S2OO0 — Anaconda -won first,
fourth and sixth heats. Time. 2:06»», 2:07, 2:OS.
Sally Toler won third and fifth heats. Time,
2:'.: V 2:05%. Nicol B. Bessie Leach. Giles
Noyes, Milton S and William Wallace also
ran.
2:09 trot, purse $2000— Fred B v-on third,
fourth and fifth heats. Time. 2:ll«i. 2:11%,
2:11%. Tommy Briton won first and seoond
heats. Time. 2:O9Vi. 2:10. Pilot Boy third.
Dan Cupid also started.
2:o' »ace, jurse S2OOO — Cheha^ls won In
straight heats. Time, 2:07^4. 2:04%. 1:05%.
Bumps second; Frank Bogash third. Ananias
and Pearl Onwuird also started.
214 trot, purse J2ooo— Belle J won fifth, sixth
and seventh heatfi. Time. 2:m;. 2:1C»4. 2:lsVi.
Rose Croix won second and fourth heats. Time.
2:12%, 2:11*4- Wilbur won first heat in 2:12'-i
and was third. Thorn won third h^at in 2:11%.
Red Bee. B. 8., Medium Wood. Russo Greek,
Caracclla and Alves also started.
MICHAEL TOO FAST
FOR EDDIE M'DUFFEE
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 6.— Jimmy Mi
' chael'to-day defeated Eddie McDuffee in
! a 25-mile paced rare on the TVillow Grove
track, but McDuffee will probably protest
the race. McDuffee signed a contract to
' race Michael fifteen miles. The American
: - Cycle Racing Association, however, ad
| vertised the race to be twenty-live miles,
'■ and over 15.000 persons traveled to Willow
I Grove to witness it. There was cunsider
| able dissatisfaction when the spectators
. learned that the race was to be of but
■ fifteen miles. It was finally announced
i that McDuffee had consented to rid»- the
: twenty-five miles in order not to disap
point the crowd.
Th»-re was nothing remarkable about
' the race and no records were broken. Dur
ing the entire race neither rider got with
in ten seconds of the record. Michael took
the lead at the start and increased It to
I seventy-five yards at the end of the first
! mile, "in the second lap of the second
'■ mile one of Michael's pacing machines
' broke a chain, which allowed McDuffee to
gain on the midget. Michael, however,
! soon caught another fast team and at the
, end of the third led by 100 yards. McDuf
fee then began to cut down Michael's lead
i until on the sixth mile Michael was but
i twenty-five yards in front.
In the eighth mile Michael made a slow
i pick up and McDuffee had a chance to
| pass him, but slowed up rather than take
! the lead. It waa evident that neither man
was trying his best, and the spectators
I several times hissed the riders. At the
i end of the eleventh mile McDuffee offered
; tne spectators a littie excitement by
; catching a fast quint and passing Michael.
! From the twelfth to the eighteenth mile
| the men "loafed." On th" nineteenth Mi
chael spurted and regained the lead. From
here to the finish th< race became excit
ing. Both ny n did their beat. Michael led
by fifty yards at the beginning of the
tweafy-fiith mile. Try as he would the
Boston boy could not catch the little rider
I and Michael crossed the tape winner by
': thirty yards.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
BELGRAVIA AT
THIRTY TO ONE
Surprise of the After
noon at the Beach.
MAHER RODE THREE WINNERS
MISS TENNY RUNS VERY FAST
IN THE HANDICAP.
Students of Form Again Suffer
Financial Reverses at the
St. Louis and Harlem
Tracks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, Aug. 6.— The favorites were
beaten in the first five races this afternoon
and managed to capture the last two. The de
feat of Marito especially cost the talent a pret
ty mat sum. Belgravia was the surprise of
the afternoon, hlB price being 30 to 1. Maher
rode three of the winners. Eddie Jones piloted
Burlesque to victory at odds of S to 1. His
was j. great reversal of form. Autumn's win
makes him quite a factor In the Futurity.
First race, selling, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. >4. M-. *i. Str. Fin.
High Priest. 94 Maher 3 3 2 2 11
•Frohman. 86 Daly 1 1 11 In 2-
Landsdale, 101 O'Leary 0 0 0 3 3
Woodranger, 100 James 2 2 0 0 0
Blissful, 95 O'Connor 00300
Time, 1:41%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Tanis 104, Collateral 102, Philip 97 and Leo
Lake 96 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 3 to 1, 9 to
5 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, two-year-olds, five fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. '$• %■ Str. Fin. !
Belgravia. 93 McCue 0 0 3 11 |
Tyrba, M Songer 3 3 2 2ns
•Sir Florian. 95 0 1 lh 3
Highwater. 110 Doggett 2 0 0 0
Somers, 110 Slrams 0 2 0 0
Time 1:01 1-5. Won handily. Second and
third driving.
Windward 104, Spurs 104, Domineer 101, !
Hold Up 9S and Highborn i-;> also ran.
Straight o.lds against first three— 3o to 1, 7
to 2 and 3 to 2.
•Favorite.
Third race, three-year-old fillies, selling, five j
foxionj
Name and Weight. Jockeys. '4- **- Str. Fin.
Inspection, IC3 C iwman 0; 0 1 11
Fenetta, 95 ....: Moody -'032
lira TrumbHdKe. 100.0'Connur 112 3
•< >ur Breezy. 100 Songer 2 0 0 0
Princess of India. 103..Doggett 3 • 3 0 0
Time. 1:03%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
New-town Belle 103, La Ru?se 103, Lerete 100,
Miss Gossip 100, Grace Giltner 100. Effie Hag
gerty 100, Tent Pin 100 and Amelia D 100 also
ran
Straight odds against first three— l 3 to 1, 6to
1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorlt*.
Fourth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
j miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. >^. >i. %. Str. Fin.
' Burlesque. 108.. E. Jones 3 3 2 1111
•Marlto, M M '.y 1 1111212
1 Free Lance, U2....Doggett 0 0 0 3 3
Songster, 96 ....O'Connor 2 3 3 0.0
! Time, 1:47%. Won handily. Second and third
King T 108, Vanessa 101 and Pink Chambray
95 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— S to 1, 9 to
! E and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race. Test handicap, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. -i. »*. %. Str. Fin.
Miss Tenny. 101.... Maher 2 1 111113
•Imp Ogden, 126.Haml!ton 3 2 2 2 2
Sailor Ktng, 106 Slmms ln»3 3 3 3
Royal Stag, 118....Doggett 4 4 4 4 4
1 Time, 1:40V4. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Straight odds against first three — 11 to 5, 6
to 5 and 9 to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, six furlongs, the Futurity trial:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. U. %. Str. Fin.
i •Autumn, 115 Maher 2 211112
1 S'-annell. 10S Slmms 3 3 2 2 1
Tendresse. 115 Spencer 0 0 3 3
Mark Miles. 10S Doggett 11 11 0 0
Time, 1:1£& Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Lothario ICS also ran. •
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 6, 20
to 1 and IS to 1.
•Favorite.
Seventh race, handicap steeplechase, full
course:
•Royal Scarlet, 149, 6 to 5 (Cochran) 1
El Cid, 137, 15 to 1 (Barry) 2
Olindo, 152. 4 to 1 (Perm) 8
Time, 6:15. Won handily.
Decapod 144, Downing 145, Amus 135 and Baby
Bill ISS also ran.
•Favorite.
FAST TIME MADE AT HARLEM.
Form Students Come to Grief Many
Times During the Day.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Favorites did not cut
much of a figure at the Harlem track, and
■when John Bright, an odds-on one. was beat
en, th--re was no Joy In the hearts of the form
flgurers. Among the successful Jockeys were
little McNichols of California and "Long Shot"
Cor.ley. Frank Bell ran a very fast half-mile—
:47Hr. ami Kuun«l did a mile In l:40'/i. Dlggs'
wln*'was very surprising.
First race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. tf. %. Str. Fin.
Cyclone, 102 Conley 3 3 3 1!
Borden. 98 Flick 0 0 0 2 1
Dr Sharp. 88 J. Woods 12 0 3
Incetatus, 102 .../... .Neu-com 2 0 0 0
Fair Deceiver, 83.... Shepherd 0 12 lh 0
Carrie F, 100 H. Williams 0 0 2 0
Tim", 1:1S& Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Czarowltz 105, Little Alarm S3. Julia Hazel
83 Branch 95, Wauban 95, King's Highway 98,
Faster Eve 100. Don't Skip Me 100, Millie
M 100 La Prlncessa 100, Imp. Summer Sea 100,
Bryan 102, Daily Racing Form 103 and Oamon
105 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— s to 1, 15 to
1 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, mile and twenty yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. U- ft. \. Str. Fin.
George Krats, .Knight 0 1 2 2 1 h
Tranby. 107 Conley 0 2 3 3 2 1
The Tory 103 ..Thompson 0 0 0 0.3
Siddonian, 1C5....T. Burns 1 3 lh lh 0
Barltarla. 96 ..McXlchols 2 0 0 0 0
Queen Safle, -103. .Everett 3 0 0 0 0
Time, l:42 l/ 4.l /4. Won driving. Second and third
"♦Alvarado II 107, Chugnut 107 and Treeby 103
also ran.
Straight odds against first three— to 2. sto
1 and 32 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, two-year-olds, half mile:
Name and Weight.. Jockeys. %. Str. Fin.
•Frank Bell, 108 ..Everett 12 12 18
April's Lady, 100 .T./ Burns 3 3 2 1
Sonchon 103 N. Turner 2 2 3
Time. ':47%. Won easily. Second and third
F Etta il 100 Speeily Cass 100, F.onnie Saal 103,
Elsie O 100. ' Capsicum 103. Lemoon 100, Major
Eskrldge 103, Andes 103, Helen's let 100, Green
wich 100 and Cordial 100 also ran.
Straight odds— 7 to 5, 4 to 1 and 3 to 2.
•Favorite. . &}:%^i?£f<
Fourth race, owners' handicap, one mile:
Name and Wt Jockeys. 'A- x h, %■ Str. Fin.
Foun.l 90 McNlchols 2 4 23 11 Inl4
John llriKlit. 90.. T. Burns i 3 3 3 2
Mary Ulack. 50... J. RelfT 12 14 2 ..... 213
Time. l:40U- Won easily. Second and third
Straight odds against first three— to 1, 1 to
2 and 3 to 1.
Firth race, the Garden City handicap," six
U Name and Weight. \i. K. Str Fin.
Name and Weight. Jockeys «, % Str Fin
Hueh Penny, 105.....Cayw00.l 11 11 11 12
El i?s rßl^\.r^-.^Con?i y °3 °3 \h T
Traverser n'6 N. Turner 2 2 3 0
Time, 1:13. V.'on handily. Second and third
dr Forv*r 100 Eupenie Wicks 100, Dave Waldo
105, Richard J 110, Satsuma 117 and *Time
rra'ker m 4 odds ran.- * first three— B to 1, S
StralEht odU.« against first three— B to 1, 5
to 1 and 4 to 1. ■■
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, mile, and twenty yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. U . -.*■ %- Str. Fln^
Tn.lra 112 .....N. Turner lh lh 2 2 IV4
•Braw lid, 108.... J. 3 3 lh lh 2
N Tlm" 2 . 59 Won * Rose 2 Second' and th.'rd
Tiir?e U4L Won driving. Second and third
dr inconstancy 103 and Lew Hopper 110 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— ll to 6, 3to
2 and 4 to 1. ■- -' •> '
, -Favorite. .-, ___: 1 '
j Seventh race, selling, six furlongs: *
[ Dlggs, 102, 30 to 1 (H01den).. ....:..... 1
George H. Ketchum, 102, 6 to 1 (R05e)........ 2
Afamada 5 Wo'n^iS-by-iwo Ye-ngVhs 3
Timp 1-13 U. Won handily by two lengths.
Manila 93-. Amy Wade 10C .Lady CaHahan
100. Tenole 102, Our Gertie 102, Meddler 102.
•Sangamon 105, Treopia 105, Harry Galnes 100
and W C T 107 also ran.
•Favorite. .
SUFFEKING FORM PLAYERS.
A Dead Heat and Other Exciting
Events at the St. Louis Course.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 6.— The form figurers had
an agonizing afternoon at the Fair Grounds
track, favorites winning but one race out of
six and one managing to make a dead heat In
another. The fields were large, however. In
nearly every Instance. Nan Dora won the
third event at Juicy odds. Seldom have there
been bo many close finishes aa were witnessed
to-day.
First race, selling, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. J4. Ms. %. Str. Fin.
Watchmaker, 102 ..Snell 0 0 0 3.1
Mound City, 100..Gilmore 0 0 0 2 2
Lady Hamilton, 103..8105s 11113
Ben Frost. 100.... C. Clay 2 2 2 0 0
Time, l:2s?>4. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Glen Echo 107, Big Fellow 107, Ola Foster 105,
•Tragedy 105 and Lucky Monday 103 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— « to 1, 2H
to 1 and 5 to 2.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, mile and three-sixteenths:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
P of India. 95.. McDonald 3 112 3 lh
•Eva Rice. 91 C. Clay 0 0 0 12
Sunburst. 104 Blosa 112 1 2 3
Marquise. 99 .. ..S.^uthard 2 0 0 0 0
Lord Neville. 96 Lines 0 3 3 0 0
Time, 2:00%. Won driving. Second and third
T Q. S. Bush 102, Otto H 102, Fry 99, Slrena 99
and Briggs 92 also ran.
odds against first three— l 4 to 5, 8
to f> and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, handicap, five and a half fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
Nan Dora 96 Franklin 0 0 2 Ins
Mona B, 96 C. Clay 1 1 13 2h
Sir Gatlan, 106.. J. McDonald 3 8 3 3
Manila. 89 Kelly 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:10. Won driving. Second and third
•Flying Bird 106, Sir Blaze 100, Mountain
Dew 92 and Blenheim 90 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 3o to 1. 6
to 1 and 2\-t to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, owners' handicap, one and a j
sixteenth miles:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. M. Jfc. %■ Str. Fin.
•Forbush, ii Watson 3 2 3 li 13 H
Ed Farrell, 100.. McDonald 2 0 3 2 tl
Imp. Skate, 10O..Lendrum 0 3 0 3 3
Bounding. 76 Hiram 1 15 2 0 0
I Aunt Jane, 60 O t Netl 0 0 0 0 0
tDead heat. Time, 1:48>4. Both driving.
Straight odds against first three— 3 to 2, U
to 5 and 12 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, handicap, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Str. Fin.
• Gibraltar. 116 Lines 0 0 0 Ins
' Belle of Memphis, 102.. C. Clay 13 3 2
Purity SH Southard 3 2 2 3
H S Tobacco, 107. . ..OH more 2 11110
Time. 1:15. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Nick Carter 99, Picaroon 87, Ray B 82. Reefer
i 83 and Pat Murphy also ran.
Straight odda against first three— 4 to 1, 3 to
2 and 0 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, purse, mile and twenty yards:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. H. %. Str. Fin.
•Sir Rolla. 96 Lines 3 3 3 2 12
Pinochle. 96 Kelly 0 112 3 2 3
Klsme 101 Gilmore 2 0 0 0 8
Linda, 104 ..J. McDonald IVi 2 1 1 0
1 Time. l:43'i. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
l?as"iuil 107 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— 2 to 1, 11 to
1 5 and 9 to 2.
•Favorite.
Seventh race, purse, mile and twenty yards:
Name and Wt. Jookeys. ji- 1< j. %■ Str. Fin.
Foncliff. 107 Bloss 2 2 212111
Silver Set, 102 Lines 12 1 Ins Ins 2
Confession, I (| 2 • McDonald 3 3 S 3 3
I Time, 1:4Z& ww ° n handily. Second and third
i'.r ving'.
Elkln 107 Judge Steadman 106, Bill Dawdy
104, Stella 15 102. Babe Field 102 and • Domain
! 96 also ran.
Straight odds against first three— l 2 to a, 4
I to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
RESULTS AT SARATOGA.
Kentucky Colonel Takes the Grand
Union Stakes.
SARATOGA. Aug. 6.— Summary:
First race, five furlongs—
Rr. EichtwTK. 114 (T. Sloan). 2 to 5............1
Frances Booker, 1U (Clawsorw. 8 to 1 and 2 to
1 Z
Ellerdale, 107 (Cunnlnßham), 30 to 1 3
Time. 1:04V4.
Jorid, A N B and Grievance also ran.
Second race, six furlongs—
i Damlen, ISO (T. Sloan). 6 to 2.. ........ ..........1
: Hen Hadad. 116 (Knapp). 11 to 10 and 2to 0....2
i "Water Girl, S7 (Dupee). 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:17.
Mlschlefmaker and Columbus also ran. ■
Third race. Grand Union stakes, $4000, me
• and a half furlongs
! Kentucky Colonel. 123 (Clawson). 3 to 1........1
Martinmas, 122 (C. Sloan). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1....2
Sir Hubert, 122 (T. Sloan). 2 to 1 3
Time. 1:11.
Manuel, Bouncer. Galahad, Counselor, W ern
berg. Halftlme and Klntrimack also ran.
Fourth race, Henrlc stake, one and a slx
! Martha IC*OS (R. Williams). 4 to 1.... 1
LaVerock, 116 (Knapp). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Lillian Bell, 116 Cw. Martin). " to 1 3
Time, 1:53.
Bondada, Miss Miriam and Kenmore Queen
also ran.
Fifth race, steeplechase, about two miles—
Phlllelah. 109 (Hogan), 1 to 4 and out.. 1
Plutarch. 145 (Wynne). 4 to 1 and 3 to D........2
Hurry Up, 142 (Bracken). 5 to 1 and 4 to 0....3
Time, 3:33H- _
Butte Meeting Closes.
BUTTE, Aug. 6.— To-day closed the raco
meeting here. It has boen very success
ful from a financial standpoint. Results:
First race, six furlongs— Peixotto won,
Dorah Wood second, Lochness third.
Time, 1:13%
Second race, mile and a sixteenth—
Dolore won. Barracan second, Watomba
third. Time. 1:48%.
Third race, five furlongs— May Beach
w>n, Maud Ferguson second. El Mido
third. Time, 1:01.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth— Grand
Sachem won. Imp. Blackcap second. Ost
ler Joe third. Time, 1:66%.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs—
Bill Howard won, Jim Gore second, Rubi
con third. Time. :54%.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs-
Duke of York II won, Punter second,
Willmeter third. Time, l:10Vi-
Seventh race, five and a half furlongs-
Baby Ruth won. Trappean second, Maso
ero third. Time, 1:09.
Excursion Wins a Battle.
DETROIT, Aug. 6.— Results at Windsor:
First race, six furlongs. What Next won.
Koogmoosie second, Jenniu June third.
Time, 1:14.-
Second race, five furlongs. Triune won,
Rena Campbell second. Trimmer third.
Time, 1:02%.
Third race, seven furlongs, Fessy F
won, Tivoli second. Irksome third. Time,
1-28
'Fourth race, Merchants' stake, $1000.
five furlongs. Excursion won Pell Mell
II second, Yondotega third. Time, litttft.
Fifth race, one mile, Ray H won, Judge
Quigley second, Aunt Lida third. Time.
1'4 91 4
Sixth race, seven furlongs. Caddie C
won G. R. Longhurat second, Bagpipe
third. Time. 1:29.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, Tusculum
•won Midlo second, Utopia third. Time.
1:27»i. ____^
CLOSE SCORES THE
ORDER OF THE DAY
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ! Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..C4 32 .CGGlPtttshurjc ...49 44 .527
Boston ......58 33 .624 Philadelphia.^*? .467
Cleveland ...r.B 35 .624 I Louisville ...37^159 .355
Baltimore ...h2 37 .584 Brooklyn ...34 56 .378
Chicago 53 42 .s'.* Washington -32 59 • 3 *
New York ..50 41 .5491 St. Louis ...27 68 .254
LOUISVILLE. Aug. The Colonels,
dt.f eating Brooklyn to-day, moved up to
r.lnth place. Cunningham was hit har-1,
but good fielding kept the Trolley- dodg
ers' score down. Miller lasted but four
innings. Attendance 1928. Score:
Clubs- ! R. II." E.
Louisville - • •\ 10 8
Brooklyn * i* "
Batteries— Cunningham and Klttredße: Miller.
Yeager and Grim. Umpires— McDonald and
O'Day. •
CINCINNATI, Aug. The Reds won
the most exciting game of the season
from Boston to-day. Willla; was; not hit
as hard as Dwyer, but the latter was. in
vincible with . men on , bases. ' < With ' two
■ out; in the ninth inning Stelnfeldt doublea
and scored on Peitz's single. Attendance
6650. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Cincinnati 2 4 1
Boston 1 8 0
BatUriM Pwyr and Peitz; AVillis and Ber-
I gerf. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
PITTSBURO, Aug. 6.— The Baltimores
were shut out up to the ninth inning,
when by a wild throw by Gray and a hit
by Robinson, one run was scored. In no
inning did the visitors make more than
one hit. Kitson pitched well, but his
support was slow. Attendance 3500. Score:
clubs- R. H E.
Pittsburg: « • •
Baltimore 1 5 z
Butteries— Tannehill and Bowerman; Kitson
and Robinson. Umpires— Snyder and Connollj-.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Thorntons' good
pitching and backing allowed but one
Quaker to reach third to-day. Dononue
also did good work until the eleventh,
when two singles and an attempted sac
rifice that resulted in the Phillies' only
error gave the Orphans the game. At
tendance 1200. Score:
Clubs- R- H- E i
Chicago 1 /® f
Philadelphia 0 " . *
Batteries— Thornton and Donohue: Dononue
and McFarland. Umpires— Swartwood and
■Warner.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. Cleveland
easily defeated Washington to-day. The
Senators could not hit Powell. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Cleveland 5 7 1
Washington 1 » •
Batteries— Powell and Criger: Mercer. Don
ovan and McGuire. Umpires— Lynch and An
drews.
ST. LOUTS, Aug. 6.— To-day's game was
called on account of darkness at the end
of the tenth inning. Bad decisions by
Hunt cost the Browns the game. At
tendance 3000. Score:
date— R- H. E.
St. Louis 6 12 1
New York 6 14 2
Batteries — Taylor and Clements; Rusle and
Warner. Umpires — Emalte and Hunt.
Chess Game at Cologne.
COLOGNE, Aug. 6.— The morning ses
sion of the international chessmasters'
tournament to-day resulted as follows:
Schlechter disposed of Schallopp: A>bin
lost to Fritz, and Baker was beaten by
Sehiffers. All the other games were ad
journed in even positions. After recess
Showalter lost to Janoqski: Steinitz beat
Charoust-k and Conn defeated Hlnrich
son. The games between Tschigorin and
Burn and between Popiel and Gottschall
resulted in draws. The Berger-Schallopp
game, left unfinished in the fourth round,
was resumed to-day, and was won by
Berger. __^__
SANTA ROSA YOUNG
WOMAN DISAPPEARS
Police end Citizens Conduct a Vain
Search for Miss Florence
Payne.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. B.— The sudden dis
appearance of Miss Florence Payne, who
lived with the family of a well-known
citizen, has caused a great sensation
here. The girl left home yesterday morn-
Ing. The police and her friends are
prosecuting a vigorous search.
Miss Payne is L'O years of age and of
striking appearance. She had been suf
fering from melancholia for several
weeks and It is feared she may have at
tempted suicide. She had been in Santa
Rosa over six months. When last seen
by a party of campers, on the Sonoma
road, she "was walking toward the hills,
apparently very much agitated.
ENDEAVORERS NAME OFFICERS.
Lester Morse Elected President by
the Delegates at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 6.— The business
session of the Christian Endeavorers at
Garfield Park was held to-day and the
following: officers elected: President. Les
ter Morse of Santa Clara; vice-president,
lUrt Curtener of Irvington; secretary. A.
\V Mills of Palo Alto; corresponding sec
retary Dr. J. H. Durham of Irvington;
treasurer. Dr. J. D. Hodgktn of San Fran
cisco- superintendent of junior work. Mrs.
Henry Sh.-ulle of Sacramento; assistant
superintendent. Elda Cutler of Warm
Springs; editor, Rev. C. W. Jopson of
Los Gatos; superintendent of districts,
Sacramento, A. P. Soule; Fresno. Emma
Cameron; San Jos.-. Miss A. Deary: Bay,
Mrs. J. H. Woods; Napa, Miss Carolina
Rev. E. A. Cantrell of "Vaeaville
preached this evening. The convention
will close to-morrow.
Ends Life With Gas.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 6.— A' young man
who gave his name as J. Thomas, and
who arrived here two weeks ago from
Portland, committed suicide to-day In a
lodging house at 506 M street, by turning
on the gas in his room. When he arrived
here he announced that he intended to
engage in the grocery business. He left
a note saying that he was in financial
distress and in ill-health. He provided
for his funeral expenses, and left $10 to
pay his landlady for the use of the gas.
. ■*■ «
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush, I^arkin Pt9. ; swimming-. Ruß?lan, hot and
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
Mayor Phelan Gets a Ducking.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 6.— While Mayor
Phelan of San Francisco, who had been
out on the bay, was returning to the
shore to-day to answer a telegram, he
endeavored to effect a landing on the
stone steps on the cliff near Phelan Park,
taking hold of a lead pipe used as a rail
ing. The pipe was broken and he was
precipitated into the water up to his
waist. He succeeded in reaching shore
safely.
*
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY.
Grants diplomas and confers degrees. Rare
ounortunlties offered in music. One hour s ride
from San Francisco. Write for catalogue to
MRS C T MTT.T.S. President. Mills College
Postoffice. Alameda County, Cal. Thirty-second
year. Fall term opena August 3. IS3B.
"uniyersitT Academy, alameda.
OFFERS THE ADVANTAGES OF A RE-
flned home and a thoroughly equipped "ac-
credited" school. Term begins on August 2.
creo. W. W. ANDERSON. Principal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
(FOR BOYS— LIMITED).
Larire corps of teachers. Superior home ac-
commodations. Next term opens August 9,
:89S " IRA G. HOITT. Ph. P., Principal.
insTwEST'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS,
2014 Van Ness aye.; opens August 15 Certi-
ficate admits to Vaasar, W ellesley ana Smith
cMleires Accredited to the University of Cali-
fornia! ' Kindergarten in connection with the
school . Number of house pupils limited.
THE HAMLIN SCHOOL
(Van Ness Seminary). 1849 Jackson St.. S. F.
Term opens August 4. Departments school
u-i.rk from Kindergarten to College Prepara-
tory Course. Address MISS SARAH V. HAM-
LIN, MRS. EDNA SNELL POULSON.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
Select boarding and day school for young
ladies °126 I'alifornia St., San Francisco. Will
reopen August 1. Accredited to universities.
Seminary and full conservatory music. Pri-
mary department for children Carriage will
call. REV. EDWARD B. CHURCH. A. M.
A— THE LYCEUM PREPARATORY SCHOOL
—This school prepares students for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; its grad-
uates are admitted without examination to
Stanford University and Cooper College on
recommendation of the principal; references.
President Jordan or any Stanford professor.
Phelan building.
lAHW A RENCAN ENGINEER AND AT-
JUIIn A- DLWjUII) TOKNEY— SOB Montgom-
I cry St., San Francisco, Cal. Land scrip
1 for sale. Surveyed and unsurveyed lands lo-
cated and patents scoured anywhere in the
' United States without settlement. Timber and
i grazing lands bought and sold. I represent
specially cases arising before the Internal Rev-
I er.ue and Treasury Departments. Also cases
I arising under the regulations governing the
! tariff and trade of the Hawaiian and Phillp-
i pine Islands, and the war revenue law. M>
business will have the attention of eminent
Washington attorneys.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For home decorations — orna-
menting shelves, parlor chairs, ta-
bles or tabourettes. Broken assort-
ment of colors, in Persian and floral
designs, 32 inches wide. What we rt _
have always asked 50 cents for, Vn
but as there are but few yards of vU
each color, price now is Cts.
Hosiery
Ladies 1 tan Richelieu ribbed lisle
thread hose, sell reguiarly for 50 cents.
We purchased them from an Importer Ok
who was overstocked, thus enabling us '■*'
to offer them at Cts.
Ladies' Hermsdorf fast black Richelieu QC
ribbed lisle thread hose, sold before for L J j
50 cents, present price Cts.
Ladies' Hermsdorf fast black fine gauge j
white-foot hose, regularly 35 cents, but yK
by an exceptional purchase we can uyJ I
sell for Cts - 1
Ml of above goods on Sole agents for Columbia
sale at both stores. kid gloves.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS^ & FROHMAN,
107-109 Post Street. 1220-1222-1224 Market Street.
DAWSON
CITY
And Yukon River Points.
Direct Connection via ST. MICHAEL.
Elegant Steel Steamship
LEELANAW
300 Passengers: Capacity. 3000 Tons Freight, i
Now loading at Howard-street Wharf.
Will Have Prompt Dispatch. .
Freight to St. Michael $15 per ton.
Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
Liebes Building. 139 POST ST.
rV^i f *^ Jand TUMOR
J i^^^^^^T^ N0 KNIFE or PAIN
No Pa y Until Cured
p8BBBBB&£^Bl^» Any lump in a woman*
7"*?\:-I_ '*-%.^:' *.','_ bre«!-Ms cancer. The poi- |
fejfettt^^^stty^.'^mj sen quickly goes to arm-
f■ . '*'-'I-'4—j ; ■ '': -L p.t. Iflarpeltlstoolate. j
JMBEB^BHi^B^^^^ lieu '» face and lip a com-
/p^ab?^£i£s%*^ tj% I «o-i"Anc 'Rook Bent free i
m |9 I^^ M M I wltbhnndreds oriddresaes ■
M&^^^ *$*&&' ofton.et cures. So Fhhtj.
S. R.CHAMLEY, M. 0.. 17 & 1 7 Third ST.. N'B MARKET ST.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER I
||j[gpl)PT[IRE
§r^W^^^- f* l l Ff F-" n
B y>wv N We have hundreds of letters
similar to the following now on
file at our office:
OCCIDENTAL. Sonoma County, Cal.
February 28, 1898.
Dr Pierce & Son— Gentlemen: I -wish to In-
form you that the Magnetic Elastic Truss
which I Durchased at your office the 6th of last j
December CURED ME OF RUPTURE WITH- j
IN TWO MONTHS. I am over CO years of age. j
"There Is no mistake about the fact that your ,
celebrated Truss will positively CURE RUP-
TURE and I hereby heartily recommend it to
all rup'tiired persons. Your, sincerely
C b. CULd^lrto.
C7lf you don't want to remain ruptured and |
have to wear trusses all your life, you should !
call at our office or send 2c In stamps for our I
"Pamphlet No. 1," and learn how to get cured. .
Address
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 MARKET ST.,
Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
ADMINISTRATOR'S AUCTION!
MONDAY AUGUST, 15, IS9S.
At 12 O'clock Noon, at Salesroom.
JOSEPH P. HALE ESTATE.
IS-20-22 and 24 Oak street, 6 2-story and j
basement houses of S rooms, bath, bay win-
dows, brick foundation, stone walks, etc., eachr j
rents $180; 137:6x120; as a whole or in 3 equal
subdivisions.
NOTE— No. 314 is to be sold subject to the
homestead right of fhe widow for llf«.
SALT MARSH AND TIDE LANDS.
Lots 6 and 15. block 042.
Block 749.
Lots 1 to 8 and 21 to 24, block 735.
Lots 9 and 20, block 55, subject ' to assessment
for paving Kentucky street, amounting to $220.
Lots 9 to 20, block 746.
CATHERINE WALLACE ESTATE.
1309-9V4 Lyon street, between Geary and Post
streets; 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms, bath; large lot.
THERE PROPERTIES MUST BE SOLD TO
CLOSE THE RESPECTIVE ESTATES.
Further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
Sn/S
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if th ey »„
wr*ng. For »il these pains, irregulwitie* and dlffi«ulti« co
remedy on earth Q Ei«lr»TP!»eJ byladjher-
eauils ihr f»mon»33«« *Kll> »elf. Believe* all pain
*JeaKOs£ In \Ton,h or Or.rle. In 10 minute*.
flSysSftS Promptly re!i«T« Ilervtarh*, N»u»a, Blood »nd
ESv^aH Bladder trouble?, Faintnrss.Krirousnrvi, Fear j
Kpera| and I>F«ponJfnc!T. t'nren Lfticorrhcti. Womb
at j&Sj Complaints, Replacements, Ilaekaehe, Keiring
'XS^ Hjji Pown Fnins an J Female Di^orden. jttfS\^
i njj^" « n '» hc * Soreness and Ulcer3tion^./-HTt'\
C/K^ -^K^thcem th<) jpirits and Vitalize* CjLJJ :
™ V4>JBjP» :r/ th'? win. 1* frame. Sufi', Sure and ■wai i;ity
Abunlutely Hormlcwi. onB 6O ornt box will W
CtFißVaiT bill! 'by all druggists. I
U I Uiw ALL rAIN joi mailed m plaia wrapper on receipt |
IN 10 ThePrrfecto Co.Cuton Bld(. Chicago i
Sold by Owl Drug Co., San Francisco and
Oakland. ■ - ■ .
Ep4| CThlebeeter'a EnffU»h Dlsraocd Brand. *~
PChlehecter's Eacllth Diamond
ENNYROYAL PILLS
» /"IS\ Original and Only Qennlne. A.
f'.Sk C«4w!k Drn^fijt fcr ChichcMert Knqlith Via/jfkK
t^^'S-"^ *"•<»«< Brand in l£rd »dil Void ni-tallio\\jar
TgT^LJ'^jtifeb'axM. aealcd with tlue ribbon. T«ko VST I
I*l S(^ WMno other. Rrfutt. dangtrmu tyibttim- V
I"/ — fw Hint and imitation*. At Dru-;Ut2. or wnd 4«. :
I (^. JJf in mmpi for paxlleulari. teatimonUU ar.d I
\w So Kelief ft*r I. ollca," inUtW. \>y rclnrc
Jk^ IT MelL 10.000 T-tlooDlalt. ifmmt Paper. ,
v ——/^Chl"Hci'ter Ckcmlcal Co.,Mt>4l«on Bq»«r% ■
t»l4 ej aU Local OroMlst*. PWttA »»A^ VA
WONG WOO,
f* l^ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
tWONG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM.
y&^gt 764-66 CLAY ST., B»nFr»aci«oo,C»V
' — <<ffl?iSfLnCn All <3isea.«es cured exclualT^-
vs*lW^lsV ly by Chines* herb*, over 300»
Ye^jP'wM'^V^ varieties bclnx used. ADVICS
I FREE. - Hours, 8 M to U » m.. I tg 3 &o4 1U , ;
Ip.HL I
Taffeta dress silks for waists
and suits ; very desirable, being a
combination of colors in blacks,
navys, greens, cerise red and
pinks, in stripes and checks, 2Q\ j 1%
inches wide; regular sl.oo goods, I O
price per yard now . Cts.
Underwear
Ladies' medium-weight ribbed under-
vests; long or short sleeves, siik-finishea
front, tied with silk ribbons, usual price
40 cents. The manufacturer had more
than he could readily sell, so we pur- Ok
chased them with the distinct under- *"^
standing to sell them for Cts.
Cotton drapery goods, crepe effects,
printed in rich colors, tinseled, 30
inches wide, suitable for home decora- Q
tions; ordinary price 125-i cents a **
j yard, now Cts
|w PALACE «*S|
%GRAND usiMkMZ
Z. BAH FRAHCISCO. q
" Connected by a covered passageway. Tf .
O 1400 Rooms— OOO With Bath Attached. "
O All Under On* Management. O
A NOTI THE PRICES: Q
T European Plan. «l. oo per day and p ward n
0 American plan.sS.OO per day and upward V
f% Correspondenc* Solicited. Q
X 'OHH 0. KISEPATBIOK. lusfei. Q
000000000000000
DR.MSNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
J. Specialist Private .Nervous.BloodandSkln
X)i<ieaseB of Men onjj/. Boole on Private Disea«?s
and Weaknessesofilen.free. Over2oy ears' experi-
ence. Patients cured Home. Terms reasonable.
Hours9to3daily:6::»toB:.Toev'gs. Sundays. 10 to 12.
Consultation sacredly priviite. Call, or address
I>p. F. ROSCOK 3Ic.XCL.TY,
•iW< KearnF St., San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodislae and specific tonlo
for the sexual ! and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidnej-s and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invitrorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own,
Merits: no long- winded testimonials necessary.
NADER, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
823 Market street, S. F-— (Send for Circular.)
i£2f!!|Dß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
SsSoikSS Five hundred reward lor any ca»»
Efl VB we cannot cure. This secret remedy
E) stops all losses In 24 hours, cure*
B"gf |9| Emissions , Impotency, Varicocele.
7Tf* cWfl Genorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
UeMl \i!ill I^° st Manhood and all wasting eN
Jefl MM fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
egWTjgSft* sealed. f2 bottle: 3 bottles. *5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALLS MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Bt>adway, Oakland, Cal. Al*»
for sale at 1073^ Market it.. S. F. All pri-
rats diseases quickly cured. Send for fre* book.
******* **•••***•**•**
J ALHA/WBRA {
J Saturday, September 3d J
■•; ******** **** *** ******
U/.T.HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. «2l California st.. below Powell.
San Francisco. -
OGSAB XBAV3L.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h^ Steamers leave Broadway
VJ3fc^^^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
nSSE^Rh^ For Alasl ■ ports. 10 a. m.,
tfiPfC^S^ AURUFt 4, 9, 14. 19. 24, 29, Sept},
Hk WMlfiara transfer at Seattle.
HB^TBI wi For Ala?kan ports (from
OKcCrijHU Spear-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^^S^^B August 3, 23, transfer at Port-
lani. Or.
For Vlctr-:i. Vancouver, (B.
C•* Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 2?. Sept 3. and every
fifth day thereafter, -meeting at Seattl? with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.. at Tacoma wit- N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
For Eureka" (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m. Aug.
6, 12. 18. 24, 30. Sept 5 and every sixth day
thereafter. _ _,:
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cavucos. Port Harford. (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Aug. 1. 5. 9 13. 17. 21. 25. 29.
Sept 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopninir only at Port Har-
ford (San Lui.s Obispo) Santa Barbara. Port
Los Anzeles and Redondo (Los Anjreles). 11 a.
nf Aug. 3 7. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27. 31. Sept. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. -"vT'
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th of
every month.' ... .
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar r">"r«i nf satllie-. .
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street fPalace Hotel). ■
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
; From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Includine Berths
rnllL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ............Aug. 3, 13. 23. Sept. 2
State of California. July 30 ,Aug. 8, 18, 23, Sept. 7
St Paul $16 00|St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chlcaso .27 50
Omaha 16 00 1 New York 31 00
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
•■-'»".; ■ .-. 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents. _
Compagnie Generale Transatlantiqiie.*
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North j»^». rM .
River, foot of Morton et. • Travelers <Tt/J2^
by this line avoid ■ both transit by «*•*** <»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing;
t the channel in a small boat. V New Tork to
j Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, , flret class, $140;
! second class, $116. • • •■ - : .
1 LA HRETAGNE Aug. 13. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 20. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Aug. 27. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE ~ Sept. 3, 10 a. m.
I. A CHAMPAGNE Sept. 10. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
i COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
! TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green. Npw Tork.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
, aye., San Francisco. ,
@[l&|£9£ejia,*alls Honolulu and
I Si Auckland for Sydney
y ~^— 7^-^ Wednesday. August 10.
Sfr^rn^ninJ Line' to COOLGAR-
CylCdllDillU 1 - rj lE . Australia, and
7QflilJr}3fllJ~ CAPE TOWN. Sout*
\yiHf-ynq Africa.
J. D. BPRECKEL3 BROS. CO., Agents.
I 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Marlcet St.. San Francisco.
FOB 0. S, RAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Sttamtr "Monticello."
Mon.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at.... ........
■ 9:45 a. tn., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thur«.)
Fridays •.....'..".. 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. ' -n.
Bundavs '.-..."......*.,.> 1" 30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pl«r I.
' : : Telechone P.ed 2241. .
1112
PAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 ->'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
38? Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61". Larkin street; open until S:3O o'clock.
1541 Mission street; open until 10 o'cVock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
ICO Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets, open until S o'clock.
t 111 IKH NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
bli ck, 223 Gutter st., between Kearny and
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons,
11 a. m. anil 7:45 D. m. Subject, muniing.
'"Soul"'-; evening, "Elijah's Realisation of the
Omnipotence of God." Sunday school for
children. 11 a. m. Testimonial meeting
Wednesday, at B p. m. All are welcome..
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner P.. well
and Geary sts. Rev. John HemphiU, D.D., j
pastor. Services at 11 a. ru. and 7:45 p. m. !
The sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be
observed at the close of the morning service.
Music, morning: "To Deum" (E flat), Kroell;
offertory, "The L rd Is My Light"
soprano solo, Mrs. Priest-Fine. Music, even- :
ing: Patriotic service. The Rev. J. G. j
Schlelmann, chaplain of. the Kansa6 Re_l- j
ment, will deliver the address. Appropriate
music. All are made welcome.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D.1)., pastor. Rev. K. H. Jenks, co- ;
pastor. Services, preaching at 11 a. m. In
the evening at 7:45 o'clock there will be a
patriotic praise service '.\ith appropriate inu- j
sic. Sabbath-school at 12.45 p. m. To these ;
services all are cordially welcome.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
• Rev. Juhti Stephens, pastor; residence, 308
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
' m. The paster will preach at both services. >
Topic at 11 a. m., "Acquaint Thyself With
God, ' and at TMS p. in.. "An Eternal Prin-
ciple Illustrated by Spain's Defeat." Sun- :
day-school at I_:2(J p. in., C B. Perkins, su-
perintendent. Epworth League meeting at;
ti .so p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
Ing at 7:45 o'clock. The public cordially :n- !
vited to all the services of this church. Seals
free. Ushers in attendance. MMsummer re-
: Thursday evening, the 11th lnst.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion St.. between S;x:h and Seventh — Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Class meetings at :' .30 a..m.. 12:30 p.m. Morn- !
ing service 11 a.m. Subject: "What California
Owes to the Pioneer Preacher. Sunday-school |
X p.m. Mr. Rollo V. Watt superintendent. I
. Christian Endeavor 6:15 p.m. Evening sermon
7:45 p. m. Subject: "Peace With Spain and j
Our New Responsibilities." Midweek prayer
and praise, Wednesday, 7:45 p. m. This is a
. people's church. Everybody invited. All
• seats free.
FIRST Unitarian Church, corner Geary and
Franklin Bts.— Rev. Horatio stebbins, D.D..
" pastor. Sunday m ruing services at 11 o'clock.
Subject. "The Charity of Christendom in
Time of War." Sunday-school at 9:46 a. m.
All strangers we:
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts., Rev. George C. Adams. D.D.,
Last'.r, will preach morning and evening.
Murning service. .1 o'clock; theme, "The
People Against Whom God Had Somewhat."
Evening service, 7:45; theme. "God's Prom- :
Ise to Be ar the Dew." Sunday school and !
3ible classes at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.. j
6:45 p. r.i. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and
choirmaster.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. |
an-i 7:4r. p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. \
Rev. F. B. Cherington. D.D., pastor, will j
preach morning and evening. Morning sub- j
lei t. "Christ the Supreme Gift of God." fol-
lowed by the communion of the Lord's Sup- I
per. Evening subject, "The Bin of Heedless-
ness." The public cordially invited. !
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ— Or- i
ganized In 1830 by divine command. Is the
opening of the dispensation of fullness of :
times. The angel message of Rev. xiv:6, 7.
Meets at .";20 Post st. Preaching 11 a. m. by
John A. Sax-r and 7:4". p. m. by George S.
In. Strangers invited. All welcome. C. '< '■
S. Parkin In charge,
THE First Divil • Church— M. E. j
I'ranjer pastor. Discourse by Mrs. E. T>. \'■
Zearing. Subject, "Unto This End Was I
Born." Services at 11 a. m. In Yosemite
Hall. Native Sons' building. Mason St.. be-
tween Geary and Pest. All are welcome.
ASS CIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis!
. sts.— Patriotic union mass meeting this after- j
■ noon at 3 o'clock. Address by Rev. E. A
Woods. L>. D. Special muelc. Mrs. Eva M. -
Tenney will sing "The Star-spangled Ban- ;
ner." Violin sol- by Miss Alice M. Woods. \
Tenor solo by Arthur Maeurdu. A most in-
teresting service. The public invited.
HEALING the sick and gospel sermons by
Rev Pram la Warnon, assisted by Rev. A.
:.. Mills Taberna.-le, Oakland, daily at 6;
:hs, 2 and 6. Bring your rick.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood— Lodge N J
• Theosophical Society In America.)
(international Brotherhood League.)
819 Market st. Lecture to-night. "The Effect
of the War With Spain on Universal Brother-
hood, or Ex Bello Tax," by Rev. W. E. I pe-
land; Tuesday night. "Tho Physical Body";;
Saturday night. "The Cause of Crime."
THEOSOPHICAXi Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at S o'clock, in Fra-
ternal Hail." Odd Fellows' building, corner
Seventh and Market sts. To-night. "Dreams. "
by Mlas Marie A. Walsh. Lotus circle for
children at 2:30. Ixirlge meeting Wednesday,
at S. Class conducted by Miss Walsh Satur-
days at 8. All meetings open to the public.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
MRS. J. .1. WHITNEY
Will give a grand test meeting (names of
spirits given in full, with messages, personal
questions answered) this, Sunday evening, 8
o'clock sharp, at 305 Larkin st. ; admission
lQc; residence, 232 Stockton st.
OAKLAND Psychical Society holds meeting at
Fraternal Hall, Washington St. MME. FLOR-
ENCE MONTAGUE will address the audi-
ence and answer questions.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society, 909 Market
St.; 11, free; 2-8, 10c; Mrs. Seeley, Vigers,
Barckley. Dr. Carpenter, Dr. R. C. Office, 935
Market st.
MME. YOL'NG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister st. ; come, skeptics.
TEST meeting to-night — Mesdames Robinson,
Tobias, Griffin, Drew. Sixth and Market; free.
TEST meeting:, 2 and 8 p. m., 10c; 335 McAllis-
ter: Stltt, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave. Butler, others.
C. MAYO-STEERS, 112V4 Oak st. ; circles Tues-
day, 8 p. m. ; Thursday, 2 p. m. ; readings, $1.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing etherealizlng
seance, 8 p. m.. 50c. 409 Leaven worth Et.
DON'T fall to see the king of mediums. LEAN-
DER. aOS Eddy St.; test circle to-night.
~~~~ MEETING NOTICES.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. >>)»**&*,
F.— Funeral detail meet THIS 3gss3>Sd=
BUNDAY, at 11:30 a. m., in our
lodge room to attend the funeral -'■Wilw
of our late brother, E. DUSENBERY.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
THE St. Andrew's Society will eel- . v.
ebrate the 127 th anniversary or ihe j)u 7j>.Tj
' birth of Sir Walter Scott on Fri- YOLjpr
day evening, August 19, in Scot- *•£=£*»
tish Hall, 100 Larkin st. Songs, readings
from the works of the poet by wall known
artists. An address will be delivered by Mr.
David Edward Collins on the "Life of the
Poet." Admission 25c.
JAS. S. WEBSTER, President.
A. C. BALLINGALL, Secretary.
EIGHTH annual picinc of the County to*ef(*ft>
Leltrlm Social Club will be held at \7 S
Harbor View Park on SUNDAY, vVCjf
August 21. New attractions. Valu- CCVj£»
able prizes. Admission 25c. Soldiers *TCfc
free. P. M. McGUSHIN, President.
M. J. MORAN, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
precess from Sara i:. Reamer, In the lv:n-
berton Gravel mine near Forest Hill, Pla- i
cer unty, to deposit tailings in Baltimore !
and Dardanelles canyons, and from Penrose i
& Harker, in the Hull P.un mine, near Relief
Hill, Nevada County, to deposit tailings in a
ravine below the mine, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at r*om 59, Flood build-
in?, San Francisco, Cal., on August 22 Is9B
at 1:30 p. m.
REBEL CORK Benevolent Association will
hold the twelfth annual picnic at Shell Mound
■ Park, Berkeley, SUNDAY, August 7, IS3B.
Valuable gate and game prizes will be con-
tested for. Music by a union band. Professors
McCarthy and McMahon will attend to the
reel and Jig dancing. Tickets of admission
for adults, 60 cents; children under 12 years,
free. R..atf> leave ferry, foot o« Market Bt.,
every half hour for Park. See programme for
further information.
spECIAL| NOTICES^
ANY person having Morning Call flle of 18C0-
61-62 or 18C3 that contains a petition at Its
length over the Bignature.of Peter T. Secu-
lovich to San Francisco Board of Supervisors
for a block of land No. 60, W. A., by pro-
ducing to him the same or a certified copy, or
any Information of the time, as two thou-
sand petitions followed It, or Its natural
ground and his occupation of it. or having
■ municipal reports of 1860-61-62-63 and 1867-68, or
knowing of one living, Mr. Carter, that owned
. and k.-pt a grocery stor* in 1860 on Filbert
st., between Powell and Mason, will be rea-
sonably paid.
PETER T. SECULOVICH. 3241 Mission st.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
BAD tenants ' ejected for $4 ; collections mads,
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6SM.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing. j
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALB.
YOUNG woman would like a position as house-
keeper in respectable widower's home. Box
YWO3. Call office.
WOMAN wishes a situation aa housekeeper.
Box W. W. 03, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse, with good ref-
erences, wishes place In city or country. Call
or adjre63 1575 Market st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman will assist In nice
family where she will have good home; small
wages; good plain cook ; good references. Box
T. TO. OS, Call office.
GIRL. 15 years old wants a place to do houss-
work or nurse. 4C Decatur st.
ENGLISH widow, n.udlc-aged, desires posi-
tion as housekeep-er or companion to an in-
valid; is competent; refined and amiable; no
objection to travel; fond of children; refer-
ences. Box A. E. 0., 03 Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist it. liffl
housework. Please call at 327 Clementina *
YOUNG lady would like position aa house
keener In family of means. Address O. L
box 24, Call office.
GERMAN girl would like wa-shing and house
cleaning; $1 10 a day. Address st)& Minna st
rear.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as cook In pr
vate family; wages $25. Call 4US Misslssipp
GERMAN woman wishes situation to do gen
eral housework or keep hou«e; good plal
cook; $10 to Jl2 per month; city or counto
61S Howard St., upper.
SWELiHH woman wishes situation as coo
in country in first-class family; city refer
ences. Box 301. Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires position in a ho
tel or boarding-house; chamber or laundr
work; good references. 2759 Mission st.
ELDERLY Protestant woman would like po
sition aa housekeeper; any distance in coun
try; is a good plain cook. Call or addres
22^, Seventh st. _
WOMAN wishes to do housework; good cook
1 Essex place.
WANTED— By a young lady, position as visit
li'.g or resident governess; English branches
French and Latin; references given and re
quired. Address box 14H, Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged lady and daughter
positions as cooks on ranch or sawmill; ca
give reference. Address box D. W. (03), Ca^
MOTHER and daughter want positions to cool
for party going to Klondike; can give goo(
references. Address box M. A. <03), Call.
GERMAN giri wants position at general house
work and plain cooking.. Apply at 1422 I'acifU
POSITION wanted by an English woman aa
nurse or housekeeper. 318 Jessie st.
DRESSMAKER, first-class designer and fitter
wishes position for coming season to tak
charge In establishment outside of San Fran
Cisco; understands tailor gowns; best refer
ences. Address MISS R., •'Modiste," SO
California st. _
EDUCATED lady nurse, good reader, very com
panlonable, wtshes home and small compensa
tto.n with nice people; do plain sewing; city o
country. Address box itH3. Call office.
rOUNG elr! would like to do copying or offlc
work. Address Soi» Guerrero Bt.
SWEDISH woman wants washing and Ironing
by the day; $1 50. Address 3255 Twenty-sec
ond St., near Valencia.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagements, Jl 25:
good fitter; dresses made over; suits made In
two days. Address L.. 252G Mission st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day or house
cleaning; wage 6 11 per day and car fare. Cal
or address MRS. McMEEKIN, 6'J? Birch avf
GIRL wishes situation to do general house-
work; good cook; wages $20. 615 Pierce st.
between McAllister st. and Golden Gate aye
WOMAN Wishes situation as working house-
keeper or light housework; no triflers: city
or short distance In country. Call 92u Jackson
DRESSMAKER from East, first-class cutter
and fitter, goes out by tha day; makes a suit
In 1 day. 352 Fell st.
STOUNG lady would like work; any kind, ex
cept housework; has had experience aa sales
lauy; reference. Address <Oj Post et.
DRESSMAKING— TaiIor-made suits a special
ty; evening gowns and children's work. 299
Hyde st.
PROFESSIONAL nurse, 16 years' experience
good home, no lncumbrance, can give first-
class reference, wishes care of invalid. Box
346. Call office.
A' ANTED— Lady with little girl desires posi-
tion as working housekeeper; would try any
thing; must have employment. Address Mn
A. !>.. 143" Mission St.
i'OUNG woman with experience at nursing
would like a position to care for an Invalid
or as companion to elderly lady; reference
jrlven. Box 386, Call office.
STYLISH young dressmaker, perfect fitter
w.-uld like to go out by the day. II and car
fare a day. Address box 378, Call office.
REFINED, sober, middle-aged woman desire
position; good cook and housekeeper; good
nurse in confinement. Apply at 230^ Fulton
PIT ANTED — By competent woman work by the
day; good laundress; 1150. 433 Larkin Bt.
Eastern dressmaker, formerly
with leading firm in New York, wishes sew-
ing by day or at rooms; ladies' tailoring a
specialty. E. R_ K_ Pop st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wishes to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; references. 51S
Mr a Ulster st_
COLORED, experienced, cook would like a sit-
uation in a private family; good city refer-
ences. 1102 Taylor st.
3ITUATION wanted as sick nurse or as at-
tendant on Invalid lady; references given and
required. Address box 355. Call Office.
SVANTED— By neat reliable lady, position as
working housekeeper or care of Invalid; 2
years' references. 2621 Bush st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— BIAL.K.
COMPETENT and reliable man wishes situa-
tion around private place to tajie care of
horses, garden, milk, etc.; good references.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton at.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 O'Farreil Bt. : tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1397. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
SITUATION wanted by a ftrst-clajre book-
keeper and accountant; highest references.
Address box 300. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a strong active young
man in wholesale house; moderate salary if
given a chance to advance; references fur-
nished. Box P. R. 03, Call.
POSITION by middle-aged man In hardware I
business; 11 years' experience; also ac-
quainted with general merchandise busi-
ness; understands bookkeeping; salary low;
references. G. W. 8., box 96, Golden Gate,
Alameda Co., Cal.
COACHMAN wants situation; understands
gardening; thorough horseman; city refer-
ences: single. Coachman, box 4, Call office.
BOY of 16 would like to learn plumber trade.
108 Berry st., near Third. I
GERMAN, 36, wants a place to do house and ;
garden work; handy with tools; city or Ala- :
meda County; $12 to $10. R. X., box 322, Call.
BOY of 18, having 2 years' experience, would '
like situation to run electric elevator. Ad- ;
dress A. R., box 420, (all office. i
JAPANESE wants nituatlon; willing to do any :
kind of second work. Address box 121, Call. |
BOY of 17 with some experience wants posi-
tion in tailor shop. Box 344, Call office.
COUPLE want situations to do cooking, gar-
dener, stableman; speak English and French.
2?a< Montgomery ave^
MAN with large 2-horee express —agon would I
like position where he could use them. Ad- j
dress box 104, Call.
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer; '
is an all-around mechanic; can give good
reference*; had 12 years' city experience. Ad-
diess 2*53 Harrison st. \
YOUNG German, very strong, speaks some'
English, wishes work of any kind; has ex- ;
perlence tending bar. Box 401, Call office.
SITUATION wanted to learn cooking; no ;
wages expected. CHARLES STEVENS, 22
East st.
SITUATION bs miller: 10 years' experience.
Address box 330, Call offlct.
MAN about place; Dane Gardener; steady and
sober; underptandß the rare of horses, cows; j
in private family; small wages and good 1
home; references. Box 415. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar- !
kft; 200 roonn; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6 '■
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bappage to and from ferry. !
HELP WANTED— FEMALB.
FOR MONDAY
Head waitress for a railroad eating house, '
$2fi and room, fare advanced; head waitress, !
city, $25; 5 waitresses, city $20; 6 restau-
rant waitresses, $5 a week; 2 chambermaids,
aEHiet wait, n«sj city, $20; waitress, second-
class hotel, near city, $20; waitress, Com-
mercial hotel, Santa Cruz, $20; Bakersfield,
$20: Fresno, $25.
Paniry woman, $25, country hotel; work- ,
ing housekeeper, small country hotel, $tO. C-
R HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
ALSO 25 family house girls, second girls, cooks, ;
laundresses and nurse girls. $12 to $30. C. R.
HANSEN fc CO.. JO4 Geary st.
NEAT girl, light housework, American family, |
city. $15; girl for chamberwork and waiting, |
plain country hotel, $15, fare paid. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-836 Clay st.
YOUNG girl or middle-axed woman for light I
housework ; $8 per month. 716 Franklin st.
SIX girls, general housework, $26; 8 girls, sec-
ond work, $10 and $18; working housekeeper.
City Employment Office, 1023 Market st.
THE SA_ST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ATJGLST 7, 1898.
HELP Continued.
TO the hop fields of California, women, child-
ren and families wanted; 80c to $1 per 100 tbs:
good camping ground and water. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay st. •
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit,
at Cutting Fruit Packing Company, 1150 Har-
rison st.
HOUSEKEEPER for working man: widower,
two children; state ase and lowest wages.
Address box 337, Call office. ■
NEAT young girl to assist with general house-
work; wages $12. H. MOHN'S, 1207 Benton
st.. Alameda, narrow-gauge.
GIRL for light housework; must understand
cooking; wages $10 to $12. 1524 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A girl about 14 for light housework;
small wages; good home. 12S Twenty-ninth.
WANTED— A few shoe vampers and stitchers.
Box 8693, Call office.
WANTED— Lady for variety novelty act; must
be petite, good appearance; state age; all
particulars. Box 304, Call office.
LADY solicitors, city. Alameda, Oakland.
Coyle's California Electro-Plating Works, 852
Mission st.
NEAT, reliable girl to assist in housework and
care of child, $10. 812 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on coats; must be
a neat young girl. 639 Post st.
WANTED — Cook and laundress; also girl for
second work. Apply at 1114 O'Farrell St.
WANTED— Saleslady to take charge of art de-
partment; state age. experience; references;
1 salary. X. V., box 40. Call otflce.
WANTED— Hosiery saleslady; state age, ex-
perience; references; salary. C. D., box 30,
Call office.
WANTED— GirI for dressmaking; also a helper.
2914 Bush st. '
ELEVENTH. 124 A — Young girl take care
children; light housework; $S month.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the only successful school of its
■ kind on the Coast; we teach the cutting,
making, trimming and fitting of stylish hats
and dresses; all are Invited to visit our school
and see for themselves; patterns cut to order.
26c up: pupils work for themeelvea; positions
free. 103 Post Bt,
LEARN ladles' tailoring at Storey's Ladies'
Tailoring College. ISO 9 Broadway, Oakland:
lessons unlimited; on weekly pa; ments; good
positions free.
TAILORING and dressmaking thoroughly
taught at KEISTER'S. 118 McAllister St.
WOMEN ar.d girls wanted to work on fruit and
can. Apply Immediately at cannery. Bran-
nan St., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit. Apply
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.. Tenth
and Bryant sts.
WANTED— Reliable girl for cooking and gm-
eral housework: references required. Apply
2201 Brodarick St.. corner Washington, after 9. i
GIRL for general housework; must understand '
cooking. 401 Buchanan st.
VISITING teacher wanted for small child; Mis-
sion. Box 326. Call office.
LADY barber at 316 Third St.
WOMAN to help In family of 2; very light
work. 10 Steuart et.. upetnlrs.
LEARN Jr<-ssmaklng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dressciitting School, 1079 Market
st.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free. :.'
__E_r \VA.vii__>-3iA_.i.;.
— — For Monday |
Alaska Railroad j
Steamer sails Tuesday I
100 rockmen and laborers wanted at 30 centß
an hour; board $1 a day; fare. Including berth
_nd meals a-nd office fee, j_2 50; dlreot to
bkaguay via Seattle. C. R. HAN. _ CO.,
104 Geary 6t.
GANG of Italian railroad laborers for British
Columbia: fare advanced. C. R. HANSEN _ |
CO., 104 Geary st.
1000 LABORERS for British Columbia. $2 a !
day and up; long Job. Further particulars at i
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'B, 104 Geary st.
TEN teamsters, new work, $185 a day. 10
teamsters, $1 70 a day; 16 - teamsters, $20 and j
7 board; 8 soraper loaders, Jl 75 a day : 16 ;
shovelers for a tunnel, |1 75 a day; 10 labor-
ers, outside work. $1 60 a day; all for new
railroad work In California. C. R. HANSEN
_ CO., 104 Geary st.
TEN laborers tor work around a large mine
and smelter; outside work; wages from $1 60
to $2 50 a day; steady work; board $15 a
month; reduced fares. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
SIX rallrcad tunnelmen; $2 60 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CHUTE builder for a sawmill, $50 and board:
3 helpers, $35 and board; part fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEN laborers for the woods, choppers, ax
men and men to get out logging, etc. : fare
reduced to $1 50; see boss here. C. R. HAN-
BEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
TWO timber men for a tunnel, $2 25 a day;
wedge maker, $2 25 a day. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary Bt.
BRICK molder, $2 a day and board; see party
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FAMILIES to pick hops at We to Jl a hundred;
office fee nominal. For directions call on
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
VEGETABLE gardener for a country hotel,
$30 and found, steady Job; 12 farmers and
choremen. $25, $20. $15 and $10; 2 rough car-
penters for a ranch, $30 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
JANITOR for an office; a man six feet tall
preferred; $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
STEWARD for a gentlemen's club In the
country, $30; baker and pastry cook, country
hotel, $40, fare advanced; baker and second
cook, half fare paid, $35; camp cook, $50;
ranch cook, $25; Swedish baker, $S a week:
third hand baker, $25; German waiter, $25; 3
waiters, city. $25; 2 waiters, country, $25;
waiter for a mine boarding-house, $25. C. R.
HANPEN A CO., 104 Geary St.
LAUNDRYMAN, mark and distribute and
wnj»h. all plain work for a hotel. $35 and
found: 2 polishern. $40 and $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— TO the Gold Mines
95 laborers No experience required.
Wages $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 534 and 636 Clay st.
X— TO the Hop Fields
355 men, women and children, families or par-
ties; 80c to $1 per 100 pounds: ch«ap railroad
rates; big wages can be earned and a 6 weeks'
vacation. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 63«
Clay st.
POLISHER for a laundry, $40 and found;
cracker packer, $2 day. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
TO the Woods
96 woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
36 tie makers 8c to lie each
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
GARDENER. $25 and found; 2 boys for a gar-
den, $10 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay at.
8 PRUNERS for an orchard, $20 and found: 3
choremen. $10 and found ; 5 scraper teamsters.
$1 f,O day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st^
MAN and wife, man an dishwasher, wife as
chambermaid and assist on table. MURRAY
& READT, 63* a nd 636 cla y 8t -
5 COOKS $55. $*5, $30 and found
6 waiters $25 and $20 and found
5 dishwashers $20 and $15 and found
Younc man to drive city delivery wa«on.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Experienced milk driver for city,
$30 per month and found, references required;
2 furnace men for mine. $K0 per month; 4
laborers for mine, $40 and board; blacksmith's
holper for ranch. $30 and board: 2 quarrymen.
$1 30 per day and board: 3 laborers about
quarry, no experience required, $35 and board;
150 men. boys, women and families to pick
hops for Targe company; Swedish dairyman,
near city. $J5 and others. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 626 Clay st._
WANTED— Hop pickers. 150 men, women, boys
and families to pet up camping parties to
pick hops for a large hop yard: 6 to 8 weeks'
work at good pay; provisions, etc.. advanced
by company; office fee only 50c and work
guaranteed ; come one, come all. W. D.
EWER A CO.. 626 Clay siL
WANTED— A general Jeweler to make all kinds
of large work In gold; fine workman only;
steady position to the risht man. Call * to
9:30 a', m., SHREVE & CO.. Market and Post.
WANTED— First-class repairer and Jobber on
gold Jewelry: a fine workman, able to make
as well as repair ill kinds of gold goods;
steady position to entirely satisfactory man.
Call 8 to 9:30 a. m., SHREVE & CO., Market
and Post sts.
INTELLIGENT boy or young man, not under
17, for office work; one having had some ex-
perience preferred; munt write a good hand,
be fairly well educated and reside with hla
parents; none other need apply: wages $16 to
$20 per month. Address In own handwriting,
giving »<«, references, etc., box 837, Call.
SALESMAN wanted in wholesale house. Ad-
dress with references, box 347, Call office.
OLD man to mind turkeys; good home. MRS.
H. GOOD, Twenty-second Bt. and Corbetv
road.
HELP WANTED— Continued. .
WANTED— Reliable man to handle our goods
in this section; $60 a month and expenses; one
who is well acquainted preferred. Address
Keyograph. P. O. box 353, Philadelphia.
6 SWAMPERS and 20 «cperienced axmen. 7 to
9 a. m. Monday. BENDER BROS., Third-
st. wharf. -
ERRAND boy, must be useful in store. ROvJ-
" ERSON'S, 635 Valencia st.
WANTED— Drapery" and curtain hanger, with
experience as salesman; state age, experience,
references, salary. Add. A. 8.. box -'"• Call.
WANTED— A second cook, wa«es $15, at the
Washington Hotel. 622 Fourth st.
WANTED- live business man. Call on L.
C. EWELL, 43 Sixth st.
WANTED— Young man who understands nickel
plating. Address box 3999. Call office.
WANTED— 2 live energetic men. Apply at 22
Post St., Monday evening, bet. 7:30 and B:30.
WANTED— Strong boy to assist around dairy;
reference; $15 and found. Apply 210 Fifth
aye., Richmond district. '
WANTED— Young man as clerk and arrang-
ing crockery: must be a worker. 40S Eleventh
st., Oakland.
SOftER man to make beds and work around
lodging-house; $10 and un<i. 1 Fifth st.
WANTED, young men to Join evening
classes now forming in bookkeeping and all
English branches at Ayres' Business College.
WANTED— A good dishwasher. 125 Seventh st.
WANTED— man to set and distribute
type on nearby country newspaper; no job
work; $10 per month and board and lodging;
fare paid. Answer to Good Home, box 319,
Call office. _^_
WANTED— Man to learn barber trade; elec-
tric system. 1542 Market st.
PUBLISHER of established city newspaper will
give business field to charge of an energetic'
solicitor on shares; references desired. Ad-
dress box 397, Call office.
COAL miners who have worked In pitch vein
wanted. Apply to TESLA COAL CO., room
515. 32S Montgomery st.
TO TAILORS— Coat makers wanted. Apply at
11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance.
CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market St.
EXPERIENCED salesman by a large wine and
liquor house. Box 376, Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and 'mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
r""ms; 25c per night; $1 to $3. per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ra't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. B.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN 26 Steuart.
WANTED— At Montana Houbc 764»4 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week..
MEN to learn barber trade In S weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 13i>'/j Eighth St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St., near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c: only one price. 959 Howard St.
SINGLE furniFhed. fine large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOb. ■•"". 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c -'~ht; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS to solicit for Al article in the coun-
try: $10 a day can be made. Apply J. H.
HERTSCHE & CO., 314 Montgomery st.
FRANCES E. WILLARD, founder of the
world's W. C. T. U. : Childhood, Religious
Development, Travels Abroad, Answering Ar-
menia's Cry. Character Studies and Memorial
Addresses; secure territory; outfit 50c. Cali-
fornia Educational Bureau, Stockton, Cal.
SOLICITORS to sell new bonk Uncle Sam's
navy; rapid seller. Apply The Ames-Currier
Adv. Co., 612 Polk, bet. Turk & Eddy, after <S.
PARTNERS WANTED.
LADY partner wanted; good appearance; capi-
tal for rare novelty; variety act: tour the
worl d. Address. box 357, Call office.
WANTED — Good German sausage maker as
partner. 3535 Seventeenth at.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— furnished flat five rooms by
man and wife. Box 292, Call office.
NICE house: large grounds; as care taker pay
rent: reference. Box 341. Call office, Oakland.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ELDERLY lady wants unfurnished or partly
furnished back room; cheap; morning sun;
near Eighth and Mission sts. MRS S.. 10^4
Eighth st.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — For physician's office, 2 or 3 rooms
on Sutter st.. from Jones to Van Ness aye.
Box 8854, Call office.
WANTED— 3 sunny furnished rooms for hcus:-
keeplng. with view, In private family; p«r-
manent if suitable: for couple with jest r;-f-
erences, by September 1; must be reasonable.
Address E., box 50. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ANY professional or amateur photographer
who has good pictures of soldiers on the
wharf, please address A. B. <' Call office.
WANTED— To exchange $250 lot on Eleventh
aye., block 602. South San Francisco, for lum-
ber. Inquire 20 Ninth st., room 8.
™~ ~ PERSONALS.
AMERICAN, well connected and prosperous,
150.000, looks for a sensible and life-long
companion to cherish and confide in. "Mel-
ville," 135 East Sixty-fifth St.. N. Y.
MARRY; National Matrimonial Club; pri-
vate list. 2c; many worth $50,000. Box 1551.
Denver, Colo.
I MAKE it my aim to please each and every
one; hairdrcssing. 25c only; hair restored to
its natural color from $1 50 up; good switches, |
$1; finest, $3 60; extra, $5; open Sunday, 9 to
12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
MME. DELLA FAUST has removed to her new
store; halrdressing 25c; bleaching and dye-
Ing; artistic hair work, scalp treatment and •
everything pertaining to a first-class hair
business. 240 Stockton St., near Post.
LEDERER'S Quinonla cleanses the scalp; has
no equal. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portlerea: dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
NOU—Nou— Mailed three letters. I am well
and I am working. Hay ward P. 0., Cal.
CLAY pack with electrical face massage by
a graduate of London and New York; hours.
2 to 5. 484 Eddy at.
WANTED— communicate with dressmakers j
and others who have paid money to a party !
in this city and State on -esentatlon of
being appointed agents for sale of a certain
toilet cream. Address box 354. Call office.
JOSEPH GREVEN'S vocal pupils are public
•favorites all over the United States; profes-
sional terms. $10 monthly. In advance, for 2
lesßons weekly, only for those who start In
before . the beginning of the season— l. c.,
August 10. 1236 Market st. ■ -, ■■■
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms.
2Rc to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 .per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market: halrdressing. popular prices.
HOME In confinement; diseases or women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Mnrket Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the united
States, postpaid, for $1 f>o a year.
A TRIMONY^ ~^uw^~*~
CALL or send 12c for August marriage paper.
Address "Wedding Bell." 11l Ellis st., S. F.
DRESSMAKERS.
COMPETENT dressmaker; makes children's
dresses, fitted at their homes. Address D.,
branch Call-office. 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring;
College. ■ 916 Market at. : '
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant. dtyltßh dresea. IS
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy ft., rm. 14-15.
TYPEWRITERS. /
ALL I typewriters sold ; and rented ; few partly
. used for sale cheap; > send for samples and
prlcea. ALEXANDI R & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35; Caligraph. $15 Yost, $25 ;
got sample work. SCOTT, 331 Montgomery.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
1206— MARKET 5T.— 1206.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
The World's Greatest Medium and Clairvoy-
ant has located permanently at 1206 MARKET
STREET.
TRUTHFUL IN HER PREDICTIONS.
RELIABLE IN HER ADVICE.
No matter what trouble you may have with
yourself or others, come and Fhe will guide
you. She advises with a certainty by a higher
than human power.
SHE IS UNRIVALED.
MRS. DR. CLARK IS RECOGNIZED BY
THE* PRESS,
I Medical faculty, and
scientists generally as
the foremost medium in
the country, and should
not be classed with card
readers, fortune tellers,
palmists, as t rologers
and similar humbugs.
Many men with a busi-
ness which ought to
make them rich strug-
gle for years and simply
make a livlns. Many
devoted women who
would give their life
for husband, son, broth-
er, or lover are con-
stantly abused or slight-
ed. That these condi-
tions are often con-
trolled by "Ocr-ULT"
influences which can
be changed to others
that work for good
financially and social-
ly has bepn known by a
few in every age. The
first ROTHSCHILD was
constantly guided by
clairvoyant i n fluence,
and many successful
Americans seek this ad-
j vice regularly. The
I clairvoyant gift is Im-
: parted to so few and in
such varying degree*
that Impostors abound
in every large city.
Hence many educated
persons who secretly
wish for Its aid are
I sensitive about seeking
j it. This timidity is
rapidly d 1s a ppearlng
among the better class
of San Francisco citi-
zens since the renown-
ed MRS. CLARK RE-
CENTLY DECIDED TO
MAKE SAN FRAN-
CISCO HER HOME.
HER REVELATIONS
ARE MOST WONDEiR-
i FUL, and acknowledged
to be of the highest or-
der, not made to satisfy
idle curiosity only, but
Intended to give those
who seek the truth a
permanent benefit. She
does not cater to the
superstition of the Ig-
! norant and credulous
; people. If you are in
! doubt she can and will
perform all she claims,
feel yourself invited to
call and she will give
you a more substantial
proof of her marvalous
power than you have
: ever before received
! from mortal. If mar-
; rtage. slcknpss, death?,
changes, travels, di-
vorces, separations, law-
suits, business trans-
actions, wills, deeds,
mortgages, lost or ab-
eent friends interest
; you, if you desire to be
more successful, If you
desire to have your do-
! mestic troubles re-
j moved, your lost love
returned, your bitterest
enemies converted Into
stanch friends —In a
word, whatever may be
your troubles, suspi-
cions, or desires.
CALL ON THIS GIFTED WOMAN
And she will send you away happier, wiser and
bolder than before.
HOURS— IO A. M. TO 5 P. M.
PERFECT SATISFACTION
GUARANTEED BY MAIL.
SEND STAMP FOR CIRCULAR,
WITH SPECIAL TERMS, TO
MRS.. DR. F. CLARK,
1206 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE SIXTH.
TAKE ELEVATOR. ROOMS 25, 26.
THE RECOGNIZED LEADER
Of Clairvoyance and Occult Selene«.
ALWAYS SEE THE BEST.
MANY IMITATE,
BUT NO ONE CAN EQUAL.
PROF. M. OMAR The Occult Wonder
HAS NO EQUAL.
325.... EDDY 5T.... 325.
Gives full name of every caller.
Names of your sweethearts or husband.
Gives advice to make you successful in lore,
business, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.
Cures drunkenness, bad habit 6, evil Influences.
OMAR. NEVER FAILS
TO UNITE THE SEPARATED
.■ and .;
Causes speedy and happy marriages.
Guarantees success In all cases.
Private Residence.
Separate parlors for ladies and gentlemen.
All business sacredly confidential.
Letters containing 4 questions and 11 answered.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY,
Medical clairvoyant and medium, will diag-
nose diseases and treat with revealed runs-
dies, which are a boon to suffering humanity,
stamp for circular. 232 Stockton st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
fight; diagnoses disease; full life Trading; la.
60c, gents II; palm, andclair. 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. ANGUS, palmistry and clairvoyant card
reader; truth or no pay; 25c. 324H Seventh st.
MME. WALTERS, the great card-reader: ladles
25c: gents 50c. 951 Mission St., near Sixth.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles, 10c; gents,
2r.c. 221 Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 426 Tehama
st:. near Fifth.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth Et., room 10.
MME. LENEMAR, fortune by planets; pre-
dicted In '74 overdue steamer. 23& Sixth, r. 8.
SONORA RAMONA. medium and card reader;
10c; ladles only. 23 Ash aye. -. - .
MME SODAN. Scotch seeresrs. card reader and
palmist; from 9 to 8. 619 Eddy st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
- reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth «t.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, hag opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. Isc; ladles. O'Farrell «t.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
f ession ; never falls; advice: help. 82» Post »t
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in ; the united
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. ■
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. WALTHAM. spiritual healer; herb
baths: magnetic treatments: ladles, children
specialty. 453 Polk st.
MRS. SHAFFER, - test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212^ Sixth st.
M. FRANCES. Independent writing me-
dium. lIS Halght. St.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, trance
test medium and life reader. 232 Stockton st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; re»d-
Ir.gs. II: clr. Tiies., Fri..-2 p. m . : Sat. 8; 26c
™ I'ALMISIKV/
MRS. CHANDLER; readings daily with full
explanations, at 553 Geary ,, st., between
Powell and; Mason. .
MRS. CHANDLER; readings dally at resi-
dence, 353 Qenry Et.
— TO LEASE. ~~~
THE-^^i building of~the~Y.~ M. C. A., tzi
Butter st.; long lease; very low terms; can
be rented, as a whole or In divisions; large
and splendid location; no reasonable rent re-
fused. Apply to MADISON & BURKE. •
CLAIRVOYANTS— Continned-
ATTENTION! TOUR DESTINY FORETOLD!
THERE ARE
A GREAT MANY
SELF STYLED
CLAIRVOYANTS AND MEDIUMS,
8UT.... THERE IS ONLY .... ONE
PROF. H. ROMAINE,
THE ORIENTAL SEER,
LATE OF INDIA.
THE
WORLD'S
GREATEST
CLAIRVOYANT
/ND EXPONENT OF
THE OCCULT SCIENCES.
It is true that there are a great many persons
who strive in vain to imitate his work; not
only this, but some are even brazen enough to
copy many parts of his advertisements. It is
also true that these same people depend solely
upon thoir ability to bluff the public and can
give no evidence of the powers they claim to
possess. la It any wonder that all of their |
PATRONS ARE DISSATISFIED?
Prof. Romaine's claims to superiority are
based upon overwhelming evidence. In order
to quickly introduce his work In this city, and
give all an opportunity to test his powers, he j
will reduce all fees for one week.
A $2 READING FOR $_
A $2 READING FOR $L
He calls you by name.
Tells names of your friends.
Tells you what you called for.
Tells all about your business affairs.
About your love and domestic affair*.
Causes speedy marriage*. .
Reunites the separated in seven days.
Recovers old estates and valuable papers.
Locates buried treasures In five days.
Locates mines and valuable ores.
Remove, evil influences, bad habits, etc.
Gives good hick in all your undertakings.
Guarantees Success
In any of the above Work
Or Money Refunded.
Being _ Master. He Never Falls.
Professor RomalnerJiolds flattering testimon-
ials from prominent residents of this city and
indorsements from eminent people and the press
from all parts of the world, which are proof
positive of his ability and sincerity of purpose.
All business sacredly confidential. Letters in-
closing stamp answered. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8
p. m. Sundays, 10 to 3.
OFFICES,
1206 MARKET STREET 1206
(Suite 104.)
(Cut this notice out and save for future refer-
ence; it appears to-day only.)
EDUCATIONAL.
SELBORNE School for boys. Ban Rafael; best
equipped boarding school on the coast; sepa-
rate rooms; fine table; magnificent gymna-
sium: skilled teachers; bus meets all trains;
parents invited to Inspect. For illustrated
catalogue apply to the principal, REV.
CHARLES HITCHCOCK, San Rafael.
VOCAL Instruction— ANNlS MONTAGUE
TURNER; correct and natural production of
the voice, based on natural and artistic prin-
ciples; term* beginning August 15 and after;
lessons by the month or quarter. For terms
apply personally or by letter to 930 Bush st.,
near Jones.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering: sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use. taught by Mrs. Kincaid at her
School of Elocution and Expression. Alcazar
building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ATRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSONS Academy, 1247
Franklin St.; co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
AN educated Parlsienne lady will give French
lemons by the hour at home or at her resi-
dence; refined conversation; reasonable terms.
Box 403, Call office.
SPANISH lessons glvn: also English branches
taught; special attention to backward pupils;
low terms. 910 Clay St., Oakland.
A LADY teaches piano and mandolin thor-
oughly: 59c an hour; excellent pianist and ac-
companist for entertainments and vocalists.
1209 Octavia st.
L'NIVEUSITY Coast— Newell Ferry .Ph.B., Fel-
low In Mathematics. V. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channtng way. Berkeley; write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing;, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LIFE classes, three times week. $1 50 & month.
BEST'S studio. 621 Emma Spreckels building.
LADY would like some pupils to form German
class; finest references. G. L.. box 03 ("ail.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
SPANISH school— Dally lessons $3 a month; 4
to 9 p. m. Room 10, Y. M. C. A. building.
LAW school. 906 Broadway, Oakland; 6 Eddy
st., city; room 59; day and night.
ROBERT TOLMIE, pianist, has resumed
teaching at 1003 Sutterjrt.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
PIANO and German lessons. 75c; pupil of Con-
servatory in Lelpslc. 110 Hyde st.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary at.
LOST.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
■ and Loan Society of Pan Francisco, in -the
name of MRS. GEORGIANA McILWAIN,
No. 199,893. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Liberty, Valencia. Twenty-first or
Mission *t. late Friday afternoon, a lady's
gold watch and fob. Return to J534 Mission
st. and receive reward.
LOST— An Insignia of the Military Order of the
Loyal Lejsrion. second class, hanging on bar :
attached by blue and white ribbon. Finder,
by returning same to BEN I. S\LOMON,
County Clerk's office, will be suitably re-
warded.
POCKET kodak, on Sansome st. Return to
Winchester HoUBe and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ROBERT M. GRUWELL: No.
£21ir?< The flndf-r will plt»a«<» return to bank. I
HORSES.
ONE bay carriage horse, kind, gentle and
speedy; also two-seated surry and harness in
good condition; for sale cheap. Apply at
Quartermaster's office. Presidio. .
SOUND young horse for . ladies or children; I
must b« seen to be appreciated; cheap. In-
quire at 412 Hayes st. •-.:. ■ •
♦0 HORSES for sale: .also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade .. Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
' kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales i
Yards. 32Q -Valencia ft. v-t;
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BUSINESS wagon, $40; trotting, cart, cost $100,
for $40; young mare, handsome, " speedy, well
broke for city. 1929 Market st.
ONE new 3-can mtlk wagon,- 1 butter and '
egg wagon. 2 second-hand buggies. 1370 Turk. i
NEW and second-hand -. buggies and carts
cheap. : 903 Golden . Gate aye.  ".::.*
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison «t.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
'
BUSINESS CHANCES. '[>■ .
WANTED, 5 brieht men; $500 each; .
only enterprise of the kind on this coast; wijl
clear $5000 each within a year- security given. !
KREDO CO.. 22H_geIrV st. __
$560 — CORNER grocery, bar living rooms: ia-
volce *600; don't miss this. KREDO & CO. * .
— CANDY and ice cream; $S daily; fine llv-
lng rooms; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
$750 — MEAT market; wholesale bill 13000
monthly; all cash custom. KRLiDO & CO., '
22H Geary st.
SELL or xchan 20-acre placer mining claim;
«fn' a< l a . Co . Unty: J^ Vales P a «nt. machine; cost
$300; 2 tents and outfit, tools etc for 2 or
more men; pure spring water 'runs' "camp and
machine; want city business or real estate -
W. D. ROSS, 212 Turf st. escaie.
$750-PARTNER wanted In a ftrst-class country
saloon; receipts $20 to $50 per day rent $ I> o-
population of town, 3000; finely " fitted ud' 'i
RAND & C 0.,. 917 Market st. P
$175— GROCERY and bar, suitable for maTTand
wife; 4 rooms, stable, ynrt) etc rent J9 -
bargain. RAND & CO., 917 Market st. '
— CORNER grocery an.l liquor store; retlr-
ing from business. McLAyGHLIX & CO
777 Market St. . "'
$850— CORNER grocery and bar; established 30
years; retiring from business; good horsa
and wagon; long lease tv responsible party
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
HIGHKSJ cash prices paid for restaurants,
galoons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERO
& CO., 26V_ Kearny st.
GOOD-PAYING corner grocery and bar;
$100. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— DELICACY store: 2 rooms; rent $12: good
corner. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st. .
FOR SALE— Fine restaurant; good location;,
fine business; investigate; account of sick-,
ness. Inquire 216 East Main St.. Stockton.
$500— BOARDING house with 11 furnished
rooms; IS regular boarders: trial before buy-
ing. Address M. J., box 4, Call office, Oakland.
BAKERY, best location; 7 barrels flour sold
over the counter; cheap. 40 San Pablo aye.,
Oakland. _________
FOR SALE— Notion store doing good trade;
bargain: Sausalito. Address S., box 40, Call.
WANTED— Gold mine: prefer refractory ore. I
PROF. HENRY G. COYLE. 852 Mission St.
SHOE store for sale; good repairing business;
living rooms rear. Owner, 236 Noe st.
A SNAP— Corner grocery and bar; must b«
sold at once. R.. box 141, Call office.
LARGE paper route for sale. Address R. W.,
617 Jones st. -
$40— SMALL grocery and bar; central: long es-
tablished; 5 living rooms; good-paying place;
rent only $12; 3 rooms paying rent. 237 Na- .
toma st.
GOOD harness business for sale; work enough,
for two men; thorough Investigation given;
reduce stock if necessary. 621 E 12th. Oakland.
SPLENDID opportunity; best 2-chalr barber
shop in Cal.; good business, etc.; no reason-
able offer refused. 1504 Park St.. Alameda.
$300— MILK route lor sale. Address P. O. box
191, Santa Rosa, Cal. ,
$1000— LIVERY boarding stable; doing good
business. Box 390, Call office.
FIXTURES and stock of good-paying saloon;
party sick. Apply at 123 Sutter st. \
SHOE store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth St., near Castro.
BRANCH bakery, notions and confectionery;
neatly fitted up; owner occupying it last 5 •
years; sales average $5 per day; parlor, %
bedrooms, dining room and kitchen; rent $13;
can be paid out of bakery; real bargain at
$200; satisfactory reasons for selling. JOHN-
STON & CO., &72 Broadway, Oakland.
ONE-HALF or whole Interest In a well estab-
lished employment bureau, real estate ex-
change and business opportunities; half, $250;
whole, $-">OO. Address Business, Call branch
office, 903 Broadway, Oakland. .
SOBER, steady plumber and tinsmith can tak«
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena:
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON. St. Helena.
BARGAIN— dairy, route, cows, equip-
ment ■ supply select Oakland customers: sell-
ing acct. health. Dairy. Call office. Oakland.
HALF or whole interest in good paying butcher
shop; cash business; elegant fixtures; central .
location. D.. box 3. Call office. Oakland.
DELICACY store; rent $10; must be sold: no
reasonable offer refused; party obliged to
leave city. 1438 Howard st.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; on retirement
from business; 2 wagons: reasonable rent and
long lease. Apply Call office.
BRANCH bakery and dairy produce store for
sale very cheap. Apply 707 Devisadero St..
between Fulton and Grove.
OLD established corner grocery and bar, with
fixtures; rooms. Northeast corner Twelfth
and Folsom 6treets. __
BARBERS, look this up; 3-chair shop must b«
sold this week at bargain. Address box 469.
Call office.
FOR SALE— A good business barber shop. Ap-
ply DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
OUTSIDE city paper route (Call). Apply 3164
Twenty-fourth st.
$800— GROCERY, bar. furniture for sale; good
location; no agents. C. H. A., box 365. Call.
$75 — COFFEE and chop house: same hanaa 3
years. J. COLE. 606 Howard St.
TO PRINTERS— Complete Job office in Oak-
land: cheap for cash. D.. box 1. Call. Oakland.
FOR sale— route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st. .
~ ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
RESPONSIBLE party returning to the Klon-
dike will take a limited number of letters at
$1 each, guaranteeing prompt delivery at
Dawson, Eagle. Forty Mile. Circle City or
Minook. Address or call room 1. 110 Sutter.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ': L :
ROOMING-HOUSES. HOTELS,
BOARDING-HOUSES.
FLATS. PRIVATE HOMES,
CITY AND COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
6-room flat; central $150
10 rooms; corner; very good 2-j0
24 rooms; sunny cornerj clears $100 900- .
68 rooms; corner; clears $2c.0 2200
40 rooms; easy payments; call for price.
44 rooms; 25 bay windows; corner 3000
26 rooms; new and good 16"» .
100 others: 2 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to.. 8000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
KREDO & CO : 22V* Geary st.
_ Money to loan at low Interest
106 rooms; best paying in city $4,200 •
53 rooms; 30 bay-windows 1.600
4$ rooms; best on Geary 2.000
38 rooms; corner; doctor pays rent 900
34 rooms; fine corner; half.cash 2,000
23 rooms; clears $75 m0nth...... 050
20 rooms; two entrances: Market 300
19 rooms; corner; best transient 1.100
11 rooms; Geary; doctor pays rent 600
9 rooms also S rooms; bargains .225
Others too numerous to mention. KREDO&CO.
A— 33 ROOMS: north of Market: fine. $1900, «
32 rooms: sunny corner; running water.... 1600
SI rooms; transient: Market 900
15 rooms: select:- transient c0rner........... 300
14 rooms; fine house: Income $50 clear 90-)
40 rooms; elegant; part cash; a snap.....
24 rooms: best In city: cheap. 1.00
50 rooms; part cash: transient 14jO
9 rooms; good house •••■••••/ flOf 10
18 rooms: Market St.; clears $200; cheap... SaO
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market St. (L. W. „
ROGERS, formerly clerk for H. C. Decker.)
WINSTON & CO.. 626 Market st.
RELIABLE BROKERS .
12 rooms; brand new; near Powell $.",30
15 rooms; Geary St.; fine place 950
25 rooms: rent $75: near Chr0nic1e........ 950
30 rooms; rent $90; paying place 600
40 rooms; rent $ICS; part cash 2500
LODGING-HOUSE; north of Market St.;
14 rooms; bargain; departure cause of sale.
Mclaughlin & co..- 777 Market st.
$165— SMALL lodglnjr-house on Third st.. near
Market. Apply Call Office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
FOR SALE— MIS CELLAN
BOILERS, engines. 2d-harnl machinery Ma.
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR SALE— Planing mill machinery: will sell
to suit purchaser, one or all machines. 150
Berry St., between Third an,d Fourth.
5 PARLOR chairs in first-class condition. Call
for 2 days, between 1 and 3, at 26S Brannan.
FOR SALE— Good black walnut bedroom set,
r four pieces, springs. $20. 2621 Pine st.
3ECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st. J
S HORSE-POWER boiler and engine; Al;
cheap., 426 Ninth st. "
BARS, back bars, mirrors, - showcases,- coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and •
office rurnlture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 •
Mission st., above Sixth.
A FINE thing for a present: full line of
graphophones, $10 each and upward. PIERCE!
fr CO., 313 Emporium building. - ■
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records $5 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupl. 935-94S Market.
LAUNDRY ' machlnery.engines ''■namos. electl
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, housemover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
FES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
Blscs; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought ana sold. 1063 Mission Bt.,nr. Sevantlv. • .:y: y CITY REAL. ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 Montgomery st.
;.. HOME ON EASY TERMS.
.."• ■■ 8675— Near Mlsston-st. electric care; cozy cot-
.;• tage oi 25x100; a small amount cash,
...balance easy payments; interest at 7 per cent, j
; . MISSION COTTAGE— A BARGAIN.
. ..■ $900— Price greatly reduced to make immediate i
.: ■••;• salt: cottage of 5 rooms; 25x125; only half a i
."■' ■'. block from Mission-st. cars.
": •'■: A '.'HEAP RICHMOND HOME.
:.../. -'.$l4OO- -A coxy bay-window cottage of 5 rooms :
.  anu bath; brick foundation; house only 2 yeare .
..■,;■'.;• post more than price asked to build; 25x i
■ lit. lianay to several lines of cars.
~"\>L: ' A SNAP— CHEAP.
.::■'■■ v. .-sl6.>o— Has been asking $2000; price reduced to j
. ' m;ike immediate sale; 2 flats; rents $18; street !
— .accepted; stone sidewalks.
■ A BARGAIN ON PACIFIC STREET.
• $1800- 3-story house of 10 rooms and bath and ,
-lot, rents $276 per annum; this is a bargain.
- A CHEAP LOT.
. T2400— Fultcn st.; 25x137:6: a short distance
-ftroja the City Hall; this la a snap.
. . MUST BE SOLD.
. ■ $2700— T0 close an estate; Pacific St.; 2-story;
. .house of 9 rooms and rear house; front house
could be converted into three flats at a very
small outlay and be made one «f the best pay-
. Ing. investments in the city.
MISSION WARM BELT.
(SOOCM-No reasonable offer refused; 3 flats;
rents -$2B 50; stable for S horses; 25x115; only,
half a block from Market and Sanchez sts.; i
v will 'refuse no reasonable offer; about to leave j
.. for Europe.
L. MUST UK SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
I ry house uf 2 rooms; house alone
: ■■ w> rUi the money; could be converted into !
flats at very little expense; within a few
-. Blocks of the City Hall; 25x100.
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.
:_.-; $4000 -Western Addition; 4 flats; rents $42 peri
m.-iuh; 25x90; good renting locality; street ac- '
cep.ted; this is a bargain.
A REAL BARGAIN IN TWO FLATS.
•- $SV«0 — i'age St.; 2 fine modern flats of 6 and I
. '. 6 looms and bath each; rents $558 per annum; j
.'.25x137:6; this is one of the best paying invest- I
'inents for sale; price has been greatly reduced.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
.";.. 'Records, " which contains a list of properties
■•■ '■ ■ In all parts of the city for sale.
\ ' G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
. ' ■• ' FINELY IMPROVED CORNER
•".• -'.In the Western Addition; rents $120 monthly;
'" ■ -)a'rge lot; price 515,000.
-•' •' "■-'• '. .-. 50500— BUSH ST.. NEAR WEBSTER.
./-..-•Residence of S rooms and bath; modern;
.-.-,.': .■v..,-!..-: ; mantels; street bituminlzed.
;.. '•■...'■• - RESIDENCE ON WEBSTER,
.■ ...:Jsear California 7 rooms and bath; fine nelgh-
. ;■ ■tkrrh.odd; a pleasant comfortable home.
Or -,': ■'.- ; ; ' . LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
.' ••••: V»ry cheap: good flats; 4 and 5 rooms; rent
' fv.r }3-7 -monthly; owner must sell; price $4000.
'?■]>''■'■■ '- .-" $5500— RENTS $57 50.
' ; -•; F.our.fine new modern flats south of Market
:••■ '.-et.V4 rooms and bath each; a bargain; Al
■-. ■: ienaSits.
' : V.;." : •■•.':' ' mission RESIDENCE.
•.•:-•' tSoo.d . 7-room house; north side of. 2lst, near
- ."Valencia; bargain at $4000.
Ijr •• ' .CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!!
™ -"•■-. $5650^55x110 : W. A.; fine for flats.
.• .' KOOO— UO6; Pacific Heights: marine view.
V ' -■ $4000r-56x137:6; Pacific Heights; marine view.
. . -.$3690—30:6x160 — Sutter f>t. ; fine lot.
•v ".; $3.100— 30x100 ; Pacific Heights; view.
.• - $3000-fSc itt and McAllister; oheap lots.
-. • ■ $2foo— 27x75; Post, near Steiner.
•• • .'-..jawo— 25x127 :5: Presidio Heights; view.
-.- JlS75— 25x98:6; Dolores, near 21st.
;••. ' : '-$1500— 55x114; 25th, near Noe.
. '.-•■ $1-200— 25x137:6: Vallejo, near Broderick; view.
■•."...$75^—25x100; California, near 12th aye.
■'• — '• $">C0 — 25x1 California, near 2"d aye.
-.. 4350-^€2xl2o; 31st aye., near Point Lobos aye.
' ..." : •'•.McAFEE BROTHERS.
;■}■'■ -McAFEE BROTHERS,
.'•:•'■- . 108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
-• -7T BETTER TIMES COMING!
-••■,. ■-'-. BETTER TIMES COMING!
' "••■'Chance to Make Money in Real Estate.
■ ,- : . ••" Gilt Edge Investment Seldom Offered.
' -."• ." ; •-• • $158, 000
..'.■.:• Market St., near Baldwin; 50x165 feet; double f
; . ; :f rant. ' - . . -
• .' '; •■ : $125.000
.■■.'..; Market st.; wholesale district; grand lm- j
. : .-"provements; only hi cash; lot 45x135 feet; pays
f c. per cent net.
.:"-..;••••'•• : $135.0' M
•.'"■"■ .Qrand corner, ICKD-foot front, with modern 4- '
.- ■>•: fv building; all rented for $500; within block ;
; : 6 ; f Baldwin: only $40,000 cash.
$46,300
?"vv' Choice investment: lot 35x137 feet, with good
: improvements: all rented; 200 feet from Market '
-.;. jrt:V*ljrear Powell.
. ■'■." ■/.: ,'■ • 80x100 et, within block of Baldwin j
(■-. KcjU:f.;'any '-r wanted, as it must be sold at '
■ V once .to pay debts; only »4 cash required.
,--tV. ■:*-..-. '.. $120.000
■•■■-.. ; -' : ■■'•■ ■ st, near Market; large Int. with lm-
•■ ' provernents; pays 6 per cent r.«-t; offer wanted. ;
.-• ■ : '\X : . j-v-rr. Addition business corner lot, 50x100 ]
■•;.. -fV^-r;:' Stores and flats; bank mortgage, $16,000; a I
.■•;■■&s*: -.'"'. '
a.: ■.'.••■■: :•.■-• $l«, 0«
r :':.• .•factory or .wholesale business property on
x ■ JFlrstL-near Mission; 2 frontages; about 70- foot j
;.:• iropt.; ..;
t-;.'v : j&tq»away (north Fide street) residence, near i
: r.'Buciiananj lot 45x137:6 feet; 12 rooms; marine
■"■ view; : -'-
■.:•- •' - ■-" ■ : j&soo
■.V--:4-mpdern flats, Hayes Valley; rents $300; large
'- \ i®£. "'■ ■ ■ •
•>•- . $%\e- flats within blockofCity Hall; rents $SO.
• .'--.' flats U block from" Odd Fellows'; rents $62.
.'•■ ■■..,■■-■■: .. ■■ $2300
• ' ••.-♦ fiat-s., near Third at.; rents $32.
•■ ■■ Other bargains. 50-page catalogue.
' : •-.• ■• -A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
. :: .'. .' -A.M. BPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
: - Jl-3S 'FOR a 4-room and bath cottage. Just fln-
•" ■ : ; .Jsh*>d. including lot; Btreet graded and sew-
'■ '' ercd- on small payment down and only $15
: - " "rrfojithly; close to car line. JACOB HEY-
.- : ■■'■jJAy. 11 Montgomery st. .
= EICITMOND lots— 2 fine level building lots on \
" ' ".Ninth aye. and California st. 2Sfcl2o each;
■ '.$lO monthly; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
■ '• • . Montgomery st.
■•. l BLOCK of levei land, as a whole or in lots; |
• • 1 block from electric road; suitable for
. • chicken ranch or dairy: at a bargain; $10
. ■ monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomary.
- $Wo— LOTS in Sunset District, Golden Gate
• Fark on $5 monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
. MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
' , SOME FIGURES TO MAKE YOU THINK.
"•■; . RENT OF ORDINARY HOUSE, $25.
• EIGHT YEARS' RENT, $2400.
: . RESULT, A LOT OF RENT RECEIPTS.
"•'•'• BUY A HOME WITH YOUR RENT
•^ .- ' • MONEY.
V* RESULT, YOUR OWN HOME.
i: If you are a rent payer this month's rent
..brings you no nearer a home than you were
. yfar« ago. So think of your future a moment
'• and take, a look at those beautiful new 4, 5 (
• and" 6-room cottages In the Heyman Tract. |
• .They ape yours for your rent money.
Streets are graded and sewered, gas and
warier plpea laid and only 1 block from elec-
• . trio cars. Take Mission street cars, transfer
."'. at Twenty-second street, ride to Hoffman aye-
• hire and ask for James A. Cotter, Resident
'•"•Afcem.
•■" '.'•.. OB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st., for
■ .-full- -particulars.
;.'.: H-OOKER & LENT, 14 Post St.
• .'. fllOO. . Cheap lot; ■
.. aight, near Baker; bank mortgage $500;- 25x100 j [
-.. -r *.- - 1 . ;
•-'■ -$1350. . Twenty-first st. Cottage,
.- n.i;ir Sanchez; 25x114; and nice house.
-; > "!2."r.. . Bush, near Broderick:
• ■ Modern house, C rooms and bath; north side;
. 25x110; bank mortgage $2000.
• ■ $4500. N. E. corner, near Jackson and
..Jones; lot 45x60, with 2 houses; well rented.
,'54500. Rents $65; ' :
• 2 Bi.lendid new flats; near Hayes and Fillmore. i .
■- : -■ HOOKER & LENT. !
'. $5000— AN offer wanted; pays 12 per cent: 437
■" • . Fulton .st:: 4 flats; 4 rooms each; always j
'•' rented at $51; house In good order; patent
•sidewalks; street accepted; 25x87:6.
$32 50— Halght. near Buchanan; cottage, 5 •
rooms; lot 25x9». j
•; • W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery f>t.
' CORNER lots, 373-381. Olft Map No. 2; v
■ ■■■ 'part of Bernal Rancho: near Cortland aye.
■".school. Inquire W. J. HERRIN. 324 Plnest. j
• $150— 75x100 feet'; north line Fourteenth aye. 1
•- -south, between J and X sts. south. South San '
..'. Francisco. CHARLES C. FISHER, 624 Mar-
i. ket st. ' ■ ■'. .'-
'•'sloo— NICE level lot 25x100 at lngleside. Ad-
. • dress R., box 114, Call office.
'$3600— AT a sacrifice; modern 2-story . house of 8 ]
■•'■ ■ rooms: O'Farrell, st., near Steiner. Address
_. , R.. box- Call office. , •
", S3SOO— ROADSIDE house on Mission st. ; large
-." Jot 85x100; nice house 6 rooms; bar and sheds; -
paying business; rare opportunity. Address 1
R.. box 114. Call office.
• • i
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1855. 626 Market st.
Must sell to close an estate — An elegant in-
side property on Pine St., bet. Larkin and
Polk; 26x137:6; 2 buildings; -only $55v0 asked.
$7600— McAllister St., near Fillmore; 2 large
flats; paying good income; lot 26x100.
$8000— Washington st., near Webster; 9 rooms
and bath; lot 28x128.
Must be sold— 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $56; only $7250; make offer.
$4500— Bush St., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 22x137:6.
jjWO— 3 flats; Twenty-flrst st., near Valencia;
rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick St.; 5 rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000; terms to suit.
$2?oo— Twenty-flfth St., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-flrst st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
$1400— Cottage and lot; Duncnn st., near
Church; 4 rooma and stable; 25x11-t.
$4000— Webster St.. near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6.
$3r.oO— Two cottages; Chattanooga St.. near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
$2500— Utah St., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms anO
lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavla sts., 1 block
oft Market; 37:6x100; offered low: one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts; 37:Cx107:7.
50 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
$230t'--Halg-ht St., near Devisadero; -an ele-
gant building lot. 25x110.
$3500— Bryant, war Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Cole St., near Waller; 25x125.
$4000— Ritch St.. near Third and Folsom; 2
lots; 60x80; cheap.
$1750— Union St., near Webster: 25x100.
$1500— Turk St., cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250— Sixteenth St.. near Castro; 25x100.
$H>oo— Seventh aye.. near J Ft., 25x120.
$1800— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye. ; 25x110.
$1000— Jersey Bt., near Nr.e; 25x114.
California, near Second aye.; 25x1u0: $SOO.
$800— Valparaiso, near Filbert & Mason, 23x60.
MADISON & BURKS, 6M Market st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.
Returned from temporary offices to 513 Cali-
fornia St.
IMPROVED. .
$12,000— Leaven worth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:8, with house. _
$11,000 Cor. Dupont. and Hlnckley; 20x57:6;
store and lodging-house; rents $85.
$6500— Ellis, nr. Buchanan; 36:9x60; flats; rents
$56 50. „ - .
$6250— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
$5600— Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$5000— Page. nr. Pierce;. 25x187:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
$4500— Green, near Powell; 21:3x69:9; flats;
rents $38.
$4500— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
$4200— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
. $4000 — aye., nr. Point Lobos; 50x120; worth
$5000. " - .'.
$2500— 3d aye.. nr. Clement St.; 25x120: cottage.
$2000— 2Sth. nr. Sanchez; 25:5x114; cottage.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
stable.
UNIMPROVED.
$2500— Steiner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$I*oo— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th: 25x125.
Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110. -
25x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lota,
25x55; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lota,
Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine st., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$7600. Washington St., near Taylor, formerly
$10,000— House 11 rooms: lot 41x137:6.
$2800, reduced from 6-room house and ■ !
lot 25x100, near Market and Fillmore sts.
$25,000. formerly $38,000— A very prominent
corner yielding now 8 per cent, and will surely
go up to $50,000. • .
$3000— Fine 2-story house in Western Addi-
tion.
$3000. formerly $13,000— Ninth St., near Mis-
sion: must be sold; only $4000 cash wanted.
$17,000— An undivided half of lot 125x105 feet,
covered with buildings yielding good rent, on i
Mission street, near Sixteenth.
$2100— Fine new cottage at the Mission.
$8000, formerly $9000— Rent $70; 4 flne flats; j
Western Addition; lot 49xS0.
$<250 for a splendid house and lot 25x110;
Golden Gate Park, near Baker st. .
. -. IN THE HEART OF TOWN. .'  . .
' Several excellent properties on Market street,
' one and two blocks from the Baldwin.- - . •
$42,500— st.. near Market; large lot;
well improved; stores and flats.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
000— Rent $160; a 2-corner house of 42 rooms
I and 6 baths.
$5750— Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary St.; lot 25x
125.
$5800— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st.
$2400— Rent $25: a double flat; 5 rooms below
and 6 rooms upstairs.
$30,000— Rent $260; stores and flats; . never j
vacant.
! $2000 — ONE-SIXTH cash, balance small j
monthly payments; 4 rooms and. bath cottage j
finished complete with every modern conve- j
nience; lot 25x114, on Twentieth St.. near Castro. !
$3600— 5500 CASH, balance Installments; a I
large 6-room 2-story hnuße with high finished j
basement: highly decorated and 4 bay-windows;
j street accepted; choice location. Castro St.,
near Twentieth. F. NELSON, 709 Castro st.
PRESIDIO Heights: $4400; handsome 8-room
house. Clay St., between Locust and Spruce;
nearly finished. Apply 2518 Pine st.
! FOR sale, cheap — A new, well-finished cottage,
with high basement, 4 rooms and bath; large
lot: must be. sold: party going East.. Apply
324 North aye., near Cortland st. . .
SOL GETZ & BROTHER . "
ROOM A, First i loor,
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! "PROFITS LATER!
$100. $150 to $250: level building lots near
Mission-street electric can?; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS -JTS'
$400, $450 to $850; officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400, $450 to $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered: $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
FOUR rooms, bath, pantry, porches, high
basement: new. $200 cash; $15 per month.
buy It. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market.
C. C. BEMIS,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT, -
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet.
$6700—60x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and -bay.
60-vara on Page St.; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
st. 109x95 feet. .
BAY window cottage. 5 rooms; St. Mary aye.;
Mission cars; $1500 (keys at grocery); $15
monthly. 413 Kearny St.
MUST be sold: cottage 6 sunny rooms and
bath; high basement; front and back garden; j
everything In first-class order; street work :
all done; part cash; lot 25x137:6. 2818 Bush
St., between Baker and Lyon.
$325— LARGE lot. 44x103:8. north line Howth St.,
near Geneva aye.: 2 car lines; Spring ValKy
water; nice neighbors. Owner. 21 Powell, r. 1.
PLANS, specifications, etc.. submitted for ■ any
kind of bldg. W. Rednall. bldr.. 1326 Hayes. ;
1 ■ *~*
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
160 ACRES alfalfa and stock ranch to exchange
for property here. A. A., box2o. Call.
PROPERTY WAXTED.
WANTED — City, Oakland or town property for
2200 acres grain and fruit land: 4 miles from ]
eteamers and railroad. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
WANTED To purchase a cottago of 3 or i I
rooms- within city limits: state lowest price i
an< full particulars. L. S.. 246 Pore st.
MODFRN house and lot of 6 or 7 rooms in !
Western Addition. Box 323, Call office. ,
ATTO R N EV 8 AT L AW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private J !
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-ct-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. ,
ALL private law cases, : bankruptcy, collections,
free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe.lo3 Larkin.:
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. ,
' W. W. DAVIDSON. »27 Market st.
L 8 CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: nn fees in advance. ,
" ~ BICYCLES. ~ -
STEARNS bicycle in good order; repair kit, ,
etc.; party going away. Apply at 1002 Polk >
St., room 1. •.". ___^ -.. ■ ' ■•■■■-..
BIG sacrifice, second-hand bicycles; first come, |
first served. J. HOLLR. 20th and Folsom sts.
~"™ - PHYSICIANS." ... ..■■;_'=•
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and : residence, 1
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
THE SAJS FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
Real Estate Agents.
$3000— Brand new - I^-story residence on
Twenty-first St., close to Bryant; contains 7
rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25x55; street bituminlzed
and accepted; keys at this office; open Sun-
days for inspection between 1 and 4 p. m.
Diamond Street, Near Twentieth.
$1250 Cottage of four rooms; lot 27:6 x
110. i
$100 Cash, Balance $15 Monthly.
$1500— Nice cottage on Diamond St., close to
Castro and Chenery; contains five rooms and
bath. • • >
— Twentieth St., near Castro; two-story
residence of 1 rooms and bath; also small
house in rear; mortgage of $1700 can remain;
lot 25x114.
$2000 — Small amount of cash required; very
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc., on Jersey St., near Castro.
$28,000— Rent $330;- an offer wanted; good
Chinatown investment on Washington St.;
extra large lot, over 70 feet by over 100 feet
in depth.
$4SO0 — Offer wanted; rent $47; Pine St., near
Franklin; two flats of 4 and 6 rooms and
bath each; also cottage on rear street; lot
has two frontages. ,
$21,000— Golden Gate aye.; corner of promi-
nent street; large lot, 40xS0; improvements
consist of flatu and two stores; rents $177 50.
Tehama Bt., near Eighth; two-story
frame building, containing 8 rooms; also a
two-story house of 8 rooms In rear; rent $35;
lot 2Cx75. ... ,
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$5 OR $10 per month will pay for a good build-
ing lot 25x120 in Sunset District, south of
Golden Gate Park; prices from $50 upward;
take a ride on the new electric cars (that
take the place of the old steam dummy) and
get off at _ Ninth aye. ; we have a branch
ofllce there and our asrent will supply you
with maps, etc. Branch office open Sundays.
Tt.M.J'V-'IN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
GTIiTuMBSEN~&^O^ "~
David Bush, Manager, Country Department
14 Montgomery street.
Installments — Freight $1 per ton fare 26c;
good fruit, grain, vegetable, sugar beet or al-
falfa land at $25 per acre and upward, ■ near
Stockton; quarter cash, balance installments;
send for circular. <
$2000— 10-acre fruit orchard at Los Gatos; no
buildings; part cash.
THE best puchase of land In the State: superior
vegetable land: deep rich alluvial soil; border-
ing on creek ; adjacent to railroad station;
only 16 miles from this city. In Alameda
County; the crops produced In quantity and
quality not excelled anywhere; the potatoes
raised there are of such superior quality that
every year they sell at from 50 to 75 per
cent more than most others; no such thing as
failure of crop; freight to city. 75c per ton:
•. good reasons will be giving for offering- to Bell
this 100 acres, which to the purchaser would
realize a fortune in a few years; the crop
now growing cannot ;be excelled In Alameda
County; If desired a large amount of money
can be borrowed on the -property; excellent
location. For full particulars and direction,
to view the property apply, to ALBERT E.
CRANE, (10 Montgomery st.
$450— HOMESTEAD 160 acres. 6 miles west of
Ukiah: cabin, springs and about 40 acres good
land for cultivation; balance valuable oak
timber and pasture. Addresa R., box 114,
Call office.
$2500—160 ACRES in Dennett Valley, 9 miles
from Santa Rosa: house, barn, orchard and
vlnevard; great bargain. Address R., box
114. Call of rice.
$1500— A PAYING farm, 20 acres, 14 miles from
city on road to Half moon Bay; good house
anl barn, orchards and garden: all rich loam.
yielding large crops grain, fruit, potatoes and
poultry; eaey terms. Address R., box 114,
Call offlc«.
$150 FOR 10 acres; payable $10 a month, -with-
out interest or taxes; fine* valley land, under
Irrigation canal; railroad runs through the
tract; fine fruit and farming land; only 18
tracts left; call Immediately and secure one
before it is too late. WESTERN LAND CO..
640 Market St. .
BARGAIN In East Petaluma; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 94x202: on corner; $800. For par-
ticulars address 232 Fifth Bt., city.
COUNTRY hotel doing a good business In a
thriving town 60 miles from San Francisco.
Address H 'tei, box 3, Call office.
MARIN County dairy ranches; Bell or lease; j
building lots and land by the acre In Ross
Valley. J. TU.VSTEAD, San Rafael. Cal.
STOCK UXI'S FOR SALE.
7200 acres, fort Seward ranch, with or with-
out 800 head of stock cattle.
2400 acres; Woodman ranch.
6000 acres: Alder Point ranch.
All located on Eel River, Humboldt County;
banner etock county and lands of California;
never failing water and wood; no drought*.
These ranches will .be sold on terms to suit
purchasers. For full particulars write H. T.
FAIRBANKS, Petaluma. Cal.
! GOOD income home in Novato, 12 acres;
water: cneap. \VM. BAUER, Novato, Ma-
rln Co.
NAPA Valley: 77 acres all under cultivation: j
good orchard; new 9-room house; barn; tools;
live stock; crop of hay and grain alone pays
from $1200 to $1500 yearly; price $£000. D. I
BRUTON, 204 Sacramento Bt. ■^■^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FRUITVALE. 3<4 acres; house, orchard; 14
chicken houses; only $2300. C. K. KING, 902
- Broadway. •
4-ROOM house,' 100x100 grounds; East Oakland;
owner wants to go away; 3400. C. K. KING,
902 Broadway, • Oakland.
10 ACRES at Lafayette,. Contra Costa County,
good house and barn; $1250; very cheap. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway.
WANTED — Good residence, in Oakland for fine
10-acre place at Hay wards; $7000 clear. C. K.
KING. 502 Broadway.
11 ACRES near San Leandro road; this side j
of Elmhurst: $400 per acre; fine land. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway.
$1000 — COTTAGE of 4 rooms and high base-
ment <4 years old) in West Oakland; within
walking distance of trains and can arrange
easy- monthly payments. HUGH ill. CAM-
ERON, Real Estate Dealer, 479 Ninth Bt..
Oakland. •
AT $20 per front foot we have choice building
lots on Eleventh Bt. ; all macadamized, sewered
and sidewalked and : near local trains; any
, size you want, on easy payments or a dis-
count for cash. HUGH M. CAMERON, 479
Ninth St., Oakland.
NO reason for paying rent when you ..-an get a
new room cottage and lot 50x125 in the Al-
vln Tract for $550, on small I payment down
nnd £5 rirnthly: take Haywards lo3al-tr»<n
to Elmhuret and see those new cottages; only
15 minutes' ride from San Francisco to Elm-
iMmt: i already sold. A. T. BATTEN, resi-
• dent agent. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery st. . •
HANDSOME modern home; Just completed; 2-
story, "-room; modern In every particular;
completely finished and specially well built:
lot' 40x125: 3 minutes from local station, 20
minutes ■ from San Francisco; one ,of the
choicest residence localities In Oakland; easy
monthly payments. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway.
2 ACRES. choice fruit; dm cottage, t rooms,
bath; 7-foot basement; chicken house; fine ar-
tesian well: windmill; tank house: Kencll ay.,
2 blncks from ■' San Leandro ' road, nr. pwr.
house, Elmhurst.' Inquire on prem. HAVES.
TO exchange — A 5-room: cottage with lot, 33x
100; 12 minutes' walk to local trains; to ex-
change for small Improved ranch convenient-
, ly located in bay counties; give full particu-
lars with price; must be clear of lncum-
brance.' Address J., box 9, Call. Oakland. .
HOUSES for sale on very easy terms;also
lots in Oakland at a great bargain; be sure
and call if -you want a home in Oakland or
a small ranch: bank references. E. E.
BUNCE, "908 Broadway, Oakland.
FLATS. 5 rooms and bath each; Market st.
station: paying 12 per cent interest; price
$2100; mortgage $2000; first come first served;
got to be sold to close out an estate. •
A new house, 7 rooms and bath; the very
latest design; near business ■ center and local
trains; $2COO less. than value; easy terma: own-
er a non-resident and his Instructions are to
sell regardless of cost; examine this property
before Investing elsewhere.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$390— FOR a S-room cottage and three nice j
lots: $25 cash; monthly installments to suit. .
$75— Lots in the Allendale . Tract, East Oak-
land, $5 cash, $5 monthly on one or more lots.
3 electric car lines; school; city water;
grand boulevard near: 35 families now located;
view, location and soil unexcelled; building up |
rapidly: , perfect drainage. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, > Oak-
land. H. Z.JONES, owner. . . ■
J. CALLAGHAN. real estat* dealer, notary
publir; iironprfv looked after. " Rl4 Brondvra*..
OAKLA..M HOI'SES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 8 rooma; bath; barn; Jar** lawn,
tennis court; conservatory; ent "hsap; cen-
tral; SBS 24th st.. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland ' Pickle , Fact.. 1622 QroTB. |
OAKLAND ROOMS VAKI) ; UOAKO.
BUNNY rooms wlth'board; quiet neighborhood;
near local tralnir. : 1020 Adeline at.. Oakland. .?
UAKLAND ; KI'RXITIHB - FOB SALK. .
FURNITURE— Good i and cheap. •-. H. 6CHELL-
HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See blm. ,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SEI.VED.
.UST like PAYING rent.
$1200. $1700, $1800, $2200, $2600. $3000.
■ The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4 5 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and invite
Inspection MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday?.
ONLY 3 lots left; 37:6x130; great bargain.
$275— Lot on McPherson St.; 25x120.
$2150—6 rooms; Alameda aye.; 50x150.
$3500—7 rooms; Cedar St.; beautiful home;
water front. "',' .
$3500—8 rooms; San Jose; great bargain.
$1550—7 rooms; lot 50x140; fine avenue.
$9500—12 rooms; Santa Clara aye.
$9000—12 rooms;- Central aye.; would ex-
change. E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park St.,
Alameda.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
$1300— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
$1500— 25x150; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath: any terms.
$2200— 25x147; nice new thinsrled 8-Btory
house; 6 rooms and bath. ,
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story: 7 rooms: worth
$2500.
$2800— Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; UD-to-date.
$3000— Lot 42x150; flne*NW. corner: 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
Lot 100x145; elc.. ant corner lot. with » rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
Houses to let. 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
COMPELLED TO SELL—
$2000— Lot 37:2x108; new 5-room cottage; Ala-
meda avenue; worth $. '0.
$♦000 — 45x130; new 7- room house; worth'
$3500: a snap.
$1500— Lot 25x108; new 5-room cottage; worth
$2500: Grand st.
$1200— Lot 50x150; San Antonio aye., near
Chestnut street.
$500— Lot 50x130; worth $1000.
All the above are centrally located, within 5
minutes' walk of trains and schools and can be
bought on easy Installments.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
Open Sundays and holidays.
, ALAMEDA HOUSES.
HOUSE, 14 rooms. In Alameda; rent $25. 1729
Everett st. and Eagle aye. - ■
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GRAIN and fruit ranch, only 26 miles . from
San Francisco, to exchange for San Francisco
or Oakland property. Address room 17, j 407
San Pablo aye., Oakland, Cal.
HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath: lot 40x135;
barn on premises; street work done: close to
steam and electric cars; worth $3300; easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center st.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot OQx
137:6, rented for $21; 1 block from station: siso
B-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODINO-
TON. t!l9 Stanford placf. opp. Bprkrirv Sta.
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
TWO acres in choice fruit; new cottage of 5
rooms and bath; 7-foot basement; barn;
chicken houses; fine artesian well, windmill
and. tank; only 3 blocks from electric cars.
For price and terms see H. A. PLEIT-
NER. Fruitvale Station.
— MODERN cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
7- foot basement; cement foundation; large
chicken house; lot 60x110. H. A. PLEITNER.
Fruitvale Station.
$1260— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; barn,
chicken houses: lot 100x105; all fenced: only 3
blocks from Fruitvale station. H. A. PLEIT-
NER, Fruitvale Station.
HOUSE of 2 rooms: chicken house: lot
50x130; fenced. H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale
Station. Cal.
MONEY TO LOAN.
-
MONEY loaned in the city and neighboring
towns on real estate, furniture, pianos, etc.,
without removal; also on notes, diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc. ; any amount from
$10 up, on any good security; business done
quickly, privately and strictly confidential;
when you want a loan please call: no troublo
to explain full particulars; can pay back In
monthly payments if you desire; low rate.i
and honest dealing: no commission. CALI-
FORNIA MORTGAGE AND COLLATERAL
LOAN-CO., room 90S, Examiner building.
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by Installments at exceptionally low
rates of interest.
Special terms quoted for loanß on life poli-
cies. Interest* under wills. & 2d & 3d mrtßs.
Promissory notes discounted & all financial
business transacted. R. GOULD, 131 Mont'gy.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
j HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94& Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. IJO Powell st.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
SECOND mortaKftfrea and undivided interests In
estates a specialty MURPHY. 636 Market «t.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates;
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; let and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED— For 1 year. $1500 at 10 per cent on
note indorsed by person worth $50,000. Box
370. Call office,
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — To borrow $6000 at t% per cent on
gcd city property. Box 2C'l. Call.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any diseases or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 &0 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— before pur-
chasing elsewhere write vi.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self-cure, 15; pills, Jl.
MRS. DX. WYETH, 208 Turk «t., near Jonea.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V. ;
offices. Hackmeler Hotel, 123 Eddy St.; hours
9 to 11, 2 to 6 and 6 to 8; consult him for
treatment on all diseases peculiar to women;
patients aaaured first-clacs medical attend-
ance, besides enjoying privacy of home with
experienced lady attendants; strictest confi-
dence maintained all cas.es; consultation free.
LADIES. Chichester 1 * English Pennyroyal PIIU
(Diamond Brand), best; lafe, reliable; takt
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
NEW process for female trouble: no matter
from what cause: no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace: consultation free: can be sent and used
at home; i>llls and c.-ip^ulps, Jl : cure, |5; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cauße; no instruments usfd; guaranteed
cure at office, $6: travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients ; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150: RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER. IJI2 Golden Gate
aye. , private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infant* adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S Frenoh pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; it 60;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home A; treatment by Mrs.Karr.
1514 Fulton st. ; McAllister car passes houaa.
MRP. ACHARD. midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alone. $6. 156 Second st.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetst; infallible, wife reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 2R4V4 Fourth St.
DR. HALL. 1»28 Market at, diseases of women
and children.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 715 Sutter, near Taylor— Unsurpassable for
Dr. or dressmaker; workroom 25x35: choice for
business and residence combined; investigate.
BAKER, 1718— House, 8 rooms; rent $30. EAS-
TON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market St.
BAY-WI. ~>W house, 4 rooms and basement:
210"£ Perry st. ; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
ELLIS, 1472, near Buchanan— 6 rooms and bath
and planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., near Webster— lo rooms
and bath; modern improvements; $50.
HOUSE of six rooms and bath; 6 Golden court,
bet. Hyde and Larkin; very cheap; central.
MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath; rent $IS. Apply
at 626 Eddy st.
O'FARRELL, 1456 and 1458; sunny side; 7 rooms
and bath; rent $30; key at 1464.
PINE and Hyde sts. — Large house of 33 rooms,
S baths; very centrally located; only $150.
MADISON & BURKE.
SACRAMENTO st., 1630— North side, east of
Polk: sun all day; new, clean and rretty;
ingrain paper; new chandeliers; mnrb'.e und
tile lavatory; art windows; ma'v'pany and
oak mantels; new cedar cl'jsets with .nlrvors
in doors; porcelain bath tub with niarhie
washstand; servant's room, laundry, etc., in
basement: postoffice and cross lines cable
cars at door; key on premises 1 p. in. ta-da>.
TO RESPONSIBLE party— House 7 rooms. Pre-
sidio Height, 3323 Clay, near Central aye. Call
1 to 4. Key 3815 Clay; reasonable.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOW ELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$12— HOUSE of 6 rooms. Lawrence place, oft
Fremont St., between Harrisun and ttryant;
grand view of bay.
|14— HOUSE 6 rooms and bath: water free. 323
Castro St., bet. Market and Sixteen-a.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 88 Glen
Park aye.. off Twelfth
$30 — NEW modern house 8 rooms and bath;
marine view. 2331 Leavtnwurth St.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
BARTLETT, 434 — Conservatory, tiled bath
room, lawn, flower garden, 8 rooms; sanitary
plumbing; to a responsible tenant rent rea-
sonable; 2 to 4 p. m.
BELVEDERE— Coiy furnished cottage; com-
plete for housekeeping for two or three peo-
ple and servant; bath; large gunny living
room: $36 monthly; two to four months. K.
E. McGILL. 18 Post st.
PACIFIC aye., 1521—8 roomi, bath; yard: lawn;
water free; $30. Apply forenoon.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3628 A —Bunny cottage, 5 rooms, base-
ment; yard; rent $8 per month; rear house.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath, gas; sunny; good
view; $16. 3 Codman place, off Washington
St., bet. Powell and Maeon.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; bath; finished basement;
large stable; chicken house. 421 Eighth aye.,
Richmond.
COTTAGE, 6 roomß and bath; $12. 454 Clipper
street.
EIGHTEENTH and Guerrero— 7 sunny, papered
rooms; bath; large grounds; warm belt; $18.
NICE cottage of 4 rooms; large lot 50x110;
good stable; out houses; fine place for man
with horses. 3244 Harrison St., near Preclta
aye. ; rent 310. ____
4 ROOMS, $9; 4 r. and bath, $14; 5 r. and bath.
$15; 7 r. and bath, $17; or will sell; $50 to $250
cash, balance $10 to $20 per month. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market et., S. F.
4-ROOM cottage, bath and gas, $14. 522 Shot-
well St., near Twentieth.
$14— COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath; basement
and yard. 812 Potrero aye.
15TH, nr. Dolores— Sunny newly renovated cot-
tage?: 5 rooms: bath: basement; yard; ch«ap.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED if •een; rarely beautiful; N.W.
corner Sutter and Scott; 6 big rooms and
glazed porch; or N. W. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth; 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable: all flooded with sunshine.
ELEGANT middle 6-room flat, bath, $18; lower,
6 rooms, bath, $14. 411 Lyon st., near Hayes.
ELEGANT 7-r. ,1:1 corner flat. 632 Church St..
1 block from Mission High School.
ELEGANT upper flat; 7 large rooms; bath
and basement: $27 50. 655 Fell st.
FINE flat; 7 rooms: bath; 621 McAllister. bet.
Van Ness uve. and Franklin st. Apply 632
Golden Gate aye.
FLATS— New; choice; 6 rooms; all modern im-
provements; $18. 1714 Hyde St.
FLAT; 5 rooms; bath; nearly new; rent $15.
616 Connecticut st.
FLAT, i rooms and bath. 904 Minna St., near
Tenth.
FLAT — Twenty-first and Valencia; six room*
and bath; desirable for doctor or dentist.
FLAT 1769 Ellis: 4 and 6 rooms and bath; rent
reduced. MADISON & BURKE.
FOLSOii, »30, bet. oth and 6th— s r. and b. ; $14.
• ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery it
FROM 4 to 8j rooms, $16 to $30; all tinted and
■decorated; modern; don't fall to see. Apply
112 Scott St.. near Haight.
FULTON. 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
and bath; near City Hall; $28.
GEARY, 633— Upper flat, 7 rooms and bath; all
light and sunny; thoroughly renovated; rent
moderate to desirable tenant.
GOLDEN GATE, 1736— Furnished mansion, 13
rooms; heater; billiards; large garden; fine
view.
HAIGHT, 1021, bet. Broderlck and Baker-
Sunny 6-room flat; fine view; near Park.
HOWARD. 862— Brick bldg; 6 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
JONES, 2328— Flat, 6 rooms, bath; large gar-
den; marine view; nice surroundings.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Flat of 5 rooms; mod-
ern improvements; rent $16.
LEXINGTON avf.. 2.7, near Nin.'t"«Titli— Upper
flat; 6 large sunny rooms; bath; $13.
MCALLISTER, 635— Upper flat 7 large rooms
and bath; reasonable rent.
MCALLISTER. 1723. nr. Broderlck— B r. and b. ;
rent $26. ASHTON CO., 411 Montgomery st.
NEW flats; $13; 285 Shipley «t., near Sixth;
with bath.
NICE sunny hnywln-lnv flat, nrw, for $11. 120
Valparaiso st.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
SAN JOSE ay.. 143, nr. 34th— New mod. flat 6
sunny rms; Kas: hot water: bath; $16.
SCOTT. 1815. near Pine— Light sunny modern
7-room flat; 10 closets; garden; reasonable.
SUNNY 4-room flat; modern improvements:
garden (stable if desired); rent $12. 1913
OFarrell.
SUNNY upper fiat, 3 rooms; rent $10; yard and
hall. 6Vi Bowie aye.
SUTTER, 181 SB. nr. Octavla— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON A GARDINER, 411 Montgomery it.
UPPER flat, 4 large sunny rooms, bath; gar-
den, yard and basement; low rent. 674 Fulton.
TEHAMA, 331— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; bath,
gas and all modern Improvements.
VALENCIA, 469, nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $11.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Tenants; flats and cottages re-
duced; 3 rooms now $fi up; 4 rooms $8 and up:
great inducements at BPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market St.
WASHINGTON. 1326, near Jones— Four large
rooms; rent $12; water fre«.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. '- ' ' . •' . • . . -.'.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye. $13. $14, $15, $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
4 ROOMS, with stable: rent $16. 1 Isls St..
bet. 12th and 13th, Folsom and Harrison.
$32 CORNER: '6 sunny rooma and bath. 218
Van Ness aye. '.
$12— UPPER flat. 4 rooms; lower, $10. 135 Ivy
aye., near .Van Ness. . , .
6 ROOMS,'- $14: ■ also - comfortable cottage, ■- 4
• sunny rooms. 623 Second, near Rlncon : aye.
j $11—5 ROOMS. 120 Valparaiso, near Jones and
i - Greenwich sts. .-'.-.' ... * - ' ;- 1 ■'•'■' ' ■
$12—4 ROOMS; large yard. 1017^ Union , st ,
between Jones and Leavenworth. •• . ,
' ,
$15—2 NEW upper modern sunny flats. 5 rooms
and bath. 26SS Twenty-second St.. nr. Bryant.'
$16—6 ROOMS and porcelain | bath 541 : Castro
< St., bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth. • •'*...:
;, $14 — 4 sunny rooms and bath; 4171 Twentieth
■t.. near Castro. • " ■ . • • . : ■•..
" — 8 ■- large ' rooms, " new building;, upper flat;
715 Castro st., near Twentieth.
$16—5 rooms; 16 Cumberland St., oft* Guerrero,
bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
 : • F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
, KOOMS FOR housekeeping.
■A— SUITE of t nice front sunny rooms, com-
I plete for housekeeping; 2 folding ! beds; ;1. In
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
9 furniture all new ; ■ $3 ; per week ; suitable ' for
} 4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st., bet. First and .' Second. . • -' ■-, •
AT ■:• 622 — Nice , sunny unfurnished : front
suite; also single room; rent cheap. :•'/;■•,.„?./
AT 245 Eighth :: St.— Handsomely, furnished
C suite for housekeeping, very cheap; - unfurn-
ished rooms, $3 month. " t r • ■•.■■.. * '-.'
BRTANT, 511. near Third— Nicely furnished
■unny suite, front, $S per month. ; ,
HOI'SEtftEEPIXG ROOMS— Continued.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Sunny bay
windows and kitchens, en suite; $12 to $15.
BUSH, 675 — 3 well-furnished sunny rooms, with
bath, complete for housekeeping, $20.
CEDAR aye., 14V4— 1 or 2 furnished or unfur-
nished rooms.
EDDY, 604—1, 2 or 3 elegant sunny rooms;
piano; bath; gas; nice kitchen if desired.
EDDY, 813 — An upper floor of 4 newly furnished
rooms, or will rent separate.
ELLIS, 611 — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished or unfurnished; also 2 in basement.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkin — Large sunny room;
gas stove and bay-window alcove.
FIFTH, 309 — Nicely furnished sunny connect-
ing rooms, Ist floor; complete kitchen; run-
ning water.^
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay— 3 sunny unfur-
nished rooms to Email family; $10.
FOURTH. 329 — Sunny front furnished or un-
furnished rooms for housekeeping^cheap.
HANOVER House, Howard st, bet. 4th and
sth— 2 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms,
from $8 to $10 per month.
HARRISON, 925 — 1 or 2 large housekeeping
rooms; furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
HOWARD, 714— Furnished housekeeping room;
also single sunny front room: rent $5 month.
HOWARD, 112SH— Front suites for housekeep-
ing; water; stovee; bath; rent $10 and $12.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— Newly fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath, gas; cheap.
JESSIE, 373. near Emporium— Front room,
housekeeping, $6.
LAFAYETTE, 31, bet. Eleventh and Twelfth—
4 unfurnished rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN, 433— Neatly furnlEhed bay-window
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 625^—3 unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping; hot and cold water; bath.
LEWIS, 18. off Taylor, near Post— Sunny room
and kitchen; unfurnished; reasonable.
LYON, 1301—2 furnished or unfurnished rooms
with use of kitchen.
MINNA, 28— Furnished housekeeping and single
rooms; piano free.
MINNA 546— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng.
MINNA, 571B— Nice sunny housekeeping rooms,
$5 up.
MISSION, 561, near Second— Large sunny front
room and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 821— Large parlors, with kitchen,
complete; large single room, $2 a week.
MISSION, 834—1 front sunny housekeeping
room, $8; also others at $6; nice and quiet.
MISSION, 1125 V&— Large front room; house-
keeping; large front room, with kltohen; $8
and $10.
MISSION, 1415—2 unfurnished sunny rooms, $S.
NATOMA, 605—2 furnished front rooms for
housekeeping: also single.
NINTH, 21— Sunny suite of rooms; light house-
keeping; running water and stove.
OAK, 1191—3 or 5 furnished rooms; entrance
Park; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
OCTAVIA, 155, near Haight— l or more sunny
unfurnished or furnished rooms; no children.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay window
and kitchen; gas stove: $13.
POST, 503 — Front and back parlors for house-
keeping; gas; running water; for business;
cheap.
POST. 617^— Front and back parlor and kitch-
en; unfurnished; for housekeeping.
PROSPECT Place, 123, Powell. Stockton, near
California— l to 4 rooms; bath; complete for
housekeeping; $4 to $17; private: German.
SANCHEZ, 25, near 13th— Four fine unfurnished
rooms: adults; bath; yard; upper floor. $12 50.
SHIPLEY, 259 — 4 rooms, $6; water and scav-
enger free; no children, cats nor dogs.
SIXTH, 314 — Front bay-window suite furnish-
ed for housekeeping; rent $10.
SIXTH, 4CS, cor. Harrison— Large sunny rooms;
suitable for two; $8 up; also single.
SHCTWELL. 736—2 housekeeping rooms fur-
nished.
bTTtH PARK, 184—2 large eunny rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 246— Two rooms and bath; unfur-
nished^
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping room* com-
plete; first floor; bath and gas.
TURK, 405— Nicely furnished light housekeep-
ing rooms, $7 to $14; with bath.
TURK 539— Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, $6 and $8; housekeeping privileges. _
TWENTY- FOURTH, 3206. corner Howard-
Three furnished sunny rooms, with bath.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3601 — Bay-window house-
keeping. $10; single, $4: also unfurnished suite.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3163, near Howard— 2 fur-
nished rooms with use of kitchen.
UNION, 801. corner Mason— 2 front housekpg
rooms, furnished or unfurnished; private; $7. i
VALENCIA, 1012—3 furnished rooms for light
housekeeping. $10.
VAN NESS, 518—2 sunny rooms complete for
light housekeeping, with bath, $12.
2 NICE large unfurnlshtd housekeeping rooms
with bath in flat with private family; Clay,
near Polk. Inquire 611 Polk St.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 4IG O'Farrell; elegant sunny rooms; suites;
single; by day, week or mo.; baths, running I
water. . |
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719. 829^ and Mason j
407 — Choice; sunny; reasonable; investigate.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
funny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-claas
in every respect; terms reasonable..
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city. 25c; tel. Main 49.
A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front
rooms; suite, single; facing plaza; day or mo.
A— SELECT home; Hotel Florence, 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell; elevator; baths: best attention.
AT 147 Powell, 211 O'Farrell— Rooms by the
day, week or month; very reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, 434*— Large sunny furnished
room; private family; $3 month.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
DOLORES, 637, near Twentieth— Sunny fur-
nished front room, with use of piano; suit-
able for music teacher; would take lessons
for part rent; reasonable.
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished sunny single and
double rooms; also large front alcove room.
ELLIS, 1800— Apartments ; 2 elegantly furnished |
rooms with immense closets and connected by ;
fine lavatory; separate library or reception i
room; new; quiet.
FOLSOM, 766^^-2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let; cheap.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
FOLSOM, 1289— Handsomely furnished front
parlor; folding-bed; for 1 or 2; $7. private.
FULTON, 213— Pleasant furnished room; nice
private family; central; reasonable.
FULTON, 311— Nicely furnished sunny room for |
1 or 2 gentlemen. .
FULTON, 610B — Large unfurnished room; ran- !
ning water; store; closet; flat; modern; rta- j
sonable. >
GRANT aye.. 17 — Front suite, first floor; single
rooms; housekpg rooms; transients solicited.
OSART, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms, suites /or single. MKS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 556— Elegant suite parlors; piano;
bath; gas; double, single rooms; light house-
keeping. :
GEARY, 610— Elegantly furnished rmi. ; suite* ;
and single; also handsome doctor's suite.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cam. i
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Miseion— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HAIGHT, S— Large sunny bay-window room,
suitable for two.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Miseion— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784H, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; quiet home; all conveniences;
J! week.
HARRISON, 926—15: furnished neat small front
room with closet and bath.
HYDE, UN (Hotel Victoria) — Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms reasnble.
JONES, 207 — Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms; reasonable: gas; water; bath; central.
LARKIN 227, cor. Golden Gate — Nice sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove.
LARKIN, 408— Sunny elegant front room; pri-
vate house; rent moderate.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front; neatly fur-
nished; 1 or 2 persons; light housekeeping If
desired; JB.
LEAVEN WORTH, 214— Nicely furnished par-
lors; also other rooms; prlvllige of house-
keeping; reasonable.
MINNA, W7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; Jl per week.
ROOMS TO U-Vr— Continued.
LEAVENWORTH, 215— T0 let, a neatly fur-
nished parlor; morning sun; bath; use of
kitchen; or nice for single gentleman; central.
MCALLISTER, 511— Homelike front suite for
housekeeping; single and. double rooms;
cheap.
OAK, 520— Sunny front room; private family;
no other roomers; references.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day. week or month.
OFAERELL, 827— Large front rooms; well
furnished; $8 and $10 per mo.; nice and quiet.
O'FARRELL, 80S— S unfurnished rooms with
bath.
O'FARRELL. 1307— Large handsome sunny bed-
room, or bedroom and parlor; private; refs.
PERRY, 174— Sunny front bay-window room,
with bath: suitable for man and wife.
POST, 239 (Bohemia), 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
Sunny, large, newly furnished; single or en
suite; all conveniences; elevator; reasonable.
POST, 618H— Nice furnished bay-window room;
gas; bath; closet.
POWELL. 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Elegant-
ly furnished rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Girard House>—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTTVELL, 232— Sunny furnished bedroom;
kitchen and bath; $8.
SIXTH, 212 l 4— Nice sunny room, suitable 2 gen-
tlemen; also single room; cheap, right party.
SIXTEENTH, 2822— Furnished rooms; with or
without housekeeping; every convenience.
STEVENSON, 564— Large sunny front room
nicely furnished; cheap to right party.
STOCKTON, 419 — Sunny front bay-window
rooms; very reasonable.
SUTTER, 309— Pleasant sunny rooms; neat and
clean; terms reasonable.
SUTTER, 114S— Front suite: also 2 or 8 very
nice rooms for light housekeeping; g_s and
bath.
TAYLOR, 108— Nice sunny front suite; 2 beds;
running water; bath; gas; light housekeep-
ing; rent cheap.
TAYLOR, 407—2 sunny front rooms furnished.
THIRD, 340— _ingle room; rent $3 50 per
month.
TURK, L27— Nice large light parlor, suitable
doctor or of flee; cheap to right party.
TWELFTH, 145, corner Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping; also
single.
WILLIAM, 14, near O'Farrell and Jones-
Furnished sunny front room for 2 gentlemen;
price $10.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BARTLETT, 447— Large sunny front room and
board; suitable for two gentlemen.
BUSH, 675— Nicely furnished front suite; first
floor; first-class family board for 2, $50; single
room and board, $23; use of bath.
CALIFORNIA, 1520— Pleasant sunny parlor;
single rooms; board optional.
EDDY, 616— Wanted young lady to room and
board; private family; reasonable.
ELLIS, 518— Nice sunny rooms with flrst-clas»
table board; use of parlor, piano; $20 up^
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny alcove; hot and cold water;
board; .for two gents; reasonable; private.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Nice sunny rooms;
bath; gas; telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Sunny newly furnished
rooms; best table board; special rates; gents.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY room, first-class board; home cooking;
running water; bath; gas; piano; use private
team, telephone; downtown. 822 Bush st.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 8, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family board-
ing-house: first class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
VALENCIA. 1070 (The Irving)— Family boardg;
\viirm belt; large grounds; sunny rooms; reaa.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Beautifully furnished
eunny rooms; hoard If desired; references.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY having nice home wishes child to board;
best of care; object, company. 459 Minna st.,
near Sixth.
LADY would take one or two children or In-
fants to board. 23514 Natoma st.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board: good
home and care; near school. 51 Clara st.
LADY with a fine home, beautiful lawn, 771
Fifth st.. Oakland, would like infant or child
to board.
STORKS TO LET.
A— NEW stores, 133 Ellis and 233 Powell Bts. j
month free. Apply SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
CORNER grocery store and barroom, with fix-
tures complete and cellar; 3 living rooms;
rent $25. Corner Diamond and Nineteenth
sts. : key upstairs.
CITY Hall square, 17— Large light ston», $50.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
FINE store with living rooms; Dt for any
business; 1007 Larkln st; $14. Apply 102
Eddy at.
NATOMA, 1008, near Eleventh— Store, fixtures;
I 3 living rooms; any business or dressmaking;
| $10 50.
■ NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.;
handsome corner store; cheap to good parties.
STORE— Twenty- third and Guerrero; desirable
for drug store; concrete cellar.
STORE — Twenty-first and Valencia; deelrabla
for dry goods or shoe store.
TURK. 422, near Larkln— Store. $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st
TWENTY-THIRD, 3552. near Guerrero — Store,
with fixtures; two rooms and cellar.
$9— STORE and living room at 337 Noe St.;
prosperous neighborhood.
OFFICES TO LET.
EA?mX^EPRECK^LS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
HALLS TOJLET.
ELEGANTLY furnished meeting hall with nec-
essary accommodations. Inquire at Loyola
Hall, SE. corner of Tenth and Market sts.:
entrance on Tenth st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
: AS we are selling good upright pianos for W
i cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investl-
! gate and approve this method; prices are th»
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer.
i A— MARSHALL & WENDELL, $75; C. Hall.
$100: Bradbury. $13°; Neuman, $145; Sterling,
1 $185- Estey. $100; guaranteed; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering^agents.
16 O'Farrell st.
i A FEW Snaps— Fisher, $40; Emerson, $50; Dew-
Ins Bros., $150; elegant new piano, $175; th»
best cash bargains In the city. THE J.
DEWING CO., second floor. Flood building.
WE invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary St.;
corner Grant aye., Connover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSK' CO.. m Market St.
A— sfin : UPRTGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent. $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor, Tenth.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights. $75 up;
rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister st.,
next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH«
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mt^LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SU WING' MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and Whits
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$3 MONTHLY, rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
1314
iDEXTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $."»; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth ■without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; all
■work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jegsle US3.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from v to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open evea-
* Ings. 997 Market st., cor. Sixth. «,
sr[ LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and filling a
bpeclalty: all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and . warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 868 Mission, cor. Sixth.
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRISTIE. S Mason at., cor. Market.
CARPET CUBAHIHG.
CITY St»am Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, leys carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
SS and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
Seating Work?. 353-5" Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. QEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c.
STRATTOX. I Elghtl et. ; tel. Jessie M 4.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaaiag Co., 240 14th
Bt. ; cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission "74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 883 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; trlephons South IS6.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. G Id n West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission st. ; te!. Mint IS2I.
LATE SHIPPING- INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ALBlON— Arrived Aug 6— Schr Mary Dodge,
hence Julr 27.
MARRIAGE L.ICEXSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John W. Moffitt and Florence Partridge... so-35
Ge.rse A. Proctor and Loui&a Ferguson.. 37-30
Frank K. Terry and Katie E. McKay 23-18
Charles E. Waymlre and L.-'na P. McCray. .81-18
William J. Colvin and Rosie Maga110n ...... 26-24
Robert .T. Stanoevich and Ella M. Davis.. 2S-28
Fred Masch and Augoste Leidloff 46-43
Tobias J. Hoch Jr. and Nellie L. Knight.. 32-30
George W. Harris an.i Ethel M. McKeazie. 24-24
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriaze and death notices sent by
Biail will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
anu be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
Bonx.
BRANDT— this city, August 3, 1898, to the
wife of James A. Brandt, a daughter.
DEAS— August 5. 1898. to the wiie of J. Deas. a
daughter.
GODDBAN— JuIy 24. IS9S, to the wife of Frank
E. Goodban. a son.
HAVES— In this city, August 2, 1898. to the
wife of John T. Kaye.-. a son.
KOTTINGER— In this city, July 30. IS9S, to the j
wife of C. M. Kottingtr, a son.
MCDONALD— In this city. July 24, IS9B. to th£
wire of D. J. McDonald, a daughter.
MURKEN— JuIy 16, IS9B, to the wife of A. H. I
Murken, a son.
MURPHY— 31, IS3S, to tha wife of J. L.
Murphy, a son.
NICHOLSON— L 1898, to the wife of
Angus Nicholson, a son.
PETERSON— In this city, July 30, la&S, to the
wife of Edgar Peterson, a son.
6CHWARTZE— JuIy 21. 1898, to the wife of
K. S:hwartie, a daughter.
"WHITELAW— In this city, August 4. IS9S, to |
the wife of Thomas A. Whltelaw, a son.
WULFF— JuIy IS, IS9S, to the wife of Henry I
J. H. Wulff. a daughter. I
MARRIED.
CHITICE— ROBrNETTE— In San Rafael, May
S, 1898, by the Rev. Father Eagan, William
R. Chitice and Estella M. Roblnette of San
Francisco.
JACKERSON— BUCKLEY— In this city, March
30, 1858, by Judge Barry, Thomas Jackerson
and Alice J. Buokley, both of San Francisco.
BMiTH— SARGENT— this city,' August 2,
1898, by Hon, James M. Troutt, Superior
Judge. Frank W. Smith of Redding, Shasta
County, and Frances Lincoln Sargent of San
Francisco.
WEINBERG— SCHUTZ— In this city, August 1,
ISSB. Fred W. Welnberg and Pauline L.
Schutz. both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Andersen, Bertha C. Kelly, Catherine
Andersen. Louis A. Kingsley, May
Brown, William Langrehr, aathllda j
Capron, Adelia B. Lennoa, Rosa
Connell, Edward McConahey, Mary
Conner, Martin E. McMahon. Alice
Dusenbery. Eser Pagel. Elizabeth
Foye. Margaret Pherson, Oustave A. I
Gannon, Elizabeth Russoll, Rev. Mother !
Hancock, Ruth A. Schintz, Henry
Jolinston, Elizabeth .
ANDERSEN— In this city, August i. 1898, Ber-
tha Christina, b«loved wife of John Andersen,
and sister of Martin Laust»en, a nativfe of
Denmark, aged 53 years. I
E7"Frien<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1312 Broderick street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city, August 5. 1838.
Louis A., beloved son of Joseph and Sarah
Anderson, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 months and 9 days.
BROWN— his ranch in Moraga Valley, Con-
tra Costa County, August 6, IS9S, William, be-
loved husband of Fannie Brown, and father
of G. w. Brown, a native of Ireland, aged
77 yeans 2 months and 26 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attei'd the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Albert Brown, 468 Thirteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CAPRON— In South San Francisco. August 5,
1898, Adelia 8., dearly beloved daughter of
Samuel C. and ■ Margaret Capron, and dearly
beloved sister of Albert and Alice Capron, a
native of San Francisco, ared 9 years 7
months and 12 tiaj's.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
. (Sundr.y), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1719 Thirteenth avenue south,
between N and P streets south. South San
Francisco, thence to Fifteenth-avenue Metho-
dist Episcopal Church. Filteenth avenue, near
P street south, for services. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
CONNELL— In St. Lucia, July 9, 1838. Ed-
ward, dearly beloved husband of Nettle Con-
nell, and father of Marlon Connell. a native
of Dumbarton, Scotland. '
CONNER— In this city, August 6, 1898, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Martin E., beloved eon uf
Mrs. L. A. Conner of La Conner, Wash., aged
17 years and 10 months.
DUSENBERY— In this city, August 3, 1898.
Eser, beloved husi of Helena Dusenbery.
and father of Samuel Dusenbery, a native of
Rypin, Poland, aged 68 yc^ru.
IC^FrlendK and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Sl6 Geary etreet. Interment HillH of
Eternity Cemetery, by epeclal train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 1:30 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL—
cers and members of the Congregation Sherith
Israel are hereby requested to attend the
' funeral of our ex-president, Eser Dusen-
. bery, this day (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 616 ary street.
LOUIS BROWN. President.
. ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
FIRST HEBREW BENEVOLENT SOCIETY—
Officers and members of the First Hebrew
Benevolent Society are respectfully requested
to attend the . funeral of our late member.
E. Pusenbery, this day (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock, fruni his late residence, 616 Geary
street. M. GOLDWATER. President.
S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
O. C. F.— Officers and members of Crystal
Council No. 4, O. C. F., are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late friend, Eser Dv-
Benbery, this day (Sunday), at. 12:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, 610 Geary street.
E. P. FIG EL. Councilor.
M. H. ATKINSON. Secretary.
FOYE— thl= city, August 5. 1333, Margaret,
beloved wlie of the late Francis Foye,
mother of Mary. Maggie, Frank. James and
Rose Foye and Mrs. L. C. Barradas. and sis-
ter o.* Michael and Bernard Reynolds, a na-
tive of County Leltrim, Ireland, aged 53 years.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 20 Washington avenue, • between Mis-
sion . and Howard, Ninth and Tenth streets,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.'
GANNON— In this city, August 5, 1898, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Michael Gannon, mother
of Maggie. Thomaii, Joseph and Christina
Gannon and Mrs. Mary Plqucrez and Mr-
Lizzie Withers, and sister of Thomas and
Mary Kearney. Mrs. P. Cunane and the late
Maggie Lessalle, a native of the parish of
Ellfin, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged G2
years.
gy Friends and acquaintances are respoct-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3C o'clock, fr m her late resi-
dence, 185 Tehama street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will bo celebrated for tho
repose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
HANCOCK— In Berkeley, August 6. IS9B, Ruth
Ames, beloved daughter of Charles G. and
Mary E. Hancock, a native of Oakland, aged
U months and It day*.
JOHNSTON— In this city, August 5, Elizabeth,
dt-arly ( beloved wife of John Johnston and
mother of Mi-s. J. H. Wilson, Samuel, Jennie
E.. Matilda,*, Henry C. and John R. Johnston
and grandmother of Willie H. Wilson, a na-
tive of County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged 33
years and 5 months.
CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 735 Minna street, between Eighth and
Ninth. ■■ Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral c"ar from Ninth and Har-
KELLY- In this city, August 6, 189S, Catherine,
beloved wife of Michael Kelly,- and mother ot
John, Cornelius, Henry. Dan, Jerry and Char-
lie Kelly, Mrs. J. A. Peterkin. Mrs. E. Rllley,
Mrs. T. Rilley and the late Mrs. T. J. Dun-
lgan, a native of Drumoles^. County Cork,
Ireland, aged 6$ years.
ICNotice of funeral hereafter.
KINGSLEY-In this city, August 5, ISSS, May,
dearly. beloved daughter of Thomas and Eliza-
beth Kingsley, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years 2 months and 4 days. (Sacra-
mento papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 2227' i Mission street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
LANGUEHR— In this city. August 6. 1898, Ma-
thilda Langrehr, beloved mother of Henry C.
I Langrehr I and Mrs. George Katz, a native
of Hamburg, Germany, aged 60 years and 3
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2001 Oak street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
LENNON— In this city. August 5. 1898, Rosa
Lennon. a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
McCONAHEY— In this city. August 5. IS9B.
Mary, beloved mother of Maud. Robert and
James McConahey, daughter of the late Wil-
liam and Catherine Donovan, and sister of
Mrs. George Patton, Frank Donovan and the
late Hannah and Stephen Donovan, a native
of Sen Francisco.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
Btre«t, ttence to St. Joseph's Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
McMAHON— In this city, August 5, ISOS, Alice,
beloved wife of the late Huich McMahon,
mother of Alice. Ellen, Ross and Owen Mc-
Mahon and Mrs. Welch, and sister of Peter
Mulligan,' a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land, aj?ed 66 years.
|C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock sharp, trom her late
residence, 1311V4 Broadway, thftnee to St.
Brlgld's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAGEL— In Oakland, August 5, IS9B, Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Frank Pagel. and
mother of Amelia, Anna, *"red and Adolph
Pagel. a native of Pfalz. Germany, aged 39
years 9 months and 11 days.
PHERSON— In this 'city, Aupust 6, IS9S. Gus-
tave A., youngest and beloved son of Hugo
and Christine Pherson, and brother of Carl
O. Pherson. a native of San Francisco, aged 8
months and 15 days.
RUSSELL— this city, August 6, IS9B. Rev.
Mother Mary Baptist Russell. Sister of
Mercy, a native of County Down. Ireland,
aged 70 years. (London, England, Dublin
and Newry. Ireland, papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
August 9. at 10 o'clock, from th<9 cha:>e! ol
St. Mary's Hospital, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
.p r .a(. of her soul, commencing at the above
hour. Please omit flowers.
SCHINTZ— In this city, August 5. IS9S, Henry,
beloved husband of Bertha Schintz, and
father of Mrs. J. Kull and Ida, Henry. Clara,
PLobert and Flora Schlntz. a native of Zurich.
Switzerland, aged 76 years 6 months and S
days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 3258 Seventeenth street, between How-
ard and Mission. Interment Cypress Le.vn
Cemetery, by carriage. -
IJHcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
lOHXKAX, DIKECTOKS & EilBALMEiii I
it JITTH BT.. Opp. Linwla $>*»>:. i
Telephone. South 8a B
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
CTNDEIiTAKEKS AND EMBAJLMEtt^
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye., near Market «t-. Saa
y*ranclaco. Telephone 80. H6.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E F Frazer. Sacto E Christy, Auburn
H J Small. Sacto Mrs T W Hintzelman,
W Wood. Sacto Sacto
H L Moorman. N V T Smith & w Dawson
' T Langford&w, Eureka E L Hemenway, Minn
! C S Hawley, Utah G W Tatterson & w,
1 F Jones. Sacto Stockton
: X H Plate. San Jose C L Walter, Fresno
E B Rogers, S Mateo F G Barry, Fresno
R E Kent. Sacto Miss Knox. Sacto
E Hackett, Oakland R L Schotield, Xorthfld
R P Anderson. Chlco C Stewart&w. Pasadna
J D Smith. Sacto J F Morrison, S Diego
W W Na-ughton. S Rfl P Johnson, Angels Cp
C Gillis, Yreka M Marks. Oroville
L Harris & w, L Ang W Hopkins. Sacto
E M Murray, Boston J W Wood & d. Nev
J F Parkinson & w. E X Colburn. N V
Palo Alto S Newell, Stockton
D P Durst. Wheatland A Oreer, N V
Mrs S Smith. Stockton J E Baxter, L Ang
Miss Long, Stockton |P Musto.w &d. Stock
Miss E Xilbun. Newn J H Mugridge, Vallejo
T B Bond, Lakeport W P Alexander. Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J M Bowman Jr, N Y.G W Jenks, Detroit
T>' E Franklin. Ohio Z T George, L<je Ang
C W Strine, Phila W D Davis, Cal
Mrs M H Dow Mo Q Sanderson & w, Cal
T Longmore, Cal L Idler. St Louis
M E liarri;. Oakland E Lungstrans, Mo
C F Oliver, Stockton H Williams, St Louis
S We!nheimer. Mo A Hess. New York
Mrs E Greenbow. B C R D Simpson. Ls Ang
G Rcthermel, San Jose Johnson, Phoenix
A Bettens, Byron R Lauy>en, Stockton
R H Brcwn & w, Cal C A Gould & w. Cal
X W Alsbrook, Ky ! H Denmlck, Vallejo
Dr W G Downing. Cal M Westcott, Concrd
Dr J W Stltt, Vacavlle H S Tittle, Auburn
Lieut Gustin, Cal : j B Hayward, London
Mrs Gustin, Cal I
PALACE HOTEL.
S Long, Chicago |A J Hechtman, Sacto
J M Thomas' & ' v . Ohlo!F W Sneed & w. Mo
? H Westtall. Sacto Mrs E L Jones. lowa
■V C Craig & w, Phila L de Henly. Monterey
Ri£ Russ. Ljs Ang C P Thor°, Orepon
W A Green. NY |R E Pierce, Sn.n Jose
E X Robinson. NY IB G KranF, N V
C Boyce & w, Chicago iC Hopsgood, Cal
M Hartrauft. Los Ang F G Pohendorff. N V
A Muir & w, St Paul J O Hechtman, Sacto
G H Francis. Stanford E Chambers, Los Anjj
R F Kennedy, Berkely F X Wilson, Butte
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Q Barlow, Stkn | E Crane &f, Illinois
C FMnberp, Chicago i Rev Masters&f, Oregon
H Mathewf. Red Bluff I C Cox. Cleveland
J C Ellis, Seattle |J H Ladd, Denver
C H Jacobs, Boston ]C R Hfill. S Jop»
R Reynolds, Chicago |J McClain&w, El Paao
C Jameson, Reno J T McOlain, Tucson
Mrs Davidson, S Jose i F Roberts. Fresno
M B Strong, Sacto I J D Foley, Petaluma
J Anderson, Visalla j R Freeman, Modesto
C M Potter, Martineai
Horseshoers to Race.
The final heats of the great horseshoe
ing tournament under the auspices of the
Mechanics' Athletic Union, U. S. A., will
take place at Central Park this afternoon.
Considerably rivalry exists between the
winners of last Sunday's contest, and,
although Frank O'Rourke made the best
time, Henry G rlach, who won the first
heat over James O'Rourke, says he will
show the public a much better record to
day. James O'Rourke was not at his best
last Sunday and his many friends think
he will pull up even with the best in the
concluding heats. Thomas Ticrney th!nk3
he was handicapped by not having as hot
a fire as FranK. O'Rourlje, and says he
will look well to that fact this afternoon.
It will be remembered that Frank
O'Rourke won by a margin of only throe
seconds, so great results may be expected
to-day.
In addition to the above programme
there will be another exhibition of Stanl
forth's patent dog racJrr« course with fox
terriers. About thirty dogs are entered
and during the afternoon several races
will be given. Many of the little dogs
have been tried out during the week and
have made as good a showing in their
way as first-class race horses and as
soon as the sport loving puhlic become
acquainted with the dogs and their rec
ords no doubt the sport will assume as
large proportions as coursing.
Mortgage Foreclosure Suits.
Suit to foreclose a mortgage of $1500 on
property situated on Fifth avenue, near
Point Lobos avenue, was filed yesterday
by the Hlbernla Savings and Loan So
ciety against Edward F. Verdier. George
S. Folsom hat; supd Willard C. Bruson and
the Monarch Mutual Builuinp and Loan
ABs6ctation to foreclose a mortgage of
$450 on two lots situated on I street, near
Ninth avenue.
Divorce Suits Filed.
David Holmes has sued Mabel Holmes
for a divorce, alleging desertion as a
cause of action. Daniel Tomke has ap
plied for a divorce from Kate Tonike
The plaintiff alleges cruelty as a cause
of complaint.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Cryatal warr.i soa
water tub and swimoilag baths. North Beach.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
BUT THE GAME
PROVED SLOW
The Players Themselves
Made It So.
THE OAKLANDS WON EASILY
THEY CINCH THE CONTEST IN
AN INXI&t*.
Kicking Over Nothing, Protesting
and Playing Poorly Make the
Battle TTninteiasting
and Miserable.
BY JOE CORBETT.
A long drawn-out, poorly played con
test, devoid of vivacity, interest, enthusi
asm and everything: else which tends to
make a game pleasing, was the pro
gramme yesterday afternoon at Recrea
tion Park when the Oaklands defeated
the Stocktons by the score of S to 6.
I have seen many ; a game drag since
the consolidation, but I must say this one
stands in a class by Itself. It was pro
vokingly slow and made so, mind you, by
the players themselves. It was "take
your time going to bat, to the field and
returning." It really looked as though
the men were performing- against their
will. The warm weather might have
causod the trouble, but I have always en
tertained the belief that a warm atmos-
phere was desirable to all players, young
and old. I might be wrong, but one
thing is certain. Sullivan, when put out at
second, should have hurried off the field,
instead of holding a heated conversation
with himself, and delaying things until
"patience ceased to be a virtue." There
is no excuse for him unless it be the fact
that he caught an excellent game and
just hammered that ball for keeps every
time he came up. It did not always go
safe, but it went out on a line, and oc
casioned runs.
While Sullivan was the principal, he
was not the only offender. That crack
third baseman, Lang, had a finger in the
pie, and caused a delay of about ten
minutes over a decision at third base, and
put the finishing touches to his strange
behavior by protesting the game.
I cannot to this minute understand why
he protested the game. He claimed that
the decision at his base was decidedly
wrong, but I must confess I saw nothing
wrong about it, and if Lang had made the
play properly there would have been no
occasion for a kick.
Whalen was caught between third and
home, and during the "run-hlm-down"
proceeding he evaded Lang by a clever
slide. The third baseman strenuously ob
jected to his being safe, and this kick
being unproductive, the protest lollowed.
From the press box it appeared as though
uhalcn. by a clever slide, evaded Lang
and if he were far enough out of the line
in accomplishing this rather difficult feat
I for one did not notice it, and after the
game I discovered that "there were oth
ers."
So It was all through the contest. If a
player was not walking around as though
on parade he was kicking, and I can not
recall one instance where a performer
got a move on.
This kind of work will never do, as pro
longing the game robs it of its interest,
and yesterday's contest was not interest
ing, save for the first two innings. It
did. for this brief period, look like a
game of baseball.
The Stocktons, through the valuable
assistance of three clear base hits, made
one run. Two more singles, with their
opponents' assistance, gave them two
runs in the third, and a feeling that they
would emerge victorious was prevalent.
It was shattered to smithereens, however,
for in this same inning the Oaklands
opened up on Mr. Whalen, and before the
curtain was rung down on the confusing
scene seven large runs had crossed the
plate, and what little interest had been'
harbored at the outset was dissipated.
This fatal inning to the Stockton cause
was confusing, but not to such an ex
tent that a chance to view what was
occurring became impossible. Had it not
been for a couple of yellow errors on the
part of Muller and Starkey, Stockton
might have won that game. But it was
not to be, I'guess. for never did two er
rors do such damage. Each time they
occurred the bases were full, and it was
really horrifying to see that bal! escape.
Muller's mistake was on a line hit off
Sullivan's bat. He hardly had to move
for the sphere, and when it lit squarely
in his hands and then dropped out again,
a groan, the like of which I have not
heard this season, came tearing over the
stands. But this was not all. Starkey's
mishap came next, and when he also per
mitted a grounder to leave his hands, the
groan of disgust became unbearable.
It certainly was a sad sight, and, as I
said before, all Interest in the game was
lost after this miserable inning. A mag
nificent running catch by Van Norden
toward the latter part of the game re
vived things a bit, and had not the game
been irretrievably lost this catch would
have caused a whirlwind of applause, as
it was a pretty play and was deserving
of all it received.
The Stocktons crawled up a trifle to
ward the end, but this was the direct re
sult of Moskiman's careless pitching.
After his cohorts made that rally in the
third inning he became indifferent and
his indifference will be the death o* some
one one of these days. Pc hit Selna on
the head with a ball and there was no
reason why he^should have done so. It
came from carelessness and indifference,
and a pitchor, above all, should not pos
sess these qualities. Mosklman should
get on to himself, to. use a slang expres
sion, or he will injure some player one
of these days for life. Selna's escape was
wonderful. The score follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, 1 b.. 5 13 1 10 0 1
O'Nell, 2 b 1 0 10 1 1 0
Lang, 3 b 5 110 2 4 0
Sullivan, c 4 12 0 5 3 0
Hardie, c. &r. f 2 2 0 6 0 0 0
Van Norden, 1.& c.f. 3 1112 2 0
Schmfcer, s. 5......... 4 12 0 4 4 2
Dean, 2b.& 1. f.... 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Mosklman. p 3 10 0 1 4 0
Ruse»ll, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 11
' Totals ............34 8 10 2 27 22 S
STOCKTON. *
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna, 1 b.... 4 1 11 12 1 1
Billings, c 4 12 12 10
Smith, 2 b 5 12 0 .2 4 1
Rice. c. f 4 1.10 10 0
Muller, 1. f 4 0 2 0 2 0 1
Starkey. 8. s 3 1 1 0 1. 4 1
White, 3 b ...20 0 0 23 0
Knell, r. f.... 4000 0 0 0
Whalen, p.. 4 1.1 0 2 11
Totals .......34 ~6 10 2 24 14 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Oakland, ...0 0700010*— g
Base hits r.....l 0 4 10 1 2 1.- •- 10
Stockton 1 02100002—6
Base hits ........3 0 2 0 2 O-'l 0 2—lo
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lloskirr.an, 1; Whalen,
1. Two-bare hits— Schmeer, Rice. Sacriflct hit
rtnsiwti Base on errors— Oakland, 3; Stock
ton, '». ' Bases on ! balls— Oakland, ■ 4; ; Stockton.
3. Left on bus-'-f— Oakland, 7; r Stockton, 7.
Struck out— By Mofklman. 4; by Whalen. ; 1.
Hit by pitcher— Selna. ■ Double plays—
Starkey to Sflna to White; Starkey: to White.
Time of fame-Two hours. Umpire— O'Connell.
FRISCOS VS. STOCKTONS.
They Are Scheduled to Com
pete To-Day at the Park.
The tall-enders will cross bats to-daj',
and the change should make the game
interesting. The line-up is as follows:
Ban Francisco. Position. Stockton.
Hammond Catcher Billings
Shea Pitcher Whalen
Murphy First bast- Seln <i
Dunleavy Second base Smith
Smith Third base White
Krug Short stop Starkey
Hardy Left field Muller
Center field Rice
Kight field . . . . Husiijjjer
FANCY TIPS
WENT ASTRAY
Many Favorites Fell at
Union Park.
SMALL BETTORS WERE HAPPY
RIGHT BOWER BEATEN BY
PALMER HILL.
The Great Match Race Between Con
nemara and False Flatterer
Will Be Run at In
gleside.
A large and enthusiastic crowd wit
nessed good coursing- yesterday afternoon
at Union Coursing Park. The day was
beautiful, and as a result the hares ran
strong and game. It was a great day for
those who played the shortenders, several
long shots capturing flags.
Much interest was manifested in the
L race between John Kerrigan's Lalla
Rookh and A. Johnson's Tod Sloan.
Lalla got a bad slip, but caught her op
ponent before the game was reached. The
hare swerved from its line and Tod was
favored by the move. Pie made two
wrenches and a kill before Lalla could
possibly score, fine, however, proved to
be very fast and may land the next big
stake she will try for.
Daisy Deane sent Gallagher, a 3 to 1
favorite, to his kennel without a flag.
Lady Campbell ran a brilliant course with
Grasshopper and may be among the win
ners of the big prizes to-day.
The upset of the loafer Right Bower by
PaJmer Hill burned holes in the pockets
of the knowing ones. Right Bower .vas
played strongly in the pools at 7 to 1, but
Instead of going right after his game he
remained behind his opponent and played
for a drive and kill, much to the disgust
of his backers. Governor Markham and
Arno had two no-goes, but the Governor
finally won the course.
Several good judges thought that Arno
had fairly beaten his opponent in the first
course and should have had a flag raised
in his favor.
Tocaloma easily beat Our Boy, a strong
favorite. The last named dog ran as If
he was either sick or completely out of
condition. Mission Tip and Peaceful Glen
had also two "no-goes," but In the third
course Mission Tip, who was on the short
end. won.
The dogs that won and lost are as fol
lows:
Maiden stake, 72 entries: Result— The Gos-
I Boon beat Benlela Boy: Sportsman beat Speed:
I Daisy Deune bt-at Gallagher; Tod Sloan beat
Lalla Rookh; Tylvanus beat BendlKo; Lady
Campbell beat Grasshopper; Chile Pepper beat
Dr. Norman; Blackstone beat Counterfeit; Rest
Assured beat Monitor; Monu b*at Hicks; Wait
a Little beat Sllkwood: Vigilant beat
Clifton La«s; Moonlight beat Lily
j Wheeler; Palmer Hll! beat Right Bower; Bo
| mta beat Winona; Governor Markham beat
Arno; Tocaloma boat Our Boy; Magic beat
Sir W r alter; Gilt Edge beat Belle of Seville;
I Mission Tip beat Pt-aceful Glen; Highland
Ball ran a bye; Arrow beat Gallant Foe; Mary
X beat Magclnllah: The Turk beat Little Doubt;
Rapid beat Lightning; Santa Bella beat Arapa
hoe; Tom Bell beat Handy Andy; Miller's Maid
beat Wlidflow_r; GlenwotxJ beat Las Palmas;
i Jlmmlo Cork b^-at Butter Scotch: St. Gertrude
i beat Obadiah; L. S. Conley beat Quiver; White
I Wing* beat Star Pointer; Bemlalcng beat Van
I Knapp; Little Dorritt beat Top .Notch; Ala
mtda beat Tornado.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
_____
Master Mat Downs Sunburst — Great
Interest Manifested in the Big
; Match Race To-Day.' ',
i A large crowd went to Ingleside yester- j
I day to watch the puppies show their
| mettle. The running throughout the day
I was good ■ and the hares were exception
; ally fast, giving the dogs in almost every
] instance a gruelling course. : .
In the main, the talent enjoyed the best
i of it, but the shortenders got in occasion
; ally. In two instances the former class
! were given heavy falls. The first drop |
I occurred when Liberty met Trinket, j
' Trinket was looked upon as a sure win- '
I ncr, but Lynch & Mayer's dog ran all !
around him at odds of 4 to 1. The last ;
course of the day, between Sunburst and j
Master Mat, proved another surprise to !
j the talent. They bet heavily on his win- :
j ning, and even played him as being the '■
\ winner of the stake. Their surprise was !
great when the white flag decided Master
Mat the winner, at odds of 3 to 1. .
To-day the champions ' will go to the |
slips first, and then the puppies will fight
it out. During the morning's running the j
first heat of the match race between j
Connemara and False Flatterer will be !
run. After lunch the deciding heats of
this great race will take place, and It is
thought that the park will be too small
to hold the crowd when the heats come
off. Already many thousands have been
bet on the rival candidates, and, judging
by the interest taken in the outcome of I
the race, the dogs will go to slips with j
their weigtits in gold in the Dool-boxes. .
Since Sunburst was defeated Rathbone
has been picked as the likely winner of
the puppy stake. Golden Russet, May- I
flower and Statesman should win their ;
heats. Following is the way the dogs
ran:
Puppy stake, first run down— E.V. Sullivan's
Maid of Erin beat T. McHugh/s Match T.
Coon»y's Mystic beat P. McCabe Juliet; E.
V Sullivan"s Golden Russet beat 1. Hall j
Miss Skyball; J. Qgar.e's Thad Stevens beat !
P. -Rellley's Speculation: J. Hhea 8 Young j
America beat G. Reddy'B Bernelce; B Dough- ,
ertvs Heather Dell beat J. Rooney's Jesfie :
Haves: J. I. O'Brien's Admiral Dewey beat
E V Sullivan's Blacklock; -J. I. O'Brien-a \
Statesman beat W. Perry's Campania; J Ea- j
gan's Mayflower beat W. Sweeney a i La Juive; i
Lynch & Maher's Liberty beat M. C Delano's ,
Trinket; Bartel Brothers' Mac s Melody beat I
Conell Erothers' Molly O; T. Cooney's Kerry :
Oow bent Deckelman & Panarlo s Prince :
Rporri*- T Cox's Flying Cloud beat J. Kior
naTß^YoJemn^ lirkVit Rook's Liberty Bell
beat T. F. Logan's Miss Grizzle; J. Shea s
Rathbone beat J. Murnane's Wolfe Tone; Lar
key & Rock's Minerva t at Dillon & Rellly s
Revolver; J Egan's Billy Gladstone beat Lowe
T Thompson's Phoebe; Kay & Trant'6 Innls
fallen beat A. Merrill's Depend On Me; E. V.
Sullivan s Sunburst beat O. Burflnd's Royal
Prize* P Rellly's Master Mat beat Dillon &
"Vil.^d^rni-Maid of Erin beat Mystic;
Golden Kueset beat Thad Stevens; loung
America b«at Heather D*ll; Mayflower beat
Admiral Dewey; Statesman beat Liberty; Mac s
Melody beat Kerry Gow; Liberty Bell beat
FlvlnK Cloud: Rathbcne beat Manila: Phoebe
beat Innisfallen; Mat b«at Sunburst.
Held for Burglary.
Jack Smith, alias George Thomas, and
William Mcllroy, alias George Myers.
were yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Mogan on the
charge of burglary in ttOOO bonds each.
Saturday afternoon, July 23, they brefke
Into the residence of Mrs. Rosie Abra
hams 222 - Grove street, and were chased
and captured on Golden Gate avenue by
Policemen Hostetter and Coughlin, after
they had attempted to fire upon the offi
cers. Both are ex-convicts.
Social and Economic Subjects.
Frank E. Coulter, grand councilor of
the Independent Order of Good Templars,
will deliver a series of four free lectures
in Hews Hall at Sixth and Market streets
on social and economic topios. The first
of the series will be on "Silver, Demoral
ized by License and Revenue." The fol
lowing night he will lecture on "The
Crime of '72 or '63?" On Thursday he will
lecture on "The Unequal Dlrtribution of
Wealth" and or Friday on "Plutocrats."
Fell From a Scaffold.
Frank Vance, a painter, residing at 513
Stevenson street, fell from a scaffold forty
ftet high yesterday while at work on a
building belonging to Glickstcin, a tanner,
on San Bruno road and Silver avenue.
The unfortunate sufferer was conveyed to
th< < ' i i y and County Hospital, where It
was ascertained that his back was broken
and his left shoulder dislocated. Vance,
who la a single man, had been working
for Gereke & Webber, whose shop Is at
622 Larkln street. No hope is entertained
of his recovery.
Advances niado on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
from fatigue and hardships YIN MAR.ANI (MARIANI WINE), is invaluable
when usin, the marvelous «t this season of the year, when owing to trying
. „ _. . .. A climatic changes, the system is especially susceptible
tome, Yin OAartam; it pre- *
. to attacks of debility and prostration.
vented fevers and sickness in 5 . .
y MARIANI WINE is especially indicated for
themarshy and unhealthy ter- Weakness from whate ver causes,
ritory - Throat and Lung Diseases, Overwork, Profound De-
H. LIBERMANN, M. D. pression and Exhaustion, Consumption, Malaria and
Surgton-Gentral French Army. La Grippe.
MARIANI WINE as a general tonic and invigor-
' ator is unequaled. It gives power to the brain, rich-
r r , _ .. . ness to the blood, firmness and elasticity to the
From Dr. I. Leonard Corning s
muscles, and strength to the entire nervous system.
Book "Brain Exhaustion/ .. , _
Therefore is it described as a promoter of good health
Published by D. Appleton. anc j longevity. It contains absolutely no injurious
-The preparation known properties, as any conscientious physician orchemist
as Yin Mariani is the best in the
MARIANI WINE is an adjuvant in convalescence
market. It is a remedy par _ , a -. ~ , _._
and a powerful rejuvenator. For Overworked Men,
excellence against worry. <Be- De Hcate Women, Sickly Children it Works Wonders.
sides exercising an invigorating it soothes, strengthens and sustains the system.
effect upon the cerebral centers, To tnose wno wlll k i nd i y wr i te to mariani & co., 52 west isth street, New York
it imparts an indescribable aty ' wHI be sent ' free> book contalnlng portralts and auto « ra p^ or Emperors,
1 Empress, Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and other interesting matter.
SenSailOn Of Satisfaction. Paris— a Boulevard Haussman; London— B3 Mortimer Street: Montreal— 2B-38 Hospital Street.
GARDEN FETE
FOR A CHURCH
Society Arranging an
Exclusive Outing.
SAN MATEO THE SPOT CHOSEN
PREPARATIONS BEING MADE
FOR THE AFFAIR.
Tlie Late Charles Crocker's Residence
to Be the Scene of a Big Social
Event Next Sat
j urday.
Society will dnn Its summer finery on
; Saturday next and journey down to San
I Mateo and participate In a garden
i party and fete to be held at the Crocker
j residence, "Monte de Robles," In aid of
the Episcopal church of San Mateo.
During the past month a number of la
dles, residents of San Mateo and Burlin
j game, have devoted tholr leisure moments
to making pretty articles with their
needles and crochet sticks, with a view
to some day offering them for sale in a
worthy cause. The "Sewing Circle of
! Burlingame," as it was called, is presided
over by Mrs. Henry T. Scott, while Mrs.
D. Bey lard, Mrs. Ansel Easton and Mls3
I Rowe occupy the positions of vice presi
dent, secretary and treasurer, respect
ively.
Ab the Episcopal church of that burg
was in need of assistance it was agreed
by the circle that its efforts be devoted
j to that end. All those who occupy pic
| turesque homes in the balmy county con
j sented to lend their aid and the project
was launched.
Mrs. A. M. Easton volunteered the use
j of the Crocker mansion and its beautiful
! lawns for the event, and also agreeed to
! act in conjunction with Mrs. W. F. Nich
ols, Mrs. Edward Taylor, Mrs. de Wolf
Cowie, Mrs. H. M. Newhall and Mrs. S.
M. Wilson as patronesses.
As befitting the occasion and the bright
; sunbhine that is perennial in that portion
! of the State, the ladies will be attired in
I soft organdies ajid other pleasing summer
' materials, while the men, besides furnlsh
i ing the money to carry away the little
| favors on sale, will be attired in garden
j party costumes as laid down by "Him"
in "vogue."
Such clever whips as Walter Hobart,
George Pope, George Newhall, Duplessis
Beylard and Joseph D. Grant will carry
1 the guests from the special train which
leaves Third and Townsend streets at
12:30 p. m. to the Bcene of pleasure.
Through the courtesy of General Mer
riam the Third Artillery band will be in
attendance and discourse melodies appro
priate to the occasion. The booths, about
a dozen in number, will be decorated in
the national colors and will be presided
over in the following manner:
Lamp shades and photograph frames-
Mrs. Krwttschnitt, Princess Ponlatowskl
and Mrs. C. A. Spreckeis.
Fancy things — Mrs. Russell Wilson.
Mrs. J. B. Crockett and Mrs. Mountford
Wilson.
Articles of general use — Mrs. Douty,
Mrs. Ford and Mrs. Seebree.
Doll table— Mrß. Schreve, Mrs. Fritz
King and Mrs. F. P. Howard.
Red. white and blue table— Mrs. Aus
tin Tubbs and Mrs. George Pope.
Candy table— Mrs. J. H. P. Howard.
Mrs. J. I. Tobln and Mrs. Walter Hobart.
Cushion table— Mrs. F. S. Moody. Mrs.
J. D. Grant and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin.
Grab bag table — Mrs. Drysdale.
Lemonade booth — Mrs. W. H. Mills.
Flower booth — The Misses Schusaler.
The pretty tea house some distance
from the veranda on which these booths
will be is to be presided over by Miss
Scott, Miss Crockett and the Misses Hop
kins. Although these young ladles will
not appear in costume they nope to real
ize a neat sum by the quality of tea dis
pensed. >
A fashionable caterer will be in attend
ance and furnish lunch to all those whose
appetites are sharpened by the drive
through the delightful country.
Gerries have been arranged for both
young and eld. and will be a feature of
the fete.
MISSED HIS PURSE.
A Fireman Arrested for Grand Lar
ceny as a Result of a Game
of Euchre.
Edward McCloskey. an extra man 1n
the Fire Department, was arrested early
yesterday morning by Detectives Fitzger
ald and Graham and Policeman Callinan
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of grand larceny.
He is accused by Timothy Flynn. a con
tractor in the Mission, of stealing his
purse, containing $186. Friday afternoon
Flynn went to the shoe store of Charles
Seheper, 214 Clipper street. Several men
were playing euchre for %l a corner, and
the old man was induced to take a hand,
a young woman promising to keep him
posted on the game.
The "growler" was rushed repeatedly,
and when the game broke up Flynn
missed his purse. Every one denied
knowing anything about it, and Flynn re
ported the matter at the Seventeenth
street station.
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham
were detailed on the case, and after mak
ing an investigation they went in search
of McClosLey, who was one of the party
of euchre players. They found him in a
ealoon on Market and Brady streets at an
early hour yesterday morning and placed
him under arrest. Flynn swore to a com
plaint charging him with the crime in
Judge Mogan's court.
McCloskey denies taking the purse and
points to the fact that when searched at
the prison only 15 cents was found in his
pockets.
WANTS THE PHILIPPINES.
West End Republican Club in Favor
of Retaining- the Islands.
At a regular meeting- of the West End
Republican Club Friday evening the fol
lowing: resolution was introduced by Dr.
C. D. Salfield and adopted by a unanimous
vote. The adoption of the resolution
called forth some very eulogistic remarks
fram John R. Aitken, "William L. Pierce,
E. S. Salmon and C. O. Burton:
Resolved. That the "West End Republican
Club heartily endorses the brilliant adminis
tration of President McKlnley, and the splen
did and able manner In which under his grand
leadership the war against Spain has been and
is being so successfully conducted.
Further resolved. That we are In favor of
retaining all the territory conquered by our
heroic army and navy, except the island of
Cuba, to whose people the choosing of their
own government was pledged; that we are par
ticularly in favor of the retention of the Phil
ippine Islands, but more especially the island j
o? Luzon, with its magnificent bay. harbor and
city of Manila so triumphantly conquered by
our gallant Admiral Dewey and his efficient
officers and men.
Further resolved. That these resolutions be I
spread upon the minutes of this club, and a I
copy thereof signed by the president and sec- !
tary of this club be immediately forwarded to
President McKi.nley.
NATIVES PREPARING
A BIG CELEBRATION
CIRCULAR ISSUED BY GRAND
PRESIDENT CONLEY.
Change in the Fare to the Garden
City — A Few Words From the
Grand Marshal.
At the adjourned meeting of the joint
9th of September celebration committee
held last evening In Native Sons' build-
Ing President Charles E. Mposer presided
and Robert A. Martland attended to the
duties? of secretary.
There was read a circular letter from
Grand President Conley to the subordin
ate parlors calling attention to the com
ing celebration, asking them to do all
possible to make it the grandest that has
ever been held, and suggesting that those
parlors that cannot attend at San Jose on
. ■ _ •■:■_. ■■■■__ ADVERTISEMENTS^^^^^^^^^^
IWTT^TVT Many of you are drifting, on a shoreless
111 Ej IN sea, far from the harbor of safety. Your
frail bark may soon be floundering in
midocean, where it will be too late to cast anchor or call
for aid. Such negligence is criminal. Time is indeed
precious to such men. It means more than money. -If
means more than the wealth of ail the world. Thousands
of persons have been dethroned and many pitiable wrecks
of human beings line the wayside, the result of neglect. If
you have an ailment recently contracted, or which has
become dangerous or chronic through bad treatment, or a
weakness that is robbing you ' Dr^%-^D r^ %-^
of health and self-respect, J|§ltes^'iSi|
you should consult the physi- €§p
cians of Dr, Meyers & Co.'s in- ,fiX h|
stitute. They can cure and jj^ r^^()^^
restore you quickly and per- \y& X^^
manently. Private book for #\^ 1b n I / AJI x
men sent free. . '%ojSijL : '"^^^^'
No Pay TiK Cured. Consultation Free. '^Mf^^^,
DR.MEYERS& CO y^m^SaM'
731 Market Street. established i 6 years. -
Office hours— to 12. 1 to 5 daily; evenings. 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to 1L .
account of distance take steps to cele
brate in theJr respective localities.
The parade commiuee reported that It
had selected D. A. Ryan of Pacific Parlor
as marshal of the night parade and that
it suggested that invitations be sent to
the Society of California Pioneers, Ex
empt Firemen and Veteran Firemen to
I take part in the night parade in this city
j on the Bth of September and in the day
i parade in San Jose on the 9th. The re
port was adopted.
Mr. Theisen said that in some of tho
; parlors of the city there seemed to be a
| desire, Qn account of either economy or
I to hold back for the 1900 celebration, tor
some of the parlors not to take part in
the celebration. He said that if that
: spirit prevails there will be danger of k>B
1 ing the rate allowed by the Southern Pa
| ciflc Company.
It was suggested that those parlors
that will not participate in this city and
in San Jose should forfeit all interest
in the benefits of the committee.
This led to a discussion, after which a
! motion carrying out the suggestion was
I adopted.
It was resolved that each parlor shalj
furnish the treasurer of the committee a
certified check for the number of tickets
it will take.
The committee decided to have a spe^fal
train for San Jose from this city on this
evening of the Bth and one at 8 o'clock
from Alameda.
Mr. Grant moved that a committee of
five of the most influential Native Sons be
appointed to wait on Governor Budd and
have him declare September 10, which
will fall on a Saturday, a legal holiday,
but the motion was lost. A motion to
haA'e a special train leave San Jos>e by
the broad gauge at 9 o'clock p. m. on
the 9th, one by the narrow gauge at 11
p. m. and one by the broad gauge at
2 o'clock on the morning of the 10th was
made, but the matter was referred to the
transportation committee.
Mr. Dinkelspiel stated that while in San
Jose a few days since he had a. conver
sation with Dr. Gaston, the grand mar
shal of the San Jose parade, who assured
him that the celebration in the Garden
City will be a great success in every par
ticular.
A proposition to appoint a special re
porter to prepare matter from the par
lors in relation to the celebration for tha
preps was followed by an animated dis
cussion, after which the matter was laid
on the table.
A motion to reconsider the resolution
by which the rate of tickets was fixed at
$f 25 was passed and the rate was fixed
at $1 50. The tickets will be good for flva
days.
The meeting then adjourned until next
Saturday.
Wants Her Marriage Annulled.
Mrs. Mary Harrison has sued her hus
band, John Harrison, for an annulment
of marriage. Mrs. Harrison alleges that
her husband obtained her consent to tha
marriage by false and fraudulent repre
sentations, and later endeavored to get
her to W&d an unchaste life. She refused
and now seeks to have her marriage an
nulled.
A Salesman in Trouble.
A complaint was sworn to in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for the ar
rest of Charles "W. Andrews, a salesman
for "W. P. Fuller & Co., on the charge
of misdemeanor embezzlement. It is al
leged mat on July 14 last Andrews sold- a
kalsomine brush for >2 50 and retained $2
of the amount.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
READY TO REVOLT
AGAINST THE RAID
ON SAN FRANCISCO
Alameda County Democrats De
nounce the McNab-Gould
Combination. |
Dr. Pardee Is Smarting Under the Lash of
Public Opinion— Objects to
Exposure.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Throughout the
length and breadth of Alameda County
the. Democrats are most outspoken in
their denunciation of the McNab-
Gould-Alford plot to strangle the party
in Pan Francisco. There are many
Democrats here who are stanch sup
porters of Maguire for Governor, but
they, too, with hardly an exception, are
as strong in their criticism as those
who do not believe in the "Little
•.Spotted Giant."
■M. J. Laymance is one of these. Mr.
Laymance was chairman of the Dem
.. ocratic County Committee for several
terms up to two years ago, when he
was Bucceeded by Con. Brosnahan.
r his guidance the Democrats cut
down the Republican majorities in Ala
meda County to such an extent as to
■ s.end their banner to Los Angeles
■•County, where it remained until two
S ago. Laymance is a Maguire
■ -ninn, not a rabid, Popocratic Maguire
ite, who believes the Congressman's
•WxTd is gospel, but a cool, level headed
man who considers thai present
conditions Maguire is the most availa
ble candidate.
To-day Mr. Laymance discussed the
•situation across the bay and its effect
on the interior of the State. He did
not hesitate to denounce the action of
the committee of une hundred in pre
venting an open selection of delegates
to the State convention by primary as
un-Democratic and dangerous in the
extreme, and a proceeding that threat
ened the annihilation of the party.
Regarding the proposed movement
'looking to the unseating of the entire
McNab delegation Mr. Laymance ad
-.'''"znitted he had heard some such plan
•discussed, but could not say what the
chances were for its being carried into
effect. He had received information
that among the northern counties that
would be arrayed against the "whisper
•ing" delegation were Colusa and Glenn,
which would send delegations strongly
favoring such a plan, and he believed
there were many others if, indeed, all
did not swing into line. He said it was
a difficult matter, however, to organize
a successful fight agrainst so largre a
W)dy, thoroughly equipped for their
own defense, united and led by astute
politicians, while their opponents, di
vided into many bodies, would find it
.-.difficult to get together for effective
work.
' As to Alameda County, Mr. Lay-
itiahce said there was no contest, nor
would there be unless, perhaps, in a
' few instances where personal contests
'might take place. But as to there be
ing two tickets in the field, as in the
case of the Republicans, there would be
..iipthing of the kind.
■'..; He believed the majority of the
-pefriocrats here were friendly to lta
guire and would support him. but he
also belteved they were just as strong
ly opposed to the great fraud practic
■ ed In Sun Francisco and would not
.v hesitate to resr-nt it if the slightest op
■ .-portunity offered.
. ' . Mr. Laymancu is righi in saying there
: will be no contest here over the elec
tion of delegates to the State Conven
tion, and "he is also correct in his opin
' . ion that if th>.- opportunity occur to dls
cipHne the McNabe ar.d Goulds and
Poppers and Alfords and others of that
Ilk, they will avail themselves of it
.with cheerful alacrity. W. W. Foote
•■leading the old guard in Oakland and
Tarpey in full control on the south side
•of the estuary Alumtda County will
• V»end a delegation to Sacramento pre
■ .pared to unite in any movement for the
• purification of the party.
.' . Dr. George C. Pardee has been driven
to the extremity of resorting to vituper
ation to offset the Call's exposure of
' ..hie numerous political perfidies. The
announcement this morning that the
doctor, in base violation of his repeated
assertions that If he could not get a
majority of the Alameda delegation for
• himself he would do all in his power to
,' . give his votes to Davis, had entered in
to a compact with Secretary of State
..Brown to turn his strength to that gen
. tleman, caused a genuine sensation in
. local political circles.
■ Everybody watched for the doctor's
personal organ to make its appearance
i
t to see what Pardee had to say about it.
I There was not a word, editorially, re
gardinr the matter, but on one of the
local pages the individual who attends
to the doctor's personal booming de
voted a half-column to abuse of an at
tache of The Call, whom both the
writer and Dr. Pardee knew perfectly
well had nothing whatever to do with
The Call's exposure. The flood of in
vective poured forth tells all too plain
ly how hard hit Pardee is, and it falls
far short of its purpose. The evident
intention of the unfortunate penman
was to lead the casual reader to believe
the article to be a denial of the charge,
but after uncorking the vials of his own
wrath he credits his master with a
mass of about as undignified, senseless
rot as a cornered candidate for office
ever turned loose. Like his hired man,
Pardee carefully refrained from making
a derinite denial of the truth of The
Call's charge and it would be unavail
ing if he did, for there are many men in
Uukland who know that Pardee and
Brown's political manager have reached
an understanding.
Of course the people feel ugly toward
Pardee for his scheming to drive the
nomination away from Alameda Coun
ty unless he gets it himself and knowl
edsre of this sentiment, no doubt,
prompted the doctor to rush into print
again with the usual disastrous re
sults.
Proof of the alliance between Pardee
and Hilborn, whereby the doctor is to
do what he can to advance the Con
gressman's interests, is accumulating
daily and up to the present the doctor
has restrained himself from comment
on it in the columns of his organ. Men
from the country districts report that
no effort is made to conceal the exist
ence of the compact in their districts
and the Metealf men are becoming less
: and less tolerant of Pardee. Many of
Metcalf s supporters are, or have been,
friendly to Pardee, but if it came to
a choice between the two they would
not hesitate an instant in throwing the
latter overboard, for once Metcalf
makes a friend he retains him for all
time, while Pardee seems to have the
misfortune to make friends only to lose
them.
One effect of the Brown incident is
I to increase the sentiment in favor of
'an unfnstructed delegation. Here in
j Oakland, Pardee's stronghold, this de
' mand is growing and it would not sur
j prise even his own friends if at least
three wards — possibly fotir — revolted
from the doctor's policy of dictation in
the matter of delegates and, following
Alameda's lead, elect men entirely free
; to act as they choose.
Meanwhile Pardee continues to go be
fore the people nightly clamoring for
the unit rule, by which he seeks to cap
ture the solid delegation in the event
of his carrying a majority.
The fusion Populists are keeping
quiet nowadays, but are watching the
course of the Democrats with intense
eagerness. They admit that if the San
Francisco delegation should be un
' seated and Maguire defeated for the
nomination, they would be In Identi
cally the same predicament as the fly
that tobogganed down the side of the
tureen.
On the other hand the straight-out
Populists, headed by Fowler and
Bretz, are working away industriously,
never missing an opportunity to re
claim a wanderer from the true path
of Populism who may have strayed into
the broader road of Popoeracy, and are
arranging to put a complete county
ticket in the field. They declare their
determination to stand by Shanahan
to the end, and say that many who
were lured over to the other side for a
time have come back to them and that
there will be many more.
For a Free Church.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Word has been
received from New York that the decli
nation of Rev. Dr. Co vie of this city to
accept the call tendered him by the Madl
son-avenue Presbyterian Church of New
York has resulted in a discussion of a
free church plan as applied Jo New York
churches. The late pastor of the church
named is president of the open and in
stitutional church league. Dr. Coyle
based his declination on the fact that
while the salary offered was J7OOO a year,
he did hot believe the enterprise of a free
church ha 4 the necessary backing.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, ATjqUST 7, 1898.
SIMONS SUIT
DISMISSED
The Young Husband Is
in a Hurry to Be Free.
COMPLICATIONS OF LAWYERS
MBS. SIMONS' FATHER ORDERED
A STAY OF PROCEEDINGS.
The Lady's Friends Say That She
Will Have No Difficulty in
Proving Her Right to
a Decree.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 6.
Much surprise Is expressed in Alame
da that the divorce suit filed by Mrs.
Nancy Simons against her wealthy young
husband should be so quickly dismissed.
The suit was filed a few weeks ago and
the answer was filed next day, but, al
though time was set for taking testimony
before the Commissioner, the evidence
was never heard. The peculiarity of the
case consists In the fact that, according
to young Simons, Attorney R. B. Tappan
seems to have attended i.o both Bides of
the matter. Mr. Tappan says he was au
thorized to begin suit for Mrs. Simons,
and her husband says that he consulted
the same attorney, and he "guesses" that
he attended to whatever was filed on his
behalf.
Young Simons was seen at his home,
MRS. ERNEST SIMONS (Formerly MISS NANCY
CULVER), Whose Pictured Face Has Beeo Cut
Out of the Family Group.
1105 Park avenue, Alameda, and asked
whether some settlement had been ar
rived at and whether he and his wife
had concluded to live together in peace
once more. He replied: "I would as soon
tie a stone about my neck and jump into
the bay. I do not wish to say anything,
but if my wife fails in securing a divorce
I will most certainly sue for a separation
myself. I have sufficient grounds upon
which to base such a suit.
"When she commenced suit it was
agreed that I pay the costs. I was will
ing, by all means, to pay these ana so
informed her attorney, Mr. Tappan. I
was going to let the case go by default,
and she would have had a decree had her
father not interfered.
"Of course, they were afraid T was going
to fight the case, and thought I hail filed
a cross-complaint, when in reality we
simply filed an answer, or a general denial
I believe it was. I really had no attorney,
but I guess Attorney Tappan filed this
document, as 1 was to pay the expenses
anyway. I ought to have brought suit
myself, and it would now be over with.
I certainly will have nothing more to do
with her, and here is a picture of her in
our family, and I don't want it there any
longer"- and young Simons deliberately
destroyed the photograph by tultir"
young Mrs. Simons' picture out or the
Attorney K. B. Tappan insists that he
was attorney for Mrs. Nancy Simons, and
that he filed the suit in due process of
law "Mrs. Simon? called at my office
several weeks ago." said Attorney Tappan
to-day, "and remained there over half an
hour The outcome was that I was re
tained by her to bring the divorce suit. I
had nothing to do with her father, nor
with Luclen Simons, nor his son, the de
fendant In the divorce proceedings. The
elder Simons, however, called on me a
few days ago and asked when the case ;
was to be tried. I told him it would come I
off the first week in August. Lucien Si- \
mons then went to San Fracisco to see i
Mrs. Simons' father. The latter pretend- :
ed to have a grievance to the effect that
young Simons had filed a cross complaint.
When Simons explained that it was sim
ply an answer, Mrs. Simons' father con
sented to have the case go to trial. W hile
Mr Simons was at my office to relate
these facts to me after his return from
San Francisco, her father advised me by
telephone that after all he proposed to
have the suit dismissed. Ernest G. Simons
deserted his wife over a year ago. The
couple were not congenial to each other
and lived apart. So the two paternal
heads came together to arrange about
the separation of their children. That 3
all" there was to it in a nutshell. I was
certainly authorized to begin the suit, and
any one has got wheels who says to tha
contrary." ' '
The suit was dismissed on motion of At
torney Hugh Aldrich, who was substitut
ed by telephone for Atorney Tappan.
Mrs. Simons friends declare that the lady
will have no difficulty in proving that she
is entitled to a divorce should she renew
her suit.
A Thieving Peddler.
OAKLAND. Aug. 6— The police believe
they have raptured a very smooth thief
in Morris Unger, alias Thomas Henncs
eey who follows the occupation of a ced
dler. He was arrested yesterday at SOB%
Center street by Detective Shorey on the
charge of stealing a bundle of laundered
clothing from Jack Massie. Shorey
searched Unger's house, and found an
other bundle of clothing belonging to one
Smith. Unger is believed to have carried
on these larcenies quite extensively, and
two charges of petty larceny were filed
against him in the Police Court to-day.
King of the "Hoboes/
OAKLAND. Aug. 6.— George Kelley.
"king of the hoboes," who has half a
tfozen aliases, was before the Police Court
yesterday, charged with vagrancy, and
on the agreement that he would plead
guilty he and his 250 pounds of avoirdu
pois was relegated to the County Jail for
thirty days. Kelley always pleads his
own case. He dresses well and works
the best houses and the food he begs
must be well cooked.
REV. F. JONES
TELLS SECRETS
His Wife Forced Him to
Leave Many Pulpits.
SAYS SHE IS A BIGAMIST
HE HEARD A LITTLE TALK
WITH A DOCTOR.
Members of the Church Kept a
Strict Watch During the
Absence of Their
Pastor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
POS Broadway, Aug. 6.
Rev Frederick V. Jones, who was yes
terday divorced from his wife Etta, tells
a sensational story of the circumstances
which induced him to have burst asunder
that which God had once joined together.
Nearly five years ago Rev. Mr. Jones
was pastor of a little church in Chicago.
He married a charming young lady and
for a few months everything was har
monious. Then he began to hear whis
perings of past incidents in his wife"s
career. These whisperings only nicreased
his confidence in his wife and caused him
to feel the more angry with those who
circulated thorn. In the end, the young
wife committed bigamy and is now living
with her second husband, although this
is the first day, according to Mr. Jones,
on which their marriage has been legal.
"I was a minister of the gospel of the
Congregational church at Mound City,
Kan.." said the minister. "This was in
the spring of 1895. I went away for a
few weeks for my health, and when I
returned I was informed that something
! was wrong. One Sunday evening a Mr.
' Simmons, president of the bank, and an
other member invited me to Mr. Sim
mons' house. They asked me if I had
heard anything of my wife's conduct dur
ing my absence. 1 told them 1 had not.
They then informed me that a certain
Dr. Coe had been Watched visiting my
house and leaving at 3 o'clock in the
morning. They told me the news was all
over town and was generally believed. I
was taken sick after that and went to
the Springs again, and while I was on
my couch directly over the parlor, I
[ heard Dr. Coe come in and tell my wife
that these people were raising a big rum
pus about them and cautioned her not to
"I left the place soon after in conse
quence of her reported misconduct, and
she went to stay with some friends in
Chicago. I wrote to her repeatedly and
received no response, and finally went to
Chicago and found har in a house that I
knew was not proper for her to live in.
I begged her to go home with me, and I
returned alone as she would not come.
She said she did not like the goody-goody
people she had to meet in church. One
week later she wrote to me that she was
sick in a Chicago hospital, and later still
1 received a telegram asking me to come
to Chicago. 1 went and found that my
wife had been attending a sirk lady who
had died, and I was informed that my
wife was intimate with the husband of
th- d'ceased woman.
"This experience determined me to give
up the ministry and find other work, I
w:is urged to return to Goodman, Kan.,
and my wife begged me to take her with
me on her promise to reform. I consented
and took her to Goodman and afterward
to Parsons. I was in charge of the First
Congregational Church there for four
years. She behaved well for two years,
•1 then her misconduct began again,
made it so unpleasant for me that I
igned in the community and with a
mise from her that she would follow
me and behave herself I came to Califor
nia. Here I have lived for some time
and am now engaged in business n.t Hay
wards, having quit the ministry. I have
since learned on good authority that she
Refused to Pave.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Attorney Sam Bell
McKee of the Haywards Electric road
to-day notified City Attorney Dow that
the company's directors have decided not
i to pave the two blocks of their tracks on
East Twelfth street with wood blocks, to
j conform with the rest of the street. City
Attorney Dow immediately made prepara
tions to draw up an ordinance forfeiting
the franchise or the company, declaring
; the portion of the road on East Twelfth
! street a public nuisance and have the
same removed by order of the Board of
Works. He also says that steps will be
taken to enter civil and criminal proceed
ings in the courts. He Is determined to
compel the company to comply.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, Aug. 6.— Joseph S. East
man has filed suit against Ferdinand Hol
| turn for the recovery of $1500, claimed due
as fees for services as physician and
surgeon, performed between April 27 and
May 24 of this year.
Constable C. F. Weldon of Brooklyn
Township has revoked the appointments
of R. B. Hart. B. Magnussen. Georg« H.
Britzbach, W. W. Sherbourn, "W. H.
Simmons and Paul Wuthe as deputy con
stables.
Mamie Souffrain, through her attor
neys. Wood & Powers, to-day filed suit
for divorce against Jame3 Souffrain, on
the ground of desertion.
Nathan Pushie, George B. Mauley. P.
N. Anton and R. R. Stedman have been
appointed deputy County Clerks for reg
istration purposes.
Constable Williamson has appointed
Fred M. Magill and Edwin Roland as
deputies.
MINNIE WAS
NOT KILLED
Young- Mrs. Hoover's
Tale Was a Romance.
m .
HER FATHER EXONERATED
MADE . A LITTLE COFFIN AND
PAINTED IT BLACK.
Not a Trace of Poison Was Found
in the Body of the Infant
Buried in the Back
Yard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Aug. 6.
The little child of Mary Hoover that
was buried in a garden lot at Pleasanton
by its grandfather was not murdered.
This fact was testified to to-day by Pro
fessor George W. Colby at the inquest
held at Pleasanton over little Minnie's
remains.
The first witness was Mrs. Mary Hoo
ver, who told a very tragic story, but
toward the end she said that she had no
reason for believing the serious accusa
tions which she had published against her
father. She stated that she is not yet 18
years of age; that she is now the wife
of Henry Hoover, and that the child was
born and died before she was married.
The witness recounted in detail the
story of her father's alleged cruel- i
ties to her and her child. She repeated
that she had caused to be published a
statement charging hor father with mur
der on the ground that she believed he i
had administered poison to her infant a
short time before its death.
In answer to questions young Mrs. Hoo
ver said that she did not see her father
give her child anything and she only
thought she did. She had no proof, and
when her published statement was read
to her she said that she must have made
a mistake. She made the statement a
short time after she was married and '■ '
admitted that she wrote it simply to get
even with her father, who had given out
an interview regarding her character.
R. H. Magill, the editor of the Pleas
anton Times, told the story of the girl
sending for him and giving him a signed
statement regarding her father which she
requested him to publish, and which ap
peared in his paper.
Henry Barnett, the father of youiff
Mrs. Hoover, then told his story for the
first time. "I make my living," said he,
"by chopping wood. I objected strongly
to my daughter's marriage to Henry
Hoover because I did not think he wns
able to support her. I had no other rea
son for. opposing the marriage. My girl
g^.ve me considerable trouble. I did not j
see her child but once alive. Her stories
that I threatened to kill it in different
ways by beating its head against a
peach tree are absolutely false. On m
occasion did I give the child any medi
cine or anything else. About an hour
before it died I went into the room where
it was and saw it with a cloth over its
face. I removed the cloth, and after a
brief look at the little one replaced it and
then my daughter told me it was very
sick. An hour afterward it died.
"We have no money and it is a hard
matter for us to live, so I could not give
the child a funeral. I did not have money j
enough to buy the little thing a coffin. I
made a neat little box with the best ma
terial I had. painted it black and burird
the infant in the corner of our iot ckse
up to the fence. I did not know it was
necessary to report a death to the Hon.lt h
Officer or 1 should have done so. Neither
did I know that it was necessary to ob
tain a permit for a burial. I did every
thing properly and decently, and hid I
been able I would have employed an un
dertaker to attend to the funeral."
Dr. W. H. Cope, to whom the child wt s
taken after being disinterred, testified
that it was impossible for him, owing to
the condition of the body, to state wheth
er it had been subjected to violence o/
not. He testified to sending portions of
it to Coroner Baldwin for the purpose
of a chemical analysis.
Professor George Colby of the ?h?mis
try department of the university testi
fied that he had examined the remains j
sent to him for any kind of poison that
it would have been possible for the child
to have taken. He found absolutely r.o
traces of any poisonous matter. He said
the fact that the body was decomposed
would have no bearing on the result, for
had poison been in the body when it was
interred ho would have been quite able
to detect it at this time. _..,. „. ,
The jury returned a verdict that Minnie
Hoover who was a little over two months
old came by her death from some un
known cause, but there was no reason to
suppose It was other than natural.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Disoovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayn«, lnd It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building Fort Wayne. lnd., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers aro
requested to write without delay.
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains. Brulsea.
Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism. Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Pains Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus kau SltkaeM. Nausea, etc AU uru«-
gitta.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads
where there are no postal facilities can have The Gall
thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
WIACIC SANTA' • • j
CATALINA
America's greatest field for health and pleas- j
ure. Most phenomenal rod and reel fishing in
the world. The wonderful Marine Gardens;
the great stage ride; delightful coast excur-
sions; novel outdoor sports; dancing; Pyrotech-
nics; water carnivals, etc. THEJFAMOU3
MARINE BAND and splendid ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL METROPOLE,
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management. '
ISLAND VILLA,
Open July 1. Splendid arrangement for
campers. , :
Full information, rates, illustrated .pamphlets,
Wilmington Transportation Company,
222 South Spring St., Lcs Anc&les. Cal.
~ PACIFIC
CONGRESS SPRINGS
Santa Clara County,
• Three hours from San .'•''rancisco, via Los
Gatos; 6 months roundtrlp ticket. $4, or via
Santa Clara, $3 50. New swimming tank. 150x75
feet, and other improvements.
Hot and cold mineral baths.
Climate, scenery and location unequaled.
JOHN S. MATHESON. Manager.
HIGIAi SPRINGS;
LAKE COUNTY". CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAX.
springs In America; all ttnds of amw-
rnents; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations: jr-t*«
reasonable. Write for illustrated Pa™P"£»-
Ban Francisco office. 816 Montgomery strwt
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. CaL
01/tPPO HOT SFBI?rGS ' Sonoma Co
\K Li ml \ Only 4% urs from S. F and
Ul\nUUv but 9 miles staffing; waters
noted for medicinal virtues: best natural bath
in State: telephone; telegraph: daily mail;
FIRST-CLASS SERVICE: morning and after-
noon stages: round trip from S. F. only $ 3 o0;
take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Terms $2 a day or $12 a week. Reference any
eu-^t of the past three years. J. F. MUL-
GREW. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats iree to guests. Fine "shlng. Excellent
table. Clean beds .and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Trucke* In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal epot for families because It s
clean' no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pura water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS. P Virginia City before J t u o n th 9t h9 - when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to tha public.
ttePl^ REST and HEALTH
ORGHARDSFR3NOS
fntheriwthills orthe Sitrraleradas, ncarColfax, onl'.P.R.B.
Plain, qniet retrrtt. flnfst srfnerv. water, mountain air,
fruit. *nd nil th- Tear aroiin i climatr in Califtrmt.
ldf»l pround» and «WTound!cß». On R. R., Isbmiiw from San Fran.
$8 a week. Open all yenr. Scad for Booklet.
Address: Orchard Spring*. Chicago Park, Cal.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering plac© is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fin* stone dining room; telephone con- ;
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round irl*
ttcksta at Southern Pacific offices, 119.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprfeto*.
J. WALLACE SPAULDtNQ. Manager.
ROWARDENNAN.
" Fanta Cruz Mountain* on Ran Loren2o Rltct. !
t hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa .
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room In Santa Crui
Mts • club, billiard. and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tal»- |
Dhone and telegraph service. Round trip, 11.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South Baa j
Lomond. . • ■ - • I
SPRING VALE RANCH.
Santa' Cruz Mountains. Pleasure and health
resort. Delightful walks through redwood can-
yons. Huntlng.and tlshing. Fresh fruit. Table
first-class. Free bus. Write for pamphlet.
Tt-HTTfTiMTS rCI Soauel. CAI. ■
The boss of the repair department in a Massachusetts
Ai watch factory says : "I used to be a good deal of an ath-
lete and was in the habit of taking lots cf out of door
exercise, but since I've been shut up in this shop I began
to have terrible bilious headaches. I still did enjoy an
occasional bout at boxing, but after a few lively rounds a
tendency to get as sick as can be seemed to take posses-
sion of me. ; The exercise appeared to stir up the bile and
the next day I would have a racking good headache, My
druggist recommended me o try Ripans Tabules as a
possible cure. He said they .eemed to be the latest cure-
all for stomach troubles. \\ Vll, he just hit it. I have not;
used more than 25 cents' worth, but I exercise now asl
much as I please and don't know what a bilious headach^
means any more." \y;'
A new style packet oontainirw tiw rtpaws ubtub in a PttW«^n(wttl>octtp^^toaOTrit*^Mfcj^»
■ - «rucr storw^wrnirnt cms.- This lowyrieed sc-n is intended for the poor jnrt >he «xhk : r^-^^SS
cf U>e avc-c«it carton- (v» WUjulos) aui be had b* mall hy sending "rty-ngta. cwtato tbf '— uaCJOmiak*,
i-«ii«i. ao. WSBnwStea^«ec«r 'SBiis-iw* eiaste carton (tkh ftiJJ»w*«w«Htfi9i«» .
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
- PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA,
OTTO E. NEVER Proprteto*
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT. J
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEJs ANT* COTTAGES. •
PAH- ORCHESTRA. ,
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
■ WEST SPRIIGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor In the State: a va-
riety of mineral springs, Buch as Soda, Sul-
phur. Magnesia, Iron and Arsento: plunge bath;
BWimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip %Z 75. Stag* meeta
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$9 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUKR-
GENSEN. : ' '. ■
THE GEYSERS,
Scnoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. ' The ' hotel an enchantla*
tmbowered home. Bath house rebuilt, eletraat
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc - '' iIL
NATURAL STEAJU ANL> MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming •— ake. Long-distance Tels-
phone. Telegraph, etc Table unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week: $2 and $2 5« pae
£ay. R. HORTON. Proprietor.
T AC PTTTT TPfIQ WARM BPSING3,
LUD uUILiIvUO Kenwood, Sonoma Co.,
On the bank of Sonoma Crteek. , An unrivaled
place for quiet rest.* -Warm sulphur baths.
Fine swimming pool. Grand old oaks and other
natural attractions. Cheap fare. Liberal table.
Terms $1 per day. School vacation being over,
can accommodate a few select people in tent or
cottag?. For particulars address MRS. P. r.
M. WATE, Kenwood, or P. T. M. WATE, In-
ternal Revenue Office, city. . - --
CARLSBAD
MINERAL SPRINGS.
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
Waters unsurpassed for > STOMACH, LIVER,
KIDNEY and BLADDER affections. . Round-
trin ticket direct to Carlsbad Springs, Lake
County, via S. F. and N. P. R. R.. $9- Terma.
$S to $10 per week. MeGQVERN> Proprtetor .
W. R. McGOVERN, Proprietor.
HOWARD springs.
H(lWAltl) PUTAH P. 0..
IIVF TT rllvy LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates. $8 HO and *12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip. |K>- Southern Paciflo offlca. CU
M £d^M tWt '- MR3. R J BEEBT -
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. .
Natural advantages; salubrious l'mcto; pi»-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pur*
fprlng water; beautiful drives: ptne groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, re»t and
health culture In a short time. Addreea St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena. CaL
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; tree conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand iedwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply 13. KRUSE. 207 Front «t.. S. F.. lor par-
tlcularm. . .
.V HOTEL EL BONITO.
DUNCAN'S MILLS. Sonoma County. Open
all year; N. P. R. R. : best boating, fishing,
bathing on Russian River. Fine walks, drives,
croquet, billiards, etc.; excellent table. Terms:
$S 00 to $12.00 a week. - PETER SICKELS, pro-
prietor, or I. E. THAYER. 2S California street.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
the ranch: good table and pleasant surround-
ine!=: terms Jo per week. Address W.CRAN-
i DELL. Santa Cruz. ■
1516
MR. FAY DID
NOT SEND IN
McNAB'S LIST
And So the Work of the Com
mittee of One Hundred
Was Hampered.
Fifty-Three Additional Democratic Delegates
to Be Named When the List Is Ap
proved by the Whispering Boss.
Charles W. Fay, the young politician
who enjoys the reputation of being the
mouthpiece through whi<-h the whis
pering boss issues his orders to the
rank and file of The Committee of One
Hundred, was pot present at the meet
ing of the committee last evening, and
as a consequence the business of the
meeting was marked by so many
hitches and false moves that Chairman
Dunn confessed himself considerably
annoyed.
The business before the committee
•was the nomination of candidates for
appointment as delegates to- the State
Convention. One hundred delegates
•were appointed Friday , night, one by
each member of the committee, leav-
Ing fifty-three to be appointed by the
committee acting as a body. From the
list of Democrats placed in nomination
last night these fifty-three delegates
will be selected Monday night. Aside
from frequent stoppages due to the
non-appearance of Mr. Fay, the pro
ceedings were not marked by any in
cident worthy of a Democraic gather-
WAHH PREIENT\ TUP
PROroiEO D84.6c.A-rr with'
Their. «CCwfMIOI(J • . .
ing. As the business progressed and
the list of nominees lengthened it de
veloped that the great majority of
those who wish to receive the coveted
appointments are rt tired merchants,
retired laborers or retired capitalists.
It was suggested that by the time the
convention closes all of the delegates,
and perhaps the members of the com
mittee, will be retired politicians.
Chairman Dunn was inclined to be
lieve that it would be well to postpone
the election of the necessary'- fifty-three
delegates to a later date than Monday
in order to give the members an op
portunity of going over the list of
nominees and selecting therefrom the
names of only such men as will be sure
to represent the wishes of the people—
who are appointing them. The sug
gestion did not meet with a favorable
reception and it was finally decided to
leave the nominations open until Mon
day night. This will give ample time
for those in authority to inspect and re
vise the list and add such, names as
were overlooked on account of the ab
sence of Mr. Fay.
Following are the names presented to
the committee from the varioua dis
tricts:
Twenty-eighth— T. O'Brien, Alexander Deleta,
M. J. Heavey. John Moore. O. F. !tfeidon, Wil
liam Casey. L. O'Brien. Joseph Sullivan. Emll
Shuck. E. F. I.acey, A. Unger, E. Magulre. P.
H. Cahlll.
Twenty-ninth— Thomas Falkner. Mlrhae! lai
cev, John Allen, James P. Lally, Charles Kie
mL
Thirtieth — John Devaney, Georxe Smith.
'ADVEHTISEMENTS.
f—
fa
Husband Had to Undress . and
Dress Wife Like a Baby.
Doctors* Medicines Drove
Her Almost Crazy.
First Application CUTICURA
Gives Perfect Ease in Five
Minutes, and a Night's
Sound Sleep.
My hands were completely covered with
Eczema, and between my fingers the ikin.
was perfectly raw. I had to sit with both
bands held up, and away from the re. I could
get no ease night or day. ' I could not bear to
fret warm, it would put me In a rage of itching.
My husband bad to dress and undress mo like
a baby. The best phy3ician3* medicines gave
. me no relief, and drove me almost crazy. 1
was advised to try Ccticoka Remedied, and
did so, although my husband had to go twenty,
miles to get them. As soon as he got back, I
used the Cuticcjba (ointment), scodjlve mi*.
utea after the first application I teas perfectly
taty, and slept soundly all that night. I always
keep CuTicrßA Remedies in my house now,
and recommend them to everybody, because
of their wonderful effect. ~
AGNES M. HARRIS, Pvtb, Va.
erBCOT CSTBI TH«ATIrt*T.TOB.TOBTC*IJrO, Dl»-.
nai'Biita Kimoxs, wits Lots or Haib. — Warm bttb*
•with Cotico»aBoap, gentle «nolotlri^ with Cuticitba ,
(ointment), the gre«t akin cure, mild do«e« ot CDTICTBA '
Eibolvist, grealeit of blooo purfflari«nd humor cure*.
aoMthrowrtum* the world. PottibD.*C.Co*Fm6ol«
tfrepj., Bottoa. IT " H»w to Cur» tifttj Humor," MO.
-.■; -•.-."■.-■::".•:■■ :' --' : *: -•■ .'■■ ■ ', ' ■ :'.' ■
1 George Fitzgerald. Robert Welch John Heney,
Richard Barry. James Ferrell. James Crelgh
ton. William Fahey, John F. Sweeney, Thomas
Grady, J. Simons. . .
Thirty-first— J. Gallagher. Major Jo
seph Enright. James McElerney,- j4Dhn Reid, P.
J. Qulnlan, f. Celler, John MoGeary, Dr. Rob
ert Lowry. Patrick Savage,- T. L. Clancey,
Charles H. Holtz. T. E. Tracy.
Thirty-second — Flnney, •A. J. Reaven.
Thomas Floyd. ,W. H. Relley, Thomas J.
Thompson. John C. Hackett. Geo. A. McCaJl,
Michael McGrath, A. J. McManus, C. F.
Dahmke. Dr. Beeser, Richard Camuaso. Wil
liam Renwick, John H. Burns, Charles Kelly,
Peter Smith. John Coughlin, Thomas Kerwin.
William McCarthy. Clarence Browning, James
Boyd, Thomas Crowe.
Thirty-third— Frank McAHer, James Donnl
van, P. F. - Nolan. George N. - Burnett. James
Kingston. E. D. Sullivan, Thomas Kellx. John
Reedy/ Cornelius Coakley. Frank Cleary, Fred
Foulka. Robert Allen, Daniel Rlordan.
Thirty-fourth— Helm, J. R. O'Keefe. A.
W.'ThompKon, F. E. Mahoney. Daniel Curry,
R. Webb. John Qrtffln. D. R." AleCallum, Wil
liam CVShaughnesyy, R. Lynch. M. Fennell.
Thirty-fifth— L. Burns, John Massy.
Thirty-sixth— H. McCarthy," Patrick Cas
soway, W. W. McNalr, E.. N. IJHtt. John Gar
risino, Dennis O'Keefe.
Thirty-ninth— Irwin, C. W. Lovey, J.
J. dough. Louis Eckhanlt.
Forty-first — Joseph Meyerst«ln, E. T. Tlough
ton'. O. N. Goldaracene, R. A. Thompson.
Forty-fourth — H. L. Rea, George Krlmphoff,,
John Fay, WilMnm A. Antonivleh. Georse.T.
Hueur. L. V. Merle. Dr. G. W. Slchel. Charles
W. Luhm, Charles W. Falk, L. F. Cunningham,
M. M. McGlinchy.
DEMOCRATS WILL
WELCOME MAGUIRE
Programme for Parade and
Mass - Meeting Tuesday
Night Arranged.
Arrangements for the reception to Little
Giant Maßulre, who will arrlv'e h"-no
Tfctsday evening , have beon completed,
an<l wiil ponsist of a parade ar. 1 spe^ch
mnkin^. The pet of the Popiuisrs anil
the white elephant of the Democrats wl'l
be mo' at the ferry and esorted to Met
ropolitan Temple by several bands and
organizations of the faithful who are ex
pected to follow blindly wherever he may
lead. At the meeting: the multitude will
be regaled with oratory- President Hol
comb of the Central Democratic Club will
call the assembly to order and introduce
Walter Stradley, the chairman of the
evening. Chairman Stradley will then
tell what the "baby" has done and will |
do. but he is not expected to say any- |
thing about the Oregon platform, which !
Maguire must subscribe to before he can i
accept the nomination for Governor on
the Populist ticket- After the applause
which will follow Mr. Stradley's perora
tion (and which has already been ar-
ranged for) has subsided the : "event of
the evening" will take place. The would
be Governor ' will relate how, by "inde
fatigable and unceasing" toll by day and
night, he has frustrated the diabolical
schemes of Hnnttn^ton and his tssoc;
ated villains and saved the people of Cal
ifornia from being reduced to beggary.
But the great champion of everythlnjr is
not expected to make any reference U> the
recent ■ "fusion" at Sacramento. Ho will
talk about that later. Mayor -Pliclan has
beon invited to attend and addross th<>
mc-fit'ng, and if -time, and the na-tienco of
th- audience will permit Jim tJirry will
explcde a few oraf bombs which arc *.x-
CLITOUJ BARBOUtt.
STOPPCO CHCWIW4 ro*, 1
A «EC*NO TO ewLl<» MTEN ,
THC COMNitTIB -• — - ■
pected to strike terror to the hearts of
every voter.
The roster of the parade from the ferry
to Metropolitan Temple is as follows:
Band: Central Democratic Club's drill corps.
Captain J. D. Powers; Congressman Magulre
and committee in carriages; second division.
Central Democratic Clubs, Qeorge McCallum,
marshal; German Democratic Centra! Club.
Otto Luedcrs, marshal : Iroquois Clubs, Fred
Raabe, marshal; Thirty-first District Demo
cratic Club. Charles J. Gallagher, marshal;
Maxuire Club, Frank Malloye, marshal; Thir
ty-third District Magulre Club, George R.
Code, marshal.
The following committees have the af
fair In charge: Arrangements— James 11.
THE SAX FRAKCTSCO CALL, StHSTPAY, AUGUST 7, 1898. _ L
CALL FOR REPUBLICAN PRIMARIES.
At a meeting of the Republican County Committee of the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, held on the second day of August, 189$. it was resolved
pursuant to the call Issued by the Republican State Central Committee on the 23d day
of July, 1898, for the holding of the Republican State Convention in the City of Sacra
mento on the 23d day of August, 1898, to nominate candidates for State offices, to be
voted for at the general election to he held Tu«*«day, November 8, 1898. and to select a
new Republican State Central Committee, and for the holding of District Conventions to
nominate candidates for the Btate Board of Equalisation and Railroad Commissioners,
and District Conventions for the nominations of members of the House of Representa
tives to be roted for at said general election; and to transact such other business as
may come before said conventions or any of them, in which call of said Republican
State Committee 156 delegates to said State Convention ware apportioned to the City
and County of San Pranciaco.
First— That the Republican County Committee of the City and County of San Fran
cisco, being a committee authorized by therules and customs of the Republican party and by
the Republican orgaization of the State of California, acting under and pursuant to
the said oall of the said Republican State Central Committee, hereby orders and calls
a primary election to be held in the City and County of San Francisco, on Thursday,
the 18th day of August. 1?S»8. for the purpose of selecting delegates to the said Repub
lican State. District ana Congressional conventions in accordance with the call of the
said Republican State Committee.
Second— That said primary election shall be held on the said Hth day of August,
1898, between the hours of 6 o'clock a. m. and 6 o'clock p. m. of that day, during
which time the polls shall be kept continuously open.
Third— That said primary election shall bo held by assembly districts, and the
polling places for such primary election shall be in number and location as hereinafter
specified, and that there shall not be lass than two polling places in any assembly
district.
Fourth— That there shall be a board of election for each of said polling places,
which board of election shall consist of one Inspector, two Judges and two clerks, to ba
appointed by this committee.
. Fifth— That in addition to all other grounds of challenge under the laws of this
State governing general elections the following test may, on such challenge, be put
to voters at 9ald primary election, to- wit:
"I will vote at the ensuing general election for the nominees of the Republican
party."
Sixth— That no person shall be permitted to vote at said primary election unless
his name shall appear upon the register of voters for the year 1896 of the precinct
and district for which he offers h»s vote, or unless he Bha.ll present a certificate of
registration for the year IS9S from th« Registrar of Voters of the city and county of
San Francisco.
Seventh— That the 156 delegates to which by the said call of the Republican State
Committee the city and county of San Francisco is entitled shall be and they ara
hereby apportioned as follows, to-wit:
One delegate at large.
Twenty-eighth Assembly District 8 delegates
Twenty-ninth Assembly District 6 delegates
Thirtieth Assembly District « delegates
Thirty-first Assembly District 6 delegates
Thirty-second Assembly District « delegates
Thirty-third Assembly District 8 delegates
Thirty-fourth Assembly District 10 delegates
Thirty-fifth Assembly District 8 delegates
Thirty-sixth Assembly District 11 delegates
Thirty-seventh Assembly District 12 delegates
Thirty-eighth Assembly District 10 delegates
Thirty-ninth Assembly District 12 delegates
Fortieth Assembly District 12 delegates
Forty-first Assembly District v 12 delegates
Forty-second Assembly District 9 delegates
Forty-third Assembly District 8 delegates
Forty-fourth Assembly District 8 delegates
Forty-fifth Assembly District 3 delegates
Eighth— That the voters In eaxih Assembly District shall vote for one candidate for
dflegate-at-large and for the number of delegates to which their respective Assembly
District shall respectively be entitled.
Xlnth— That to secure a uniform ballot and a fair and Impartial representation of
delegates to be voted for at said primary election all ballots bhull be printed under
the direction of this committee and on paper of uniform color and size, which paper
shall be furnished by this committee and no other ballot shall be received at said
primary election. That the names of all candidates to be voted for at said primary
election and all ballots containing the names of said candidates must be presented to
the secretary of this committee on or before the hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of Monday,
the 15th day of August, 189S, at the headquarters of this committee on the first floor,
933 ilarket street, San Francisco, and unless so presented the same will not be con
sidered.
Tenth— That ten days' notice of the holding of eaid primary election and of the
time ai:d place thereof s-hall be given, by publishing this call in a. newspaper or news
papers of genorcn circulation, published in the city and county of San Francisco.
Eleventh— That the returns of jold primary election shall be made to the secre
tary of this committee at its headquarters, first floor, 933 Jiajrket street, San Francisco,
immediately after the canrass by the election boards of me votes cost at such election.
Twelfth— That this committee shall meet at 8 o'clock p. m. on said ISth day of
August, 1893, and shall proceed to canvass the said returns and declare the result
of said primary election, and shall thereafter under the hand and seal of the chair
man and secretary of this euinr-iittee certify and forward the names of the" delegates
elected to tl: s State, district and Congressional conventions at said primary election
to the secretary of the said Republican State Centra] Committee, and this committee
shall accredit and issue credentials to all delegates elected at said primary election.
Tl irteenth— That all contests arising at or fr«m said election shall be heard and de
termined by this committee; iiid all such contests must be filed in writing- with this
committee at its headquarte: :> Tritbln 24 hours after the closing of the polls at said
primary election, otherwise th^ p^ir.e shall not be entertained, and the result of tha
election as announced by this committee nhall be final.
Fourteenth— Ami whereas, uritiar tfc.? «ald call of the Republican State Committee
It is provided that Congressional District conventions shall be held at a time and place
and according to an apportionment of delegates to be specified by the Congressional
Committee of the respective CongTe«frional districts for the nomination of candidates
for the House of Representatives in the various Congressional districts, and for the
selection of Congressional District Committees for said Congressional districts respect
ively, and that the delegates to »atd Congressional Dletriot conventions shall tx chosen
In each county of such Congressional District in such manner as the respective county
committee may determine.
And whereas, The Fourth Congressional District is. In its entirety, included In the
city and county of San Francisco, anU a portion of the Fifth Congressional District la
also included therein, and the respective Congressional committees of said Fourth and
Filth Congressional districts have determined that the Congressional district conven
tions, in accordance with eaid call of the Republican State Central Committee, shall
meet at the city of Sacramento, State of California, on the 23d day of August, 1898, at
the hour of Ip. m., or at any other place and time to which said respective Congres
sional district conventions may adjourn, and have fixed the apportionment of repre
sentation to such Congressional district conventions ar.i of delegates thereto upon the
same basis as fixed by said Republican State Central Committee for election of dele
gates to the Republican State convention. Now, therefore, it te further resolved, that
a primary election for the selection of delegates to said Fourth and Fifth Congres
sional district conventions shall be held at the same time and place, and under the
same auspices and regulations as the primary election for delegates to the Republican
State convention as aforesaid; that the apportionment of delegates to said Congres
sional district conventions shall be respectively for eacli Assembly dictrict the same
number as are hereinbefore specified for the election of delegates to the said Republi
can State conven- '.on, and that the same set of delegates shall be nominated to serve
as delegates to the Republican State convention and to the Republican Congressional
conventions.
The polling place* of the various districts will be at the point* designated In the
following table:
1 Minna street
17 Howard street
S, 7. V 9. 10, 11 and IS.
4, 5, t- 12. 14, 15 and 18.
Natoma street
Shipley street
3, 4. 7. 9. 12, 13 and 17.
-5, 6, 8, 10, 11, 14 and 18.
Howard street
Howard street
2, 3, 4, C, 6, 7 and 17.
9, 10. 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 1«.
Seventh street
i Folsom street
2. 3. 4, 6, «, 7 and 11.
9. 10, 12. 13, 14, 16. 16 and 17.
Northwest corner Third and Town-
send streets
14 Brannan street
2, 8, 4, 6, 7 and ».
10, U. 12. 13 and 14.
R2
Drtheast corner Twenty-fourth
and Bryant streets I
i Illinois street I
L to 9 Inclusive.
10 to 15 Inclusive.
. S4
Folsom street
;hwest corner Eleventh and
oward streets
|1 to 11 inclusive.
•
12 to 20 inclusive.
>;.,^*
I—l2oß Vale-nola street
!— 795 San Jose avenue
1 to 8 inclusive.
|9 to 14 inclusive.
86
Clri'le avenue
Twenty- fourth street
56 Seventeenth street, corner Noe.
19 and 20.
8, 11, 12, 13, 14, IS, 16, 17 and 18.
»>st -corner Derlsadero and
streets....'.
gh 5treet.........
1 to 11 inclusive.
12 to 20 Inclusive.
-COl McAllister street
-1122 Devioadero street
1 to 11 Inclusive.
;i* to IS inclusive.
M
Larkl n street
Larkln street
I to 10 Inclusive.
II to 20 incluslre.
-1839 Fillmore street
-Northwest corner Devlsadero and
Sutter streets
to 8 inclusive.
• to 20 inclusive.
41
I— Southeast corner Polk: and Pacific
strpets ..............'............'....
2 — Northwest corner Union and Steln-
er streets
to 10 inclusive.
to 19 Jnorostve.
■7 Mason street
•1337 California street
1 to 7 Inclusive.
8 to 16 inclusive.
[35 Stocktofl street 1
'03 California streot
to 8 inclusive,
to 1C Inclusive.
! Dupont street ,
Lombard street
2. 3, 4. 5, 11. 12 and 14.
7, 8, 9, 10, 13 and 15.
45
Drumm street
i Broadway
2, 3. 4, 5. 6. 7 and ».
10, 11. 12.18 and 14.
MANWARIN
', Secretary.
P. H.
Barry, "W. C. Graves,' Y/illiam Fahey and
Charles H. Holcomb. Reception— T. Carl
Spelling, Captain G. Krimpr.nff, • r-hajlos
Klesel. Dr. E. Thlele, Frank K. Mahonoy ,
Thomas Martin and James Mahtmey. Mv-
Bic— E. T. Mlnehan, C. F. Bucklev.
J. Maher and E. J. Reynolds. Halls and
Bonfires— J. D. Powexs, Charles T Mac
harty and P. J. Smith. ;
The Democratic Central Club will as
semble in the lower hall of Metropolitan
Temple, Jessie street entrance. ■< ■» ■, ;
Iroquois and German . Democratic Cen
tral clubs will assemble at Pythian Cas
tle; the Thlrty-flrn District Club at Teiv
tonia Hall, Howard street, near Ninth,
and the Maguire dubs at the Mint steps.
Fifth street, near Mission. They will all
assemble at 7 p. m., Tuesday, August 9.
• . ' : . ' '• ..'■'.;'■■':■• ■-■■.-'.-■■.;• ■:■'.
CHANGE OF SENTIMENT
AMONG DEMOCRATS.
Rank and File of Party Op
posed to Gould-Alvord-
McNab bchemo.
The Harney wing of the Democratic
party is gaining strength every day. and
in view of the rapid change of sentiment
now taking place among the Democrats
who have practically been robbed of their
suffrage by the Gouid-McNab-Alvord
combine the major and his followers are
becoming more confident that the State
convention will repudiate the action of
the trjijmvlrate. Circulars settinjr form
the details of the steal by "Whispering*
Gavin and his associates have been
mailed broadcast throughout the State
and to every delegate to the Democratic
State convention. The Harneyltes confi
dently expect that the country Demo
crats will not Indorse the scheme which
has been put up by the three dictators,
and that the Democratic party, as repre
sented by legally elected delegates, will
be given a voice* in the selection of can
dfdates for State offices.
The regular Republican County Com
mittee will meet next Thursday evening
at the headquarters in the Zinkand build
ing. Chairman Manwarlng, who has been
confined to his home for over a week, is
seriously 111, and his duties are being dis
charged by Vice Chairman Rlordan.
Next Thursday evening, the 11th inst.,
the Non-Partisan Committee of Fifty
will meet in the assembly room at the
Mflls building and organize thedr muni
cipal convention. The committee of fifty
has been 'revised and is now complete.
Bert Sch:essinger, Assistant United
States District Attorney, will be a candi
date for the position of Superior Judge
at the coming munloipal Democratic con
vention.
Republicans of the Thirty-
Ninth District.
A " meeting of representative Republicans
Of the Thirty-ninth Assembly District waa
held in I Saratoga Hall i last 1 evening and
formed a = Reptrbllcan • olub. The ) meeting
discussed way.s e.ud mean)} ' for aldingr the
Republican nominees at the ensuing elec
tion. The sense of the meeting was to
work if possible in harmony with the
County Committee. The officers of the
cliib who were elected are: President, T.
H. McCarthy; recording secretary, Mor
gan Backus; financial secretary, R. W.
McGarvie; treasurer, B. F. True: first
vice-president, J. J. Sullivan: second vice
president. Dr. George E. Bushnel!; exec
utive committee— W. J. Herrin, C. J.
King, P. L. Archibald, D. L. Reynolds
and Oliver Olsen. Another meeting of
the District Republican Club will be held
next Friday evening at Saratoga Hall.
TRYING TO FORCE
EMPLOYES INTO LINE
Southern Pacific Company
Makes an Attempt to Or
ganize Political Clubs.
The political bureau of the Southern
Pacific Company has evolved a new
• scheme of "doing" politics which, It
hopes, will result in the herding of sever
al thousand voters into the corporation
corral. In this and other cities of the
State an attempt is being made to or
ganize the employes of the railroad into
political clubs, the ostensible purpose be
ing the protection of the interests of the
men. The real purpose is, however, to
line the men up on the question of
"freights and fares" as associated with
the election of the next State Board of
Railroad Commissioners.
That the men are not taking kindly to
the proposition is made apparent by the
results of a recent meeting in Sacramen
to. About three hundred employes of the
railroad attended the meeting and par
ticipated in the organization up to the
point where it became necessary to pro
vide "ways and means." When it was
suggested that an assessment of 25 cents
per capita be levied more than two hun
dred of those present deserted the meet
ing in a body. The following "call," un
der which these meetings are being held,
discloses the purpose of the railroad com
pany:
PREAMBLE.
Whereas, It Is apparent to all railway em
ployes that they must use their political in
fluence for the protection of their various in
terests, therefore, we, the undersigned railway
employes of Sacrament© division and vicinity,
do pledge ourselves to work In unison for the
end above described, and in furtherance of
such object will form a club through which
to act, as see rules and regulations following,
viz:
Section 1. The name and title of this club
shall be "The Railway Employes' Political
Club of Sacramento, Cal.," and its purposes
and principles shall be:
1. To awaken railway employes to a sense of
their rights and responsibilities as citizens of
thelricountry.
2. To gain for them political recognition,
standing and place.
3. To, when feasible and advisable, nomln-
ate and support for office, men from among
railway employes; ottie'-wise to support for
office only those who deal jußtly with railway
employes' rights and Interests.
4. To protect In all thlnps the interests of
railway employes, and to oppose with united
political strength all who would act, either
directly or indirectly, to the detriment of
these interests.
5. To, as far as proper consideration of the
interests of railway employes will permit,
avoid Injuring or antagonizing the Interests
of others, and to be juet and conservative in
all politics and methods.
OLYMPIC MEMBERS
REMAINED AWAY
ONLY A SMALL CROWD OF CLUB
MEN SAW THE FIGHT.
Rumors That Tracey Had Agreed to
Lose th<3 Match, and Win. Big
Money in Sets.
Tom Tracey, the victor of Friday
night's fight, was a very happy man yes
terday, notwithstanding that he shows
more marks of punishme -t on his face
than his opponent, McConnell.
Tracey said that all that his opponent
requires to put him at the head of the
welter-weight class is speed and more
experience. Tracey received as his share
of the receipts $700 and McConnell $500,
which latter sum Is considered very good
money for a loser.
Billy Kennedy, the superintendent of
the club, said last, evening that there
were 1300 people in the gymnasium, and
that of this number there were only 370
club members who witnessed the con
tests.
"Had it not been for the outsiders,"
said artful Billy, "we would have met
with a cold frost and a losing game, but
as it stands, the club cleared its skirts
and put just a few dollars away to the
good."
When asked about the peculiar betting
and why Tracey sold on the short end at
2 to 1, Kennedy replied that he had sus
pected a hippodrome somewhere, and
that before the fighters entered the ring
he gave Tracey a lecture on fake fight
ing, finishing with the ultimatum that if
he detected anything crooked neither
man would receive a cent, and that the
referee would declare all bets off.
"This had the desired effect," said Ken
nedy, "that Is, if there were any plans
laid to fool the club and the betting pub
lic."
McConnell ' s n °t satisfied with his de
feat. He asked Tracey for a return
match, and as the Australian will re
main on this coast for some time he may
give McConnell's prayer favorable con
sideration.
Among the people who witnessed the
fight was a woman dressed in man's
attire. President Newhall was actually
shocked when he t ieard that there was a
lady In the house, but rather than stir
up any unnecessary excitement by order
ing her expulsion he allowed the fair
creature to remain within the building
until the show was over. The lady of
morbid curiosity did not wait, however,
on the order of going when the battle
ended, but actually flew downstairs and
out of the club before McConnell had re
covered his equilibrium.
IRISH SOIL WELCOMED.
Carried Through the Streets Amid
Cheers From Natives of the
Emerald Isle.
Preceded by a band playing Irish melo
dies and a number of gayly decorated
carriages, containing leading Irish citi
zens, and escorted by a company of the
K. R. B. Rifles, three drayloads of pre
cious sod from the Emerald Isle was
conveyed to its temporary resting place
In the machinery hall adjoining the Me
chanics' Pavilion last evening.
Market street was packed with its regu
lar Saturday night promenaders, and
every one took up a p.osition at the curb
and cheered the display as it passed. The
explosion of fireworks and -the reflection
of red fire drew thousands from cross
streets, and the earth that has traveled
over land and sea was given a fitting
greeting.
Opposite Zln^aqd'a one oX the heavily
-> : - ADVEBTISEIIIENTS.
CLOTH DEPARTMENT !
NEW CLOTHS
FOR
FALL, 1898.
We have just opened a large shipment of a
very superior . quality LADIES'. CLOTH, 52 inches
wMe ' Price, $1.00 Per lard,
The above cloths are in the following
shades :
Napoleon, Army, Royal,
Cadet, Navy, Marine,
Myrtle, Olive, Hunters,
Sage, Seal, Golden,
Tabac, Fawn, Tan,
Mode, Slate, Gray,
■ Garnet, Cardinal, . Black.
SPECIAL!
10 cases best quality Domet Tennis
Flannel, good patterns.
7<>g yard.
Regular price 10c yard*
SPECIAL!
Our entire stock of Ladies' Shirt
> Waists, reduced to less than HALF
PRICE
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
loaded wagons broke down, causing some
delay, but the time was spent in enthu
siastic cheering by the large escort of
Irish citizens that accompanied the pro
cession.
TO BUILD A NEW CHTTRCH.
Father Brady Will Give a Bazaar to
Baise the Necessary Funds.
A grand bazaar for the purpose of rais
ing sufficient funds to commence the
erection of a new church in St. John's
parish adjoining old St. Mary's College
will be given by and under the imme
diate direction of Rev. Father Brady
next October. ' A
It -will be remembered that it was
through Father Brady's efforts that a new
parochial residence was lately construct
ed contiguous to the proposed site of the
new church. It is to be in keeping with
this new and magnificent home of the
clergy of St. John's parish that its pastor
h Thi members of the perish, particularly
the ladles, are exerting every effort to
make the coming bazaar a success both
from a financial and artistic standpoint.
The booths are arranged and the ladies
in charge are as follows:
Booth I— Mrs. Meincke, assisted by Mrs.
Dennlson, Mrs. McCann. the Misses Den
nison and Miss K. Meincke.
St Anthony"s booth— Mrs. Minahan and
Mrs. John Mitchell, assisted by Mrs. Tim
othy Minehan, Mrs. Flatley, Mrs Wil
liam Sheridan. Mrs. Claffey, Mrs. OFar
rell Mra. Boltz, Mrs. L.yons. Mrs. O Bnui,
Miss L. Reising. Miss Annie Care, Miss
A. Gibbons and Miss M. O'Farrell.
League of the Cross and Immaculate
Conception booth— Miss M. Skehan. Miss
L Skehan. assisted by Miss J. Linahan,
Mrs Wilson, Mrs. Richardson and mem
bers of Immaculate Conception Sodality.
Robert Emmet booth— Mrs M. lister
and Mrs. McDevitt, assisted by Mrs. Fay,
Mrs. Whittkoop and others.
Booth s— Mrs. Dorland and Airs. Ken
nedy, assisted by Mrs. Merriam and
St Agnes* booth (refreshments)— Mrs.
Chern\ assisted by Miss M. Lynn, Miss
A O'Brien and others.
Soda fountain— Mrs*. Supple, assisted by
Miss L. Mitchell, Miss K. Doyle and
Candy stand (members of the choir)—
Miss K. Supple, Miss L. Dennison, Miss
J White, Miss J. McCann, Miss K. Ke
h'oe and Mr. Claffey.
Shooting gallery— Lieutenant Joe TV est
pller.
BAIDED VACANT HOUSES.
Jacob Strelitz Positively Identified
by His Victims.
Jacob Strelitz. who was arrested on Fri
day by Detectives Ryan and ODea of the
Southern Station, was formally booked
for burglary last night. The prisoner Is
the man who has been entering vacant
houses and stealing automatic gas burn
ers.
A woman who lives on Page street, near
Octavia, positively identified him as the
Individual whom she had given the key
to the adjoining flat, as he pretended to
be anxious to rent it. Whi»e he was in
the house she heard a peculiar noise and
on investigation discovered that he was
in the act of forcibly removing the gas
burners. He escaped from the ho.use just
as she had summoned a police officer, -t
is likely that several additional charges
will be placed against him and both Ryan
and ODea are convinced that he is the
man who has been raiding vacant houses.
Park Music To-Day.
March. "The Coming Star" Venuto
Overture. "Oberon" Weber
"Scenes from the Pirates of Penzance".P"PP«
Song. "When the Spring Cotnei Afraid
7. Mrs. I. Andrews
Fantasia. "Robert Il'biavolo" Meyerbeer
Prelude, "Under the Redwoods" Redding
Duet for cornets
Mesprs. William Mahood and E. Keller.
Song. "On the Banks of the Wabash"
Baritone solo by L. Klotz.
"A Hunt In the Black Forest" Voelker
"The Battle of Manila March" Barr.house
Government Buys Typewriters.
29 Smith Premiere were ordered for
the Army and Navy departments. The
agents, L. & M. Alexander, 110 Mont
gomery st., received the order.
Lorena M. Barbier's Bond.
Miss Loreria Myrtle Barbier filed her
bond a» administratrix of the Eugenic
Emerlc estate yesterday. The Pacific
Surety Company went on the bond for
the sum required, $20,000. I
I •*-O^-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-^-0-*-0-¥-0-*'O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-
0 OASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-Traß. o
("i - • " -~ q
I feifebi I
♦ f== ateg P j
■oil — -c^ — pgj^ip : ~-v^.'i I—=^j1 — =^j o
i 3=PIEC£ BEDROOM SET. ?
1 Oak Finish. Next Week $8.50. ♦
o v Our prices, whether cash-or-!ittle- o
♦ at-a-time, are lower than those of £
♦ cash houses. You will always find ♦
4 our margin the closest consistent 4
9 with the economical conduct of °.
o business. Our interest is to please o
q the buyer. ♦
? Ji. NOON AN, I
O Comp!<ste|HouBe-Fupn!sher, O
o 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST, $
♦ Above Sixth. • ;♦ -
o o
4. Phone. South 14. Open Eveningrs. +-
O O
-•■o-*-o-»-o^-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-«-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-.
Carpet s T^ eand
Sv^eepers Labor. •
The "GOLDEN GATE," in Polished Oak
or Rosewood — rubber ( guard and
wheels — heavy brush — automatic
dust pans. Regular price $4.00.'
Special for Monday, Tuesday 00,20
and Wednesday- -■ wL— -
Mail Orders filled promptly.
WJLL & fTNCK CO.,
820 Market Street.
"PAINLESS^DENTISTRY
, a. T Full Set of Teeth '
vjj vf /^/jjv extracting free 00 up
<>y<v>A/>£^v&»* > Gold Crowns 22k . $3 50 up
.y _TnRW' lF*l^ O Open Evening? ftSundava
IB^^irSCß yah VROOWI
*^*^^fv«StVj* Electro Dental Parlors
' << 7&U IPS /--'Sixth and Market
*^* r ' w Dr. GW. Kletser, Prop.
*"^^ vnppiHils the new discovery
UKCAfIIA that ff lve 9 you Ble^ p
A/Nsj 8 " Aa<i no dreams. DKEAJIA
bad dreams, dy
-^^T^^Vw pepela, horrible
.Ireams. dreams, head-
nlght iUU- > S S !T-O»j^w ache
elon»,nirhtniare. .•^S^'.^CT^j^n^
Take at vighu Ircot; :
cured money refunded. 26c I^^
a box. DREAMA CO. Sold by
gSAWT'g BALDWIN PHARMAOT.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S «*••*
f^f, Museum of Anatomy
f§9re\ JO5l IUSSSX ST. let. oti 4 7th, B. ?. 0«u.
v ajLT h Tbe l v * tn of J " klod to ti^ T7orUl *
I^^^ DR- JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 BWlf. H. , ContulUJJea tna. ITrtt* fbr Use*
Wl fPhiKpry^f*Marriagt.
A a mailed r*e«.
•*•** •*■* * * •*•*• ••••••
-:.{;■ AL.HAMBRA ]%/
= { Saturday, September 8d }HONOLULU, July 23. im
VICTORIA KAIULANI KAWEKIU LI'NALI
LO KALAXINt'IAHILAPALAPA came
down the Fta'rs of Aina Hau.
The stairs of Aina Hau are broad and
one sees them from the rooms below and
I -waited in the drawing-room, a big. cool, mod- I
crn affair, in pale terra-cotta, its ceilings pan- /
el-d in red and gold. Its walls yawning into /
rooms beyond, after the hospitable Hawai- /
ian fashion which makes the rooms of each /
floor one vast suite. The furniture is (
quite conventional, the usual jumble from
all places and most periods. A superb ta
ble of the coca wood, carved and inlaid with
other native woods, ha? the center of the
room, and two Kahilis, trie exaggerated
feather dust<r with its ivory or carved
wood stick, which is the emblem of the ,
.lead monarchy, fully eighteen feet high, j
nodded from opposite corners. Otherwise I
thf-re ii no native touch to distinguish this
drawing-room of a daughter of the Ka
mehamehas from that of any other young J
woman in comfortable circumstances.
I found this disappointing. The place is |
historic. It has been the demesne of roy
alty since the coming of Kamehaueha, j
the Conqueror. Its vista of the Diamond j
Head is known as the Queen's Mew.
There are King's Walks and Prince's I
Ways all through its labyrinth of tropic \
growth. When Governor Cleghorn planted
three hundred palms in honor of his
daughter's birth his gardener disturbed the
bones of the slumbering chieftains of his
"I Did Not Understand It All at First." When She Had New Ideas of Her Position.
daughter's race. The grass houses of her forbears are still preserved ur^n the
grounds.' The big two-storixl house in -which she lives has sheltered crowns In
family intimacy. By all the laws? of poetry and romance this room should be
other than it is. But poetry and romance were first to yield to the civilizing
touch which has crept upward to the native's throat. The decorative arts of the
Hawaiians are no more. .:.>-;". >.V 0 V-H ,
The Princess stopped upon the landing three steps above the base and
shook out a tail of yellow chiffon, the sweeping skirt of a glorified boloku. The
royal yellow floated from the phoulders. clung to her youthful bust and arms,
cast its glow upward over her face and throat, fell in waves about her feet.
She looked like some dark, soit-petaled, slim-stalked lily growing in a patch
of sun. '
I ask thy pardon, holoku! I have cursed thee for a Fairy of evil, of gaudy
colors and of calico. The native woman wallows in monstrous widths of great
garish hue: the Jap loses her shrinking, Insufficient legs behind drabbling dis
mal colored folds; the half-white sports all hard white cottons that will take
and hold the starch against this melting air; and one sees all these first.
I felicitate the well-intentioned missionary who invented this garment to
teach the gentle savage'shame and had no more idea than had I of what might
be its -sweet seductions cut from shimmering stuff to cling or float about a
slender palm-like shape and make Sne mystery of youthful curves.
The Princess " carried an ancient native fan, a matter of braided palm, of
length and subtle grace, and she fanned herself slowly with that long, ma
jestic outward, upward sweep which is the grace of the higher Honolulu as it
is that of all Spain. She walked admirably, holding her supple body with, fine
reserve moving with a sort of indolent dignity, very foreign, very fetching,
and I should say, out of a slender knowledge of kingly things, very regal, and
it occurred to me that this girl who has just lost a Throne would have graced
It well. ' . ... '" -
There is much in heredity and, more in education. The Princess Kaiulani
was reared to be a queen.- She has the grand air, a small, proud nead. fine,
direct eyes under sensitive, snaky, brilliantly biack ! brows, a little haughty
nose a little bitter-sweet mouth, a crisp English accent, a manner distantly
gracious the bearing of a woman born and educated to a sense of superiority.
This ' more than the rest evolves her position , pathetic. . This is what I
wanted her to talk about. Crowns are popularly supposed to be uncomfortable,
but few queens have voluntarily changed them for an easy pillow.' I have no
doubt that the ex-heiress to the ex-kingdom of the Hawaiian Islands willlcad
a happier life as Miss Cleghorn of the United States of America, but the
change cannot be without a personal disappointment to a girl of twenty=three
■who has looked forward to the divine right to. rule over the land of her birth,
and I think of the. tragic childhood of all royalty as in the little kingdoms of
the world as In its va3t empires, loaded with the restrictions of rank, choked
in Its natural democratic impulse to be free and friendly, and all this misery
made useless by a fling of ironic destiny.
"How do they manage such things here?" I asked the Princess. "How
were you educated and when' did you find yourself out?"
rou educated, and wen i "Ah, very early, very early indeed,"
Bho . answered. . I don't think I quite
' understood it at all, but I knew I was
well, somebody different, you know,
because I was tabu." •
"You — I ; beg your pardon?" I
"Tabu? Oh, not to be touched —
bred- you knnw./ ,No^me JL raa.ajipjDosed.-I
THE CALL SUNDAY EDITION
THE PRINCESS
WHO WANTED TO BE QUEEN
TO-DAY.
to touch me except persons of my own rank and of course the servants who
dressed me, and my foster-mother. And I want to tell you something very
strange — it seems like a sort of fatality — all these servants I had are gone;
they are dead; they have died recently, quickly, one after the other and since
this trouble of ours. My foster-mother died on Saturday. I had not seen her
for three months and no one liked to tell me she was ill. You see my people
have been educated to keep all sadness aiid trouble from me." The Princess
smiled a little bitter smile.
"It is too soon to expect anything else of them. Still I should have liked
to know about my foster-mother. She died Saturday and they buried her
before I was awake. Then my man-nurse, Sam Alapai, died a little white ago.
But he was very old. He taug-ht my mother to ride, and he taught me. He
was very strict and he did not care a bit about my rank. He was a petty chief
and carried himself like a king. He made me learn to ride without a pommel.
Then without a stirrup. Then without a saddle, and I must not stir from my
seat or he would scold and scold. Actually I was afraid of him until he died.
"I found out very .early that I could be as naughty as I liked with my
nurses and I enjoyed that very much, because I was naturally naughty, I
suppose. I had one nurse that I hated and I used to love to beat ner." The
Princess smiled serenely. "But even that got tiresome after awhile. I was
the only one you know and very delicate and every one 7 etted me at home
and at the Palace, but still I was very lonely. I missed something that all
my friends who were allowed to come to play with me seemed to have. They
could not use my chair, or sit on my bed or touch me even when we played
tag in the garden. I could never be alone with them. I had always six or
seven women watching and watching mo. I was not allowed to climb the
trtfrf as they were, or to race about down to the beach, or to do any of the
things that children have to do alone among themselves without any nurses
or elders fussing about.
"I remember that I envied my friends very much and I envied the children
of the servants, who did quite as they pleased, even more. Then I can remember
a. quite new sensation which came to me when I found out that they also
envied me. That was a very delicious feeling. It served to give quite a new
taste to life and I was not lonely for a long while after that. It came about in
this way. I hud a friend, a very jolly, careless little girl, and one day when
we had been playing together we went up into my bedroom nd she threw
herself down on my bed. I remember how my nurse ruKhed at her across tho
room, 'How dare you,' she said, and she took hold of her roughly and pulled
her to the floor. 'Sit there!' she paid, 'that id the place for you.'
"The little girl went home and I thought about it a long timo. 1 never had
seen my nurse angry and it made a great impression on me. 'Why is the floor
the place for her?' I asked, and my nurse said, 'Because.'
"That didn't seem a very good answer and then I asked, for the first time
I think, 'Why shouldn't people touch me or use my things or sit on my chair
or on my bed?'
"And my nurse said, 'Because you are a Princess ar.d the others are not.'
'Is it very nice to be a Princess?' I asked, and my nurse said that it was the
nicest thing in the world except to be a Queen, and after that, although I was
glad I was a Princess, I always wanted to be a Queen."
"Always?"
"Yes always," answered Kaiulani. "Why shouldn't I tell the truth about it?
I was mad with joy when the news of the proclamation declaring me heiress
to the kingdom reached me abroad. I said to myself like a little girl, 'Now some
day I shall be a Queen.' And meantime, after the Queen, I would come first
Jn tilfi kingdom. I tlmujrtit my heart would break when I heard that the
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
monarchy was overthrown, and I had all a girl's dis
appointment, and I think all a Queen's. I had want
s' ed to be a good Queen some day. I had thought
\ about it and made all sorts of vows and plans
\ you can think of. I dreamed of all that I would
\ do for my people. I was sure that I could make
\ them the happiest people in the world. They
\ are a happy people, you know— very kind and
simple and trusting. They have shown that
to the world, haven't they?"
The brows of the Princess Kaiulani curled
like little angry adders.
{ "Ob. they have been too kind, too simple,
\ too trusting. They have listened and be
\ lieved until they have been betrayed. Do
Jl you know what one of them, one of our old
[ chiefs said to me? He came to me over
V miles and miles of country on horseback
) to know if the news was true. He would
S not take the word of any one except my
1 father or myself. 'And we will have no
I country of our own now?' he said. You
I know the Aloha Aina, the love of coun
1 try is very strong in our hearts. My
I father told him 'No. 1 'And no flag?
'No ' my father said, 'and no flag.' And then
he asked about me. Some of my people
are very fond of me. 'And the Princess?
he asked. My father said, 'The Princess
{ will be Miss Cleghorn.' 'No flag he
said 'no country? Is that what Chnsti-
I anitv has done for us? The rtlWotiarles
/ came here to us and taught us to look to
I Z-enfor happiness, and while our eyes
/ were on the s£es they have Utken our
/ land from under our feet.
"I Was a Princess, but Wanted to Be a Queen." At School in England.
Kalulani brought her flexible brows together over her nose and looked
away out through the wide windows down the grove of palms that were set
out to grow in the first year of her life, which tower over the roof of Aina Hau
and will fling their careless tufts to these trade winds when the house of
Kamehameha :s forgotten.
"And those who brought the influence to bear?"
"Could you feel anything but bitterness? There is nothing in our philosophy
more than in yours to reconcile us to the extinction of our race."
"You think it may mean that?"
"I know it means that," answered the Hawaiian sadly. "My people cannot
exist long under a republic. They must be led, guided, directed, ruled, and
vho will do that for them? If I had the means I would give my life to them.
I think they expected it of me, perhaps. What can I do, what can any one
without money? They will be gone from the face of the earth before they
can grasp these new conditions. It is hard to unlearn, it is the hardest thing
in the world. I have felt that so strongly as I have talked with you about my
childhood. I have to unlearn all that, you know — all that I was educated — all
that I was intended to be. They tell me I will b^much happier, it is easy for
other people — for the successful ones to prescribe h ppiness for us who have
lost. »
"Do you know .what I am asked? I was asxed if I would be at the Annexa
tion Ball. I looked — do you see? — looked at the one who asked me that. Then
1 said, 'Why don't you ask me if I am going to pull d wn Hawaii's flag for them?'
You know they wanted to find twelve native girls to raise the new flag. They
thought it would tre poetic. They did not find them. Is it not expected of us
to have the Aloha Aina? The missionaries did not teach us to forget that. I
am all Hawaiian. I love this country of mine. Its sky. its trees, its people.
Its food. I went to schooi in England, you knov:, and after the first excitement
I began to long for the island food— a longing which never passea away. When
1 came home at last I ran about like a thing mad. I looked for ail the hiving
places, I climbed to the roof of the house where I used to climb to get away
from my governess. I cried because my palms had grown beyond me. I asked
for all native things— poi, taro, even tho raw fish we eat. You would think
that a girl educated in England would shrink from that at least. My Aunt, the
Queen, was delighted. She said. That's right; you are a good Hawaiian.'
"Now there will be no more good Hawaiians. We must learn to be good
Americans. I am not biiter toward America. Do not say that and do not
think that. Admiral Miller, who comes to raise your flag over vr^e. is one of
my dearest friends. I have many among your people and I will "Say that since
we cannot keep our country we would rather give it to America than to any
other nation of the world. Only— we have a saying here— Pau. It means that
a thing is finished, that there isjno hope for It, that it is dead, that the end has
come It means a great r"eal for such a little word. Well, do you know when
I think of it all, of my country, my flag, my people, my kingdom, that is the
word that I must say to myself— PAU.
"I thought nothing would ever reconcile me to my mother's Geath " she
said slowly. "But I am glad she does not know this. I idolized my mother
«he was charming: very brilliant, very happy and sunny; we wor
sliir>ed each other. And I have missed her every day from the first
dreadful day she died. It was a dreadful day in every way. I was
t-iken to the Palace. I remember when she lay for three weeks in
tate I can see her dead face now laid against the cloak »f feath
ers Everything is black against that white, white room- The
Continued on Page Twenty- Nine.18
Deep Concern Over the Health of the Pope
THE uncertain state of the Pope's
health is well appreciated in
Vatican circles, and every pre
paration has been made to meet
all eventualities consequent up
on his death. While Leo XIII is not
now and never has been particularly
robust, he has always lived with such
a regard for the most exacting laws of
health which govern his own person
that he is said to practically carry his
life i:i his own hands. By this is meant
that if the Poje should lessen his care
ful watch of his own condition the con
sequences w wuld be dangerous. In his
zeal to do more than " '«i strength would
allow he might undermine hie now
feeble constitution, but Pio Centra, his
personal attendant, is always on hand
to prevent this, and consequently Leo
XIII continues to astonish the world
with his great capacity for mental and
physical endurance. In the matter of
food and drink his Holiness has been
abstemious to a degree and the most
exacting principles of hygiene he has
most faithfully observed.
In consequence of his regular mode of
living, therefore, the Pope has insured
for himself a much longer period than
the years usually allotted to the aver
age human being. Those who belong
to the Pope's personal, entourage and
who see him dally do not, it is said,
look for any immediate breakdown of
his physical condition, but they do not
disguise from one another that the
tragic happenings of the present time,
the war between the United States and
Spain, and the political condition of
Italy, and Its bread riots and other so
cial upheavals, may have such an ef
fect on the Pope's health as to bring
about a collapse.
That the Pope himself realizes his
precarious condition is evidenced by
the fact that for some time past he has
been busily engaged putting hi.s house
in order for his successor. Who his
successor in the chair of St. Peter will
be is not possible for human minds to
prophesy. It is said that his Holiness,
had he the power of appointing the
next Pope, would assuredly loave the
triple tiara to Cardinal Rampolla, who
is thoroughly in sympathy with his
policy.
To guide the ecclesiastical ship of
state through the breakers of political
unrest, which seems to be the national
condition wherever the Roman Cath
olic church is the state religion, has
been Cardinal Rampolla's difficult task,
and for his great success he has earned
not only the gratitude of the holy
father but also the admiration of all
parties of his church, and also the
statesmen of the various countries of
the world. Popular though he is, how
ever. Cardinal Rampolla has a formi
dable rival in Cardinal Parocchi, one
of the most important personages in
Vatican circles. Besides being the
Vicar General of the Pope, Cardinal
Parocchi is also subdeacon of the Sa
cred College, secretary of the congre
gation of the universal inquisition,
president .of the congregation of apos
tolic visits and prefect of the congre
gation of residences of bishops. He is
besides highly learned and credited
with exercising more personal sway in
the College of Cardinals than any other
member.
Cardinal Satolli, who is bound to Leo
XIII by many personal considerations,
is also a possibility for the papacy, but
he is too new a member in the College
of Cardinals to have attained that de
gree of influence deemed essential.
It is not the purpose of the Italian
Cardinals, who are largely in the ma
jority, to allow any other than an Ital
ian being elected Pope. It has been
done, of course, but certainly not be
cause they wanted it so. If owing to
strife, policy and unforeseen circum
stances it should be found necessary to
go outside of Italy for the next Pope,
Cardinal Ledochowski, first priest of
the college and prefect of the propa
ganda, would be far in the lead.
It is said that Ledochowski, Ram
polla and Satolli have been named by
Leo XIII as his executors, and that
they are to see that his Holiness is in
terred in the Church of St.. John Late
ran in proximity to the tomb of
Innocent 111. Signor Lucchetti, the
famous Italian sculptor, is to carve the
tomb from marble from a design made
by the Pope himself.
Concerning the war it was the Pope's
most ardent wish that he should be
called upon to arbitrate between the
two countries. It is an open secret that
in order to achieve this much-desired
end he exhausted every means at his
disposal and called Into active play ihe
splendid diplcmatic machinery of the
Vatican, which Cardinal Rampolla, the
papal secretary of state, knows so well
how to manipulate. In order that the
people of this overwhelmingly Protest
ant country should not accuse the
papacy with w : anting to take too much
of an Interest in the temporal affairs
of this nation his Holiness, when he
felt the time had come to make such
representations as could most fittingly
come from him, chose as his mouth
piece, not his own personal delegate
and ecclesiastical embassador to the
church in the United States, Monsignor
Martinelli; not the primus of the Amer
ican hierarchy, Cardinal Gibbons; not
the metropolitan of the chief archdio
cese in the United States, Archbishop
Corrigan, but Archbishop Ireland, who
has the reputation of being intensely
loyal to his country and because he Js
so none the less loyal to the See Of
Rome.
To have addressed the President
through Monsignor Martlnelli on the
momentous question at issue between
this country and Spain would have
been tantamount to asking official rec
ognition for his delegate, and Leo
XIII is too highly trained a diplomat
and his advisers are too keenly accom
plished in the same art to give occasion
for such a faux pas as this. To have
used Cardinal Gibbons for this purpose
would have been equally an error, and
Archbishop Corrlgan's known repu^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
nance at being requested to go outside
the domain of dogma and ecclesiastics
made him an Impossibility. But the
Pope knew his lieutenants well, and h^
knew therefore that in the wise and
courtly Archbishop of St. Paul he had
a mouthpiece who would reach the
President's ear if any one could. As
the constitution of the United States
bars out any connection between church
and state it was necessary that these
negotiations should be carried on in
such a manner so that future genera
tions might no-t say, when the whole
history of the war comes to be writ
ten, that the papacy had unduly med
dled wit i the temporal affairs of a na
tion where the church had enjoyed the
greate *t possible measure of freedom
in lta growth and expansion and im
munity from state interference.
Never did a pontiff so exert all his
energies to bring about a desired end as
did Leo XIII to bring the points at
issue between the United States and
Spain within the boundaries of arbitra
tion. Spain, whose sovereign prefixes
"most Catholic majesty" before his
name, was appealed to by all the love
and fealty of past ages to make some
concessions which would afford a start
ing point from which to commence ne
gotiations which would do away with
the stern arbitrament of war. But
Spain, which maintains diplomatic re
lations with the Vatican, was obstinate
to a degree, and puffed up with the
pride of departed glories— the pride
which always goes before a fall — would
not listen to the voice of the pontifical
apostle of peace, which In the evening
of his life was made to tremble as it
never trembled before. When the aged
Pontiff found that the "vice regent of
Christ, the successor of St. Peter, the
prince of peace," could not stem the
tide which rushed madly on to battle
he cast himself at the foot of the cross
in his own little oratory and humbly
prayed to God that he might be taken
from earth before the declining days
of his pontificate should be deluged
with the mingled blood of Catholic
Spain and free America.
As if this affair between the United
States and Spain was not sufficient to
dim the sun which is setting on Leo's
reign, there must needs thrust Itself
into the arena of mqrnentous and hiß
tory making happenings the awful
problems of starvation of the masses
in his own dear Italy, a problem
fraught with much danger to the holy
See. Bread riots in any European coun
try inevitably give rise to much letting
of blood and shake the very founda
tions of the country, even the throne
itself.
- Leo is reckoned as a sovereign
among sovereigns, and the incumbent
of - the papal throne would not escape
the swirl of popular fury which rightly
or wrongly attributes all its misery and
want to the highest in the land. It has
been claimed that whenever, the papacy
has | exercised g| temporal I jurisdiction,
provision, adequate and far-reaching,
has always been made to guard against
Said to Be Very iluch Exhausted by His Efforts to Bring About Peace in the War— Character of
the Prelates Who Are Has Chief Advisers and the Chances of One of Them Becoming
His Successor In the Chair of St. Peter.
any such incidents in the national life
of the papal states as bread riots. Be
this as it may, the Pope sees with much
apprehension that the discontent which
is beginning to make itself more gener
ally felt in Italy must have some effect
on the papacy, and he trembles to think
what the future may bring forth.
None knows better than Leo that
when the populace is once aroused acts
of hot-headed fanaticism are more com
mon than acts of deliberative reason.
The papacy has more man once been in
danger, and there are many who think
that the time has come, not only in
Italy's history, but also in the worlds
history, when some provision should
be made which will safeguard the besc
interests of the church and its head.
Suggestions have frequently been made
that in tin.c of great danger the Pope
should abandon Rome and seek a ref
uge in some country where his admin
istration of ecclesiastical matters could
be absolutely untrammeled.
It seems almost impossible to think
of Rome without the papacy, and yet it
is morally certain that measures have
been considered looking to the Pope's
removal from Rome in case of certain
events transpiring which would render
his remaining there unsafe to himself
and fraught with evil consequences to
the whole Vatican establishment.
Cardinal Vaughan of England Is
credited with having suggested the
Island of Malta as a safe harbor of
refuge for the Pope. How tru^ this may
be cannot be said, for these are matters
which are considered in camera and not
made public, but if it has any founda
tion in fact the question arises. Was
this suggestion made at the instigation
of the British Government, and is that
Government prepared to surround the
papacy with sufficient safeguards to
guarantee its being unmolested by pos
sible enemies? Everything seems to
point that it was. Roman Catholics are
taking a more prominent part in the
official life of Great Britain than they
have done for many years, and there is
ample evidence to show that for Great
Britain at least the days of bigotry and
intolerance In religious matters are
over.
Then see how the Vatican has fa
vored Great Britain and her colonies in
the matter of representation In the
sacred college of cardinals. Besides
England, Ireland has a cardinal, and so
has Australia and Canada. This is one
of the reasons, then, why It is thought
that should the Pope ask protection for
his own person and the Vatican estab
lishment it would be cheerfully guar
anteed by the British Government.
Another sign of the times, which may,
however, be merely incidental, is the
evident desire of both the Latin and
Anglican churches to come together on
a common platform.
Owing to the present cordiul relations
existing between the Vatican and Em
porer William It has been suggested
that Germany might be prevailed upon
to afford an asylum to the »apacy in
time of need, and it has even been
mentioned that the Emperor might
with becoming grace cede to the Pope
one of the small principalities of his
empire, where his holiness could ad
minister the affairs of Catholic Chris
tendom uninfluenced by either temporal
or other annoying considerations, for
be it known, should the papacy ever
change its base of operations, temporal
jurisdiction over the territory it occu
pies will be demanded. In this and all
other matters pertaining to the church
in Germany Emperor William invar
iably consults the scholarly and diplo
matic Cardinal Kopp. Bishop of Bres
lau, who enjoys the distinction of be
ing not only immensely popular at the
German court, but is also a prime fa
vorite with Leo XIII. Cardinal Kopp
is credited with having said that a very
nice way to settle the ill-feeling be
tween France and Germany would be
for the latter to cede the province of
Alsace-Lorraine to the Pope, and the
two countries conjointly guarantee its
sovereignty.
The throne of Italy is resting on the
edge of a volcano, and the signs point
to dynastic changes and the probable
overthrow of the monarchy. The Vati
can has ample means for keeping well
informed of public sentiment, and has
long anticipated the outcome. How far
the overthrow of the monarchy would
involve the papacy it is not possible to
estimate, but the Pope has taken well
into his consideration every possible
eventuality. If obliged to leave Rome
himself it has been thought that
France might again welcome him on
its soil and afford an abiding place at
Avignon, which has already been the
home of the papacy. But those who
imagine this possible do not take into
their consideration two very important
points. First, France is not now the
intensely Catholic country she once
was, and second, the French nobility,
they of the Faubourg St. Germain,
would not accord an enthusiastic wel
come to Leo XIII. Speaking through
their spiritual representative. Cardinal
Richard, they strenuously opposed the
Pope's recognition of the French re
public, and they have consequently
never forgiven him for according his
moral support to the form of govern
ment so diametrically opposed to the
so-called divine right of kings. France
is not thought of, then, seriously as a
harbor of refuge for the papacy, and
Cardinal Richard is revenged for the
manner in which his advice was passed
over.
Until the present war Spain was the
most likely place for the Pope to look
for a home in the event of Rome be
coming untenable, for by every con
sideration and tradition Spain is the
most ultra Catholic country in the
world to-day. Her sovereigns have
ever been famed for their unswerving
loyalty to the holy see, and the Pope's
advice has frequently been sought and
followed in matters pertaining to the
civil life. The Queen Regent of to
day enjoys the special protection of
Leo XIII, and his Holiness is god
father of the boy King, Alphonso XIII.
But viewed in all its aspects, Spain is
an utterly impossible home for the pa
pacy. The astute Leo would not care
> £4 C» c» im Zi c» It Zt Zi Z* Zi o* c* Zi 54 5« o» c* c 4 c* c# 5* 5* c* C 4 Zf £4 C 4 C 4 5« c 4 £* £■•
5 I— CARDINAL RICHARD, Archbishop of Paris, who openly opposed
'the Pope's recognition of the French republic.
| 2— CARDINAL LEDOCHOWSKI, Cardinal Secretary of the Propa
,ganda.
' 3— CARDINAL KOPP, Bishop of Breslau, consulted by the Emperor
'William on all matters pertaining to the church in the German Empire.
; CARDINAL SATOLLI, the Pope's personal friend, and one of the
.executors of his will.
' S— CARDINAL PAROCCHI. Vicar General of Rome, said to be the
'favorite for the Papal succession in the Sacred College.
! 6— CARDINAL CAPELCELATKO, Librarian of the Vatican, and one
.of the old school.
| 7— CARDINAL ROMPOLLA, Papal Secretary of State, favored by the
>Pope as his successor.
! B— CARDINAL VAUGHAN, Archbishop of Westminster, high in favor
.at the Vatican and invariably consulted on all matters concerning the
| church in British Dominions.
9— CARDINAL AGLIARDI, one of the youngest members of the College
'of Cardinals, and frequently called into consultation by the Pope. A com
jing man. ;T=:'c :
to cast in his lot with a nation which
is tottering upon the very brink of ruin
and which could not afford the neces
sary guarantee of safety and protec
tion.
The only other country in Europe
which may be taken into serious con
sideration is Austria, but for some rea
son not made plain the Pope has not
been encouraged to find a haven there.
Those members of the College of Car
dinals appointed from Austria are in
every sense of the word princes of the
church and enjoy privileges not known
by ecclesiastics in any other country.
Their revenues are enormous; they live
in regal state, surrounded by all the
pomp and circumstance peculiar to
court life, and they make their influ
ence felt in the civil as well as the re
ligious life of the nation. They are in
tense partisans of royalty and sup
porters of all measures deemed neces
sary for safeguarding the prerogatives
of the crown. But, like nearly every
other country Ui Europe, Austria has
her own internal troubles, not the least
difficult of which is the want of a thor
oughly sympathetic union between
Austria and Hungary.
Whether the Pope would be allowed
to leave Rome is another phase of the
question which must not be lost sight
of. As at present constituted the Sa
cred College of Cardinals isj comprised
chiefly of Italians, who firmly believe
that it is not possible for the papacy
to exist anywhere else except in Rome.
There, in the imperial city so rich in
history and tradition, the throne of St.
Peter was established and there it
must remain. The Italian Cardinals
say the existence of the papacy is not
dependent upon the machinations or
acts of men, and they refuse to con
sider any proposition that shall remove
the papacy from the Eternal City. Car
dinal Rampolla, Papal Secretary of
State, is one of these, and so is Cardi
nal Capecelatro, Archbishop of Capua
and librarian of the Roman Catholic
church. These men are representative
of the older body of Cardinals, ultra
conservative in their views and un
swerving in their loyalty to Rome as
the ever-to-be home of the papacy.
Among the younger Cardinals who
hold this same view and one ,vho is an
acknowledged leader among them is
Cardinal Agliardi, who, although hold
ing no office, nevertheless wields a
weighty Influence.
The present state of affairs in Italy
will be watched with a great deal of
interest. If there are to be dynastic
changes, or a complete change of gov
ernment from a monarchy to a repub
lic, it is just possible — and it has al
ready been considered by Vatican
councils — that the price of papal recog
nition for the new government would
be the restoration of the papal states
to the temporal control of the popes of
Rome. It has even been said that Leo
XIII has already expressed himself as
not being opposed to a republican form
of government for Italy, but this, .ike
many other rumors, has not bain veri
fled.
It is interesting to note in the discus
sion of this topic that some years ago
a Jcs-uit priest in Boston, in addressing
an audience, _ prophesied that in le«s
than fifty years the United States
would be the natural home of Catlvl'
cism. He said, in alluding to the num
ber of the church's adherents in Amer
ica, that her growth was so enormous
and phenomenal that nothing sh >rt of
a miiacle could prevent this country
being the most densely populated Ro
man Catholic country on earth. And
then, he said, Puritan Boston would be
Catholic Boston, and the Stales of
Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont,
together with the province of Quebec in
Canada, would comprise the papal
states of the new world
Whatever may the outcome jC Italy's
troubles Rome will always oe Rome,
but whether the Pope will still remain
there to wield the scepter of spiritual
authority is a problem too weighty for
preten* understanding.
Leo XIII will leave a great legacy,
not only of achievements on behalf of
humanity and his church, but alsp a
wealth of literary gems which have
never been published. It is known that
his Holiness is the author of many
pieces of the most classical Lann, and
scholars will read with grea.: avidity
the pontiff's literary work. If his end
is not far off the world, Irrespective of
creed, will pray that it may be peace
ful, for certainly he has left ih-3 world
better for having lived in it.MOST DEADLY ENEMY OF OUR SOLDIERS IN C UBA YELLOW FEVER.
THE DANGERS OF f!N EPIDEMIC THAT SHOULD SWEEP OUT OF EXISTENCE MOST OF THE AMERICAN FORCES QUARTERED AT SANTIAGO BECAME SO STRONG THAT THE OFFICERS GOT UP (\ ROUND ROBIN PETITIONING GENERAL
SHAfTER TO APPLY TO THE WAR DEPARTMENT TO REMOVE THE ARMY WHERE IT" COULD RECUPERATE ITS STRENGTH- INSIDE OF FOUR WEEKS NEARLY 5000 SOLDIERS WERE PROSTRATED WITH FEVER, AND
THE ATTACK OF THE PESTILENCE THREATENED TO WIPE OUT THE ARMY. ALL THIS OCCURRED, TOO, WHILE A WELL-EQUIPPED CORPS OF PHYSICIANS AND NURSES WERE STRUGGLING THEIR VERY BEST TO
CHECK AND OVERCOME THE FEVER.
ROUND ROBIN PETITION SENT THE WAR DEPARTMENT,
"We, the undersigned officers commanding the various brigades,
divisions, etc., of the army of occupation in Cuba, are of the unani
mous opinion that this -rmy should be at once taken out of the isl
and of Cuba and sent to some point on the rorthern seacoast of the
Un-ted States; that it can be out of danger to the p3opl» of the
United States; that yellow ftver in the army at present is not epi
demic; that there are only a few sporadic cases; that the army is
•disabled by malarial fever to the extent that its efficiency is de
stroyed, and that it is in condition to be practically destroyed by
an epidemic of yellow fever, which is sure to come.
Signed in round robin by the division and brigade commanders of
the stricken army. Santiago de Cuba, Aug. 4, 1898.
OUR troops have triumphantly
overcome the Spaniards in and
around Santiago with compara
tively little loss of numbers, but
now they are confronted with a
new foe, a more deadly foe, that
threatens to annihilate the ranks un
less something is done immediately to
rescue them.
The new foe is yellow fever.
So dangerous is a battle with it con
nat the Government is mak
ing herculean efforts to retreat before
the pest, but already over one-fourth
the field forces about Santiago is in the
clutches of the allied fevers. To add
to their terrors the rainy season has
already set in. When it was proposed
to ;— nd our army into Cuba to reduce
trongholds of the enemy many se
rious problems confronted the War De
partment and the Strategy Board. Lit
:t'le or no doubt was felt for the ulti
mate success of our own men in driv
ing the Spanish out and causing them
t surrender and abandon a hopeless
struggle. The topography of the coun
try was well known to our command
ing officers^ The one thing that baffled
the department was to cope with and
subdue the hidden enemy. For some
time no signs of the fever were found,
but with the rain and the poor location
of the troops this most dreaded disease
one of the most prevalent in the West
Indies, made its appearance and started
in on its errand of destruction with
telling force. Every day since its ad
vent the troops have succumbed to its
effects. Among those who have taken
th- disease and passed over the great
divide- tire some of the heroes who
fought before Santiago and helped
the stars and stripes on Spanish
DOSI eS! i'IHS.
Whf-n the troops were sent South
every precaution was taken to keep
them in as perfect physical condition
..as possible, and when they were landed
in Cuba a finer and more healthy body
Qf-men would be hard to find any
where. Besides being fitted with
•very thing necessary to carry on a
successful campaign the department in
charge of the surgeons and nursc-s was
stocked with medical stores and ap
paratus to fight sickness, and espe
cially yellow fev< r.
Yellow fever ia not in reality a more
, destructive disease, even in places
Where it is apt to prevail, than some
others which are more familiar. It is
more mggestive of the idea of pesti
lence than almost any existent disease,
• and the very name Btrikes terror. It
is not necessarily fatal. The disease !
is not alone known to Cuba and the lt< t
countries south of the t'nited States.
Our own Southern cities have been rav
aged by it. The percentage of loss cf
life, too, until reoent years in the South
was very large.
When the disease was at its height in
NeVv Orleans and Jacksonville a scor«
of year% ago, some of the most noted
physicians throughout the world vi&tt
ed • the plague-stricken cities and
studied it carefully. Tho cause and ef
fect with new modes of treatment were
Boon discovered, \\ith the result that it
was decided the "black frost" was not
the only thing that would successfully
kill- the germs. S'nce then new methods
have been devised for keeping the pest
within limited bounds, and drugs and
other means have bet-n discovered to
successfully cope with the disease unMl
now the scientists feel that they have
j mastered the plague and can readily
mitigate its deadly powers.
When the army started for Cuba
large quantities of the anti-yellow fever
serum, as one of the most powerful
medicines is called, were manufactured
] and sent to the front, together with
1 many improved appliances for fumiga
j tion. Besides the drugs several of the
best- known physicians who have made
: a study of the dreaded disease went
with the troops, taking with them a
corps of well trained nurp-s.
The disease has been mainly confined
to the troops in front of Santiago and
in the valleys leading to that city. The
other troops will be kept apart from
those in whom the fever has been dls-
I covered, and with the advances made
I in medical science and the skill if the
i trained nurses it is believed the disease
j can be kept within a limited space and
soon stamped out.
The medical corps has already re
moved the stricken men from the camp
pr"i"-r and placed them in the ■shade
j in the dry and cool lands on the hi'ls.
j Here they are kept in strict quaran
j tine. A close inspection of the troops
is made ai short intervals, and ttiose
of the men suspected of infection are
also removed to the quarantine station.
Upon the hills and back from the
camps are placed two rows of little
white tents, above which fly not only
the flag of the nation, but the little
yellow emblem of quarantine and t'-.e
banner of the Red Cross Society, :< r
j they, too, are helping to stamp out 'he
disease.
After the bugler has sounded the si^k
call through the camp in the morning
and an inspection of the troops has
been made by the medical officers, it
is no uncommon sight to see a number
of brawny troopers, tanned by the
tropical sun and just-stained from
camp life, being carried from the camp
on litters by strong-armed men from
the army nurse corps to the little white
tented city on the hilltop. This is but
one of the familiar sights to be met
with on the road to and from camp.
Since the West Indies were discov
ered yellow fever has been known. The
men who came with Columbus were
stricken with an "unknown plague"
and died on the islands, as did many
of the followers of other Spanish ex
plorers and conquerors who in after
years visited the place. At intervals
during the past four < enturies this
plague has been master of the situa
tion in Southern countries, numbering
among its victims many thousands.
Methods to destroy it were tried with
out success until recent years, when
scientists studied it and found the
serum that has been so successful in
stamping out tho disease in our own
country, so that an epidemic in a city
of the United States is no longer re
garded as possible. This, however, is
due, in a great measure, to the im
proved sanitary conditions of the cities
and towns where at different periods
the fever ra^ed.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
The following dispatches from Santiago will give an idea of the
terrific strides of fever among the troops even when the best of
army preparations are made to meet it. The dates cover a period of
two weeks and in that period the cases of fever-stricken soldiers in
one camp jumped from 200 to over 4000.
WASHINGTON, July 31.— Following are the reports posted by
the War Department on the cases of fever in camp at Santiago de
Cuba:
July 14 — Yellow fever appears among troops at Santiago.
July 25 — Four hundred cases.
July 26 — One thousand cases.
July 27 — Two thousand one hundred and thirty-eight cases.
July 28 — Three thousand seven hundred and seventy cases.
July 31 — Four thousand two hundred and seventy-four cases. 1
FIRST OID TO THE FEVER-STRICKEN SOLDIERS, MANY OF WHOM SUCCUMBED WHILE ATTENDING TO CAMP DUTIES.
The last of the yellow fever epidem
ics to visit the United States was that
at New Orleans during the latter part
of last year. It not only appeared in
; the Queen City of the gulf but found
its way up the Mississippi River and
along the Ohio, where several cases
were found in the smaller towns '<n
their bank?. St. Louis was also Blight
PRIZE MONEY IN OUR NAVY.
THERE are many inducements for
young Americans to enter the na
val service. The advantages, op
portunities and comforts, owing to
modern improvements and chang
ed conditions, make the life of officers
and seamen in these days much more in
viting than when I entered the navy,
forty-seven years ago. The man-of
war's man, as a rule, sees nearly all the
principal seaports of the world. He
soon acquires an experience of great
practical value, and especially so
should he at any time withdraw from
the navy to engage in some commercial
or professional pursuit. While the pay
is fair at all times, there comes in time
of war a remuneration in the way of
prize money and bounties that in many
cases gives a man a comfortable nest
egg, and Occasionally a small fortune.
The commanding officer of a fleet or
squadron gets one-twentieth part of all
prize money awarded to any vessel un
der his command. The commanding
officer of a division of a fleet or squad
ron on duty under the orders of the
commander in chief of each fleet or
squadron receives a sum equal to one
fifteenth of any prize money awarded
to any vessel of his division for a cap
ture made while under his command,
his part being deducted from the
moiety due the United States, if there
is such moiety, otherwise it is taken
from the amount awarded to the cap
tors; but such part shall not be in ad
dition to any share which may be due
to the commander of the division, and
which he may elect to receive as com
mander of a single ship making or as
sisting in the capture. The fleet cap
tain is given a hundredth part of all
ly infected, and matters were begin- I
ning to take a serious turn, but medi
cal men stamped out the disease before
it- got a strong foothold in the towns
along the rivers. New Orleans suffered
most. The new cases reported each day
were increasing, and the de3th list |
gradually rolled up until over 100 per- \
sons had succumbed to tne fever. It I
BY REAR ADMIRAL MILLER.
prize money due any vessel of the fleet
or squadron in which he is serving.
In case, however, the capture has
been made by the vessel # on board of
which he is on duty at the'time of cap
ture he shares in proportion to his pay
with the officers and men on his ship.
The commander of a single vessel gets
one-tenth of the prize money awarded
to that vessel jf it is under the com
mand of the commanding officer of a
fleet or squadron, but if it is going: in
dependently of such superior officer he
is entitled to three-twentieths. After
these deductions are made the balance
Is distributed among all other men car
ried on the books of the ship and doing
duty, including the fleet captain, in pro
portion to their respective rates of pay.
The bounties sometimes amount to a
considerable sum. A bounty Is paid to
our men for each person on board of
any war vessel belonging to an enemy
at the comnfencement of an engage
ment which is sunk or otherwise de
stroyed in that engagement by any ves
sel of the United States, or which it
may be necessary to destroy in conse
quence of injuries sustained in action.
If the enemy's vessel was of inferior
force the bounty is $100 per man of the
enemy, and $200 if it was of equal or
superior force. This money is divided
amon? the officers and crew in the
same manner as prize money.
Again, a bounty is paid to the cap
tors of any vessel of war. and which
is destroyed, under instructions, for the
public interest, but not in consequence
of injuries received in action. This
bounty is $50 for every person on board
the enemy's vessel at the time of cap
ture.- The amounts due from prize
money and bounties are judicially de
termined.
The eleven Spanish ships destroyed
at Manila carried about 2000 men. The
bounty, therefore, will amount to about
$200,000, of which Admiral Dewey gets
was during this time that the new
anti-yellow fever serum, discovered by
Dr. Guiscope Sanarelli, an Italian
scientist of some note, was experi
mented with, and what might have
been a plague greater than that of 1878
at New Orleans and some few years
later at Jacksonville was averted with
a loss of comparatively few liv^s.
one-twentieth, or $10,000, and the bal
ance goes to the other officers and men
of the fleet, according to the rules of
division, aa I have just stated them.
The statement has been made that
Dewey would receive about $150,000.
That is a mistake, as you can readily
see.
The seven Spanish ships that Samp
son's fleet destroyed at Santiago car
ried 2462 men, for whom a bounty of
$246,000 will be pajd. Admiral Samp
son's share will be $13,210, leaving $23:\
790 for 1 distribution among all the
others of the fleet. Sampson's fleet
has captured twenty-one merchantmen,
and he is entitled to one-twentieth of
the prize money, resulting therefrom.
It will be quite a large sum.
It is not likely, however, that the
war with Spain will continue long
enough for us to capture as many
prizes as we took during the War of
the Rebellion. But with the conclu
sion of the Spanish war, or perhaps be
fore it is concluded, other complications
may arise to engage our navy against
foreign foes who have a large and val
uable ocean commerce.
Some people who have not informed
themselves upon the subject believe
that the Confederate cruisers captured
more prizes than the North did.. This
is a mistaken idea, owing, no doubt, to
the extensive depredations of the
Florida, which destroyed many mer
chant vessels, the value of which
amounted, with their cargoes, to sev
eral million dollars, and to the havoc
caused by the Alabama, which took
sixty-five vessels and property valued
at $6,000,000. There were other cruis
ers — the Shenandoah, the Sumter, the
Nashv !le, the Retribution, the Talla
hassee, the Chickamauga — all of which
did much damage to our merchant ma
rine. All of these ciuisers were more
or less assisted and protected by Eng
land, and the consequence was that
the claims for damages against that
country were all bunched under the ti
tle of the Alabama Claims, and, as
everybody knows, England settled the
bill by paying $15,500,000.
The crews of the Confederate cruis
ers, although inflicting great damage
upon our commerce, received but little
personal reward for their work, as they
had no ports in which to land their
prizes, and consequently they burned
the merchant ships, appropriating from
the cargoes only such supplies as they
needed and could conveniently carry.
The Union navy, however, reaped a
rich harvest off the foreign blockade
runners, owing to the fact that the
cargoes, especially those outward
bound, consisted largely of cotton, and
very valuable, as there was a great
demand in England for that staple.
During the war there were 1129 prizes
brought in by our navy. Two hundred
and ten of these prizes were fast
steamers, nearly all carrying valuable
cargoes. There were also 355 vessels
burrted, sunk or driven on shore, or
otherwise destroyed. The value of all
the prize vessels and their cargoes was
$30,000,000. They were condemned in
amounts aggregating $28,000,000.
Among the richest prizes, as shown
by the records, were the steamers At
lanta, valued at $350.529; Alice Vivian,
$237,300; Annie, $558961; Cronstadt,
$301,940; Circassian, $352,313; Elsie, $216,
619; Emma Henry, $24! V,569: Greyhound,
$497,857; Hope. $271,192; James Battle,
$240,805; Minnie, $^0i.943: Matagorda,
V.s 1.'.:y,7;1 .' .:y,7; Princess Royal. $360. 352; Swan,
$218,475; Stettin, $226,593; Tristam
Shandy. $418,873; Victory, $306,421;
Wanda, $415,000; Young Republic. $422,
341; A. D. Vance, $285.256; Britannia,
$173,670; Columbia, $151523; Lucy, S2SS.
948: Memphis, $543,495; Kate Dale, $370.
70S; Lodina. $246,651; Lady Stirling,
$509,354. The smallest prize was SI 11,
paid to a fleet of twelve vessels at Key
West. So you see the range in prizes
was from $1 11 to over half a million
dollars.
The Santiago de Cuba, a side-wheel
steamer, was the great prize-taker. Un
assisted by any other vessel she cap
tured thirteen prizes, aggregating in
value $1,404,847, one-half of which was
awarded to her. No other vessel any
where near approached this record.
The largest single share of prize
money fell to the lot of Lieutenant
Eudd, a volunteer officer in command
of the steamer Magnolia. While on his
way from New York to join Farragut's
squadron in the Gulf of Mexico he
scooped in the steamer Memphis, out
ward bound from one of the Southern
ports, laden with cotton. Strange to
say. the Memphis had been sighted by
another American war vessel, whose
commander failed to take her in. Had
he been aware of the fact that she was
the richest prize of the war, he no
doubt would have lost no time in over
hauling her. The expense of adjudica
tion amounted to 532. 551, leaving a net
result of $510,914.
The Magnolia also captured, without
assistance, the steamer Matagorda, the
net proceeds from which amounted to
$353,508. The net total of the two prizes
was $864,482.
The law of prizes provides that when
the prize vessel is of superior or equal
force to the vessel making the capture,
the entire proceeds shall be given to
the captors; but If the captured vessel
b*» of interior force, then the captors
shall receive one-half, the Government
taking the other half.
In the case of privateers and letters
of marque, however, the captors receive
the whole prize, unless otherwise pro
vided in the commission issued to the
vessel. Under the law, the Magnolia
was awarded one-half the prize money,
amounting to $432,241, which was ready
for distribution in November, 1563.
Lieutenant Budd's share from the
Memphis was $38,318, and from the
Matagorda, $26,517, making a total of
$64,&35.
Lieutenant Budd was a happy-go
lucky devil. Ho was brought up in the
merchant service, was every inch a
fighter and a strict disciplinarian.
While in command of a small vessel he
was ordered to Newport harbor for a
time to protect it against the raids of
some of the lighter Confederate cruis
ers that were operating along the
North Atlantic coast. One evening,
while visiting on board one of the
yachts in the harbor, he got Into some
discussion, in the course of which
uncomplimentary remarks were made
about the navy. Budd resented the re
l!t( tions oast upon the naval service,
and finally got into a fight with some
of the guests. He was badly beaten by
an overwhelming force, and was put
ashore in a boat. As the boat pulied
away from the yacht he yelled out that
he would settle with them later.
The next evening Budd armed him
self with a revolver, and with a.n armed
boat's crew went gunning for the
yachtsmen. Leading his force into the
Ocean House he created the wildest
commotion. The yachtsmen, having
been warned by a servant, hurriedly
retreated. Budd, however, marched
through the halls with his men. The
women screamed and fled either to
their rooms or out of the building. Fi
nally he ran afoul of Commodore Jef
fers, his superior officer, who ordered
him to return to his ship.
This incident occurred after the cap
ture of the two prizes by the Magnolia..
The last time I saw Budd. some years
ago, he. was living in New York and
was holding some public office.
1920
THERE is a certain sorcery about the narration
of significant dreams, premonitions, or what
you will, that conjures the attention of the in
telligent mmd — intelligent mark you — for since
>nee with mortar and pestle has ground this
mysterious phenomenon into the g^od round
word psychology, the world no longer scoffs.
The philosophic mind seeks rather to solve than to
deny, and the very phrase — the inexplicable things of
life, creates a spell sufficient to engage the listener.
Personal reminiscences have an interest peculiar
to themselves, and when these experiences are related
by our representative men — the interest grows apace.
In the year IbOT I was stationed in the south
western part of New Mexico with my wife (a bride),
who shared with me the
GENERAL MERRIAM,
U. S. A.
cient courage to again try the lonely wagon road of
one thousand miles to the nearest railroad station,
which was in Kansas. I wrote home to my parents in
Maine of our intended visit, and started with my wife
and child upon this long-anticipated trip. Now the
strangest part of this tale is this— when my folks re
cejved niy letter apprising them of our intended visit,
there was great rejoicing in the old homestead, and
every one, with the exception of father, was counting
upon the exact day of our arrival. He suddenly seem
ed to feel the conviction that something was going to
happen, and that they were rejoicing too soon; and
whenever he would hear any one of the family telling
a neighbor of our coining he would immediately say,
"They have only started, they'r not here yet." The
effect upon the others was most depressing for as the
days wore on, he became more gloomy, and this fear
ful foreboding seemed to take possession of him.
We had not proceeded five hundred miles on our
way when we encountered a terrific cloudburst, and
I lost my wife and child. Every member of our party,
with the exception of one man and myself, was
drowned.
That home gathering was sad indeed to me — and
after that my father's premonitions always carried
conviction in "our household.
As to my own presentiments, I have had many and
<»ome have been fulfilled, but the strangest one that I
recollect was on the evening of the great battle of
Antietem I had witnessed the awful slaughter of that
• day's battle, and the effect of the carnage gave me
the conviction that I was going to die the next day.
It was certainly one of the gloomiest nights of my
life and several times I was on the verge of telling a
friend what to do with my effects if I should be killed.
I lay awake most of the night thinking about it, and
FROM A BRILLIANT SOCIAL LIFE TO THE MADHOUSE.
EASTON, Pa., Aug. 2.— Lady
Yarde-Buller is at the Franklin
House in this city.
The story she tells of her coming
to Easton is that she went to the
Pennsylvania Railroad station in
Jersey City last Friday night, where
she was to meet her guardian and
other friends, and take a Lehigh
Valley train for the West. Their
destination was California, which
was her former home. Through
some misunderstanding, probably
on account of illness on her part,
she did not see them; they had her
money and tickets, and. thinking
they were on the train, she got
aboard. The conductor brought her
as far as Easton, where she is now
stranded. She is penniless, but the
proprietor of the hotel agreed to
give her accommodations until she
might communicate with her
friends.
On the hotel register she signed
her name as "The Hon. Leilah
• ' Kirkham Yarde-Buller" in a large,
bold hand. She has spent nearly all
her time in her room, where her
meals are served. "With the few peo
ple who met her she created the im-
the next day there was not even a battle fought.
• • •
Throughout my life I have had the most weird ex
periences, but none, I fear, of sufficient Interest to re-
not like to have made public. I think I must have in
herited this peculiar temperament from my mother,
wh<> had the faculty of divining future events through
visions. Her earliest and most vivid experience of this
nature occurred when she was about seventeen years
of age. She was living with her parents at this time
on a farm in the famous Mohawk Valley, New York.
On this particular evening, my grandmother was en
tertaining some neighbors and sent my mother down
cellar to bring up some apples. While bending over
the bin, to put the last apple into the well-filled bas
ket, she suddenly saw a vision of her mother's bed
room. Her mother lay dying upon the bed, and the
friends whom she had just left upstairs were stand
ing at the bedside. She dropped the apples in terror
and climbed the stairs to find her mother merrily en
tertaining her company. In less than five minutes,
however, the very vision which she had seen in the
cellar was enacted; fqr her mother was suddenly
stricken and carried dying to her bed and the party
crowded about her bedside just as mother had wit
nessed in the darkened recesses of the apple-bin.
hardships attending the
overland journey. We had
lived there nearly three
years before we had suffi-
I suppose every family has a prophet, a seer or a
dreamer, and in ours, I think Miss Antoinette, daugh-
Civil War in 1862, while living at her home at Mount
Pleasant, she had a vision which resulted in an affair
of historical importance. She was always noted for
her magnificent horsewomanship, and on no occasion
was this daring of greater service to her than the
one of which I now relate.
One night in 18fi2 she was awakened from a very
vivid dream — so vivid, in fact, that after rubbing her
eyes, she still saw a vision of a Federal line of soldiers
marching over familiar ground. She was filled with
terror and knew that not a moment was to be lost.
She aroused the family, and ordered her s%viftest horse,
and by daybreak was on her way to warn the Con
federate soldiers under General Forrest, nearly eight
miles away. She had scarcely traveled four miles
down the pike, before the Federal, bullets whizzed by
her through the air, and she was doubly assured that
Eccentric career of a daughter of Genera/ Kirkham.
pression that she is an ecentric
character.
THIS is the story of "Lady"
Yarde-Buller. A strange tale of
the daughter of the late Gen
eral R. W. Kirkham, at one time
commandant of the Presidio.
A career that begins as the pet
ted daughter of wealth and fashion
and ends with escape from a foreign
madhouse. In a strange Eastern city,
separated from her friends, she is now
awaiting funds to enable her to jour
ney westward.
In her younger days the teas, the
frolics and merry-makings of the
young girls of her "set" palled on Lei
lah Kirkham. True, she ruled them
with a rod of iron, molded not only by
the prestige her father's position in the
army gave her, but by her own self-as
sertive desire to lead, by her brilliancy
and her beauty. They followed her, not
because they loved her, but because of
some strange influence by which she
compelled.
"She is not like other girls," they
said, and if Leilah heard it she never
betrayed by the quiver of an eyeiash
that she reveled in the fact that sh»
was not made on the worn-out plan by
which Nature repeats us. When ihe
late, as these premonitions
were revealed to me in
dreams, and of a charac
ter that my friends whom
my dreams concern would
LIEUTENANT COLONEL
STACPOLE,
New York VoluMee-t.
ter of Colonel Andrew
Polk, now Countess Char
ette, was the most noted
in this peculiar line.
At one time during the
JEUTENANT POLK,
Graid Nephew
of Pretident Polk.
fashionable boarding school which had
tried to mold her according: to its p's
and q's, and had signally failed, grew
unendurable, Leilah asked to be sent to
Paris to "finish off." Her father had
accumulated great wealth, and there
was always money with which to ac
complish her fads and foibles. To Paris
she went. To this day the pious nuns
in the convent cross themselves when
her pranks are mentioned. A merry
dance she led them, and it was witli a
sigh of relief that they returned her to
her father to take home. For a while
she was content to dazzle San Fran
cisco society with her charms. She was
beautiful, with all the subtlety of a na
ture that knew no confines and a t?r.i
perament that must need run the wholo
gamut of emotions: of a legal height,
five feet ten, hair like burnished gold
and eyes now blue, now green, reflect
ing the light of the ever-shifting ocohii
upon which they first opened.
When she began to beat her wings
against the few fetters of convention
ality that still bound her, they took
her to Japan. There she met the
young Englishman, Majorlbanks, who
afterward became Lord Tweedmouth.
She always had a partiality for Eng
lishmen. It was in the spring and the
"young man's fancy lightly turned to
thoughts of love." She did not object
but the family did. Their objections
mattered little to her. Both were in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
the hidden lore; but I can relate nun «~~ —
cau«e my friends would vigorously protest.
I think the tranquillity of a nauneal life tend .to
conjure up "spells" Of the supernatural. At any rate,
some of my experiences have been prophetic.
I have often wished that I might be a woman for
a brief time,
DR. DAVID
STARR JORDAN,
President Stanford University.
tfpv aTp tho result of anything except invention and
Jclf l.yim, s.l I am not a believer in the supernatuial
law; but rather that
All nature is but art unknown to thee.
\ll chance— direction, which thou cans t not see.
• ♦ •
The mo«t peculiar case that ever came under my
notice was at the old penitentiary at Nashville. Ten
u — — nessee. I was police re-
LIEUTENANT PiLCHER,
Tennessee Volunteers.
September 15th. I went out late in the afternoon and
as I pT«ed the woman's wing the guard who watched
fhV entrance called me, and in a shamefaced way told
mJ that a h e C had an Iteni for me. It was noth.ng more
noi less than a ghost story. Here it is.
In 1885 two of the prisoners-negro women-Quar
reled one evening, and Lucinda Garner, one of the
participants, literally cut the other woman to pieces
wttn a case knife In the center of the prison-yard is
X cistern covered with a wooden platform, upon which
fh- murder was committed. This took place at dusk
a, Has ralning-a rare occurrence in September in
Middle Tennessee.
The murderess was given a life sentence. Ever
since then, when the night of the anniversary is a
ra"ny one, the murder is gone through w ith by ghosts,
and the apparition of the dead woman visits the mur-
Sress, and every woman confined in the prison ac -
n its the spiritual manifestation. Three of the guards
On whom I have the greatest confidence) swore they
witnessed the ghostly reproduction which they de
scribed as looking like a scrap between "shadders."
The guard, after telling me what he saw, took me
to the cell-rooms and all of the women were more or
STORIES OF THE SUPERNATURAL.
BY
REAR ADMIRAL
MILLER U.S.N.
GEN MERRIAM U.S.A.
her revelation was not a urea.ni. p» ;£•£" *u a W.™ -
when complimented for her bravery, I knew the paw
er that revealed this danger to me would give me pro-
Ct She reached the Confederate line in safety, and the
result was that the Southern soldiers through her
timely warning, offered so strong a resistance that the
Federals were repulsed with a heavy loss.
*•"-• • * • .:■'•■ ;:":- ,
I have often had presentiments of things of so lit
tle importance that they would be of no interest, ex-
concerned; but I do re
member an incident dur
ing the Modoc War that
I can never forget. It was
GENERAL MILLER,
v. s. a.
simply a presentiment of death by Lieutenant Wright
of the Twelfth Infantry of Camp Gaston, California.
On the day of which I speak we had captured an In
dian chief, with a squaw and papoose, and had them
placed in a tent surrounded by four guards and a sen
try fire.
Along toward evening Lieutenant Wright came to
me and said, "I wish you would let me take that In
dian out to the tree over there and shoot him. I have
a strong conviction that he will either kill me or be
the cause of my death." Of course, I refused and
laughed at his foolish fears; but this in no way re
stored Wright to his usual happy frame of mind. And
he went to sleep that night with very grave fears.
About twelve o'clock, we were awakened by the
report of guns, and upon investigation I found that
the Indian had escaped and made his way down into
the lava beds. The next day I sent out a reconnoiter
ing expedition and Lieutenant Wright was with the
party. It was a most disastrous failure, for many of
my brave men were killed, and among them was Lieu
tenant Wright. Whether the Indian chief killed him
or not, I do not know; but that he aided in the attack
there is no doubt, as he was identified by some of the
men who escaped.
* • •
I have no ghost stories of my own to relate, but I
recall a very queer experience of Colonel Allison, a
— ! — ■ — — — ■ ' — r particular friend of mine.
Immediately after
graduatirig from West
Point, Colonel Allison
(then lieutenant) entered
MAJOR LANGFITT,
Third Batiilion
E-gineer Corpt.
the army and was transferred to an isolated post in
Western Nebraska.. ' '-•-
One evening just at dark, upon returning home
from a scouting expedition, he was surprised to see a
lady on horseback about two hundred yards ahead of
him for he had been told that there was no woman
within 500 miles of the camp. She wore one of those
long, old-fashioned riding-skirta that fluttered in the
wind as her horse galloped along. Never dreaming of
apparitions, he followed in vain this fleeing figure un
til horse and rider disappeared over the brow of the
hill When he returned to headquarters, he told his
comrades of his adventure and inquired where she
lived at which they all laughed and bantered him with
Jokes about seeing ghosts, for weeks afterward.
J Twenty years later Colonel Allison again passed
through that section of the country, but this time, he
was on the train, and in a most extraordinary manner
heard a confirmation of his singular vision of >ears
ago. Two men were occupying a seat just in front of
him when suddenly one spoke up excitedly. By Jove,
If weTre not in the vicinity haunted by the lady on
horseback Of course. AlUson became Interested and
listened attentively to the following story: ,
Many years ago, a trapper with two lovely daugh
ters lived in this region, and one day while out riding,
one of them disappeared and never, since then had been
se*n except in a supernatural way. The father was
K'acfed and having given up all. hope of ever find
fne her he took the other daughter and left the com
munity' No one knew where he went, but the missing
dkuehters ghost bobs up serenely at interva s, and is
V, hi- different people. Just what her mission is, no
able to tell, for her spirited
Bt^LemfjSustf burden and do« not tarry.
t think I have had all the manifestations that the
REAR ■• death dreams, visions, in
.nuißAi Mil LER fact, I have run the whole
-ADMIRAL MiLLtK, gamu t of experiences usu
• v. SN. gjjy known to the adept of
■ — r-- _ ~ — — ~ cm t "ZZZ, rointa nnnp of ■ these be-
unconscious reasoning
power sometimes is mor?
productive to full reason
ing than the waking
porter at this time and
took in the prison on my
rounds. The date, if I
remember correctly, was
the heyday of youth and parental nays
seemed slight obsaoles. They eloped
and were stopped by General Kirkham
just in time. Leilah was taken to Eng
land and young Majoribanks left to
nurse his blighted affections as best he
could with the sweet balm of weak tea
served by the nicesit little Geishas in
Japan. •
Leilah Kirkham kept a link that
bound her future to this last scene in
her girlhood's past. Through all the
strange vicissitudes of her strange
career she carried with her a bracelet
of curious Oriental design, the first and
last gift of Lord Tweedmouth.
When she met and married David
Boyle Blair it seemed that at last her
life lines were to be cast in peaceful
waters. With her husband she came
to Oakland and lived in the Kirkham
mansion on the banks of Lake Merritt.
Two children were born, both boys.
Then her husband was sent to South
Africa. Gossip said he was glad to go.
Rumors of a stormy married life, an
ungovernable temper, and defiance of
conventionalities floated about.
Then came the news that David Boyle
Blair was no more. He had been killed
in a fight with the natives.
Next she married a Scotchman,
Yarde-Buller. twice her age, and with
her two children had come back to live
Continued on Page Twenty-six.
7t>TARR_JORDAN
MILLER.y.^A
SEN.GEO.C.PERKINC
less hysterical with fright, though several hours had
elapsed since the alleged visitation. The murderess
was prostrated with fear, and hopes every year that
the 15th of September will not be a rainy one, for
then she will not be bothered by her unwelcome visitor.
Since then a change of Governors has changed the
guards, and the new guards tell identically the sann
story.
When I was a little boy I remember distinctly how
I used to thrill with an uncanny pleasure at the sug
gestion of a ghost story.
We lived on a farm in
Pennsylvania, near the
Maryland line, and the
negroes, being supersti
tious, used to delight in telling stories of the "hants"
as they called them. We had one old negro woman
among them, whom we called "Aunt Phyllis." She had
been In the family for years and years. No one knew
her age, though all knew her to be over one hundred
years old. Even the negroes used to say, "Poor old
Aunt Phyllis, the good Lord done forgot to recollect to
take her home." Finally she died, and thereby hangs
my mysterious story.
My father had cultivated a habit of getting up ear
ly in the morning to build the fires, and would sit in
the kitchen until the negroes came in to prepare break
fast.
One morning having gone through the usual rou
tine, he lay down upon a bench in the kitchen and was
just settled comfortably when the door opened and
old Aunt Phyllis walked in, looked at him, walked over
to some little cupboards in the wall, opened the doors
and after carefully scrutinizing the dishes, she went
over to the stove, rattled the coals down with the
poker, took the pipe out of her pocket, lit it with a
taper and coolly began to smoke. After a little while,
she emptied her pipe and quietly passed out at the
same door she had entered. My father never could ac
count for this strange phenomenon and declared posi
tively that he was not asleep, although the family al
ways tried to make him believe that this visitation
was but a dream.
JUDGE McFARLAND,
Supreme Court
I remember but two dreams that have startled me
by subsequent reality. One of them was on this wise:
When I was a sturdy lad.
E. L. HUTCHINSON,
Populist Nomine*
foi Liout9n«'t Governof.
climate or something of that nature. In my dream I
was wandering by the banks of a beautiful river, near
one of the pleasantest villages of the prairies. On
the top of a knoll, nea the river bank was a cozy
home, where the grassy slope that served for a front
yard was covered with many cherry trees fuil of ripe
and luscious fruit. On the topmost rail of an old fence
stood a little brown-eyed girl whom I had known in
early childhood. She cried out in high glee when she
saw me, and welcomed me as well as her mouth filled
with cherries would permit. I ran to meet her, but as
soon as I touched her hand my dream and my sleep
were ended.
A few years later I found myself rambling about
in the self-same village of my dream. I went down by
the river and along the country road, where lay the
knoll with the cozy cottage. The cherries were ripe,
and the brown-eyed lass was sitting on the topmost
rail of the fence devouring the red ripe cherries. She
greeted me cordially, then turned to the young man
on the other side of the fence and said trippingly, oh,
so trippingly, "Charlie, I believe you have never met
Mr. Hutchinson. Mr. Hutchinson, this is my hus
band." And this was no dream.
I have never paid much attention to dreams, pro
phecies and things of that sort, but I cannot deny that
there is something in
them, for my father had
a very peculiar dream at
one time, which for occur
rence and fact were de
monstrated with remarkable accuracy. We were liv
ing in Oregon at this time and my grandmother was
living at the old home in Kentucky.
One night my father dreamed that he saw his
mother riding on a wagon behind some dapple gray
horses along a road familiar to him, when suddenly
the horses became frightened, ran away and threw her
out on the roadside against some rocks, where she lay
unconscious and to all appearances dead. The next
morning he told us of his dream and marked the date
down upon the wall, feeling certain that his dream was
a reality. This happened thirty years ago. and when
the mail service was slow; but in four weeks' time he
received a letter from his home, apprising him of the
death of his mother in th-> • me manner which his
WILLIAM F. HERRIN,
Attorney-at-L«w.
LADY MARY LEILAH KIRKHAM YARDE-BULLER.
From a Photograph.
During the last few years Lady Tarde-Buller's career and eccentricities have furnished columns of sen
sational material for the dally papers. The eccentricities have increased ever since she was found wander
ing in the Oakland marshes and taken before the Police Court, Since then Bhe has been detained in a French
asylum, and is now on her way home.
I.PHUNTINGTON.
/ JUDGE .riSF ARI-ANO.
ATTY. Wg.F.HEF RIN
All of my life I have had queer impressions, or
rather for -want of a better term, I might call it a
mental mirage. I seem to
be peculiarly gifted in this
way only when hope is
about gone, then suddenly
my old cares and anxieties vanish and life seems bright
• •
living on a farm in South
western Ohio, I dreamed
that I had wandered away
to Kansas in search of
"His eyes are so intent upon the stars that he
stumbles upon the earth," cannot truthfully be said
of me.
LIEUT. POLK
V EI.HUTCHINSON.
dream depicted. Even the date on the wall corre
sponded with the day of the accident, and the horses
were dapple gray— in fact, the dream was identical
with the real occurrence.
SENATOR
GEORGE C. PERKINS.
When a young boy, I was a sailor and have had
all the hardships with which a jolly tar has to contend.
I have rounded the Horn in seething seas that seemed
to Indicate sure death, and have stood at the rail Dent
upon self-destruction, when instantly my ™"™L* e >
would picture sunny skies and fear would be dispelled.
I have been becalmed in a vessel off the equator tor
two weefts with the knowledge that the fresh water
had nearly all been used, and aware of the sufferings
that such a death would insure, when suddenly these
mental visions would conjure up a spanking breeze
and a well-filled sail, and strange to say, it was a fore
runner of what occurred a few hours later.
I have been lost on the desert, nearly dying of
thirst, and sure that my time had come to shuffle off
this mortal coil," when a mirage of trees and rock
lined streams quickly stretched across ray mental ! hori
zon, and led me to an oasis of relief In the severest
trials of mv life I have been visited by that high and
SITSn" i?ke infinity that the .sailors .call the , cheruu.
that sits up aloft to buoy up the spirits of poor Jack.
* * •
I had a singularly marvelous dream one night that
the bed, and that the race
of a friend. Mr. chadrick,
who then lived in Chicago,
suddenly appeared before
NATHAN COLE,
Silver
Reoublican O:?,ar, zer.
me. The strangest part of it all to me was that ne am
not have a kindly look, and at first appeared small and
far away but gradually {,re\v nearer and larger, un
til I awoke with a start, finding myself lying on the
railing of the bed and the face of my dream even in
mv waking hours, close to n ~ own. I don t believe l
ever felt such terror in my life before. The perspira
tion poured from me and I was quaking in every limb.
Some time after this, I went to my office in Chicago
and was surprised not to see Chadrick, as he was usu
ally one of the first to look me up when I arrived in
the windy city; but thinking perhaps he was out or
town. I gave it no further thought, until the occasion
of my second trip back to Chicago.
One day. meeting a mutual friend of both, I asked,
"What is the matter with Chadrick?" "Chadrick," my
friend exclaimed: "Why didn't you know that he was
dead?"
"Whether I actually had seen the man s spirit or
not at that time, I do not know, as I did not ascertain
the exact date he died, and I did not calendar my
dream; but what I do know was, that his death occur
red in the same month that I had my peculiar dream.
COLLIS
P. HUNTINGTON.
does not dream. I haven't
time for that sort of thinsr. nor the disposition. I live
in to-day: to-morrow belongs to the dreamer. When
I was a little boy, I used to go to church every Sunday
with my mother, wh^ was a strict Presbyterian, and
prophesied to myself that when I grew a little older,
I would not go, and 'another thing, that nothing was
too great to accomplish, if I could concentrate my en
ergy in one direction. I made will-power my particu
lar "study, and perseverance my motto.
In building the railroad through Mexico, I advo
cated the employment of --exicans, and had the con
viction that they would be the best workers, if given
a fair trial. One of the strangest oppositions was that
their numerous church holidays would make progress
with their work an impossibility. Four years later, I
inquired "How are the Mexicans as workers?" and was
informed that they were not a success. "Try them
again," said I. "try them twenty years, if necessary.
f. ir they will turn out all right." My prophecy has
been fulfilled. They are now the best workmen we
have.
While I have been misunderstood by some and re
viled by many, within myself I feel the satisfaction of
a life well spent. Some day the people of California
will know me as a benefactor and friend, and I will
live to see this prophecy fulfilled.
ANNABEL LEE.
You may put me down
as one of the men whoLATEST WONDERS OF THE AURORA
/I \HE public was startled the other
.;"..' I day by the announcement that
I". Tesla had discovered a means
y.-J. and manner of telegraphing
. through space without wires.
ATid;that he had. by eight-foot flashes,
So.: i: the electricity of the
earth, that it would be felt all over the
This is an important discovery.
tf.triie — a revelation, now, that will bo
the world of idea-:. It
'•--'may ■ inn be out of place to study these
..rth currents in their
."only, visible form — the aurora. The
■"subject certainly merits more than a
".transient treatment.
latest issues of "The In-
Ltlonal Scientific Series," which
'.'has now grown to seventy- five or
. '-.eighty volumes, is entitled "The Au
;r;T..,"; r;T.., " and is written by M. Alfred
ry meteorologist t<» the
leal office of France.
;'.■■: The aut .ith the history
of the aui ills — so called in con-
' tradistfnction to the aurora australis
: o.f. rh>- south pole — and cites mentions
'of it by Aristotle, Cicero, Pliny, the
natural it; Seneca and Gregory of
shown by these writers to
..•have, been an object of superstitious
terror, even down to the
T et-nth century, no one being ca
understanding the nocturnal
■ Xttji-acle then. For that matter only
•the' educated few understand it now.
];iu it is no longer a dragon, a har
. a pel terror for homil
.~ts, the Valkyrie >>f the
■c ' Eddas, nor a reflection of fire
-urruunds the north pole or traan
:at.eß from a polar cavity or from the
!' the earth at that pomt —
•: : \vhi;.h Nansen possibly just escaped,
•c is probably now experienc
-
.■'.The chief characteristic of the au
..rpral rays is th.-ir extreme variability.
"They are Bubject to two kinds of move
.l!,. :.t.s: the lateral or sidewlse, and the
itudinal or upward; both move
are very rapid. A ray in twenty
'- covered a distance of
.-ninety degrees, or half the heaven, in
At times a ray remaining
same place is seen at the
' upper extremity to dart toward the
"zenith or lengthen itself upward. At
It rises and falls alter
.rait' ly. vibrating', and it is then said to
■ nth-century writers
tiled "leaping goats"
," arid "flying fires"; such rays are .still
:!;t as "marionettes," and
*"Iji : the Shetlands as "merry dancer?."
:.'The direction of all the rays passes,
rule, close to the magnetic zenith
• • locality, or may radiate there
fr"ni. as we have seen, forming a
..crown; the center of this crown may be
: -either luminous or obscure. At cer
mornents the rays which compose
this crown or glory enter into rapid
."movement, become very brilliant, and
..'take on Instead of the usual yellowish-
GLORIES OF THE NEW ERA THAT IS D AWNING UPON OUR COUNTRY
AS I understand it, the United
States went into this war
against Spain in the cause of
freedom. For three years Spain
has been endeavoring to con
quer these people. The means employed
were Bavage. Hundreds- of thousands
yvV. r , starved. Yet the Cubans, with
"great heroism, were continuing the
.struggle. In spite of their burned
v homes, their wasted nelds. their dead
■ Comrades, the Cubans were not con
. quered and still waged war. Under
Itbosi circumstances we said to Spain,
■"/You must Ithdraw from the West
v.erri world. The Cubans have a right to
rjjefree!"
.. It w;ik understood and declared at
- vh<_' tim- that we were not waging war
I fojr the sake of territory, that we were
• not trying to annex Cuba, but that we
l.wrre moved by compassion — a compas
. -Bion that became as stern as justice.
3 did not think at the time there would
.-..'be war. I supposed that the Spanish
.people had some Bense, that they knew
;their own lition and the condition
•<)f- this republic. But the improbable
■; happened, and now, after the successes
■'We. have had. the end of the war ap
■:; pears to be In sight, and the ques
tion arises. "What nhall we do
."•■with the : panisb islands that we have
•'taken already, or that we may take be
; fore peace comes?"
.'" ' Of course, we could not without stul
•tffying ourselves and committing the
; . greatest of crim< ■ hand back Cuba to
'.; Spain. But to do that would be no
■more criminal, no more infamous, than
>Jo hand back the Philippines, In those
Islands there are from 8,000,000 to 10,
000,000 of people, and they have been
.robbed and enslaved by Spanish offi
\cers and soldiers. Undoubtedly they
. were savages when first found, and un
doubtedly they are worse now than
when" discovered —more barbarous.
.- They wouldn't make very good citizens
of- the United States; they are probably
•.incapable of self-government, but no
people can be ignorant enough to be
AURORAS
With forms
SO STRANGE
THAT THEY WERE
CALLED
•LEAPING GOATS,"
TLYIHG FIRES,"
"MERRY DANCERS."
white color, vivid tints of red and
green. This is one of the finest auroral
effects, if not the finest. When one of
these crowns forms in the midst of an
already existing aurora, all the other
lights of the aurora pale, to reappear
when the crown is dissipated.
So much for the forms of the aurora.
Now as to the colors. The slow-moving
forms are white, lined with yellow,
milky and difficult to define. Rose car
mine is the next most noticeable color.
In the rapid-moving arcs, crowns,
wreaths and draperies, the center is
usually yellowish, one extremity red,
the other green. The red is almost al
ways toward the lower part and also in
the direction to which the ray moves,
while the green is above and behind.
For instance, if a ray darts down from
a crown, the lower end will be red, the
upper green. These colors will be very
brilliant; when the red is very brilliant
the green is as intense. The red re
mains longest and fades last, when fog
obliterates the aurora finally.
In high latitudes. Sir John Franklin,
McClintock, "Weypreeht and others
aver that the coloring of the aurora
was less strong when the air was very
pure and Increased when it became
foggy. The fine drapery forms are
generally seen where seas are open in
winter, free from ice, hence subject to
fogs, as in Norway, Spitzbergen and
Newfoundland.
The light from auroras is very feeble;
only a few lines of print can be read;
while by the light of the full moon this
Is easy. The intensity of the aurora
rarely exceeds the light of the moon In
her first quarter, even in the arctic
regions; this Is corroborated by Parry,
Kane, Hayes, Nordenskiold and others.
Auroras are less frequent in the full
of the moon, paling in her effulgence,
which drowns the auroral display: but
some of the brightest have been seen at
full moon. Some have said that auroras
'could be seen in daylight, but this
sounds like a ghost story.
It has been almost impossible to pho
tograph the aurora, although In the
winter of 1882-83 a Swede at Spitzberg
■ialmed to have secured a faint
image in eight minutes and a half. This
was done before access was had to the
justly robbed or savage enough to be
rightly enslaved. I think that we
should keep the islands, not for our
own sake, but for the sake of these peo
ple.
As far as the Philippines are con
cerned, T think that we should endeavor
to civilize them, and to do this we
should send teachers, not preachers.
We should not endeavor to give them
our superstition in place of Spanish su
perstition. They have had superstition
enough. They don't need churches,
they need school's. We should teach
them our arts; how to cultivate the
soil, how to manufacture the thm««
they need. In other words, we should
deal honestly with them and try our
best to make them a self-supportlcg
and a self-governing people. The eagle
should spread its wings over th</se is
lands for that and for no other purpose
We cannot afford to give them to other
nations or to throw fragments of in' m
to- the wild beasts of Europe. We cai>
not say to Russia, "You may have a
part," and to Germany, "You may have
a share," and to France, "You take
something," and so divide out these
people as thieves divide plunder. That
will never do.
There Is, moreover, a little semi.nant
mixed with this matter in my mind.
Manila Bay has been tilled with Ameri
can glory. There was won one 01 our
greatest triumphs, erne of tht- giw..«-.-st
naval victories of the world— won by
American courage and genius. We t.uii-
DOt allow any other nation to become
the owner of the stage on which thla
American drama was played. I know
that we can be of great assistance to
the inhabitants of the Philippines. I
know that we can be an unmixed bless
ing to them, and that Is the only a.'>.bi
tiui! I have in regard to those islands. 1
woulo no more think of handing the-m
back to Spain than I would of butcher
ing the entire population In cold blool.
Spain is unfit to govern. Spain nas al
ways been a robber. She has never
made an effort to civilize a human be
ing. The history erf Spain, 1 think, Is
the darkest page in, the history of the
world.
At the same time I have a kind of
pity for the bpanish people. I feel that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, IS9S.
orthochromatle plates, color screens or
lightning emulsions of to-day.
Some observers claim that the stars
scintillate less when seen through an
aurora; but this is caused, according
t'i Montigny, by the presence of fog.
On the contraryi it is clearly proved
that the scintillation increases during
any magnetic disturbance, even when
the latter is not accompanied by an
aurora.
Hut. although we are getting nearer
to the truth as to the nature of the
they have? been victims — victims of su
perstition. Their blood has been
sucked, their energies have been wasted
and misdirected, and they excite my
sympathies. Of course, there are many
good Spaniards, good men, gc-od women.
Cervera appears to be a civilized man,
a gentleman, and I feel obliged to him
for his treatment of Hobson. The great
mass of the Spaniards, however, must
be exceedingly ignorant, and as pas
sionate as ignorant. Their so-called
leaders dare not tell them the truth
about the progress of this war. They
Sf*-m to be afraid to state the farts.
They always commence with a lie, then
change it a little, then change it a littie
more, and maybe at last tell the truth.
They never seem to dare to tell the
truth at first, if the truth is bad. They
put me in mind of the story of a man
telegraphing to a wife about the condi
tion of her husband. The first dispatch
was, "Tour husband is well, never bet
ter." The Becond was, "Your husband
is sick, but not very." The third was,
"Your husband is much worse, but we
stlil have hope.'! The fourth was, "You
may as well know the truth — we buried
your husband yesterday." That is
about the way the Spanish people get
their war news.
That is why it may be incorrect to
assume thai peace is coming quickly.
If the Spaniards were a normal people,
who acted as other fciks do, we might
prophesy a speedy peace, but nobody
has prophetic vision enough to tell what
such a people will do. In spite of all
appearances, and all our successes, and
of all sense, the war may drag on. But
j hope not, not only for >>ur sake, but
for the sake of the Spaniards them
selves. I can't help thinking of. the
poor peasants who will be killed, neith
er can I help thinking of the poor
peasants who will have to toil for many
years on the melancholy fields of Spain
to pay the costs of this war. I am
sorry for them, and I am sorry also
for the widows and orphans, and no
one will be more delighted when peace
comes.
The argument has been advanced in
the National Senate, and elsewhere,
that the Federal constitution makes no
auroral light, it is not yet clearly
known. Th^re is also as much dispute
as to whether any sound accompanies
the aurora. The northern nations be
lieve in the existence of this sound,
like the rustling of silk or of straws, a
"crackling" coinciding with the darting
of the rays. This also is not well
proved. In arctic: regions it is proba
bly confounded with the Incessant
crackling of fields of snow and the
faint clicking of small needles of Ice
in the process of their formation. In
BY ROBERT G. INGERSOLL.
provision for the holding of colonies or
dependencies, such as the Philippines
would be; that we can only acquire
them as territories, and eventually
must take them in as States, with their
population of mixed and Inferior races.
That is hardly an effective argument.
When this country was an infant,
still in its cradle, George Washington
gave the child some very good advice;
told him to beware of entangling alli
ances, to stay at home, and attend to
his own business. Under the circum
stances this was all very good. But
the infant has been growing, and the
republic is now one of the most pow
erful nations in the world, and yet,
from its infant days until now, good,
conservative people have been repeat
ing the advice of Washington. It was
repeated again and again when we
were talking about purchasing Louisi
ana, and many Senators and Congress
men became hysterical and predicted
the fall of the republic if that was done.
The same thing took place when we
purchased Florida, and again when we
got 1. 000,000 square miles from Mexico,
and still again when we bought Alaska.
These Ideas about violating the consti
tution and wrecking the republic were
promulgated by our great and wise
statesmen on all these previous occa
sions, but after all the constitution
seems to have borne the strain. There
Beems to be as much liberty now as
there was then, and in fact a great deal
more. Our territories have given us no
trouble, while they have greatly added
to our population and vastly increased
our wealth.
Besides this, the statesman of the
olden time, the wise men with whom
wisdom was supposed to have perished,
could not and did not imagine the im
provements that would take place after
they were gone. In their time, practi
cally speaking, it was further from
New York to Buffalo than it is now
from New York to San Francisco, and
as far as the transportation of intelli
gence is concerned San Francisco is as
near New York as it would have been
in their day had it been Just across the
Harlem River. Taking into considera
secondary; they are means to an end,
1870 the aeronaut Rolller, escaping from
besieged Paris in a balloon, landed in
Norway, and he claims to have heard
a persistent sound the whole time he
was in a certain cloud, accompanied
by a strong odor like ozone, very irri
tating to the bronchial tubes. A fine
aurora was observed at precisely that
time. Bergmann compared this odor
to that of sulphur and Trevelyan to
that of electricity (?).
As long ago as 15S0 and 1590, Tycho
Brahe observed that the appearance of
tion the railways, the telegraphs and
the telephones, this, country now, with
its area of 3,500,000 square miles, is not
as large as the thirteen original colo
nies were; that is to say, the distances
are more easily traveled and more
easily overcome. In those days it re
quired months and months to cross the
continent. Now it is the work of four
or five days.
Yet, when we came to talk about an
nexing the Hawaiian Islands, the ad
vice of George Washington was again
repeated, and the older the Senator the
fonder he was of th*3 advice. These
Senators had the idea that the consti
tution, having nothing in favor of it,
must contain something, at least in
spirit against it. Of course our fathers
had no idea of the growth ot the re
public. We have, because with us
it is a matter of experience. I don't see
that Alaska has imperiled any of the
liberties of New York. We need not
admit Alaska as a State unless it has a
population entitling it to admission,
and we are not bound to take in the
Sandwich Islands until the people are
civilized, until they are fit companions
of free men and free women. It may
be that a good many of our citizens
will go to the Sandwich Islands, and
that in a short time the people there
will be ready to be admitted as a State.
All this the constitution can stand, and
in it there is no danger of imperialism.
I believe in national growth. As a
rule the prosperous farmer wants to
buy' the land that adjoins him. and I
think a prosperous nation has the am
bition of growth. It is better to expand
than to shrivel; and, if our constitution
is too narrow to spread over the terri
tory that we have the courage to ac
quire, why we can make a broader one.
It is a very easy matter to make a con
stitution, and no human happiness, no
prosperity, no progress should be sacri
ficed for the sake of a piece of paper
with writing on it; because there is
plenty of paper and plenty of men to do
the writing, and plenty of people to say
what the writing should be. I take
more interest in people than I do in
constitutions. I regard constitutions as
an extract. I think, from Goldwln
THE COLORS
Are Brilliant
IN
WHITE. LINED
With Yellow,
Red and Green,
But Giving
feeble Light.
these polar bands and halos coincided
with the presence of spots on the sun.
Klein, in our own day, comparing twen
ty-five years of observations made with
the greatest care at Cologne by Dr.
Garthe, has confirmed the fact that
these high cirrus clouds and polar
bands follow as to their frequency tne
same laws us the spo' on the sun; they
succeed each other or even coexist.
Many observers of the aurora are ot
the opinion that the appearance ot the
aurora depends on the presence ot these
clouds in the sky, which are in turn
due to magnetic disturbances of the
earth's photosphere originating in the
Bun spots. There are other evidences
that the aurora is intimately connected
with material particles in the atmos
phere, like clouds and fog; for instance
when two or more rays in an aurora
cross the light is augmented, or when
an aurora makes a fold on itself as in
drapery forms, showing that there are
two material ••thicknesses" of the sub
stance; moreover, the wind also acts
on the aurora, which is torn after a
tempest, showing that the wind has
acted upon luminous clouds which are
part of the aurora; finally, the presence
of clouds seems to favor the formation
and development of auroras. So there
is an intimate relation between them.
The rare phenomenon, St. Elmo's lire
(balls of fire alighting on ship masts
and spars) is frequent during auroras,
but this is about the only form of
electric disturbance of the atmosphere
occurring during auroras. Andree, in
18S2-S3, at Spitzbergen, with a Mascart
electrometer found that before an au
rora appeared the positive electric po
tential of the air diminished rapidly,
and even became negative, as usually
happens when it rains; but as soon as
the aurora appears the potential takes
as before a high positive value. But
it must be remembered that the electric
potential of the atmosphere, especially
at a short distance from the earth,
varies constantly in an abrupt and ir
regular manner: so that it would be im
prudent to assume any coincidence
even during an aurora.
Auroras seem to depend for then
form and position in space on the dis
tribution of magnetism on the surface
but the dear, oia consen.unr .^..wv.
men seem to regard constitutions as
ends in themselves.
I have read what ex-President Cleve
land had to say on this Important sub
ject, and I am happy to say that I en
tirely disagree with him. 80, too.l dis
agree with Senator Edmunds and with
Mr. Bryan, and with Senator Hoar, and
with all the other gentlemen who wish
to stop the growth of the republic. I
want it to grow. Sometimes I have
thought that there is only air enough
on this hemisphere to float one Hag.
and in time that dream may come true.
As to the final destiny of the isl.a.id
possessions won from Spain, my idea is
that the Philippine Islands will finally
be free, protected, it may be, for a long
tUne, by the United States. I think
Cuba will come to us for protection,
naturally, and, so far as I am con
cerned I want Cuba only when Cuba
wants us. I think Porto Rico and some
of those islands will belong permanent
ly to the United States, and I believe
Cuba will finally become a part of our
republic.
When the opponents of progress
found that they couldn't make the
American people take the back track
by holding up their hands over the con
stitution, they dragged in the Monroe
doctrine. When we concluded not to
allow Spain any longer to enslave her
colonists, or the people who had been
her colonists, in the New World, that
was a very humane and a very wise
resolve, and it was strictly in accord
with the Monroe doctrine. For the pur
pose of conquering Spain, we attacked
her fleet in Manila Bay and destroy* !
it. I cannot conceive how that action
of ours can be twisted into a violation
of the Monroe doctrine. The most that
can be said is that it is an extension of
that doctrine and that we are now say
ing to Spain, "You shall not enslave,
you shall not rob, anywhere that we
have the power to prevent it."
Having taken the Philippines, the
same humanity that dictated the dec
laration of what is called the Monroe
doctrine will force us to act there in
accordance with the spirit of that doc
trine. The other day I saw in the paper
of the globe. The appearances of au
roras coincide in the majority of cases
with magnetic disturbances on the
earth's surface. The auroral arc gen
erally has its summit near the mag
netic meridian, where the compass
needle points. The force which governs
the auroras appears to be the same
which the maenetic needle obeys. In
general, the point where the rays con
verge in auroral crowns, the center of
the crown, is near the magnetic zenith.
The variation, in fact, in such instances
is but one degree, which may be al
lowed as the amount of probable error
in observations.
The conclusion is, therefore, that the
earth's magnetic forces certainly play
the most important part in the auroral
display. The arcs or "bands" are near
ly perpendicular to the magnetic me
ridian, and the direction of the rays
parallel to the magnetic needle. The
deviations from these rules are due to
atmospheric conditions of temperature
and humidity. The electric discharges
which constitute the aurora t>>realis en
counter all sorts of conditions of the
atmospheric strata which are une.'iually
conductive; hence lack of symmetry in
the auroral display. Meteorological con
ditions very likely influence not the
production of the aurora, but its form
and position. There is an intimate re
lation, as we have already pointed out,
between the weather and these mag
netic disturbances.
The magnetic needle sometimes be
gins to be agitated an hour before the
appearance of an aurora. The mag
netic disturbances last a long while,
often for twenty-four hours. Motion
less arcs and faint auroras do not af
fect the magnetic needle sensibly, while,
during an active aurora, which is ap
parently nearer, the needle is greatly
agitated, especially when the great red
and green rays flash suddenly like
lightning.
Arago has shown that if the aurora
seems to be absent during magnetic
disturbances, it is often because it is
too distant, or below our horizon, and
visible only in more northern latitudes.
In the arctic and antarctic regions
there is small deviation of the mag
netic needle, but this is considered due
to the great height of these auroras,
while local auroras are nearer the
earth, of small extent, and due to local
disturbances.
Telluric currents, passing along tele
graphic wires, communicating with the
earth at both ends, are visibly and
often 'violently affected during an au
rora, setting electric call-bells ringing,
preventing the transmission of mes
sages b-- throwing the mechanism out
of gear, and often proving a source of
positive danger. This is not due to. or
during, a storm. The telluric currents
cease when one end of the line is iso
lated; they are only manifested in sin
gle lines which hive their return to the
earth, but they may affect submarine
cables, and they vary in direct ratio
with the length of the line.
The aurora is supposed to be a purely
terrestrial phenomenon, without regard
to outside influences.
were to bombard Cadiz we would give
up the Monroe doctrine. I do not see
the application. We are at war with
Spain and we have a right to Invade
that country, and the invasion would
have nothing whatever to do with the
Monroe doctrine. War being declared,
we have the right to do anything con
sistent with civilized warfare to gain
the victory. The bombardment of Ca
diz would have no more to do with the
Monroe doctrine than with the attrac
tion of gravitation. If by the Monroe
doctrine is meant that we have agreed
to stay in this hemisphere and to pre
vent other nations from interfering
with any people on this hemisphere,
and if it is said that, growing out of
this, is another doctrine, namely, that
we are pledged not to interfere with
any people living on thf> ther hemi
sphere, then it might be called a viola
tion of the Monroe doctrine for us to
bombard Cadiz. But such is not the
Monroe doctrine. If, we being at war
with England, she should bombard the
city of New York, or we should bom
bard some city of England, would any
body say that either nation had vio
lated the Monroe doctrine? I do not
how that doctrine is Involved,
whether we fight at sea or on the terri
tory of the onerm-.
This is the first war, so far as I
know, in the history of the world, that
has been waged absolutely in the in
terest of humanity; th>- only war born
of pity, of sympathy; and for that rea
son I have taken a deep interest in it.
The Spanish have shown in this con
test that they posa 3a courage, and
they have displayed what you migtit
call the heroism of desperation, 'nit
the Anglo-Saxon hai
: blinded by pas-si m,
courage that Is the absolute servant f
intelligence. Thf ." ion has a
fixedness of purpose that.is never in
terfered with by ■'•
become enraged — h> firm, un
yielding, his mind is absolutely made
up, clasped, locked, and he carries out
his wilL Wiih the Spaniard it is ex
citement, nervousness; he becomes
frantic.
Copyrighted. IS9S. by S. S. McClure Co.
2122
NEW WAY TO FORETELL CALIFORNIA'S CLIMATE THREE MONTHS AHEAD
COMPARATIVE CHART SHOWING THE TEMPERATURE (\J UNGA
ISLAND AND RAINFALL IN CALIFORNIA.
SINCE the publication in Th
a few days ago of a statement
fmm Forecast Official Hammond
to the effect that he had discov
ered wh-at appeared to be a
method of foretelling whether
our winters would be wc-t or dry, th'Lt
gentleman has been fairly overwhelmed
with letters and inquiries in regard to
ft. Scientific men generally look upon
his Idea an most plausible. A few po
so far as to call it th" greatest meteoro
logical discovery of the decade, while
others merely send congratulations,
evidently considering that the import
ance of the discovery is too apparent to
need comment.
Brieiiy, Mr. Hammond Is of the opin-
Jon that be can foretell in October the
kind of weather we will have in De
BEST EMERGENCY BANDAGE: HOW TO USE IT. HOW THE NAVY DEVOURS COAL BY THE SHIPLOAD.
This Bandage Is as Useful and Helpful in the Accidents During Peace as It Is in the Casualties of War.
Any One Can Make Them and Any One Can Use Them Deftly After a Few Simple Trials.
THE most useful bandage ever devised for emergencies is known as the "Esmarck bandage." In size
and shape it adapts itself to all requirements. Its triangular form admits of its being turned
around corners an I fitted into all portions of the human body. At the same time, this shape pre
vents a surplus of material that would only serve to create heat and make the bandage
harder to handle.
The accompanying diagram is exactly one-third the size of the real bandage. The Hlustra
tions show plainly how the bandage is to be tied over certain parts of the body The treat
m> lit >'£ difleront wounds is as follows:
BLEEDING FROM ARTERIES.
Head — Pad ar.d bandage the wound.
Xeck — Place thumb in wound and press backward against spine.
Armpit— Press thumb into wound; second person press main artery behind mid-
die collar bone.
Upper and Forearm— Press with fingers or apply tourniquet to inside of
upper arm. When bel6"W elbow place pad in hollow of bend of elbow and
bend forearm against upper arm.
Palm "f Hand— Randage hand closed over a piece of stick, or press
arteries at front of wrist.
Thigh— Hand pressure at center of groin, or by tourniquet on in
side of thigh.
B ma or Bade of- Knee Joint— Same as for thigh, or press by hand
or tourniquet at back of knee joint, or double the leg up against a
pad placed In the ham.
Instep— Pressure to the middle of front of ankle.
Sole of Foot — Bandage with pads behind ankle bones and middle
of instep.
Note^— A tourniquet can be made by placing a stone over a main
artery, tying a handkerchief loosely over it and then twisting it tight
with a stick.
ULEKDIXC. FROM VEINS.
For all Situations— Elevate the part and apply pad and bandage.
Flesh Wounds— Wash, stop bleeding; fix parts in natural position
without delay.
Gun Shot Wounds <>n Chest or Belly— Place patient on wounded
Bide with kn<-es drawn up; Rive complete r> st ; no stimulants.
Bruised Wounds -Wash, apply wet cloths; if about head, poultices.
Note— Blood fmm an artery Is bright red ardflowa in jots. Blood
from a vein is dark bluish and nOWB Slowly. Xue tlow in arteries is
from heart to he&d ( hands and feet. The now in veins is just tne re«
verse.
BROKTEN BONES. '.
Lower Bandage the* lower to upper jaw with handkerchief.
Collar Bone— Place pad in armpit, bandage elbow to side; sling
forearm.
Ribs'— Apply bandages six inches wide and eight yards long round
Upper Arm— Apply roller bandage to hand and forearm, splints to
back and front and sling forearm.
Forearm— Apply padded splints to back and front and from hand
to elbow, holding the arm extended with thumb pointing upward.
Hand— Apply splint bandage and support in sling.
Thigh— Apply a long splint from armpit to outside of heel and a
short one from fork to knee on inside and bandage.
Leg— Apply splints inside and outside and bandage.
• T Ote _si gns of broken bones: Motion at the part; crackling pon
sation on moving the broken ends: alteration in shape; often short
pninif Always apply splints before lifting or carrying. Dangers are
of pushing the ends through flesh, blood v.ss nerves or internal or
gans Ounga).
cember, provided he can keep track of
the behavior of the "Japan current."
The stream that hears this name Is
merely a certain portion of the Pacific
Ocean that seems to move around in
a half circle. "Where it begins or where
it ends is a question open to conjec
ture, and of no importance in the pres
ent instance.
For convenience it will be assumed
that the current has Its origin Just
north of Australia and on the equator
Where th»- rays of the sun Ret-]' it al
most at the boiling point. From here
it is known that the current sweeps to
the north, past the Philippine Islands,
China and Japan and alone toward the
Arctic, where it makes a curve to the
eastward. Here it paspes on the south
sM>- of the Aleutian Islands, then past
Alaska and BO down the Pacific Const
of our continent, washing the coast of
California just off the Golden Gate.
irp:=> oimPLt tJArju^ut. HAS tsutn U\- inL£> IIMAbLt valul IM Tl^E PKC.SLNT WflK. fIND IT'S JUST AS SLKVIUL^BLt in fKJC.Iut.NTS DURNIG TIMES OF PEfICE. ■■
THE SAX FRAXOISCO CALL, SFKDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
HOW THE JAPAN CURRENT AFFECTS THE COAST OF CALIFORNIA
The farther north the Japan , Current -swings in
its eastward course past the Aleutian Islands _tiie
colder and dryer our winters will be.
The farther south it sweeps the raors rain we will
have and the warmer our winters. That is tha way
the matter has just been figured out by Weather Of
ficer Hammon. By comparing the weather reports
of Unga Island, off tiie Alaska coast, and the
weather repoits of California he has discovered that
the weather of California can be predicted three
months in advance by examining the weather re
ports of Unga Island. The reason, according to his
explanation, is very simple. The Japan Current af
fects the climate of Unga Island as well as Califor
nia and passes that plr.es three months before it
reaches our coast. Weather Prophet Hammon there
fore says the miners, farmers and fruit raisers
may learn three months ahead whether or not they
are . ing to have a wet or dry winter.
What. Mr. Hammon has to say on this most im
portant matter is contained in the following article:
It Costs Uncle Sam All Sorts of Fancy Prices and Sometimes It Is Handled at the Risk of Men's Lives, but
the Coal Must Be Had.
The Navy Department expects to use at least 1.000,000 tons of coal during the first year of this war, If It lasts
fo long. Last year the consumption was only 135,318 tons, costing $656,000; but the requirements are very differ
ent now, when every ship in the service is at sea, and hundreds of auxiliary cruisers and mosquito craft are be
ing utilized.
The navy has to pay all sorts of prices for coal— from $1 90 to $18 per ton; it comes at the latter figure
in some ports of South America. At Key West, before the war began, it cost the Government $2 90 a ton;
now I'ncle Sam pays $3 50 for it at that point.
The Navy Department is now building for war purposes two steel coal piers at the Dry Tortugas,
each of them 314 feet long. It is also constructing, as rapidly as possible, two steel sheds, each of
which holds 10,000 tons of coal. These sheds are equipped with up-to-date hoisting apparatus,
whi^h is able to handle the coal in enormous quantities and with wonder
ful rapidity. Giant shovels holding two tons dive down int.) the holds of
coal-laden vessels and grab the coal, lifting it out and then running back on carriages
over a bridge and dropping the stuff into the sheds through batches In their roofs. By
the same means the coal is hoisted out of the sheds and loaded upon lighters which
when filled are towed by tugs to the warships. Then one or more ports are
opened like doors in the side of a ship, and the bluejackets carry the stun! on
board in bags and baskets. Chutes are used as far as practicable.
The work is done with amazing rapidity, the sailors swarming over the
vessel like so many bees, until at length the bunkers are ail filled. A.
deep channel runs close by the key on which the piers and sheds are
building and dredging is being done so that our men-of-war will be
able to come right up to the wharves and take fuel aboard. This will
Bave much time and labor.
The channel referred to will be lighted on both sides by electric
beacons, so. that the vessels may steam in at any hour in perfect
safety. It is not wide enough for a big ship to turn in. but the man
of-war can enter at one end and go out the other. Such deep chan
nels in the coral formation are numerous and intricate, and this is
one reason why the buccaneers of old resorted to the Tortugas,
which form the western group of keys to the southwest of Florida.
On one of them is built Fort Jefferson, an obsolete structure of ma
sonry, that cost Uncle Sam $14,000,000, and here are placed the new
piers and sheds. The name of this little archipelago signifies "tur
tles," the key being much frequented by those reptiles at laying
time. On East key a Spanish galleon laden with gold was once
wrecked, and a lighthouse keeper in the neighborhood is said to have
found $20,000 of it.
It takes a lot of coal to run a warship. The Oregon at Rio loaded
1600 tons into her bunkers. What is termed her ''normal supply" is
only 400 tons, but for a long voyage she gobbles four times that
quantity.
It naturally follows that the tempera
ture at which this vast volume of water
reaches our coast is going to have a
great deal of effect on our climate.
If this Japan current were a stable
current like a river, it would always
reach our coast at about the same tem
perature. But it is most fickle, often
sweeping 200 miles to the north or
south of its general course.
It will thus be apparent that the far
ther north the warm waters from the
equator go the colder they will get, and
as a consequence reach the Pacific
Coast colder than they would if they
took a course further to the south. As
it takes the waters of this current
about three months to get from Una
laska Island to San Francisco, it ap
pears natural to conclude that if we
know the position of the current on a
certain day we can tell in what condi
tion it will reach us three months
Traveling at the ordinary cruising rate of eleven knots an hour,
she consumes about seventy-five tons in twenty-four hours, so that
she could keep going at this speed for twenty-one days, covering in
that time 5544 knots or 6396 statute miles. . Under forced draught
she could go at a speed of nearly seventeen knots, but her fuel con
sumption would run up to 230 tons every twenty-four hours and h-'■h -'■
coal would only last her a little over six days. Every fo'rty-thre^
tons of coal she takes aboard sinks her one inch in the water
The big cruiser New York can only carry UM tons of coal and is
able to steam thirteen knots with an expenditure of 100 tons'-a day
Going at twenty-one knots she uses more than three times that
much.
The water consumption of a big warship is Hkewico o ».
Not less than thirty tons. or. 7500 gallons of this iniisnens^lT
are used by the Indiana every day-two-thirds of th ™f«sf«. V*
the boilers and the remainder for drinking washlnl «q« q ntity - for
The cruiser Brooklyn requires about the same amount' ° klnsr> etc
And it must follow that if the cur
rent passes far to the south of Unalas
ka and reaches us in a warm condition
there will be heavy evaporation
and consequently cotyous rainfail.
If the current passes so far to the
north as to touch Unalaska or tTng-a
islands it is only reasonable to conr
elude that it will reach us in a cold
condition. Consequently th?re will be
little evaporation and we will have a
dry year.
Were it not for the Sierra Nevadas
the temperature of the sea would not
have such a powerful effect on the cli
mate of the Pacific Coast. As it is,
though, the mountains keep off the cold
winds from the east and leave the cli
matic conditions almost entirely to the
sea. This one fact only serves to
Continued on Page Thirty-two.FIVE YEARS OF UNDETECTED CRIMES
T*HE SAILORS 1 BOARDING-HOUSE
> EXPLOSION.
THE labor troubles of 1593 provided
'.the police with another startling
•mystery, which, as was only to be
iipreeted, they signally failed to un
ravel. During the greater part
"-■. ■ of ;.that year the shipowners had
••■•:";■ xbfSen at variance with the Coast
. . Seamen's Union over the matter
: of wages. A large number of
; non-union men, or scabs, had
/been taken on the vessels, and
jia.turally the feeling of the gen
. :uine sailors toward these intru
ders was very bitter. Quarrels
were frequent, and no good
• union man lost a chance of
■hammering a scab,.
r When this feeling, however,
materialized into dynamite ex
■<'*■•'. plosions it was carrying mat
;'■ -'ters a little too far. Several
: : '.■'• .minor attempts were made to
V blow up the tug Ethel and Ma
rion and other vessels, but it
..'/■: was not until September 24 that
: the great tragedy occurred. In
: Main street, near Harrison, just
opposite the Sailors' Home, was
ta boarding house kept by a man
named Curtin. This was the fa
vorite resort of non-union sail
ors, and in consequence the
place was shunned and despised
by the union men.
Shortly after midnight
George Holmes, a sail
or, with several
. . . companions, stood
chatting and laughing- in
. -the roadway just outside
. ; :.' Curtin's. One of the men
■ .-. .noticed a small black va
.; Jise lying in the doorway of the
•■•.;■ -'house, which was closed at the
. ...time. With almost prophetic in
■_■'.'■■'stinct he exclaimed, "I believe
:""•■-'■ there is dynamite in it," and
:':"-.: mi.ived away to the edge of the
■'-:.• sidewalk. Just then the infer
..;■;.:. nal machine went off, blowing
•/.Holmes and another man to
"atoms. Some half a dozen per-
V -,'. --sons were injured more or less
■»• : '- ' Tseverely, two of them dying a
.. •■..few days later, making the
•"•.■.'•death roll four.
: . •'.. The force of the explosion was
.. : '--v terrific The front of the house
■-.'..was entirely blown in, and cv
■•"•••%• cry window in the Sailors'
•:,.-.- Home opposite was destroyed.
■ .- ■ But for a lucky accident the
■ loss of life would have been
:: . much greater. The miscreant
'■ '■■■ undoubtedly intended to place
• •• ttie loaded valise in the hallway,
' ; -but as it was Saturday night he
'".\". : ."; found tne door shut at an ear
.. '■: .lver hour than usual, and had to
'■ : ' .leave his diabolical machine
■ . Outside.
;'■;■•": : The police, as usual, were ut
• • : ;terly at a loss. Mrs. Curtin,
. y.ho kept the boarding house,
'• said she had Been a lot of union
'.'-..- men hanging about, and pointed
■-: out three whom she vaguely
. might have had some
' 'thing to do with the crime.
O. True to traditional methods,
Chief Crowley, then head
. ..of the police, took
• these men to the
sweating den In
the City Prison. They
wpre not charged with any
ffon."=e, but merely detained
illegally, in the hope that one
.. or the other of the trio might
b,e induced to confess some
thing. The Coroner's inquest
resulted in the usual verdict of
murderer unknown. Dissatis
.fie'd with this result, the police
.. later on proceeded against a
; : man named Tyrell and BUCceed
• ed in getting him held for trial,
though the scanty evidence
which they could gather to
'•'■' gether was not sufficient to se
... cure a conviction.
'.* • •
tME EUGENE WARE MYSTERY.
PROBABLY one of the most famous
of the many unsolved criminal
mysteries of recent years was the
murder of Eugene Ware, a clerk
§in the drug store at the St.
Nicholas Hotel. The crime was
so' revolting in its character, the
:..".■ motive of the murder was so
completely shrouded in doubt,
>. .that it afforded scope for the
■ • most delicate detective work. It
■- is needless to say that the police
..'■. utterly failed to gain the slight
' est hint of the murderer's iden
■ • . tity, and the man who stabbed
- Eugene Ware with a dagger in
• "nineteen different places, almost
: . barving his body to pieces, is
. •. still at large, unless, indeed, his
; ' sin 'has already found him out,
■ ■'. and he has expiated his crime on
. - the gallows. There is a popu
■- \ lar theory that Durrant was the
•. murderer; one of the women
• .«eeh about the place is said to
. have resembled Durrant's sister.
.• But no tangible evidence in sup
." .port of this supposition has ever
. " been brought forward; it is only
• a vague general hypothesis,
• : which probably has no basis in
;'• "• i&ct.
- •-. -.It was about 1:15 on the morn
■■• Ing of December 14, 1894, that
: ". 'Police Officer O'Day, patrolling
i :: m.the vicinity of the St. Nich
- " "olas, noticed that there was no
;. light in the drug store. This <r ,
'■■■■ was an unusual circumstance,
"•■ .' for; though the store gener
• ially closed at midnight, the
."'■• gas was always left burn-
ing inside. Like
an intelligent of
ficer, O'Day pro
ceeded to investi
gate. He found the
door unlocked, and the
store in some disorder, the
drawer of the cash register was
open, and drawers of herbs had
been taken from their places.
No one was there, but O'Day,
suspecting a tragedy, continued
his search. There was a Might
of stone stairs leading to the
basement, and at the foot of
these stairs, huddled up in a
gory heap, was the lifeless body
of Ware. His ghastly white
face looked appealingly
up, as if calling for
vengeance on the
murderer, in his
right hand \v;i? tight
ly clenched the key o
the cellar door. There were
gashes, evidently made with a
sharp two-edged dagger, all over
his body, nineteen wounds, any
one of which might have been
mortal, were counted.
It was of course impossible
to tell which of the wounds had
been made first. Could this have
been done some light might have
been thrown on the tragedy as
showing where the fiend attack
ed his victim.
Naturally this terrible butch
ery did not look like the work of
a reasoning man; it seemed as
if only a maniac, or one thirst
ing for an awful revenge, could
have done such a deed. Yet the
police, unable to reason beyond
the routine track of investiga
tion, assumed at first that rob
bery was the motive. As if a
mere thief would commit such
an enormity. Besides
which thvre was
nothing missing
from the place,
except, perhaps, $5
cigrar money, which might
or mi^ht not have been spent by
"Ware before he closed the store.
The victim's gold watch and
chain -were also untouched. Two
spots of blood were found at the
head of the stairs, and from this
it was deduced that the stab
bing was done upstairs, and the
body afterward bundled down
the steps.
The next idea of the police
was the revenge or jealousy
theory. Ware was known to
have many female friends, some
of whom had been seen in the
store on the night before the
murder. One, in particular, a
dork-eyed Jewess, had been no
ticed to leave the store for a few
minutes and speak to a man in
a light coat outside. The woman
was eventually found, but it was
soon seen that she had nothing
to do with the case. An unfor
tunate window cleaner, named
Frank Brown, had been seen
near the store, so the police, fol
lowing the same tactics as in the
recent Lochner case, had him
arrested and submitted him to
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
The criminal records of San Francisco are full of unsolved myster
ies. Time and again the police have failed in their duty of bringing
murderers to justice. To give a complete outline of these cases would
require a volume, but here are some of the most famous undetected
murders which nave occurred during the past five years.
1893.
DYNAMITE EXPLOSION AT CURTIN'S BOARDING HOUSE,
MAIN STREET. Four men killed and several injured.
1894.
EUGENE WARE, clerk at drug store, St. Nicholas Hotel, fctab
bed in nineteen places, and found thrown into basement of his own
store.
1895.
J. B. FOREMAN. Murdered in Chinatown.
CORNELIUS STAGG. Shot at Ingleside House by robbers.
ELLEN HARRINGTON. Battered to death in her own lodging-
100 v house at 1017 Ellis street.
rAMES HOWARD. Died at Police Station from blows on head received in the street.
ROBERT MOBEHEAD. Stabbed in East street.
*.. NEVILLE. Shot by robbers in grocery store on Greenwich street.
rENNIE MATTHEWS. Poisoned by strychnine at Laurel Hill.
CHARLES KOELING. Struck on the head with a brick on Folsom street
1896.
LITTLE MAY SMITH, or May McDermott. Strangled in Morton street.
BERTHA PARADIS. Strangled in St. iu.ary street.
JOSEPH MANNING. Shot in a saloon on Fourth street.
1897.
[SAAC HOFFMAN. Shot in nis own office.
LITTLE PETE. Shot by highbinders in Chinatown.
1898.
J. H. DOW. Shot in his shooting gallery on Kearny street.
MARTIN PICHNITZ. Battered to deatn with a stone.
JEONG YING CHOW. Shot by two Chinese at 310 Washington street.
mt>o c»riTf n A "R. PT. "NT T'E'R. Strnn.o-lori In h^r vnnm
the sweating process. But the
man knew nothing and was
eventually released.
* * *
NELLIE HARRINGTON'S MURDER
A REMARKABLE feature about the
LA murder of Miss Nellie Harrington
was its committal in broad day
light, at 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
in an open lodging house. Yet
no one saw the murderer enter
or leave, and by a curious fatal
ity, rtfcath pealed the mouth of
ex-Senator Buck, the only man
who could have thrown light
upon the crime.
Miss Harrington was a woman
of good character, who kept a
lodging house at 1017 Ellis street.
On the morning of June 1, 1895,
she was, it is presumed, dress
ing to go out, but she never l^ft
the door of her house alive. Soon
after 1 o'clock, the inmates of
the building noticed a smell of
fire, and the battered corpse of
Miss Harrington was found
burning in her room. The mur
derer, not content with beating
the woman's skull in with some
blunt weapon, had soaked her
body with coal oil and set fire to
it, hoping, doubtless, that the
blaze would cover up all traces
of his awful deed. But the fire
was extinguished before it had
time to spread, and the police
were left with a difficult piece
of work before them.
The task was one which might
well have puzzled skilled detec
tives, let alone Lees and his sub
ordinates. The motive was evi
dently not robbery, for nothing
of value, except a watch, had
been taken from the room. The
murdered woman had apparent
ly expected some such fate, for
she had left two wills, disposing
of her property in the event of
anything happening to her. The
weapon with which the murder
was committed was never found.
As usual the police started on
a wrong scent. Lees got hold of
an unfortunate Jan, who had
taken a room in Miss Harring
ton's house. This man, a harm
JUST c FEW OF THE UNDETECTED CRIMES.
"Much like a subtile spider which doth sit
In middle of her web, which spreadeth wide,"
While fly offeQders through the n)eshes flit
Arjd dare the subtile spider to deride.
less creature, had had his face
burned some time before with
chemicals, and the Chief thought
this a conclusive proof and held
the Jap in custody. But noth
ing whatever turned up to con
nect the Japanese with the trag
edy.
Then it leaked out that Miss
Harrington had a great friend,
an elderly gentleman, who used
frequently to call and take her
out Cor a ride in his buggy.
Strangely enough no one could
ever be found to assert posi
tively that a buggy was or was
not standing- outside the door at
the time of the murder. No one
had seen the conveyance, but at
the same time no one would
swear that it was not there.
Then it was discovered that
Miss Harrington's friend was
ex-Senator Buck.
Here is where the strange sec
ond fatality of this tragedy
comes In. The Senator, on the
same day. was thrown from his
buggy > n Oakland, and received
injuries which resulted in his
death a few days later. He
never regained consciousness af
ter his accident, and conse
quently was unable to throw
any light on the murder.
« * *
MORTON -STREET STRANGLER.
DURING the early months of 1596
there was a regular reign of ter
ror among the denizens of Morton
street and its vicinity. The scarlet
woman for the time being was
scared from the pursuit of her
ancient and dishonorable pro
fession. The police proved ut
terly powerless to protect her,
nor was any trace of the mur
derers ever discovered. Owing
to the secrecy with which her
trade is conducted the "unfor
tunate" offers herself as an
easy prey to the midnight mur
derer. History relates many
such instances. Jack the Rip
per terrorized Whitechapel with
his butcher knife, but no trace
of the man was ever found. The
Denver strangler killed three
French and one Japanese
woman in 1894, but his identity
was never disclosed. Indeed,
when little May Smith or Ma
mie McDermott was found
strangled on the early morning
of February 10, 1896, there were
many whose first words were,
"The Denver strangler has come
to San Francisco."
In February and March,
1896, however, Morton street got
a thorough scare. Little May
Smith was a beautiful girl, only
20 years of age. Her rooms ad
joined a saloon, so that there
were two entrances,
one through the
saloon and one
■ from the
street. It was no
*^ body's business in par
ticular to note who entered
or left her apartments. The
murderer, whoever he was,
had every opportunity to
work in secret. It was only
when the rent collector called
for the pitiful dole which vice
pays to capital that the unfor
tunate girl was discovered dead,
the marks of human fingers on
her throat showing how the foul
deed had been perpetrated.
The police put a close patrol
on the street, and all sorts of
foolish tales floated around.
Among other stories was one of
a jealous woman who had
horsewhipped a man on Morton
street that night, and who had
vowed vengeance against the
inmate of one of the dens of
vice. The police examined and
cross-examined everybody they
could think of, but they
**- never got any near
er the mys-
tery. The ex
citement caused by
this crime had hardly
subsided when a month later an
other and more awful murder
occurred. In this case the vic
tim was Bertha Paradis. who
lived at 27 St. Marys street. At
2 o'clock on the morning of
March 10 her parasite, a
Frenchman named Caesar Che
bart, found her dead in her
rooms. A large handkerchief
had been literally rammed down
her throat with the aid of a car
penter's pencil. No money had
been taken from the room, and,
indeed, she had little to lose.
There was not the faintest
trace of the criminal. Her sou
teneur was obviously the last
man to have committed such an
offense, and no one knew who
had visited her during the even
ing. All this occurred right un
der the shadow of St. Mary's
Cathedral, where in those days
vice used to hold its own un
checked. The police were pow
erless, the Coroner's jury re
turned the customary verdict
of murderer unknown and the
curtain fell on the last act of
the dual tragedy.
• • »
JUST c FEW MORE CASES.
THE impunity with which burglary,
or even murder, can be committed
in the outlying parts of San Fran
cisco was never more clearly il
lustrated than in Neville's case.
JThis man, an
industrious and
honest carpenter,
came to his end at
the hands of one of
the midnight thugs
whom a lax police ad
inistration still allows
roam at large through
itreets of the city,
ivas late at night on the
November, 1895, when a
men were gathered to
gether in a little grocery store
and saloon at the corner of
Greenwich and Pierce streets.
The men were taking a final
glass preparatory to turning in
for the night, when a mysterious
looking stranger, wearing a
slouch hat, entered. He called
for a glass of beer, looked about
him as if sizing up the place
and departed.
A little later, when the grocer,
Eichorst, was about to close his
store, the man again returned,
accompanied by an equally vil
lainous companion, all the other
customers, save Neville, having
departed. The robbers held up
Eichorst with their revolvers,
but he was too quick for them.
Diving beneath the counter he
slipped out through a back door.
No one, except the murderer,
saw how Neville met his death,
but it is supposed that the rob
ber was about to shoot the es
caping grocer when Neville
seized the weapon and received
the charge intended for his
friend.
The difficulty of governing
Mongolians by laws specially
framed for Caucasians has long
been apparent. Within the
limits of Chinatown our elabo
rately organized police force is
practically powerless.
Thus, because the See Yup So
ciety happened to be at variance
with the Sam Yup, one of the
most famous characters of
Chinatown, Little Pete, was shot
early in 1597. Little Pete was
wealthy and influential; for
years he had been at the head
v.?^? ry scheme and corruption
which originated in Chinatown.
,]\l his dealings with white
political bosses were notorious.
There were many reasons why
the See Yup Society should de
sire to get rid of their formid
able enemy, the head of the Sam
Yups.
Rather than be annihilated
the See Yups put a high price on
Little Pete's head.
A still more recent case, the
details of which are still fresh
in the public mind, was the
murder of Isaac Hoffman, a
wealthy merchant, the senior
£ ar »l ne J*-,!T the firm of Hoffman.
Rothchild & Co. His murder iri
his own office, at the close of a
busy day's work, seems like a
page taken from a detective ro
mance.
Captain Lees' conduct in this
case was in strong contrast to
his treatment of the recent
Carpenter mystery. Hoffman's
relatives employed private de
tectives and strove to bring 1 the
crime home to Figel. But Figel.
unlike Lochner, was a man of
influence and position, and Lees
absolutely declined to do any
thing so outrageous as to arrest
a man on bare suspicion. When
Attorney Ach demanded Figel's
arrest Lees explained to a re
porter: "If Mr. Ach or anybody
else wants anybody arrested
there is a simple way to accom
plish it. Let them swear to a
complaint and secure a war
rant."
However, despite the fact that
the Coroner's jury declined to
specify by whom the murder
was committed. Figel was
eventually arrested, but the evi
dence produced at his trial was
totally insufficient to convict
and he was acquitted.
Another case in which the po
lice raised the futile suicide
theory occurred on the first
day of the present year. J.
H. Dow, who kept a
shooting gallery on
Kearny street, on the
Barbary Coast, was
found dead in his es
tablishment Three
small bullets, fir
ed from a 22
caliber single
barrelled pistol,
such as are com
monly used for
practice in these
had struck his head.
The Coroner, after an
autopsy, said it was
clearly murder, but Lees
stuck to his suicide theory.
J. F. ROSE-SOLEI
2324
THE KINGS ROSE DIAMOND
i
DAY by day, stone by stone, the parcel had In
creased,-and every one of the now splendid collec
tion of gems represented, not only so many pounds
sterling In hard cash, when once successfully
translated from the Klmberly compound and sort-
Ing houses to the outside world, but also many
many moments of desperate yet skillfully Hidden anxiety,
• during which the fickle needle of fate had swayed to and
fro between two poles of fortune and ruin.
■ Some men in Frank Ridley's position— he was one
• of the most trusted sorters in camp— have taken the
stones out one by one. or employed Kaffirs to take them
; from him after they had been searched and pass them
direct to one of the illicit dealers outside, but that was not
his wav He had no otner confidant than his own con
gefence not always an approving one, but at any rate one
■•• tha^o W nave n takfn "tf'StS^ut one by one would only
" have multiplied the risk of discovery and rum by he
• numbe? of them, for the disgrace and penal servitude dia
mond would have meant disgrace and penal servitude _ just
a* certaMy as would the discovery on his person ol the
whole twertv or thirty thousand pounds' worth of gems—
The very pick of the Kimberley mfne output for nearly six
tn0 So hS one afternoon he made up his mind that he had
tempted the fates far enough, and at 6 that evening he
S'loffto his lodgings with his heart in his mouth and
a fortune In the lining of his somewhat shabby felt wide
aW That night albeit with some little fear and trembling,
he permiufd himself the luxury of a few minutes 'exam
lhatlon of his plunder in bulk, and an estimate of its value
—not to him but to the more fortunate man who should
• succeed in getting the parcel through safely to London or
Amsterdam. If he could only do that himself he would
never need to do another day's work in the world-but he
" was an employe, a sorter, and therefore a marked man,
a\fd the s^ret ramifications of the wonderful system,
which inclosed him and all like him as in a net were many
- an Yo ld that risk was too great, considering that he could
now make £4000 or £5000 in an hour or so, and at the same
time transfer all his risk and liability to some one else,
and go back to his work with a light heart and, in a cer
talae^s rC onrma nn g CC nn e iflcent rose diamond, which
must have weighed somewhere between 40 and o0 carats,
which he would dearly have loved to see nicely cut and pol
ished and glittering on the neck or in the hair of a certain
well-loved some one far away in old Carlisle; but he knew
well enough that there was not another of its size and
color in the world. The nrarest to it was in the De Beers
coUectfonTand the mere possession of it by any one but _a
•monarch or a millionaire would mean just what T h n i™ n
possession of it meant, so there was no use thinking about
With something very like a Agh for the u na taina b
possibiUties of his so far successful theft, he tied up the
gems in a bit of dirty rag and stuffed this into the toe or a
"rather dilapidated Wellington boot. Then ne had a wash
and a change and went for a walk down town.
On his way along Stockdale street he chanced to meet
a well-dressed, dapper-looking little man, who nodded to
him as one might do to a casual acquaintance, and said In
a quick, chirpy sort of tone:
: "How do Ridley? S n af.i/' rO he vSll. 1 . Sitt. a <,u,ck
"Pretty well Mr Muratti." he replied, with a quick
look up and down the street. "Return* are looking r up
again. We've had some very pretty finds the last daj or
■ "On, glad to hear it, even from a man who wastes his
.opportunities as idiotically as you do. Anything partlcu
■larlv- S y h I ( ]| c yy p S Are you doing anything in second-hand
• °°It rnav here' be conveniently explained tnat the gentle
man with whom young Ridley had thus fallen into con
versation was; in thosi days, known In camp as Mickey
Muratti The wider world knows him now as Michael Mu
ratti Bsa L a., and director of many important flnan
' cir.l undertakings. But in those days he was just an ex
tremely clever man, a Jew of reputed Florentine ancestry,
but more recent and authentic East End extraction, who
had made his debut in Kimberly as a dealer in cheap iew
elrv and slop-made tfits— after havini wandered about
picking up a living by the display of his Juggling anilities
—and who was now looked upon as one of the smartest
'.and nlost successful "operators" on the diamond fields.
Inspector Lipinzki and some of his mqre trusted subor
• dinatf-* cherished certain suspicions as to the scope of his
operations, but so far his dealings had been Dlameiess, at
lea«=t so far as tangible evidence was concerned, added to
hich he had recently married a very pretty and exceed
• ir.jdy clever wife, which meant much on tne ilelds In those
a *Mr MnrattJ did not seem in the least annoyed by the
apparent r< ference to his former comparatively humble
means of livelihood. On the contrary he looked up with a
quick glance at Ridley, and said with a smile of pleasant
"Well I haven't done anything in the old clo' line for
some time now, but you know I'm always on for a trade.
What's the figure?"
' "Ten thousand." ■ ■• ''*'■*
"I'll see you— l mean I'd like to see the gnoas first be
fore I Bay anything to that. It's a big price for a pair of
second-hand boots, you know, Mr. Ridley. Still, Fm glad
to see that lure beginning to rise to a proper sense of
your opportunities. When can I see the boots?"
"I was thinking of taking them down to Tooley's to
morrow about this time to have them soled and heeled.'
"So you're on to that lay, arc you? Well, you're not
Fuch a blighted idiot as I though you wer». Ridley; so I
apologize. I shall be sending to Toojey's myself— but. look
here if we mean business whnt's the good of wasting time
like that? Oo and get your boots now and take them to
Tooley's. He isn't Bhut, and he's got a pair of mine to
mend. I'll be there in half an hour, ana ir I take your
parcel away with me instead of my own, what's that to
anybody but you or me?". .
It wasn't altogether a new device, but It worked, and
In the result Mr. Muratti's valuation of the boots was so
far satisfactory that about two hours later Frank Ridley
went home with a check for £2500 and an T O U for a like
abount in his pocket, and a pair of another man's boots
under his nrm, neatly wrapped up in a eupy of tile Dia
mond Fields Independent. The check wns on Lloyd's
Bank, London, amd was payable, not to Frank Ridley, but
to Miss Alice Ransome. The IOU was personal, but both
•went to England by the next mall.
There occurs here the unpleasant necessity or adding
that the check was stopped by cable lonar before Miss
Ransome had any chance of presenting it. The fate of the
IOU was to be determined later on. Meanwhile Mr.
Frank Ridley's thoughts turned homeward • and mingled
with loving memories and fond anticipations.
That same night, between 11 and 12, Mr. Muratti had a
visit from a man of his own people, a youth of some 21
summers, whope life had so far been mostly winter. Not
many of the seed of Abraham run to wajfte, at any rate
in the financial senso. but Joshua Mosensteln. known for
short in camp as Jossey Mo, had somehow managed to
do s"
He was distantly related to Mickey Muratti, and
THE HESSIAN FLY'S DEADLY , WORK IN OUR GRAIN FIELDS.
THE most deadly fne for grain I
fields is the Hessian fly. The
last ten years or so have se^n ;
England invaded by this foreign 1
foe, but for more than a cen
tury he had already been a great
scourge in America, where he first
acquired the name of Hessian fly dur
ing the Revolutionary War, through j
the popular belief that he had been im
ported from Europe into Pennsylvania i
by the Hessian troops employed as j
mercenaries of George 111 in his fruit
less struggle against the revolted colo
nies. Thp Yankee farmers, finding their
crops devastated by a p->st till then un
known, came at once to the conclusion
that their enemy, King George, had
sent the two plagues, human and en
tomological, over sea together.
One school of disputants claim the
Hessian fly is a native of the Old \
World, and that its first home coincided j
araln and again that rising financier had, with the tra
ditional generosity of his people to their kindred, meta
phorically taken him out of the gutter and set him on his
feet on the pavement. The subject of their interview that
particular night was closely akin to this species of rescue
work. No one else was present, and Mr. Muratti bpoke
plainly and to the point.
"It iust comes to this., Jossey, he said, toward the end
of the discussion, "you'll never be any good to yourself or
any credit to your relations as long as you go sloshing
around in this good-for-nothing way of yours. Now here 8
a good solid chance for you. Do as I tell you, man. Own
up and play the greeney. You won't get more than five
years as a first offender, and if you behave yourself you 11
get out with three. I know the ropes down yonder; don t
you fear, and I'll pull 'em hard for you. Then when you
come out there's five thousand for you in solid cash and a
thousand a year for live years after that. Now, Jossey,
what do you say to that?"
"What do you want me to be trapped at all for?' the
tempted Joshua objected rather sulkily. "If you've got the
gonfvahs, why don't you plant 'em somewhere safe and
run 'em down when you get a chance, like the others do?"
"Because I don't do business like the others," replied
Mickey with an air of conscious pride, "and because I'm
playing a deeper game and for a bigger stake. It's this
way, you see. Ridley and me were shadowed wl>le we
were talking in Stockdale street. He didn't see it. but I
did, and that's what made me think of this lay. We
were shadowed again at Tooley s, and I was followed
home here by one of the smouches.
"Now, Lipinzki's no fool, and neither i? Fox, nor Ixnve,
nor any of them. What do I want talking to Ridley for
just after he's come out of the sorting room? What do I
WHEN THE DIAMOND DETECTIVES FLUNG OPEN THE DOOR THE PLOTTERS WERE REODY WITH THEiR PLfJN.
want to meet him again the same night at a boot store
and bring a pair of his boots home by mistake for?
"I'll tell you Jossey, these chaps know as well as T do
that I took "a parcel of sum.es from Ridley to-night, and
before long Lir.inzki will be here With a search warrant
to look for th< m. Now, If he doesn't rin<l any he'll reckon
that I've planted 'em. and I'm going to run 'em, as you
say. That means that we shall be watched, and that . wry
one who goes out of camp, any one belonging to
me, will be stopped and searched, and bo the Missis '11
have about, as much chance of getting those stones down
to Cape Town and on to the steamer as I would.
"Now see mow my p\i\r. works out They know I've
got stones from Ridley, but they don't know what stones
—see? They come here with th.ir warrant., arrest ;is both,
and search us, find this other little lot on you. and jump
to the conclusion that th< y're the right on<-«. and mat I've
just given 'em to you. But there's no proof of that, and
they can't get one! for you'll play the funk, own up, and
swear you Bought em from a Kaffir, while t do the Indig
nant virtuous lay.
"You needn't be afraid of Ridley. They don t want h!m
yet. They'll wait for him. and nab him when convenient.
it's me they want. De Beers would give <••. good bit Just
now to plant me on the breakwater for a few years while
[ with that of our primitive cereals,
Southern Europe and Western Asia.
1 Another school, anxious to make out
] the enemy an American citizen, fights
hard for its. being an aboriginal inhab
itant of the United States. Thus much,
at least, is certain, that at the present
day the "fly" is found in both hemis
pheres in too great abundance, and j
j thnt in America in particular in cer- j
I tain disastrous years it has almost j
ruined the entire wheat crop. The loss
produced by this insignificant little
creatuie, indeed, has in some seasons
been measured only by millions of
dollars.
If you go out into a barley-field in
England where the Hessian fly tas ef
fected his entrance, you will probably
find a large number of plants of barley,
with the stem bent down sharply to
; ward the ground at the second joint,
: says the Strand Magazine. At first
I sight you might imagine these stalks
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
were merely broken by the wind or
fallen by their own weight; but if you
examine them closely In the neighbor
hood of the bend, which occurs with
singular unanimity in all the affected
plants at about the same point, you
will find inside the sheath of the blade,
v. here it encircles the stem, a curious
little body which the farmers with
rough eloquence have agreed to de
scribe as a "flax-seed." If you watch
the development of the "flax-seed,"
again, you will find that it is not a seed
at all, but the pupa-case (or rather the
grub-shell) of a small winged insect;
and it is the life-history of this insect,
the Hessian fly, that I now propose to
sketch for you in brief outline.
The mother fly in nature Is but a
small black gnat, belonging to the same
group as our old friend, the mosquito.
You will observe that she is a fairy
like creature, for all her wickedness:
she has two delicately fringed wings
(with "poisers" behind them), a pair
of long antennae with beaded joints,
six spindle legs, and a very full and
they put this amalgamation business through. That s
where my game comes in. This parcel should pan out at
£30,000 at the very least, and that's just what I want to
fight these amalgamators on their own ground.
"If I got nabbed, the whole game would be up; bu-t If
you go for me, Jossey, I'll make my fortune, and yours,
too, my pippin. Muratti will go flying up skyhitrh. and it
won't be a matter of thousands then, Jossey, it'll be mil
lions, my boy— millions, and you shall have your share
when you come out. never fear. 
"You know, if you were left to yourself, Jossey, you a
never make a thousand in a century of blue moons, let
alone ten thousand in three years, or so. Come, now,
what do you say? You'll have to look sharp, for they may
be here any minute— ah, yes, 1 thought so; there's the om
clal knock. Now, don't act the goat, and My in the face of
good fortune. Here's the gonivahs. That's it; in your
waistcoat pocket. Now button your caa.\.. That'll dp!"
"Well gentlemen, g I evening. *what can Ido for
you this evening, if it isn't morning already?"
"You can hand over that parcel of diamonds you got
from Frank Ridley to-night, Mr. M nd then yon
can come with us.'"' replied Inspector Llpinzki, politely l>ut
!~till a trifle stiffly. "I've a search warra.nl here, bui you';!
save v.* a lot of trouble and yourself and household a lot
of Inconvenience by passing over the stonea at once. We
know they're In the 6otls<
"Then you know a mighty lot mor.- about my house
than I do myself, Mr. Lu-inzki," snapped the little man,
somewhat viciously. "There an- no diamonds here but
what are my own lawful property, and they're all cut
stones so I'm afraid 1 can't give you what you've come
f,,,- But of course If you're gol a warrant you can act
on it— though it's a piece of most unwarrantable tyranny.
And this a British colony, too. V\ by don t they call it
penal settlement and have done with it. Shall I ask my
wife to get up and come down?"
"I hope there'll be no n jsslty for that, replied the
Inspector with a pleasant smile. "But now. gentlemen, we
must icet to work, please. It Isn't pleaaani for any of us,
I know, but It's our d I must be ■!"•■'
The formality resulted exactly as the astute Mickey had
 j v _«,,i/» Thf» diamonds — a parcel of stones
predicted it would. The ■ dlamonjjj-a ffS^JSK
perfection that was by nc .means aH art indignant rela-
Mickej ,ol court £• " P f ac tor without a flaw, not only
tlve and dlsa l'P ol rl,^ry but at the police court the
at the moment of «soovery^ du^«
next morning. So f f''^i' S inter se disgust, the mag
that to VT>d to sen P d the ch?ef criminal to the special
istrate refused to , send the Drovicling generously for the
dSs^o/hfser^ng^relative P he left the courthouse a tri-
Unn n h t ; siu'n? ofThe nn P eclal court Jossey got five
vph^ and the same train which took him to Cape Town
yenrs. ami tnt . al ">- . jyjU.nael Muratti, who, for rea
happened a so to take Mrs Micnae lncrease of the
SOn H # Abraham nad been advised to take a trip to Eu
roS ?o avoid th\: worst of the hot season in Klmoerley.
r ™«J?r. a t ■ Jnfnyki still had his suspicions, but even they
d?d P no eoWr is to put a value of about £30,000 on the
high and hoilow heels of the lady's dainty French-made
boots.
11.
Nearly five years later Michael Muratti Esq was sit
ting at the writing table in the library of bis town resi
dence in Lancaster Gate. He was reading a letter and
swearing softly under his breath at every line of it. When
ne had read it through for the second time he crushed it
ud in his hand and .stuffed it into his trousers pocket, went
"ml stood on the hearthrug with his short sturdy legs
wide apart, and said to a life-sized portrait of nlmself
which hung in the middle of the opposite Trail: _ .
••X.i busi me if i do! I've been generous to both of
them, and 1 can't «tick it any longer. I'll give 'em just
another thousand apiece for old times' sake, and that s
the loi Hi If a million apiece, whew! Why don't tney ask
for the whol« caboodle at once? I'll see them selling fried
ftsh first."
The explanation of this resolution may|be briefly given
as follows: Thanks to • semplary behavior and a certain
amount of Judlciou ily applied influence, Mr. Muratti's
had got off With a little over three years. The
day he came out he received the welcome mit not unex
pected Intelligence that, through the death of a relative in
London he had come into b X) ready cash, and prop
,,<\ securities yielding about another thousand a
year.
The same evening he renewed the acquaintance of
Prank Ridley, who had been discharged without any as
signed reason a few we< Its after th< greal coup which had
proved 90 worthless to him. The bank had been advised
by cable that a leaf bad been stolen out of Mr. Muratti's
London check book, and cautioned not to easn any checks
without further notice. Hence, the first JJ2SUO n;ui not been
pal i. The I o v Mr. Muratti had laughed at. The stones
Bad cost him quite enough already, or would do before he
swollen body. She rfeeds that swollen
body, for she is a mighty egg-layer.
She Hies about on the stubbles In Sep
tember and lays her egss on the self
sown barley plants and on the after
growth of the cut crops; as well as in
spring (a second brood) on the new
sproutingr barley.
The eggs are extremely minute, and
are pale orange in color, with reddish
dots. Most of them are deposited on
the leaf itself, or on the sheath or tube
which forms its lower portion.
She lays her eggs wii.n the head end
downward, and as soon as the tiny
grub hatches, which it does about the
fourth day, it emerges from the snel'
and walks straight down toward the
stem, at the point where the protecting
leaf sheaf is wrapped closely round it.
The worm forces itself in between the
stem and the sheath, and after walking
steadily for four hours, at the end erf
which time it has covered a record
space of nearly three inches. It arrives
at the joint, where the sheath b^-pins.
and so finds Its way blocked by the par
tition wall; it can get no farther. Here
had done with Jossey, and he didn't propose to pay any
Dl °lt" was a case of dog eating dog, but Ridley could do
nothing without disclosing the whole transaction, and that
would mean not less that ten years on the breakwater for
him, and so he grinned and bore it, and waited till Josgey
Meanwhile Mr. Muratti grew and flourished exceeding
ly. Everything he touched turned either to gold or dia
monds—though he never touched anything illicit after th*
dSt He S was a quite a great man. now, but. as every on*
knows him there is no need to repeat that, and there was
not a cloud on his financial or social horizon save his con
nection with Jossey and the present impossibility of get
ting introduced to the Prince of Wales.
He had given Ridley a couple of thousand in cash on
Jossey's strong representation, and fondly thought that
would settle his unprovable claim for pood, but that was
Just where he had made the biggest mistake of his life.
Jossey came out of penal servitude a very different person
to the shiftless ne'er-do-weel that he was wnen he entered
It. It had done him a lot of good. It had put backbone
into him, and. besides, he had learned many things that ne
wotted not of before. .  ,
After more than three years of penal toil and disci
pline, embittered by deprivation of all creature comforts,
it was only in the course of nature when he regained his
freedom and found himpeif in command of plenty of money
he should be strongly inclined to compensate himself for
his vicarious sufferings on a somewhat liberal scale.
It was in this humor that Ridley had found him. He
had made a little money, more or less honestly, since his
discharge, and so there was no suggestion of sponging.
But he was very sore Still about the check and the IOU,
and in Jossey he thought he saw the means of getting
square with the millionaire who had done him such an
unscrupulous "shot in the eye."
To this end he worked both skillfully and successfully
on the ex-eonviet's feelings until he came to look upon
himself as a martyr and Michael Muratti as a monster of
ingratitude. What were a few paltry thousands to the
millions that were literally rolling in— the millions that
would never have been his if he, Joshua, had not born©
the penalty of his crime? He had the plainest right to a
good substantial share of them, and so. too, for the matter
of that, had the man from whom Mickey had so dishon
estly obtained the stones on which his new fortunes had
been founded.
As time wentson these arguments werr very strongly
enforced by the fnct that the aforesaid "paltry tnousands *
did not go "very far when Mr. Joshua Mosenstein had once
learned the joys of spending money with the cheerful free
dom that is born of a sure and certain hope that when it
is done there will be plenty more forthcoming. The logical
result was that these two worthies, now rast friends in a
common object, had made demand after demand on the
apparently bottomless purse of the multi-millionaire, un
til at last a certain fact had come to their knowledge
which, after due deliberation together, had Inspired them
to write the joint letter that had so disturDed Mr. Murat
ti's equanimity.
They traveled home by the same mailboat which car
ried their Utter, and on the morning following its delivery
they paid a visit to the millionaire at his West End man
sion. The Interview was not exactly a friendly one. Mr.
Muratti blustered, and his visitors qui^tiy but firmly
doubled their already exorbitant demands.
The man of millions threatened to have them put Into
the street, and broadly hinted at the advisability of giving
them into custody n.« r>lackmailers. That brought matters
to a head in a somewhat dramatic fashion. Tn,e ex-sorter
t"i>k out hi* pocket book and produced from it a half Kheet
of note paper, on which was pasted a short newspaper cut
ting, lie handed it to the millionaire and said:
"That's from the Cape Times, Mr. Muratti. Do you
think you could throw any- light on the sunject? I have
an idea that you could, especially with our assistance. De
Beers would give a good deal to know how that stone got
away. I believe they would even accept me as queen's
evidence to get the mystery cleared up. What do you
think?"
With slowly widening eyes and sinking heart, the man
of many millions, and more ambitions, read the cutting.
It ran thu^:
Tho King of the Belgians has just indulged in
his well-known taste for gems by the addition to
his already priceless collection of a magnificent
rose-colored diamond, weighing nearly tnirty carats
in its cut state. His Majesty Is rumored to have
paid the enormous price of a thousand pounds a
carat to the Amsterdam merchant of whom he
bought it. In c>lor and water it is the exact coun
terpart of the famous rose diamond in the De Beers
collection, but it Is much larger.
Its origin Is involved in some little mystery. The
merchants from whom his Majesty ptireha-efl it
affirm that the dealer from whom they bought it
declared that it was an ancient Eastern gem recut
in Amsterdam, but experts who have seen it state
With equal positiyeneSß that it is a Kfmherley stone
A runr r reaches us from Diamondopnlis that a
certain Kaffir, who has since disappeared, boasted
one night in his cups, just after he had been dis
charged from the Kimberley compound, that he had
found the biggest rooi-klipne (red stone) that ever
was found on the fields. If this Is trw» the stone
r.t ver reached tho diamond room at De Beers'. It is
just possible that some of the I. D. B. fraternity
could throw some lipht on the subsequent wander
ings of the "mool rooi-klippe" of which the van
ished Kaffir boasted.
Frank Ridley and Joshua Mosenstein watched the mil
lionaire's changing face narrowly as he read. When they
saw that he had finished. Ridley'safd qufeflyr
"I can find that Kaffir If necessary. Mr. Muratti Of
course, the diamond law does not hold good in this coun
try, but the laws as to conspiracy and dealing in stolen
goods do. If De Beers prosecuted they would find mv
evidence worth buying. Jossey here has done hla time
and could make a clean breast of it without fear and «o
the only one who could be touched would be "
"Oh. that'll do:" exclaimed the millionaire, in a last
burst of despairing anger. "What do you want?"
"I want half a million down, and another half in ap
proved securities— preferably De Beers," replied Ridley
"and as a matter of principle. I must have that check in
favor of Miss Ransome duly honored. A millionaire's wifp
should be above suspicion."
"And I want a million, too," chimed In Mr. Mosenstein
"same way as Frank wants his. And what's more. Mickey
Muratti." he went on. shaking his finger in his face "«s
you disgraced me bj; sending me to the Breakwater for
your crime, you must restore my credit in the eves of the
society that I shall go into now by making your wife let
me marry that pretty little sister Rebecca of hprs that I
have loved oil my life. Shp was always fond of me and
will have me when I am a millionaire, "i flare say you can
spare her a rteoont marriage portion."
They were big terms, but Mr. Muratti did not vet de
spair of being Introduced to the Prince of Wales "and so
in the end he yielded. A few weeks later two new-made
South African millionaires, one English s«d one Hebrew
blossomed forth, each In his congenial sphere of London
society. A little later on there were two spfendid wed
d l n fw- 'l?. d> " ntil th ,f, se lino , s a PP ear in Print, the "mystery
of the King s rose diamond will remain unsolved '
GEORGE GRIFFITH
CopyriKhted, 1898, by S. S. McClure Co. *ai*l.
then the young grub stops, wedged
tightly in between the leaf sheaf and
the stem, and with its head pointing
downward. Being a hungry, and there
fore an industrio-up. creature, it at once
gets to work to eat the barley plant.
How much damage this action does
to the crop you can best understand
by a glance at the two contrasted Il
lustrations. Look on the "seven well
favored ears" of barley, unaffected by
Hessian fly, and with the grains richly
filled out, as the farmer desires theni.
Then notice the "seven lean ears," at
tacked by the fly. You will observe,
by the way, that I speak throughout of
barley, not of wheat. This is because
in England, where these sketches arc
studied,, the time of wheat sowing is
such that the wheat has so far escaped
the pest— the female flies are all deid
before the crop has sprouted — whereas
in America the "fall wheat" comes up
at the exact moment when the female
Hessian fly is abroad and scouring the
fields In search of plants on which to
lay the eggs of her future generations.
In England, therefore, it ia barley alone
which is largely attacked; and sinca
barley is mainly used for malting, to
make beer or whisky, the teetotaler
may perhaps reflect with complao?ncv
that the fly is merely playing the game
of the United Kingdom Temperance Al
liance.
The grub eats and eats, in his safe
cradle between the sheath and the
stem, till he is ready to pass into the
adult condition.
The succeeding illustrations show the <
successive stages through which it*
passes before complete emancipation.
It is a curious fart, however, that in
spite of all the apparent pains be
stowed upon securing the perpetuation
of such destructive creatures as the
Hessian fly. the pest itself has its own
enemies, as fatal to its life as it is to
the barley. Ichneumon flies and other
parasites prey by millions on the Hes
sian fly in its grub condition; and
many good authorities believe that the
safest w»v of checking the depreda
tions of the barley-plague is by en
couraging the multiplication of its nat
ural enemies.RAISING PEARLY TO SELL
USING WAX TO START PEARLS IN AN lOWfl OYSTER BED.
TRUE pearls, produced by artlfl
ficial means, is the latest com
mercial product of science in this
country. The man who an
■ nounced that he has successfully
•;•,-.' accomplished this is Vane Sim
• .nionds of Cedar Rapids. lowa, and he
,"••• says that anybody who has access to a
: Vbnd-.v of fresh water containing shell
' ■flsVcan grow his own pearls and be
sure they are genuine.
.-S ■'Th-- matter of producing pearls by
. -artificial means is not entirely new,
;/iat;Jlr. Simm experiments are the
' fl'rs.t that have lead to making it a
■ '-.matter of commercial importance. The
.-custom, to a certain extent, has been
:"":pr&cticed in China for centuries, al
.' 'though in this instance it seems to be
. ' -mpre in the nature of a freak than any
=."- taring else. The ordinary fresh water
. .mussel or clam is used, and the work
■ is- .done, along the banks of Lake Reiva.
"Here the efforts are directed to produc
■ -ing. figures and symbols for sale as
• .curios. For some seasons they do not
■.seem to be able to produce the round
pe.ar!s .that have a high marketable
: -value.
• ■■!. -Superb "pictures" of Buddha and flat
. .rpearl-lik^ disks are produced by in
•serting: between the mantle and shell
■.'• of .the .mollusk small tinfoil figrures of
.VBuddha, or small hemispherical disks
;-. which in time become coated by the
•■.:pg-arly nacre.
. f; : Experiments of a like nature, with
/ ■ t.-h- -"rough-shelled" unios of Cedar
. -.-River, lowa, have been practiced by
• -;Mt.- Simmonds the past three years,
.with fair success.
-.v. A.h average sized shell, or shells, from
.tf Section of the river's bed known to
•-.produce brilliantly lustered shells, were
' -allowed to lain in the sun until the
■ '-valves parted. With a quickly insert
ed "wedge in the opening, the shell was
• immediately dipped in water to sustain
-• life. ' The operator then carefully
.ilfted the mantle from the shell, and,
w-ith .a pah of tweezers, dropped in a
pellet -of wax, glass bead, or other
sn\all article, desirous of having coat
,e.d;-.care being taken not to strain
..the' . muscles by forcing the wedge,
t while the clam is resisting the intru-
EJori: ■
• After the objects are placed in that
part of the mussel showing the best
color, the mantle is drawn to place, the
wedge removed, and the shell allowed
to .resume its normal condition. With
a sufficient number "fixed" in the
above described manner, they are then
' -placed in a pond or bayou, that will
nirt freeze its depth in winter.
At the expiration of six months, or
one year at most, the unlo will have
■ •thrown over these irritating foreign
.fubstances a nacreous covering that
reciirely fastens them to the shell. Us
. ually about two-thirds of the object
FISHING FOR OYSTERS ON THE NEW FREE OYSTER BEDS. OFF THE SHORE OF BOY FARM ISLAND, ALfIMEDA.
' thus fastened remains above the shell; ,
'though it is presumed that in time the j
: natural growth of the shell would en
j tirely efface this.
A clay marble, one-half inch in diam- j
i eter, was found after six months to be
'entirely covered; the top half showing
some color, while the bottom portion j
j had been "hilled up" to meet the di- ;
ameter, thereby solidly embedding the >.
whole.
Another method is to drill a hole I
: where the object is to bo placed, and j
; then corking or cementing the open- I
ing. But the drill point ruptures the j
! mantle, and the pellet drops into the j
; body of the animal, where it be>
I lost, or is forced out while the mollusk
: is feeding.
To produce a good marketable pearl
takes about three years. When this is
desired the shell is opened in the way
described and a tiny grain of "ground"
sand inserted. Pand of this kind has
> a rough surface and causes a rapid de
LESSONS THAT SPAIN HAS TAUGHT US IN THE WAR.
Washington dispatch to the Sunday Call — "All naval ships In the future will
receive smokeless powder. To American volunteers will also be supplied as rap
idly as possible v smokeless brand of explosive for their smallarms. To nil the
maVazii'-f'S of. tho new ships now in commission and the battle-ships under con
struction. Cantain O'Nell has estimated that it least 2,600,000 pounds of the ex
plosive will be necessary. The department has made every effort to procure
AND so Spain Is our schoolmaster
after all. She bought up to date
rifles and smokeless powder, while
our great government, controlled
by hide bound experts and fat
contractors with a "pull." was
fighting- inventors and driving them out
of the country.
This is why foreign governments— an
"effete concern" like Spain, for in
stance — have had us at a disadvantage.
We were handicapped because of
Spain's smokeless powder and superior
rifles. Every American gun fired threw
up a cloud of smoke, showing the Span
iards exactly where to shoot to hit a
Yankee.
At the battle of San Juan "the Sev
enty-first regiment boys," said Richard
Harding Davis, "were mowed down by
hundreds, the Spanish being aided in
their destructive work by the use of
smokeless powder, thus puzzling our
men in their attempts to locate the
enemy."
•of the seventy-five men who started
up the hill in the face of a destructive
Spanish fire fifty-three are now dead."
—Herald dispatches, July 4 and 13.
On the return of the wound»-d by the
steamer Olivette to New York, Private
Joseph E. Smith said:
•'The only trouble was that when the
men fired their old Springflelds th.'v
raised such a smoke they drew a rain
of Mauser bullets, and for this reason
they had to be withdrawn from the
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
posit of nacre immediately after being
put in. It also.muves around consid
erably through having a large quan
tity of this fluid to move In. This
causes it to become almost absolutely
spherical and very light in color. It
also follows that as the nacre is de
posited all over the grain of sand in
stead of on one side only it takes
longer to get on a coating of a certain
thickness.
After a year there will be a pearl
about the size of a birdshot and at
the end of three years it will be large
enough to have a marketable value.
Pearls from fresh water, however, do
not bring the high prices that salt
water pearls do. They are never as
bright nor as strong in color, but have
more of a leaden appearance. This is
caused by the different action of salt
water and fresh water on the lime of
which thf 1 pearl is principally com
posed. But it is difficult for any but
an expert to tell the two kinds of pearl
BY HUDSON MAXIM.
trenches. Even then I saw some of
their men turn and run back to the
firing line."
Private Thomas, of Company E, Six
teenth Infantry, shot in the thigh, and
Private Glugg, shot in the hip, of Com
pany C, Sixth Infantry, both agree that
the only trouble was with the smoke
of the Springfield rifles, which made it
necessary to withdraw the regimei.t
after it had suffered terribly.
For years the inventors of these im
proved war Implements have vainly
bombarded the government at Wash
ington. The objections against Ameri
can devices were thicker than Spanish
barnacles at Santiago.
Hiram Maxim, an American, born in
Maine, was forced to sell his famous
rapid fire gun in Europe. With other
governments Spain bought a lot of
them.
Twenty years ago the "barbaric"
Bashl-Bazouks and Turks mowed down
the Russians with Henry and Winches
ter rifles adopted from an American
pattern which the Government refused
to buy on the ground that the gun was
too complicated. But for its vast ar
mies Russia would have been defeated i
because of its inferior arms. It shows
ignorance or dishonesty to say that :
American guns, used by barbarous
Bashl-Bazouks and Indians witfi terri
ble effect, are too complicated for ]
American soldiers.
The history of smokeless powder in <
this country reflects severely on the
Government. In 18S4 the Navy Depart- 1
ment practically pronounced it a fall- 1
STARTING PEARLS IN SELECTED OYSTERS IN EAST INDIAN WATERS.
apart unless they are placed side by
side.
It is also said that pearl divers about
Ceylon have a habit of inducing pearl
growth in this same manner, although
it is a dangerous industry.
Only a diver of the most expert kind
dare attempt it. These men have cer
tain outward signs by which they can
make a good guess as to the pearl
producing quality of oysters. They
claim that oysters with very rough
shells, having a certain kind of
"whorl" to the grain of the shell are
capable of producing the best pearls
and the largest.
Of course a perfectly appearing oy
ster may not contain any pearls, and
if it is once removed from ita clinging
place on the rock all hope for the fu
ture is destroyed. In order to be
sure of a pearl the pearl diver inserts
I a grain of sand between the shell and
the mantle and then waits for it to
, grow.
But the act of inserting the grain of
1 sand is not quite as simple as might
: appear. There are several reasons for
; this, the principal one being that the
| oyster is likely to keep closed as lons
jas there is anything unusual going
on.
To overcome this it Is necessary for
the diver to watch his chance. This
' means that he must stay near the oy
ster as long as his breath will permit
: him and wait for it to open its shell.
! This may not happen in a hundred
i trips to the bottom, and it may hap
; pen the first time the diver sees tha
oyster.
When the diver does find the shell
open he quickly inserts the plug and
! then goes to the top for a breath of
1 air. His next work is to insert the
; grain of pand. which is done with a
, pair of tweezers. The piug is then
withdrawn and the oyster left to de
velop the pearl.
After this is done the diver devotes
his efforts to watching that particular
| pearl oyster. He makes it a business
smokeless powder, even going so far as to purchase a supply abroad.
"Although the Army Ordnance Bureau has a reserve supply of fifty thousand
Krag-Jorgensen rifles, It Is not proposed to place- thtun in iht* hands of the vol
unteers. Those troops will r. tain the Springfield rifles, but they will be supplied
with smokeless powder cartridges.
"The campaign against Santiago has demonstrated the vital importance of
equipping all our troops with smokeless powder."
ure for war use. The Inventor was
driven out of business. A few years
later an "Improved" half breed, alleg
ed smokeless powder, tho product not
of the original inventor, but of a Gov
ernment powder sharp, was proclaimed
excellent for small guns, and it was
hoped that it would be soon adopted
for cannon.
This explains why the United States
had non. when the war burst upon the
country. Spain was well provided with
the porder that Washington experts
had declared a failure.
Hudson Maxim, inventor of smoke
less powder, and formerly associated
with his brother Hiram, the gun inven
tor, said to a Call correspondent yes
terday:
"I sent Sampson some smokeless
powder several years ago. It lay at
Indian Head, and he would not use it
because he said it contained nine per
cent nitro-glycerlne. But the navy is
now using cordite on the New Orleans
which contaii.r ~o per cent of nitro-gly
cerine.
."'The Spaniards have used smokeless
powder with terrible effect. When our
ships opened on the forts they fired a
while and then had to retire for the
smoke to clear away."
The cost of our war with Spain above
what it would have been had we been
prepared is difficult even of approxima
tion. I doubt if there would have been
war had Spain believed we were ready.
Spain and other European countries
thought she would have the best of the
fight for a time. The world has been
to see that nobody else finds it. Thi»
is done by covering It •with sea weed
and keeping it from sight as much as
possible. His next work is to keep it
supplied with food. He hangs what
he thinks the oyster will like just in
front of it, so that when it opens its
shell the food will almost fall into It.
Scientists declare the oyster does not
eat this stuff, but the pearl diver holds
a different opinion.
And when the period for the pearl's
development is up the pearl diver
breaks the oyster from the rock, takes
it to the surface and breaks it open.
Perhaps he may be disappointed, per
haps he has a fortune. There ar«
Innumerable instances to prove both
cases.
It Is authenticated that a pearl
diver at Ceylon, after "fixing" an oy
ster, found on breaking it open that
it contained two other pearls, larger
than the one he had given so much
time to developing. All were magni
ficent gems and the diver spent the rest
of his days in luxury'- A diver who
has failed in this feat seldom tries it
a second time.
There is no reason why pearls should
not be artificially induced in the oy
sters that are found along the Pacific
Coast. Some of those from Mexico
have yielded splendid pearls and occa
sionally one is found in the vicinity
of San Diego.
While the oysters from San Francisco
Bay occasionally yield small pearls it
is next to impossible to induce them
by artificial means. It has been tried
frequently and has always resulted in
disappointment. The cause for this is i
the water, which is neither salt nor j
fresh. Wind and tide cause the water
of fhe bay to constantly change, so j
that one day it may be nearly all salt ,
and the next day nearly all fresh. Or
dlnarily it is a mixture of both. This
of course prevents an even deposit of
lime so that it cracks and peals and j
eventually becomes only a ridge on the
shell.
taught a lesson, not only by a reminder
of the fighting: qualities of the Ameri
can character, but that with the Amer
ican patriotism comes first and poli
tics afterward, with the country united
against all comers. We have also our
selves been taught a lesson which the
country ought not soon to forget — the
"It Is a crime for a nation not to be
abreast of the times In arms and equip
ments. Improved guns and ammuni
tion are but means of saving life. The
fort is as humanitarian In Its nature as
the lighthouse, and the seacoast gun
as much an implement of mercy as the
gun that throws the lifeline to a strand
ed wreck.
"Had our troops before Santiago been
fully equipped with automatic machine
guns, Mauser rifles, with smcrkeless
powder, and siege guns throwing high
explosives, the loss would probably not
have been more than one-tenth as great
as reported.
"For soldiers to go Into the filed in
this mechanical age with single-loading
guns, like the Springfit-ld rifle, of short
range and high-angle fire, throwing
big slugs of lead, with black gunpow
der, Is an outrage against every man
who fights. For Americans, who lead
the world in Inventions, to be forced to
use obsolete arms and face Spaniards
with Mauser rifles and smokeless pow
der is a crime.
"In many ways American officials are
more responsible for the loss of life at
Santiago than the Spaniards. If it has
been the fault of the Army and Navy
departments then Coneress can do its
FREE OYSTER BEDS
ON THE ALAMEDA SHORE
They Were Accidentally Discovered by a Small Boy Hunting for Clams, and Now Hundreds of People Are
Grappling There for Oysters.
AMONG many other blessings
California ran now boast of a
public oyster bed. Absolutely
free to everybody. Go over
and help yourself. You -will
find the bivalves as fine as any
you ever tasted and be perfectly sure
that they are fresh.
This oyster bed is about two or three
miles below Bay Farm Island on the
Alameda shore. There are two ways
of reaching It. One Is to take a boat
and row around Bay Farm Island; the
other is to cross the creek in Alameda,
walk down the road a few hundred
feet and then cut over the marsh to
the bay shore.
There will be no trouble about find
ing the place, provided you get there
at low tide, for the surface of the
water will be covered with people, all
bent on obtaining the luscious shell
fish from Its resting place on the bot
tom of the bay.
The existence of this oyster bed has
only been known for about two weeks
and during that interval It has been
most liberally patronized. It was "dis
covered" by a small boy who went out
in that direction to dig clams. It so
happened that he was sent out on the
day of the big low tide and consequent
ly could go farther from shore than
usual.
Of course he found plenty of clams
and then wandered far out in search
of larger ones. In a pool about twelve
inches deep he unexpectedly spied a
"bunch" of shells. At first he thought
they were clams and proceeded to raise
them. On succeeding in this he was
more surprised to find that they were
oysters and of a good size.
duty now and remedy the evil by mak
ing Its repetition impossible. Blame
cannot be brought against the inventor.
At least 75 per cent of all the inven
tions in guns and ammunition, war ves
sels and fortifications, high explosives,
ttfrpedoes and gunpowder now used by
the best-equipped nations have been in
vented by Americans. The struggles of
inventors with the Government to get
recognition are part of the country's
history.
"Had Congress or the War and Navy
departments fully appreciated the ex
tent to which American improvements
are being utilized by other nations the
necessary appropriations could have
doubtless been secured to keep our in
ventions at home. There is something
radically wrong when a country which
leads the world In the number and
value of its inventions should be the
slowest in accepting them. The most
notable of all devices which have revo
lutionized warfare are American inven
tions. As a rule they have been driven
to foreign governments and developed
in foreign hands before being accepted
at home.
"The vast sums recently squandered
for anything and everything in the
shape of vessels, arms and equipments
for war are but a price paid for inex
cusable neglect.
"This is a subject for the serious con
sideration of every taxpayer. The navy
is the property of the people. The peo
ple pay for it and should have the be3t
products for their money.
"The Holland submarine boat has
demonstrated all that is claimed for it.
It has shown itself capable of ap
proaching unseen and striking a death
blow to any battleship afloat. Why
should not Holland boats, instead of
battleships, be built? This invention
still rests on the anxious seat, where
other Inventions have rested until
bought by Europe. There is now -io
Merrimac destroying our fleet to fright
en the Government into giving the Hol
land a chance.
"There is something radically wrong
i somewhere. Congress should create a
board or commission, with new and
sufficient powers, made up of the most
progressive men of the army and navy,
and of civilians of the necessary knowl
edge of mechanics, electricity, metal
lurgy, chemistry, etc. Let such a board
be created to investigate inventions
promising to be of service to the coun
try. Let the board study the needs of
the service and work with Congress for
the necessary appropriations to develop
and utilize such inventions as it may
recommend. The president of such a
board should be a man of courage, who
believes in progress and dares to be
progressive — a typical man like General i
Miles, commander-in-chief of the army. {
Because he is pro
gressive he meets
the same opposition
experienced by in
ventors.
The evils of this
one fact have been
far reaching and
disastrous in ef
fect.
"N o soldier
serves his country
more than the in
ventor, and the in
ventor does the sol
dier greater serv
ice than any other
man. The treat
m c n t inventors
have received from
the United States
Go v c m m c n t, if
known to the peo
ple, would arouse
general indigna
tion. How many
Inventors have ever
made money from
the sale of an inven
tion to this Government?
"Inventors and the friends of invent
ors would have enough power, if united
to exert a salutary and healthful in
fluence. Inventors should unite to se
cure justice from the Government and
better treatment from the Patent Of
fice. Inventors suffer because there is
no political organization of inventors.
It Is needless to say that he threw
away^hls clams and filled his bucket
with oysters. This was an easy mat
ter at the time, as the tide being so
very low he had only to pick them up
from the puddles.
When he got to Alameda with his
oysters he found on counting them that
he had nearly 200. The next day he
and another boy went out together and
brought back about 400. The boys
sold these and told people where they
got them. Then the "rush" to the
free oyster beds began.
At first a number of people were in
clined to look upon the oyster beds as
entirely natural, forgetting that the
bivalves were much too large to be of
the native California variety.
Investigation, however, showed that
many years ago the same company
that now has oyster beds at Alvarado
attempted to grow them off the shore
of Bay Farm Island. For some rea
son the venture was not a success and
after a loss of several thousand dollars
spent for Eastern oyster "seed" the
beds were abandoned. It was Bald at
the time that the larger portion of the
young oysters died In n few days, and
that the others absolutely refused to
grow any bigger than a 10-cent piece.
It was impossible to find any reason
for this, as the beO only a few miles
farther away did splendidly. One
Eastern expert gave it as his reason
that the proper nourishment was lack
ing in the water. Which may or may
not have been the reason.
At any rate, there are plenty of good
oysters over there now that are not
much trouble to get.
A number of the oyster fishers who
have gone there recently have been
fully prepared for the work, even to a
genuine oyster grapple. Thus equipped
they have only to sit in their sail boat
One should be created. There should
be an organization to secure the co
operation of all political parties."
In closing, Hudson Maxim said: "I
shall be glad to hear from inventors,
manufacturers, promoters, politicians
or others on this subject. My addivss
is the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, New York
City."
and at their leisure work over the
sides.
The greater number of people, how
ever, fish with all sorts of things. On
the average the oysters lie beneath
from eighteen to twenty-four inches of
water. Since large numbers of people
have been fishing the latter figure is
the more nearly correct. And it nat
urally follows that the oysters will be
taken from the shallow places first, so
that the average depth will constantly
increase until it will be impossible to
obtain any without the proper equip
ment.
One day last week there were at least
! 200 people fishing for the mollusks on
! these public oyster beds. Some came
in row boats and some in large sail
boats. These were anchored in conven
ient places and produced a most ani
mated effect as they bobbed merrily
about on the surface of the waves.
Some of the fishers used fire shovels,
some used hoes and a number put the
garden rakes into service. These lat
ter proved most efficacious in removing
the bivalves, but had the disadvantage
of crushing the shells and so ruining
large numbers.
Without the proper oyster grapples
or tongs it is next to impossible to fish
from a boat. As a consequence most
of the people wade around in water
about waist deep, and after tearing the
oysters loose from the bottom
with a stick or hook reach
down with their hands and lift
them out. Of course this, is a wet
job, but those who go after oysters do
not mind it. In fact, they rather seem
to enjoy it, as at low tide the water is
warm and not at all unpleasant. And,
besides, they are getting the oysters
free of all cost from what is, most like
ly, the only public oyster bed. in th&
, country*
2526
THE dawn of August still finds so
ciety lingering at the various out
of-town resorts and entertaining
In its beautifully appointed coun
try homes.
In fact, there is every reason to
believe that the season will be un
usually prolonged this year and that
the leaves will bave turned and fallen be
fore city social festivities begin.
Although the indications are that the
coming season will be a gay one, there
ie nothing definite as yet as to who will
entertain and what stylo of entertain
ments will be in vogue.
However, many surprises are promised
and are being planned.
Jhey're Engaged.
The engagement reception of Miss Bir
die Samuel of this <-ity to Maurice E.
Harris of Oakland, previously announced,
will be held at 313 Golden Gate avenue
this Sunday, August 7, between the hours
of 2 and 6.
The engagement is announced of Kate
O'N'eil of 46 Clementina street ami James
McGoldrich of 320 Harrison street.
The wedding of Dr. Edward H. Lake
and Edna J. Scott, daughter of J
W. Scott, will t;ik.- place early In the
spring. The engagement was announce <1
a short time ugo to a few of Miss Scott's
Intimate fri<
Mr. and Mrs. F. Kronenberg announce
the engagement of their daughter Emilie.
to Louis A. Hufschmidt, son of Henry
Huf schmidt.
Sergeant J^loffitt parried.
John W. Moffitt, the popular sergeant
of police, was married last evening to Mrs.
Florence Partridge. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
of the Calvary Presbyterian Church.
■The bride was attired in a handsome cos
tume, which added to her attractiveness.
After the cerempny the happy couple
■were driven to the residence of William
■Henderson at 1014 Powell street, where
they were given a reception. Among
those present were: William Henderson.
Misses Bedsit; and KJttie Henderson. Mrs.
J. Jamison, Zena-s Jamison and William
Henderson Jr. The couple left on the
first train for San Jose, whence they will
go to Monterey to spend their honey
in OOU.
[iom? Qatherings.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Qoorgc Knlppenberg and Henry Elim-rs
on 'Wodnesday evening. July 27. Among
the features of the evening was a quar
tet, consisting of W. Baudoln, 11. Bau
doin, Mr. Bchulthelse and Mr. Pfaffel,
■which rendered several selections. A
fancy dance, executed by Miss Dora Of
fermann, was much enjoyed. A delight
ful supper was served at 10 o'clock, after
which dancing wa,=i resumed until a late
Tiour. Those present were: Miss Dora
Offermann, Miss Annie Wlndeler, Miss
Mattle Yon Soosten, Miss Clara Seller,
Miss Hattie Bucking, Miss L. Seiler, Miss
Frieda Bucking, Miss Blanche Dasmann,
Miss M. Loese, Miss Louise Aubin. Miss
Augustine Aubin, Miss Clotilde Devany,
Miss Annie Schonfeld. Miss Lulu Bur
meister, Miss Annie Wulzen, Miss G.
Beckmann, Miss Etta Mayborg, Miss
May Lackmann, Miss Martha Bucking,
Miss Sophie Beckmann. Miss M. Beck
mann, Miss Lydia Carson, Miss L. Seng
steken. Miss T. Koetering, Miss L. Heidt
mann; W. Baudoin, H. Baudoin, Mr.
Pfaffel. Mr. Schjltheiss, Emil Stroth,
Albert Stroth. Adolph Seiler, Charles
r>ueb*l. Charles Reidel, T. Erlin, L,
Schonfeld. E- Williams, E. Ohlerich, 1).
Wulzen, L. Earner, H. Elmers. G. Knip
penbere. F. Knlppenberg, Carl Bruns, H.
1 Ibach, G. Hasselhach, Henry Lack
mann, Ernst Lackmann, H. Hildebrandt,
Henry Dierks, Hermann Dierks. Fred
Mohrrr.ann, J. Brutt, H. Bucking, W.
Dasmann, F. Huber, Harry lackmann,
Ernst Mayborg, 11. Sengsteken; Mrs. C.
Ftroth, Mrs. F. Huber. ilr. and Mrs. E.
R. Knippenberg. Mr. and Mrs. C. May
borg, Mr. and Mrs. 11. 11. Schorthelmer,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Lackmann.
Miss Grace Heydenaber entertained a
number of her friends with a "barn
party" at her home. 1539 Ninth street,
Alameda, Wednesday evening, July 27.
The" grounds were beautifully illuminated
with Japanese lanterns, and the interior
of the house was transformed Into an
old-fashioned barn. The guests ap
peared in old-fashioned costumes, and
Max Guntlad, in his up-to-date bloomer
tgir\ costume, contrasted greatly with the
hayseeds and old-fashioned country folk.
Miss Mabel Norton represented Maud
Muller. and E. Schoenwald the "Judge."
A very pleasant and entertaining sur
prise party was given on Saturday even
ing last by Mips Anna Burkhardt, at her
residence, 723 Gough street, in honor of
the birthday of Walter McDonald. The
parlors were elegantly decorated with
evergreens, potted plants and cut flowers,
and the dining room, where the collation
was served, was also tastefully arranged
with sweet peas, roses and smllax.
The entertainment consisted of vocal
and instrumental music, recitations and
games. Mr. and Mrs. Frank McNally
sang songs, with piano accompaniment;
Miss Mercedes Medina entertained with
English and Spanish songs, with guitar
accompaniment; John N. Fitzgerald kept
the company in a jolly mood with his
comic and sentimental effusions; Miss
Mamie Fitzsimmons and Thomas Murray
rendered plasant duets on the piano, with
comic and patriotic songs; Mrs. M. C.
Miller gave recitations. After the enter
tainment the company retired to the din-
Ing room, where a bountiful repast was
partaken of by the assembled guests, in
terwoven with toasts and speeches com
memorative of the occasion. Toasts and
responses thereto were made by J. N.
Fitzgerald. Captain M. E. King, Dr. D.
W. McNelll and W. McDonald.
The following were present: Mr. and
Mrs. F. McNally, Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Miller, Mis. Burkhardt, Mrs. Schaeffor,
Mrs. Newberry, Miss Tina Jurgenson,
Miss Agnes Cooper, Miss Kate Cooper,
Miss Rosie Silver, Miss Mercedes Medina,
Miss Mamie Fitzsimmors, Miss Anna
liurkhardt, Miss Agnes Noonan. M. E.
King, J. A. Ephriam. J. N. Fitzgerald.
W. Lawson, W. McDonald, Dr. D. W.
McNelll, T. Murray, F. Schepp, G. Mc-
Nally, F. McNally Jr.. John Eddy and
others. „
Friday evening Schaefer's Grove, Robs
Valley, was the scene of much merrymak
ing and enjoyment, the occasion being a
farewell party given In honor of several
SOCIETY
I slimmer visitors of the grove, Who left
I the following day tor their city homes.
Shortly after dusk the grounds were
beautifully Illuminated wltn Chinese lan
terns and at 8 o'clock the guests assem
bled in the prettily decorated music room
where during the evening a well render* d
programme, consisting of vocal and in
strumental selections, recitations and
fancy dancing, was highly appreciated by
those present.
A pleasant surprise party was given re
cently to Miss May Reldy at ber home
! at 7 Spencer place by many of her school
! mates. They spent a delightful after: oon
enjoying songs, recitations and games.
Among those who were present were:
Misses May Reidy and Ella Reidy. Misses
Lillie Snea'r, Victoria Snear. Misses Kate
Hinengher, Clara Hinengher, Hannah
Hinengher. Mias Mammie Meirs, Miss
Frances Burns, Miss Veronica Kavan
1 aueh Miss Nellie Cannon, Miss Ruth
Chesley, Miss Emma Westkopp, Miss
Rose Gunnely. Miss Bessie Burns, Miss
May Tierney, will Reidy, George Reidy,
j James Reidy. , _
A very pleasant reception was tendered
ge Duncan Jr. last night by the
tg committee of the Christian En
deavorers on the occasion of his leaving
San Francisco for Chicago. Mr. Duncan
has acted as corresponding secretary for
the committee for five years and been
active in the work of floating endeavor.
I After the prayer meeting at Mariners'
! Church, led by Mr. Duncan, the commlt-
I tee adjuorned to the social rooms above
; where a prettily decorated table was
i temptingly set. A pleasant social hour
followed. Mr. Duncan was presented with
i a handsome Bible and w.irm expressions
i of regret for his departure anil commend
ing him to the Endeavor Society of Chi
cago were embodied in resolutions read by
the chairman.
At her residence Wednesday afternoon,
i August ?,. Mrs. Catherine I'arrish gave a
reception to her friends. The guest of
I honor was Mrs. Dv Plaunty, who boasts
'of having seen 103 years. A most enjoy
able time was spent by all the guests,
.Mrs. Parrish displaying a marked adapt
ability to tell funny tales in a most en
! chanting manner. Refreshments were
' served by Mesdames E. A. Kidd. G. S.
! Smith. M. E. Fair. W. S. Owen and Mrs.
■ M. E. Struehcomh. During the ten Mrs.
I Sadie E. Cooke regaled the guests with
some piano -••lections and Little Hazel
I and Ruth MacKenzie rendered some vocal
selections. .
The guest of the occasion was intended
to be the fßmed Captain Diamond, but ho
failed to appear, so Mrs. Dv Plaunty was
given due homage instead. Mrs. Parrish
displayed a very interesting relic in the
shape' of an old plate, mad.' in 1630 in the
city of Amsterdam. Holland. It was or
iginally the property of her "father-wkh
many-grands-before-his-name," and it is
a family heirioom.
Mrs. Dv Plaunty was born In li9j in
Lawrence County, New York. After a
I great deal of moving, she settled in this
I State. She has all her faculties and is
quite witty and cheerful. Her mother
lived to be 10$ years old. although her
father saw little over 50 year?. They are
of French descent, and well-educated.
Captain Diamond is still older and Mrs.
Parrish is over 86, and a great-great
grandmother.
Last Saturday evening, July 20, a pleas
ant birthday "surprise party was given
to Miss Rosy Marchand. 11 Reade plfice.
The evening was spent with numerous
songs, recitations and dancing. Miss
Lambert and W. F. Bartsch gave several
catchy songs, and B. Casson, L. Lor
iiay and J. Lornay contributed several se
lections on their musical instruments.
Among those present were: Miss Rosy
Marchand, Miss Jennie McKown. Miss
Lillie Friescke, Miss Josephte Barsson,
Miss Lizzie Becker, Miss Girtie Duffy,
Miss Amardine Lambert. Miss May Duffy,
Miss Crissy Becker, Miss Emma March
j and. Miss Fanny Daniels, J. Lornay,
i George Gardner, Frank Ross. John Metis,
j L. Lornay, E. Spineitie. E. Kane, E. Cer
rutl, Mr. Oumper. B. Casson, W. F.
Bartach and Victor Marchand.
Ronald Graham was the recipient of a
surprise party tendered him by his little
I girl friendF at his home. 2127 Bush street,
j Friday evening last. Those present were:
I Dora Worth. Charlie Worth Bertha Ba
den. Belle Gluckman, Sadie Gluckman,
Arthur Gluckman. Lucille Breslauer, Mo
sle Breslauer, Mabel Byington, Estelle
i Dreyfus, Juanita Morriss, Rosalie Gold
j stein. Sibyl Goldstein, Harold Kolberg,
: Charlie Kolberg, Lloyd Kolberg, El wood
Boobar, Jamos Kelfy, William Forbes,
Robbie Jansen and Ronald Graham.
Club Parties.
'The Dewey Social and Outing Club gave
a very successful outing last Sunday,
July 31, at Niles Canyon. The main event
of the day was a beautiful Hong, com
posed and sung by "Doc." Anders. The
song met with a most successful recep
tion.
Outing parties.
A very delightful hay ride was given by
Mrs. Wagner of Wagner Villa, Glen Ellen,
on Saturday evening, July 30. Among
those present were Mrs. Wagner, Mrs.
Sullivan, Miss Grace Sullivan, Miss Flor
ence Hay Miss Emma Sullivan, Miss Vir
ginia Wright, Miss Maud Hawkins, Mlas
Hart, Miss Elizabeth Sullivan. Misa Le
nore Hay. Miss Ethel Stack, Messrs. Geo.
Donnelly, Harry Sullivan, Frank Colman,
William Sullivan, Alfred Montgomery,
Charles Hay, James Sullivan, Walter Hay
and John Sullivan.
Saratoga Springs.
The following, is a list of the late ar
rivals at Saratoga Springs: Mrs. S. A.
Blake, Sidney Blake, Edna Beronio, Mrs.
Masoera, E. B. Jones, San Francisco; C.
H. Kucks, Oakland; W. W. Mayberry
and wife, Elliot; Mlks Donna Horn, San
ta Rosa; T. W. McLaughlin; H. C. Sweit
zer and family, Mrs. T. D. Murrin and
children, Yolo County; J. E. Martin, J.
C. Leever, Tancred.
El Paso dz JRobles.
Those who have registered during the
past week at Paso Robles are: Mr. and
Mrs. Dan Einstein, Mr. and Mrs. E. A.
Beame, P. Schlobach, Y. Marouse, Mrs.
E. M. Rosner, H. Gutzeit, Miss C. Prager.
S. Prager, Mrs. Alex Smith, w. D.
O'Brien, Mr. and Mrs. J. Spruame, Mrs.
I. C. Snyder, Frank H. Herford, C. R.
Howes, Mrs. J. D. Thornton, Miss Lane,
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels and maid.
A. B. Spreckels. Ed Grevola. Fr. Wea
terberg, S. Sellg. Q. W. Smith and son.
Leon Levis, Miss A. Dougherty, D. W.
Evans, C. A. Bercham Jame» Alexander,
THE SAX FBAKCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
A. Alexander. J. M. Reillj:, R. J. Me-
Grayan, F. Seregus. Mr. Carron and wife,
L. Brooks, Big. Lauter, Tom McMurtle.
W. H. Hord. W. H. Klnp. W. B. Forma.n
F J Mynard, A. C. Foray th. Raymond
Body, A. M. Popner, T. R. Sloan.
Santa Gatalina Island
SANTA CATALTNA. Aug. 6.— Miss Har
riette Howe of Oakland and Miss Ber
nice Landers of San Francisco, two of
the most popular belles of the Metropole,
carried off the cakes in the recent cake
walk given at this famous hostelry. Miss
Howe appeared as a Bowery character
to a degree of perfection and was cer
tainly entitled to her prize. She also ap
peared in several comic songs. Miss Lan
ders' prize was awarded for th<: hand
somest gowned lady. She wore a cos
tume of white organdie over pink silk,
and appeared as a beautiful octoroon.
The following day Miss Landers was the
hostess at a reception in the parlors of
the Metropole. Upon this occasion the
cake was cut ana divided among the
•
General A. W. Barrett, who has been a
guest of the Metropole for the past week,
has returned to Sacramento, where he
was called en business. Mr*. Barrett and
her sister. Mrs. A. O. Richardson of Los
Angeles, will remain at the hotel indefin
itely.
G G. Fraser of San Francisco, nephew
of the ex-Premier of Canada, continues
to enjoy life at the Metropole. He spends
his time fishing and rowing.
Hon and Mrs. Marcus A. Smith M
Tucson are guests at the Metropole. They
The Rev. Mr. Haircomber— l must really try something for my hair.
I'm getting rather bald!
Captain Jinks— Dear me! I would not have noticed it if you nadn t
told me!
are delighted with Catalina Island, and
will remain several weeks.
Sacramento is represented at the Metro
pole by Mr. and Mrs. George Taylor, who
nave taken apartments for an extended
stay.
Mr. and Mrs. Douglass S. Cone are reg
istered at the Metropolp from Hed Muff.
They will remain Indefinitely. They have
given several launching parties. and spend
a great portion of their time on the Pa
cific- searching for fish.
Among the San Francisco contingent
at the Metropole are: Mr. and Mrs. N.
F. Boody. N. L. Cohen, Miss Evangellne
Boody. Miss Edith Sherry. Mr. and Mrs.
W. C. Fettle, F. W. Harlan, Miss R. E.
Morgan, L. V. Morgan, Charles Searles,
G. P. Curtis and A. P. March.
Dr. William G. Letitz of Phoenix, Ariz..
Is at the Metropole. ,,,
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Levy and T\ illiam
Brunson of Yuma have taken apartments
at the Metropole.
Bartlett Springs.
The crowd at Bartlett is still increas
ing. The arrivals for the past week are:
Al Schwartz, W. 11. Roden, Samuel Jones,
Mrs. J. Iff. McCarthy, J. P. Lysett and
wife, Mrs. L. N. Tennant and daughter,
W. H. Moffat, J. Rubel. W. F. Ness, R.
B. Murdock, J. B. Lauk, A. H. Boomer,
W. Boreiko, M. J. Mcßrearty, A. Judis,
Mrs. F. Bernard, V. L. Bohay and family,
E. R. Rock, Walter Kay, Miss K. Corbett.
John D. Sullivan, T. J. Kelly, Miss Blair,
Mrs. M. E. Tobln, C. W. Anderson.
George Stonor, William Masterson, Mrs.
E. A. Blodgett, J. M. May, M. E. Quinn,
E. W. White, A. H. Bruenn, Dr. H. J.
Bernard, A. H. Boomer, Miss M. D. Tan
foran, Mrs. E. W. Bernham, Mrs. A.
Hromada, Loretta McCarthy, Mathew
Nunan, A-. J. O'Nell, A. Drossner, James
Flood, Miss Connay, Patrick Newman, J.
W. Gray, John Obrieon, J. ~8. Robinson,
Mrs. James G. Chesley, Miss Kittle Ar
nold, W. F. Seeger, San Francisco; Theo
J. Gosleiner, Mrs. C. H. Rippon, W. S.
Mohr, W. J. Donahue, P. D. Billings, M.
H. Baxter, Harry E. Doon, Mrs. E. Hen
rich and child, Theo T. Jacobs, W. C.
Bcroth and wife. Miss Kittle Breuner, C.
C. Carpenter, Grove L. Johnson and wife,
W. O. Obrieon, D. Flynn, Miss E. Hull,
Miss Ora Runyon. Miss Carrie Scroth,
Miss Carrie Breuner, Mrs. Sol Runyon,
M. G. McGuire, W. T. Young Jr., J. M.
Hllbert, Sacramento; Theo S. Brown,
Stockton; Charles N. Haycock, Lakeport;
N. Flannagan, Butte City; A. Denmoire,
Grass Valley; D. D. Donavan, Ottawa,
111.; H. G. Jackson, Willows; Mrs. W.
Christie and daughter. Upper Lake; D.
M. Etter, Redding; W. F. Clarke, Buena
Park; Mrs. L. E. Anderson, Bakersfield;
Miss E. Bnapp, Stockton; E. L. Busknell,
Laurel Dell; H. Sherwood and wife.
Kcsier and son, Nevada City : B. McGln
nls, Oakland: Mrs. Hoy Colusa, Mrs^.
L. Myers. Bloomiield; Mrs. L. \V • »""£'
Santa Rosa: Mrs. O. Fox and O>£Snwr.
Weavervllle' J A Dolan, \entur«i, v.
W GlZo ". Wllil.m. . H. French , an wf |.
ss siifis- sag |ssf sss
Schmidt, Sutter; Mrs. E. A.Da\ls,
ville. :ff- : -"v. ■-- . r
JaVem of Gastle brag.
W. Mahl. San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. S.
Llpman. New York; Mrs. A Ott, Mi** B.
Ott. Miss E. Ott. Charles Ott. Santa Bar
bara; U. S. Grant Jr.. San Diego; M. B.
Palmer, R, B. Palmer, W. E. Palmer,
Fruitvale; E. S. Stilson. Los Ange.e»;-.
Sanborn, Watsonville; W. H Leahy, Mrs.
Stono and maid. San F rancisco; n^ r R L
E. Johnson, Ruby Johnson Queenleßus
sell, San Jose; Mrs. \\ akenela uaKer,
Miss Miller. Master Livlnt-stone L. Baker
Wakefleld Baker Jr.. Miss Marlon Baker
and maid. Sausalito; M. R. ' l ?, d
wife T L Perry New York; alter H.
Imert. Oakland; William M. Chriß^Bu
Pra™clsco: De Putron Gltddon, Colorado
Springs; R. J. Currey Dlxon, Cal. C.
Erlckson, William Mahl, H. C. Hell, San
Francisco; Mrs. P. H. Sayre Cobb. De
troit, Mich.: William Keith. San Francis
co; j. W. Tagrgart and wife, Santa Bar
bara; Mrs. A. A. Taylor, Santa Cruz;
Wakefield Baker, San Francisco.
JHigKland Springs.
The past week's arrivals at Highland
Springs include: F. T. Kelley and wife,
Mis.s A. Schweitzer, E. Nlles, Mrs. K.
Qayburg, Mis* Clayburg, J. Feigenbaum.
Mrs. B. Feigenbaum, J. J. Hull. VV. 11.
Mitchell, T. E. Miles, C. Newman, M. 1..
Gerstle and wife, Mlsa Gerstle, Miss
Hecht, J. H. Waterman, Ben B. Kellogrg,
Dr. J. F. Smith, J. E. Barry, J. J. Callens
and wife, 11. H. Elliott, A. S. Rohrer. I.
H. Ayers, R. Derby, I. McGlll, Btephen
Potter C. A. Myerß, Mrs. Jean M. Car
ter. J. A. Klein. C. I. Lfhmunn, A. F.
Stevens, J. W. Empey. L,. F. Vann and
wif^ San FrancLsoo; MIM Sara Stephens,
Miss Kate I-. Stephens. Miss Minnie Ste
phens. Leo D. Stephens, Woodland;
Miss Dolly Chapman. Mrs. 11. Sevenlng,
Miss 1.,. Sevenlnp. Alameda: A. B. Rod
man, George J. O'Connor and wife. Wood
land; Return Roberta and wife. Miss M.
Roberts, Madera; I. Arra and wife. Oak
land* J W. Hawkins and wife, llollls-
jKe Qevjsers. .
Arrivals at the Geysers for the past
week are: Miss Belle Goldsmut, Henry
Dahl, Sol Lewis, Missos M. and A. Lewis,
Miss Laura Marks, Miss Rose Wissing.
Mrs. M. P. Dorsey, Miss Ada Emily Dor-
sey, Mrs. Daniel Gronlrgpr, Miss Juliet
Grenirg^r, Miss Giggur. Miss Winterburn,
Mrs. Winterburn, Mr. Barney. Miss Gig
gur, Mrs. Maud Barney, Mrs. George K.
Whitney Mrs. Anlla and Miss Kthel
Whitney, San Franrisco: George Smyth,
Oakland; Mr. and Mrs. Frank M. Wllaon,
Berkeley- Mrs. A. A. Curtis, Cnxleton
Curtis, San Rafael; M. L. Kaiser and
wife. Stockton; A. Towson and wife, Va
caville; Miss Marguerite Schwab. 11. S.
Nichols, wife and son, H. S. Nichols Jr.,
George Wilson. S. L. Wilson, C. W. Wil
son G. Slick, M. Grove, Miss Lizzie Sim
mons, Miss Carrie Simmons, Healdsburg;
O. J. Hudson, San Luis Oblspo; Miss
May J. McDonald. Miss Mollie E. Smith,
Gerievieve A. Smith. A. Margaret Sam
uels, Mr. F. Louits Samuels, Miss Alice
Caldwell, J. W. Caldwell, Cloverdale; A.
J. Rohrer, Frank H. Ayers, Riohurd Der
by, P. F. Magill, Boston.
Independence LaUe.
Registered at Independence Lake are:
Miss Lillie Wall. Berkeley; Mr. C. A. Li
nart, Oakland; Mr. Alfred Hillman, Miss
Hlllman, Miss Anne Hillman, W. M. Hill
man, Edgar Hillman, Alexander Field.
San Francisco; Mrs. R. F. Butler, Miss
Annette Butler, Mrs. H. G. Parsons, L.
Bruner, Miss Martha Bruner. Gross Val
ley; Miss E. Northley, Washington; C.
Naffgeger, Mrs. C. Naffgeger, Howard
Naffgeger, Nevada City.
in the Future.
The Sine Cura Club announces that it
will give another hop at Hlnman'e Hall,
Twenty-first and Howard streets, on
Thursday evening, August 18.
Its initial hop. which was given on May
19 last was a brilliant social afltuir, and
was said to be the moßt select of its
kind ever held In lhe Mission.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons of Vermont will
be held on Friday evening, August 12, at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
The following excellent programme has
been prepared for the meeting: Overture,
Dellepiane'a orchestra; songs, selected,
Tennessee quartet (W. A. Forbes, first
tenor; J. M. Jackson, second tenor; P.
Jackson, first bass; R. 8. Coulter, second
bass, all of Company H, First Tennessee
Regiment); violin solo, selected. Harry
Hock; whistling solo, selected. Miss Mary
Gray; specialties, selected. Miss Edun
Hall of the Tlvoll Opera-house; song se
lected, Miss Lillie, Cheffers. "The Net
tle," a comedietta in one act. Charac
ters: Guy Carlton. Kenneth McLeod;
Dulcle Merrldeth, Miss Hope Mosher.
Persorvals.
Mrs. L. Thorn and Miss Pauline Worm
ser left last evening via the northern
route for New York. The ladiea will stop
over at all points of Interest and expect
to remain for a month in the Empire City.
Mrs. Mary McColgan. her sons George
and Edgar and her sisters, the Misses
Casey, are spending a month at "Old
Glory" camp. Camp Taylor.
Dr. E. H. Manner, a well-known physi
cian of this city, left last Thursday on a
two-week deer-hunting trip in the Sierra
Nevada Mountains, accompanied by a
party of friends.
The Misses Carrie and Vera Mayers of
Sl7Vs Golden Gate avenue are spending a
few weeks in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mrs. John 11. Batcher and family and
her niece. Miss Elsie Smith, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin F. Smith of Sacra
mento, are here as the guests of Mrs.
John M. Curtis and Miss Lizzie Muir, 40i
Post street.
Mrs. Ella Armstrong and Miss Victoria
Calisher left on the 30th of July for
Vallejo to enjoy an outing for several
weeks.
George H. Myers left Thursday even
ing on a pleasure trip to New York and
Washington.
Mrs. J. J. Taylor, accompanied by her
daughter Bessie, will return home Satur
day, August 12, from her tour of South
ern California. _
Mrs. William A. Ettlng, Miss Lilly Et
tlng and Miss Mabel Etting left Santa
Rosa after an enjoyable stay of two
weeks and have gone to Monte Vista to
spend a fortnight before returning home.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Urma have return
ed from their stay at Mill Valley.
Mips Maude Frank, accompanied by her
brother, Alex 11. Frank, letvea for an ex
tended visit to the East to-day.
Misses Cevll and Margaret Denvir have
left for their country home in the Santa
Clara Mountains.
Mrs. J. Annie Huber has returned from
the country, where she did some sketch
ing. While away she visited Vacaville.
Suisun, Elmira and Sacramento.
Mrs. L. W. Burris, wife of the well
known Santa Rosa banker, is a guest at
Bartlett Springs.
Mrs. Leo Kaufman and little daught-.r,
after spending a month In Napa Valley,
are home again at Sls Lagima street.
Mrs. J. F. Sweeney and niece, Miss Mul
vina Parker, returned from the Soa Beach
tiotel. Santa Cruz, last week.
Dr. A. D. Prentice, who has h?en recenU
ly assisting at the Receiving Hospital, hns
been engaged by the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company as surgeon on one of their
steamers and Is now on his way to Pan-
ama.
Mrs. P. E. Newman and daughter. Miss
Belle, of Hanford are In the city and will
receive at 1401 Van Ness avenue.
Miss Blanche Clinton and Miss Lizzie
Shea have returned from their trip to
Santa Crur. Mountains.
J. P. Johnston has returned from a
three-week vacation at Pacific Grove.
B'NE B'RITH.
De Hlrsch Lodge No. 4 of the Youths'
Auxiliary was instituted in B. B. Hall
with fifty members by Grand President
Gutstadt, assisted by the members of
Monterlore Lodge of Oakland Youths"
Auxiliary. The work was well done, and
the members from across the bay were
highly complimented. After the eere
monlea the Daughters of Judah served up
a lunch to all present.
Last Tuesday the members of Nevada
Lodge, which was started in the Silver
State when there was a boom there, but
which with that country ceased to be ac
tive, on last Tuesday night was consoli
dated with Occidental Lodge of this city.
Th^ accession of thirty-seven members in
creases the membership of Occidental
L<nlp.' to 131.
Next Wednesday the general commit
tee will pay an official visit to Golden
Gate Lodge.
ROYAL ARCANTM.
The last held meeting of Argonaut
Council was attended by a large number
of the members. The new laws relating
to the W. and O. B. funds were fully ex
plained by Regent Dlxon, Past Regent
Whitney and Secretary de Roco, and the
membership appeared satisfied that the
legislation of the Supreme Council was
wise and will redound to the good of the
order.
An increase of almost 2000 is the record
of the past three months of the war
year.
Commodore Schlev is an Arcanumite,
being a member of Farragut Council.
Colonel Clark and Captain Young of the
Second Massachusetts, who were in the
thickest of the fight at Santiago de Cuba,
are also members of theorder, the last
named being regent of Equity Council.
Supreme Warden Parrish 1b af present
in Oregon looking after the interests of
the order. He will soon return to this
State and resume work to the end that
a Grand Council may be organized.
During July Argonaut Council, received
six applications and at the last held meet
ing there was an initiation.
ECCENTRIC CAREER
OF LADY YARDE-BULLER
Continued from Page Twenty.
in Oakland once more. Her friends
were regaled with stories of political
triumphs, a presentation at the Queen's
court and social successes. When these
no longer interested idle tongues found
another theme. The Hon. Yarde-Bul
ler had an undue fondness for the flow
ing cup and the gossips said his wife
was fast learning to keep the pace that
he set.
From Oakland to Santa Barbara and
back again, then over the seas to Eng
land they took her, but the demon of
madness" had her in his firm clutches.
Her money was fast slipping through
her fingers. Then her father died.
Later she returned to Oakland to
fight for a larger share in the estate.
Shortly after her return she met Val
entine Gadesden. They became insep
arable friends. He was as erratic as
she, but they found each other so com
panionable that he returned to Eng
land with her and her two boys to act
as her business agent.
The Hon. Yarde-Buller objected and
gave vent to his objections by filing a
suit for divorce, charging intemperance
and the grave sin against wifely vows.
Gadesden and "Lady" Tarde-Buller
went traveling. From Germany came
the startling news that Valentine Ga
desden was dead. Some whispered of a
duel and a wrathy husband. Others
said he was playing the piano when he
suddenly fell dead at the feet of the
woman who had laughed conventional
ity to scorn for his sake.
Once more "Lady" Yarde-Buller
came to Oakland. Scandal followed in
her wake; first tales of revelry in the
hotel where she stayed with her two
sons, then of an almost fatal illness,
brought on, so it was said, by the ex
cessive use of stimulants. Finally
Ernest Wakeman, a remote cousin, and
his wife took charge of her.
A champagne supper in a restau
rant was followed by an attack on
Mrs. Wakeman. With a cane the Hon.
Mrs. Yarde-Buller administered blows
that fell like hall on the defenseless
shoulders of her Imaginary foe. The
straitjacket followed. Then the last
flimsy veil that had hidden the vaeru
rles of this remarkable woman was
torn asunder. She was arraigned in
the Police Court. The daughter of
General Kirkham had been found wan
dering in a dazed condition over the
Oakland marshes.
After this sensational episode Mr.
and Mrs. Wakeman took her to
France. One son was a lieutenant in
the army, the other was preparing to
enter Berkeley.
Next came the news that she was in
a sanitarium, the kindlier word for
madhouse. When the doors of the
madhouse clanged in her wake soctety
thought that it had heard the last of
"Lady" Yarde-Buller. Scarcely was
her strange fate forgotten when one?
more came news that caused a ripple
of astonishment. She had escaped
from the madhouse in France and was
In New York preparing to return to
her home in Oakland. In Jersey City
by some accident she took the wrong
train. Her guardians, Mr. and Mrs.
Wakeman, had her money and tickets,
and while they were speeding West
"Lady" Yarde-Buller was put off the
train at Easton. Pa. The manager of
the hotel agreed to give her accommo
dations until she might communicate
with her friends.
So, alone and penniless, at the mercy
of strangers, she waits for the neces
sary funds to carry her back to her
childhood's home, where she may blot
out the memory' of the madhouse. She
flays she has learned that liberty is not
license.
ADVBBTISEMENTS. d
rDECmiFBAEGAINS ]
o ; ... I3ST ... ?
\ EVERY DEPARTMENT 1 \
\ == %
9 To the prospective purchaser we would refer the following J
o remarkable bargains in SILKS, DRESS GOODS, SILK SKIRTS and o
o JACKETS, ?
o All other departments are teeming with reductions of every o
o description, and it needs but a call to convince the public that |
o this is indeed a money-saving opportunity. ?
? SILK DEPARTMENT. f
o ♦
| O S(\ r 1200 yards COLORED FAILLE FRANCAISE SILK, former O
; 4 *J\Jl, price $1, to close at 50c a yard. o
I ♦ 7C r 1500 yards IMPORTED COLORED BENGALINES, former ♦
! O /3t price $i 50, to close at 75c a yard. +
? 7E r 1000 yards COLORED RHADAMES SATIN, former price $150, +
q ■ »-'*' to close at 75c a yard. O -
O Cl nfl 2500 yards PLAID TAFFETA SILK, former price $150, to close O
f 4>I.UU a t $i a yard. q
I LADIES' JACKETS AND SILK DRESS SKIRTS! |
o — — — — — —
> LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, in black and navy, fly fronts, ♦
O ' faced with cloth, good value for $10, will be placed on sale at $5 each, o
o At~sasO. $
O LADIES* BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, crepon effects, in navy blue o
. f only, fly fronts, faced with cloth, good value for $12 50,, will be placed £
O on sale at $6 50 each. . . °
o .A.tT^S.OO. ?
0 LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, full width. O
1 lined with silk serge and bound with velvet, good value for $10, will ▼
O be placed on sale at $5 each . ♦
I COLORED DRESS DEPARTMENT. I
4 o
? ki 5R r 1500 yards 44-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, ♦
3 Al 331/ new designs, fine value for 75c a yard; will be placed on "
♦ eale at 35c a yard. Z
O x.
♦ ki C;fl^ 1200 yards 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH J
O Al vJVi, TWEED SUITINGS, former price $1 25 a yard; will be +
▼ placed on sale at 50c a yard. O
O *.
£ ki <L.I fif\ 875 yards 43-INCH HIGH CLASS SILK AND WOOL o
V Al vpl«W FRENCH PLiAIDS, elegant designs and colorings, regular ♦
O price $1 50 a yard; will be placed on sale at $1 a yard. O
t BLACK DRESS GOODS. I
0..•, • . ■♦
°i+ Aft/* 1200 yards 48-INCH BLACK SERGE, easily worth 75c; $
♦ Al UUt -will be placed on sale Monday for 60c a yard. O
O • >
t ki €1 Oft 40 pieces BLACK NOVELTY CREPON, width 42 inches, O
J Al «PI«VFU exceedingly stylish and splendid value for $1 50; will be ♦
+ offered for sale this week at $1 a yard. r
♦ SEE WINDOW DISPLAY FOR ADDITIONAL BARGAINS. °
\l " ■$
♦ IFiJ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / %
♦ K^ Son F r i-«tirtls.GO* /
o
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Continued from Page Twenty-eight.
acted, and the following named wer h e ur a £i
R N McLennan. Then followed the
nomination and election of officers for the
L?nc'h. chaplain; Mrs. Summers, treas
urer and Mrs. Miller, marshal. After
ihaT'an adjournment was taken until next
TOT O e n d Thun<day night America Lodge gave
a grand patriotic entertainment and so
cial Vannerbund Hall. There were
Present many from the local lodges, also
a good representation of the supreme of
fl To-morrow night Lincoln Lodge will
have an open meeting In Washington
H Mi7.pah Lodge will give \T^vnry party
in old Masonic Hall at the Mission on the
18th inst.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Sutro Heights has appointed a j
number of recruiting officers from among
its membership, whose duty It shall be
during the term of the officers now at the
stations to secure recruits who will make
first-class members. While it is true that
the officers whose terms but recently ex
pired did not belong to the drone class, j
the present officers want to see if they
cannot do better. Under the head of the
good of the order There was a pleasant
hour of entertainment. Frank J. Munis
ky gave a classical recitation, Sam Yehl
entertained with vocal selections, E. S.
Harding. J. J. Stephens and George J.
Strong had something to say that inter
ested all the members, and a member read
a prophetic dream, credited to Washing
ton, in which thr present war was fore
told while he was at Valley Forge.
Court Buckey O'Nell No. 5 was Insti
tuted at Phoenix, Ariz., on the 22d of
July with fifty charter members by A.
Ornla. past grand chief ranger of Cali
fornia.
The roster of the Seventh Infantry
Regiment of California Volunteers shows
that there are In the ranks the following
named who are members of the Foresters
of America: Captain R. Wankowski;
Lieutenant S. Crawford, R. J. Follmer,
R. Q. Ollnian, Sergeant E. A. Levin. S.
B. Kutz. W. B. Bowers, C. E. Bowman.
G. F. Barton, E. F. Barton, F. Horsier,
B. J. Winter. G. K. Fox. D. D. Adams,
Sergeant Case, Sergeant Steiborn, Pri
vates Dodson and Phillips, R. T. Labadle
and E. H. Mercer.
Court Independence held an animated
meeting last Monday night and the senti
ment of the court was that if any of its
members who had gone to the front as
volunteers in the army of Uncle Sam it
would take care of them without outside
aid. and that it would confine Its charity
to its own members. Steps were taken to
E reserve to the membership several mem
ers who are In danger of being pre
cluded.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
At the session of the Senate at Lake
George, New York, James E. Field, who
represents California in that body, was
elected doorkeeper, and as that makes
him one of the grand officers for the cur
rent year he will return to the next ses
sion without election, and it will give Cal
ifornia another delegate.
At the meeting of California Council
last Tuesday night an announcement was
made of the funeral service held over
the remains of the late J. J. Lerri, who
was killed by the explosion at Melrose.
A number of applications were read and
at the next meeting there will be sev- |
eral candidates to initiate. Junior ex- ;
President Hastings announced the fact |
that State Senator Field had been elected
one of the grand officers of the senate
of the order. Under good and welfare
there was presented a piano solo by R.
Forster, an enjoyable performance; an
address by W. A. S. Nicholson, vocal solo
by J. Semerifi and vocal selections by the
quartet; also a few remarks by N. R.
Arter, president of Golden Gate Council
on the subject of appropriate colors for
paraphernalia.
On Saturday night the members of the
local cabinet paid an official visit to Pa
cific Council and a pleasant evening was
spent.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
There will be a meeting in the East in
the latter part of September of the grand
protectors and grand secretaries for the
purpose of consulting with the propagat
ing committee, with a view to extend tho
order. It is probable that Grand Pro
tector Mrs. Wheelock and Grand Secre
tary Quitzow will attend that meeting.
The following- officers of Magnolia
Lodge were installed last week: Mary
Smith, P. P.; J. Stanley, P.: Nellie
Dockery, V. P.; H. L. Finniger, C; C. J.
Joyer. T.; J. J. Hicks, S. ; R. M. McLane.
G. ; Mrs. J. C. Copp, guard; J. P. Dock
ery. O. S., and A. P. Dubose. C. of G.
After the ceremony, which was held In
Pythian Castle, there was un evening of
entertainment and a collation.
The officers of West End Lodge were
installed last week by Deputy Mrs. F.
Weber, assisted by Mrs. Mary Price, as
guide. The ceremony was followed by
addresses and refreshments.
The grand protector has two n'.-vr
lodges In process of organization.
Arrangements are being made for the
celebration of the twenty-first anniver
sary of the order, which will fall on the
7th of September.
THE FATAL BLOW AT LAST.
Wretched Looking Messenger— Beg
pardon, Mr. Brown; it's come at larst!
I'm entirely dependent on myself. My
wife's been and got a separation order.
Punch.A PLAIN HEAVY WH!TE SATIN FOR A WIDOW EMERGING FROM MOURNING.
/." :':'■•; '" Special to The Sunday Call.
'•■■■•. rr. .EW YORK, Aug. 5.— evening
'•'"•■' T^ssJl dresses there Is no end in sum
■- j:>M Jner> for the Bummer woman
'.■'•■ I"; 1 . |. ' merely exists during the morn
■?■"•■"<£. i,:".0 ir.^c and the gTeater part of the
•;•■.■.•'■".;■;■. afternoon she wears a bicycle
Vdr.esßV which is succeeded by a neglige
•.' lhy.the" late afternoon. It is only when
the-..candlea are lighted and the ball room
•-.lampi". gleam under their subdued s!!k
-.. s6ade3 ! "that she comes out resplendent,
;'-. : 'ar.<l;.then she wears some of the ruffled
"•'; •ere : ftti.p-n£" which have made the Eummer
.■;M«iHmn fairnous in song and story.
.\l", 'There 1 rfever were so many handsome
■•-,:' . Summer fabrics as can be found this
.-y'ekf,.'-- .Their novelty is shown in many
•■ ''d-t'fjL'-o'rent ways. l saw a waist last even
■ '...-U&itijp .the seaside pavilion of a summer
.Jfßsa'rt-Ii looked as though it were a
..' ; ? <JOsl .ai-ms. It was made >/f pearl gray
:\. ■•tgite'tav. -covered from neck to belt with
. .-Bih-aW-. cut. steel beads. These, the wearer
'V'l.ofd . rr> liatl been sewed on laboriously
'•■ with h"er .own hands. She had j made
.•\. ••"f.ah.ey- needlework oi it and had employed
■ vTij^pw-lelsure- hours since, the hollde> - in
■,-"g6tt(.nie "up this waist. It was brght
v- ■■'•"'■.-'■• '. ■'. : dazzling brilliancy and as sue
•.'ta-j=kC'"rT,- ; . the mere motion of her body
: : . •c^.uX'.edJ-'the steel to send out bright flashes
.'-.;• "ajerdss --the radiantly lighted pavilion.
•:'."• ■.■Another-, gown attra< attention In
s^qtiifej -as novel a v.-ay. Steel beads are
".■Joidr^tjt; .the manner of disposing of them
:,'.-iiv rh.e -case which I saw, really was new.
• j.Tlje-\.go"w-n was worn by a young matron
•"•'•■•£?.«- was made of steel blue silk, or it
.'rrnght'- have been thin poplin, for the two
'..■■T-uh. together so closely that it is difficult
v-;'tfif" distinguish them.
.:.. : JMofcvV- yelour, which looks exactly like
•*wa.t-.ered silk, may have a linen back, and
".;-'a": : pp'plrri, which is supposed to be part
•llhp.n.-inay be entirely acked with shiny
.•s;i.k_ - -' -
.■:■'■ ■ : r..h*? dress of steel colored silk was pro
ornamented with round steel beads,
hi..':-. .were distributed like sunbursts all
■ -o-ver. -the. gown. The beads varied in size
■ like tilarhonds in a star and were put on
. '.i'-v^lti. the large ones in the nter. Grad
. ;-ua-t-Ij\ihiey pointed toward the or.ds. Th<
." •ii»y6 of. each sunburst might have been
■•vfQ\H inches in length.
.;: : J)iis dress was extremely artistic and
• well' deserved the attention which it re
•••■<«lved.; .
/.• .1 -was ' somewhat surprised to see a
.'.'•widow who was wearing heavy mourning
V;dre.sst,'d -in a gown of plain white satin.
It had a dull finish rather than a shln
lng..hrill!ancy. The fact that it was satin
.'■:w.ou!d have debarred it. years ago. from
'•. -hi;ournlng wear. I spoke to a lady mod
.••■.'isje'- about this and she said that f?atin
•■'* as worn a great deal even in deep
;. ; m'oXirning, its lusteriess qualities being
iivimir.'-d.
'.This young widow, who was receiving
•'. considerable attention at one of oui sum
.:-rnrr r'KortH. was dressed i:i a dead white,
■""■tWe 'dullest 1 ever saw. Her dress was
/i'-ful}- around the foot with a long, narrow
v'-.cc&rt; train in the I ack. The train had
. ■its , origin at the waist line and fell about
- a'-var-d upon the ground. An immense
\'"n'hfte'-.satin sash was fastened between
■• tfie'.-shpulderfi and the ends, which con
■■ -alsted- of a full width of double satin,
"'..feH'.=nearly to the end of the train.
.. ! She wore black suede slippers and
■"..s.to^kings beaded with dull black jet. Her
•;'.g:l f n-. .were of black suede and she car
.';'rl-4d a white fan embroidered In black
-'satin figures. Her corsage was a bunch of
•'bla.ek velvet loops and flowers and around
"h"er .w.a'ist was a black tin belt. This
'; Ingenious combination of black and white
.:%s ■">•«■>• showy and decidedly French.
;;-It/.was a relief from the brilliant black
" .arid .white plaids which one often sees
:: in;-, mourning. The plain effect was re-!
: msr£ably heighi by a big white
chrysanthemum, which nestled In her
■■-eH-stenlng black psyche knot.
;.'■ .'Thjey are making sleeves of watered
'.:-iiT,a£erials. The moire velour referred to
•.j.qo'mes. at 50 cents a yard in all colors and
-l-.HtaJie.'; very pretty sleeves. There Is a
'•■ i-'ul'-star.cf; to this material which is dur
, al;.lr-.:'f'ir those who wear heavy sleeves —
..'or; ■rather, substantial sleeves. All sorts
• Of. -crinkled and watered silks ore used
sleeves, and it Is not an uncommon
' glght to see a bodice of plain silk or
f. satin, or even oloth with these crinkled
•.••■' <3}\ .watered novelty sleeves.
■ • ..Skirts are largely trimmed with accor
•'•«£?" plaited ruffles which vary in depth.
: They .are fashionable made In any width.
•,,-and .you see them at the dances all the
■ ; »'tfy from two inches? to two feet wide.
.."A very pretty way to finish a ruffle Is
: ..with bands of velvet. This may be tw-st
•; - *d so as to make a velvet roll. The roll
■■;.fis.set at the head of the ruffle and affords
f 1?. -x^ery nice finish. '
: . ... 3«aw a flresa of pale pink mull dam
. -..my. combined with velvet The sleeves
..this •dresa were of crinkled material
■. and tha waist and skirt were of mull over
• =a.,colored foundation. The skirt was
• trimmed with two ruffles of mull, one
.-. b.efnia: much narrower than the other. At
: "the head of each ruffle was a big heavy
: : ,ro;ilof magenta velvet, which was crush
>d. -so .as to form a multitudinous fold.
The. waist had a band of the same vel
"across the neck and a narrow belt of
■th(f Jfame caught with a dull gold buckle.
Vlt-ls quite the fad to wear "natural flow
e'rs,.to match the embroidered flowers
■■trppn the waist. This dress of pink mul!
• an.d 'magenta velvet was embroidered
: 'uprin the waist with long, narrow chrys
, >r.fh«num petals in pale yellow. The
•■ waist, was silt to show a vest of pink
:'%ehi=na silk. The embroidered leaves ex
.': tended trie full length of the waisi each
"nl.de of . the vest, and they were sot off
' -.wJth: a- Mny tracing of most delicate ereen
.-'Jea-vea. j
'"■••'rhe natural flowers worn by this young
'•.■-woman wf>re supposed to be chrysanthe
' .riiump. but as the chrysanthemum is
••strictly a winter flower, they were rhina
, a*tors.of the description that used to
'. : gro-w In grandmother's garden. These
asters were long and feathery and were
grouped upon the shoulders at each side
of the neck.
Another new fabric is the latest gren
adine. Grenadihe is peculiar — it is ever
old and ever new. The ladies who danced
i with Lafayette wore grenadine, so also
do those who are now dancing with the
Prince of AYales. Grenadines are as nu
merous as summer days, and they are
also ls varied in price. You can get gren
adlne, after a fashion, for -10 cents, and I
had almost said that you could go up as
high as $4H for it. This new grenadine
of hich I speak is a compromise be
tween 40 ents and $40. To be exact, it
j comes at $4 50 per yard. >
The $4 50 per yard grenadine is bewll
l deringly beautiful. It is very fine—
than that, every thread in it is the purest
silk. The threads are woven very loosely,
so that the lining Bhows through. The
latest Importations of this lovely material
come only in two patterns— plaids and lig
ures.
In the plaid grenadinVs all of the new
colons are found. They are blended in the
most»perfect harmony, and are grouped
in squares of about two inches, some pat
terns being larger. Each square is rals.-d
upon the surface of the goods and run
ning lengthwise between each panel of'
the§e box-like figures is a stripe of what
I appears •to be very narrow slik ribbon.
This ribbon, is really the body of the
goods, for the other ptfrTJOji Of'it seemfi
too licate and weblike to handle. '
The figured grenadine has woven in It
all the most delicate flowers of garden
or wood. I saw one pattern of deep
olive green with raised forget-me-nots
sprinkled over it, and another of the
richest golden brown traced In red
honeysuckle blossoms. A pattern that
would do for any one who does not care
for anything quite as Bhowy as the two
Just mentioned was of very shiny black
covered with bunches of wisteria
blooms.
Of course these expensive grenadines
are lined with taffeta silk generally the
color of the background of the goods,
and this maki s th.- prie of a costume
run up to an enormous amount: but
when you consider the beauty of the
gown, the length of time tnat it will last
If carefully worn, tho satisfaction you
derive from admiring glances, after all
you feel doubly repaid for the outlay
upon it.
A word must be said about Jewels
with summer toilettes. Do not expend
too much money upun them to wear
upon the hands and arms or around the
throat. Trim your costumes with as
many as you can possibly afford. If you
possess two or three brooches of real
stones or t yen the peml-preclous orna
ments, pin them with studied negli
gence over the yoke of your gown: or. if
it is docollette. put> thorn where they
will be seen to an advantage without
seeming as if you wanted to exhibit
them, and you will be much more fash
ionable than If your arms are burdened
with two or three bracelets and your
throat entwined In a string of pearls or
other ornaments.
This is the latest . fad of the fashion
ables. HELEN WARD.
FLOWERS ON
SUNSHADES.
Special from Paris.
5a r? ANY sunshades arp made of taf
|\w\\ fotas or moupseline de sole,
1 ZIL \ trimmed with ruches headed with
comet ribbons, or trimmed with
bouillonnes of gathered mousseline de
Another novelty, even more recent
ly introduced, is that of covering sun
- with tufts of artificial flowers, or
with branches of fruit trees. They are
ornamented with long strawberry run
ners or branches of cherry with fruit and
flowers. I doubt whether this fashion
will take very well, for it makes the sun
shade very inconvenient to carry when
closed.
The sunshade mentioned above is of
cream colored taffetas. Each panel is
trimmed along the seams with a ruche
of white mousßelino. de sole, which ap
pears to meet In the center round an
other ruche which encircles the stick.
The center at each pane] is decorated
With ■ similar ruche, which meets two
gathers of white taffetas. Tho sunshade
la edged with a larger ruche of mousse-
Unede sole. The ribs are covered with
white silk. The stick is of white wood.
with a ducks head in gold, with rubles
for eyes, for a handle.
SUMMER
DRESSES
yf=^ ONSIDERING girls' summer dress
(\ fp. a writer in Harper's Bazar says:
\\y; "For church and party wear there
S — is, of course, great latitude allowed,
but for play and general every-day
wear very simple little frocks are con
sidered good style, and there seems to be
a great wish to have everything as prac
tical as possible. Guimpe dresses are not
worn now by children older than 12, but
many of the dresses are trimmed to look
as though they wore worn with a guimp*\
having a square or a round yoke and ,i
wide ruffle, just as a guimpe dress is
finished around the neck and shoulders.
Unless a girl is very tall for her agt,
plain skirts look the best; but if she in
tall, the skirt could have ruffles on it.
Shirt waists are now part of every litt:e
girl's wardrobe, and certainly they look
much better on children than they do on
TTIE SAN FBA^CTSCO CALL, STTNDAT, AUGUST 7, 1898.
A DRESS STUDDED WITH CUT STEEL SUNBURSTS.
NEW FABRICS
FOR EVENING
DRESSES 1
older women, who have the shirt waist
habit to an alarming extent. It is a mis
take to have too elaborate shirt waists
for children. The prettiest are really
very simple, and look best worn with h
ribbon around the throat Instead of ;«.
collar. A collar is hi Iff and old. The
prettiest model has a little fullness on
the Bhoulders drawn down into the belt, a
yoke at the back, and medium sized sleeves
finished with a narrow cult t'> lie fastened
with link buttons, nut studs. These shirts
are worn with linen, pique or Berge skirts,
and the best belt to buy fur a child is a
ribbon of some dark color, to go twlcr
around the waist and tie in fiont with a
bow."
■ ♦ ■
SWEET
LAVENDER
THE very name "sweet lavender"
calls up to the mind's eye the heavy,
Ironbound, carved oaken bridal chests
whose piles of dainty linen grew un
der the girlish twinkling fingers of our
dear great-grandmothers— thtir visible
castles of Spain. She always gathered
fresh lavender as her pih-s of linen In
creased, imd packed it away in the white
folds, which were not complete without
the clean, homely perfume.
Us odor is just as unobtrusively sweet
and fresh and dainty for us as for our
grandmothers.
Like many another fad from the times
of the minuet, lavender has come back
into fashion, though in the old English '
homes it has never been out.
It should be gathered when the purple
flowers are just out, before they begin to
. fade and drop, and In the morning' early.
I No flower's perfume is most perfect after
! the sun has shone on it long. Snip off the
| long- .stems, leaving the spikes covered
: y/ith the tiny purple blossoms, and sew
i into thin bags while fresh.
Make a double-lining of flowered or
gandie to fit your bureau drawer and tack
it around the edges with silk floss. Slip
! the heads of lavender in between the lay
j ers of organdie and hold it in place with
i knots of silk the same as the cotton is
kept in place in a comforter.
This is the time of year for gathering
lavender, and it can be bought on the
i street corners if you are not so happy as
j to have it growing in your garden. Fifty
cents' worth will make a large pad, which
will keep its fragrance till the next sea
son's lavender is ready.
Besides the perfume value of the lav
ender there is another value which very
few people know. Moths or flees will have
nothing to do with it. If you scatter the
; flowers through the trunks of winter
clothing which you put away to keep from
the moths it will be quite as efficacious
as tobacco or patent moth balls, and de
cldedly more pleasant -when you take the
garments out in the autumn. Furs, to be
I quite secure, should be wrapped with lav
ender and sealed up airtight by pasting
■ the paper instead of tying it.
mRS. LTMAN ABBOTT, in the
July Ladies' Home Journal, lays
down eight rules that are essen
tial to a minister's successful
church and pastoral work. These she
has the minister himself proclaim:
1. I must be always ready to call when
invited.
2. Must catch at every straw of an er
rand to take me to one of my people.
3. Draw out from others their interests
rather than intrude my own, but always
assume a common interest in the im
provement of the town.
THIS GIRL WEARS FLOWERS EMBROIDERED UPON HER VEST TO
MATCH THE NATURAL ONES ON HER SHOULDERS.
4. Never leave a house without having 7. Study especially the Master's way,
something on which to hang another call. and try to carry his spirit with me.
5. Never meet a person with criticism 8. Keep always in mind that it is my
or fault-finding. business to bring men to a consciousnesa
6. Prepare for calling as truly as forof God, and to an understanding of their
preaching. relationship with him.
GOOD TEETH AMD BEAUTY.
This department is for the benefit of all beauty seekers, and correspond
ence is cordially invited. Questions will be answered in these columns. Sign
any name that you choose, and address all communications to Mme. Hygela,
The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
Cp=?\ EAUTIFUL teeth add greatly to
V-^sl a woman's attractiveness. A
r~j) mouth full of Irregular, unsigM;y
)' — -y teeth will detract from the most
perfect loveliness in other re
spects, and many a face otherwise plain
and unprepossessing has been entirely re
deemed by a fine set of teeth.
The most beautiful teeth and those
which are best suited to the purposes for
which they were designed are of medium
size, and neither pearly white nor deeply
tinted, but of a good, sound color be
tween the very white and ivory. The ex
terior of every tooth is divided into crown
and fang, the crown being the portion
above the gum. the fang the portion be
low. The outside covering of the crown
is a hard substance called enamel. In the
interior of the tooth, surrounded by the
dentine, or softer bone, js a cavity, which
contains the essential preservatives of the
tooth.
The utmost care and attention must be
given to the teeth in early youth. The
bones, like other bones of the body, de
pend upon nutrition for health, and the
teeth of a child who is insufficiently
nourished will show early signs of de
fective structure and decay. A variety
of good food is necessary, and this should
be thoroughly masticated. A lack of
proper mastication is one of the most
fruitful causes of indigestion. Hot moats
and foods alternating with ice-cold
drinks are most disastrous to the teeth.
Among all civilised nations Americans
are said to have the worst teeth, and it
is attributed to their indiscriminate use
of hot and cold dishes and drinks.
To preserve and properly tare for the
teeth, daily attention is necessary. The
less dentrifice used the better. Some of
the advertised nostrums will do just what.
they claim to do— whiten the teeth; but
at the expense of the enamel, and will
cause sad havoc in the vital parts? of th*
teeth. So, avoid them. Also avoid soap
dentrifices. as nearly all of them tend to
make the teeth yellow.
1 think most people recognize the im
portance of cleaning the teeth daily, but
they do not all of them realize that It is
quite as neceaaary to clean them at night
as in the morning. The fact is that a
waxed silk thread should be run between
the teeth of both jaws after every meal,
in order to dislodge any particles of food
which may have remained after eating,
after which the mouth should be thor
oughly rinsed.
The toothbrush should not be too stiff
and the bristles should be of irregular
lengths. Dip the brush in clear, tepid
water into which two or three drops of
tincture of myrrh have been mixed and
brush the teeth upward and downward,
but never across. Myrrh is astringent
and purifying and sweetens the breath as
nothing else will. Charcoal, pumice-stone
and all other gritty substances if em
ployed will Injure the enamel.
The best base for tooth powders is pre
pared (not precipitated) chalk. To this
add some powdered orris root, which
gives it a pleasant flavor and has a favor
able effect on the gums. It is also useful
to chew a bit of orris root, which Brown-
I ing says Florentine ladies love to use in
mass time.
A decayed tooth should have immediate
attention, but never have it extracted if
it is possible to save it by treatment and
filling. There ia nothing that will whiten
the teeth so thoroughly and give such a
delightful taste in the mouth as a fresh
strawberry, and from the time they ap
pear in the spring until they have said
their good-by every woman should use
one. Merely rub it over the teeth until
it is entirely crushed, and then rinse the
mouth with tepid water, so that none of
the tiny seeds will get between the teeth.
There is absolutely nothing more refresh
ing than this strawberry mouth wash.
Never pick the toeth with a metnUic
substance and never under any circum
stances pick the teeth at the table.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
ROSE R.— I would advise you to get an
ounce of alcohol, and in it dissolve five
grains of quinine. Apply this to the eye
brows every otner night, and on the
nights In between times massage very
gently wth the lingers dipped in pure olive
oil.
SADIE B.— You made a mistake. The
article that you saw was not one of mine,
but was from an Eastern correspondent
to the paper, and the salesman referred
to is in one of the shoe stores in the East.
KITTY M.— l am so sorry your cream
was not a success. Your druggist did not
uso the proper proportions or else did not
take tho trouble to mix the ingredients
properly. It takes great care and at least
an hour's time to mix them properly.
The cream should be as firm and white :
as the petal of a lily, ft ;o always is. !
Send me your address and six cents in !
stamps and I will send you a litue of j
mine to compare with yours, r d then if
you like it, why not try making it your- t
BY MME. HYGEIA
I self? I will give you the most explicit
directions.
GOLD ELSIE— only way possible
to regain the white neck is to cease wear
ing high collars. They are responsible
for mo. t of the yellow necks and so long
as the cause continues the effect will re
main, Use this whitening wash every
night: One-fourth ounce white rose
leaves steeped, in one-fourth pint each of
fresh lemon Juice and brandy for three
hours. Press, strain and decant. Put on
cold cream, too, whenever It Is conven
ient. Do write to me again after you
have tried this treatment and let me know
if it was successful."
MRS. C. E. C— Here is a recipe for tha
very best cold cream that I know of:
Pure white wax, Vg ounce.
. Spermaceti, lVi ounces.
Sweet almond oil, I^4 ounces.
Rose water, % ounce.
Take this only to a flrst-class druggist,
who will take the time and pains to mix
the ingredients properly. Massage thla
well into the skin at night with the tips
of the fingers; let remain ten or fifteen
minutes and then wipe away with a soft
cloth.
A SUBSCRIBER— meal, if pure,
is most excellent for the skin and a nice
way to use it is to put it into little
cheesecloth bags, moisten thoroughly and
rub over the skin. For the blackheads
scrub the face each night with a camel's
hair face brush, pure castile soap and
tepid water and use this lotion: One-half
pint rose water, one-half pint orange wa
ter; add drop by drop one-half ounce
simple tincture benzoin, six minims tinct
ure myrrh and a few drops of glycerine.
Merely sponge the surface lightly with
the lotion. '
F. F. F.— You probably are not perfect
ly strong physically, which is the causo
of your hair falling out. Anything that
will strengthen the constitution is pretty
sure to bring luxuriant locks. Why not
try the old-time remedy of sage tea on
the hair? It is a splendid invigorator.
Take a handful of the leaves and boil
them into a tea. Add two tablespoon
fuls of alcohol to the quart and use as you
would any tonic, applying it to the roots
of the hair Just before going to bed at
night. Once, a week is altogether too
often to wash the hair. Once every three
or four weeks is better, unless the hair
is excessively oily, in which case once in
two weeks is quite often enough.
FLORENCE SYLVIA THOMPSON— F.
F. F. also asked about falling hair. Read
what I have just said to her.
ZELLA DREW— Taraxacum has the
effect. of cleansing the system of bile or
impurities secreted by the liver. The or
dinary dose is a three-grain pill, which
Is taken twice a day as long as the sys
tem seems to require it. For the com
plaint that you mention you might try
zinc ointment. It is usually efficacious
in that trouble. As I have said before in
these columns, I do not prescribe for dis
ease or complaints, and think that medi
cine should • not be taken unless pre
scribed by one's own particular physi
cian. I can't advise you concerning the
advertised article you mention, as I know
absolutely nothing as to its merits. I do
not believe that superfluous hair can be
permanently removed by the use of a
depilatory- If I were you, I should sim
ply rub prepared chalk on the tiny halra
and pluck them out. It ia the only safe
process of removing them.
L i g.— l do not think the cocoanut
oil will have the effect that you fear.
Oils do stimulate the growth •of hair
where it is inclined to grow, but as it
does not usually show a tendency to grow
on the neck and shoulders, I do not be
lieve that the oil will develop it. /lou
might try milk baths for the neck and
shoulders, or massage them with pu»-«
cream The exercise, if not Indulged in
too violently, should be developing and
strengthening to the muscles and round
out the hollows.
ETHEL— Please read answer to F. F. F.
In addition to what I have told her to do
brush the hair frequently and keep the
ends well clipped. Also every few days
l?v-e the hair a good sunning and airing:.
ROSE-Soaklng the hands and feet in
very hot water will often take the color
S^l Wn Thfcall of July 24 I gave
SStfK Z dli °no d tTe^t
usin^he tonic wa S h o the hair once
* t'oi BTA-I PT h h aye aS a wav^understood
that^orl Vower£ bluets and bachelor
utons we're very much the same tWng.
Znme o,ill them one and some tne oiner.
Ste^n $ grammes of the ■ fresh blossoms
n>?3Ud) in one pint of water for twelve
&sf strain ana still. The liquid thus
abtained ; can sbe used without injury to
he eves But if you prefer other treat-
bathing the eyes in war™ borax
tvnter and then amointing the lids With
Ine white vaseline.
2728
THE AUGUST MAGAZINES
The Century.
The August number of the Century has
B. number of features of special timeli
ness. Mrs. Mary Bradford Crownlnshield
writes a striking romance of a Spanish-
Americnn dictator, the title of her story
being "SangTe dc Cristo." Frederick A.
Ober, late commissioner in Porto Rico for
the Columbian Exposition, contributes a
paper on "The Island of Porto Rico," in
which he describes the characteristics of
the land and the people, and tells of the
Vast resources of the island. Osgood
Welsh, an American sugar grower, brings
Out new facts in "Cuba as Seen from the
Inside." Both of these articles are fully
Illustrated. Waiter Russell gives the im
pressions of "An Artist With Admiral
Sampson's Fleet." with sketches from na
ture of bombardments and the capture of
prizes. Surgeon Genera] George M. Stern
berg of the United States army discusses
"The Sanitary Regeneration of Havana."
Dr. Bternberg believes that it Is possible
to stamp out yellow fever and other epi
demic diseases, bui that the task will be
one of great magnitude and expense. Hon.
Frank A. Vanderlip, Assistant Secretary
of the Treasuryi presents "Facts About
the Philippines, with a Discussion of
Pending Problems." The destruction of
the Spanish fleet in Manila Bay is de-
Bcribed by three eye-witnesses, there be
ing narratives by Colonel George A. Loud.
Dr. Charles P. Kindleberger, Junior sur
geon of the Olympia, and Joel C. Evans
gunner of the Boston. There is also given
Colonel Loud's diary, written during the
battle. Gustav Kobbe tells of "The
Trumpet in Camp and Battle." "Mark
Twain" is represented by a characteris
tic article. "The Austrian Edison Keeping
Bchool Again." The Century Company,
Now York.
Harper's
Two striking works of fiction arc nota
ble attractions of the August number of
Harper's Magazine— "The Monster," by
. Stephen Crane, and "The Lord c .lief Jus
tice," by H. B. Marriott Watson. George
W. Smalley contributes an interesting
paper of reminiscences and anecdotes of
Mr. Gladstone, and a valuabk- and susc
eestlve estimate of the character of the
Prince of Wales la contained in an article
entitled "If the Queen Had Abdicated "
The number also include.- "The Convict
System In Siberia," by Stephen Bonsai;
••Under the Spoil of the Grand Canyon."
by T. Mitchell Prudden. and the conclud
ing chapters of "Roden's Corner," by
Henry Seton Merriman. Three short sto
ries, in addition to tbose already mrn
...tloned. the usual departments, and an
abundance of artistic illustrations com
plete a particularly attractive number
of this famous magazine. Harper &
Brothers, New York.
Scribner's.
As usual for Scribner's this is a fiction
number. And, it might bo added, is fully
equal to any of the magazines that has
come during the last ten years. This
year the colored cover Is one of the four
THE COMBAT BETWEEN COLONELS WASHINGTON AND TARLETON
AT THE BATTLE OF THE COWPENS.
From "The Story of the Revolution," in Scribner's Magazine for August.
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
The grand patron and the grand mat
ron paid a visit to Idlr-wild Chapter at
Santa Cruz lust Wednesday.
Next Wednesday the grand matron will
visit Carita Chapter, and on the 12th she
will visit Unity Chapter. On the 23d she
will visit the chapter at Healdsburg. She
also contemplates a visit to the chapter
In Lake port.
Ivy Chapter is preparing for an enter
tainment to be given in September.
Pasi Grand Patron M«-rritt and wife
left for the East last Thursday.
TIIE ODD FELLOWS.
Myrtle Lodge No. 275 will on Tuesday
r«xt be consolidated with Golden Gate
Lodge No. 204.
During the past week Grand Master
Karl C. Breuck visited the lodges In the
southern part of the State as follows:
August 2, Santa Barbara; August 3, Ven
tura; August 4, America at Los Angeles;
August 6. Oceanside. He will, in the fu
ture, vipit as follows: August 9, Sunset
at San Diego; August 10, Escondldo; Au
gust 11, Santa Ana; Ausrust 12, Pomona;
August 13. Token at San Bernardino;
August 16, Seaside at Santa Monica; Au
gust 17, Embarcadero at Wilmington, and
August 18, Bowon at San Pedro.
The trustees of the home at Thermallto
went to that place yesterday to hold a
meeting and pass upon the applications of
several Odd Fellows who seek admission.
A number of improvements are being
made at the home which will greatly add
to the comfort* of the inmates.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge will meet In
Boston next month and the committee
that will have charge of the reception,
prize designs by Albert Herter, and It
Is a brilliant example of decorative print-
Ing. The most ambitious scheme In col
or-printing undertaken by an American
magazine is the reproduction of eight
full-page designs by Henry McCarter
which accompany E. S. Martin's noble
poem. "The Sea Is His." The way in
which the shading of color is attained is
mechanically ingenious and artistically
effective. It is a novelty in color print
ing, even for experts. The war has nec
essarily crowded out some of the illus
trated short stories. Richard Harding
Davis continues his brilliant chapters of
the war. with an amusing- description of
the life at Tampa just before the sailing
of General Shafter's expedition. He aptly
calls it "The Rockingchair Period of the
War." The contrasts of character seen
on the piazza? of the Tampa. Bay Hotel;
the amusing differences of the point of
view among the troops from various
States; indeed, all the romance and com
edy of the impromptu army assembled
at "Tampa in May and June are deplet
ed by Mr Davis. Following the text very
closely is a series of illustrations from
photographs mad.: by Dwlght L. Elmen
dorf. which are not only realistic but ar
tistic Mr. Davis also rends a brilliant
account of "The Landing of Shatters
Army " and the raising of the American
flag ' Other features of Scribner s are all
of thr highest class and deeply Interest
ing Charles Scribner's Sons, New \orK.
Lippincotfs.
The complete novel In the August Issue
of Llppincotfs, "The Last Rebel." Is by
Joseph A. AHsheler, now well-known as
a writer of war stories. The scene Is a
lonesome post In the southern Alleghan
ies held for the Confederacy by a chival
rous monomonlac after the unpleasant
ness of 1861-65 had ended. The action
deals with the experiences of a North
erner who unadvisedly wandered into
those parts and found himself a prisoner.
The other features of the rnagazlno . n-e
timely and Interesting. J. o. Ltpplnco.t
Company, Philadelphia.
S\ Nicholas.
The August St. Nicholas is full of sea
sonable and timely articles. It will surely
Interest all youngsters. The v_cntu-y
Ccmpanj , New York.
The Atlantic.
Without excluding other important top
ics, the August Atlantic is noticeably a
fiction number, and contains a grc up of
short stories if great variety and exceed
ing interest.
Morgan Robertson, whose remarkably
Interesting sea stories have been widely
welcomed, tells In "Where Angels Fear
to Tread" of the marvelous adventures of
a crew of lake schooner sailors decoyed
into a square rigged ship for a long ocean
voyage; their sufferings, how they pun
ished their tormentors, and what finally
resulted; the whole told with the odor of
salt water and the touch of rugged truth.
comfort and entertainment of the mem
bers of the sovereign body have made ar
rangements to that end. On the 17th
there will be an excursion down Boston
harbor to the historic city of Salem,
where there will be served a genuine New
England dinner. On the 18th there will
be a service by Rev. Edward Everett
Hale in the Church of the Disciples, also
in other churches; on the 19th the Gov
ernor of the State will welcome the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge, as will also the
Mayor of Boston, Grand Patriarch Fuller
and Mary E. Nevins on behalf of the Re
bekah branch. The response will be by
Grand Sire Carleton. in the evening
there will be a grand banquet, the follow
ing evenings there will be receptions and
entertainments, and on the 22d there will
be the conferring of the degree of chivalry
to be followed the next night by the pub
lic Installation of the officers in Copley
Hall.
THE REBEKAHS.
The members of Templar Rebekah
Lodge have made arrangements for a
dramatic entertainment, to be given in
their hall In the Odd Fellows' building
on the evening- of the 13th of August.
The entertainment will be followed by a
dance.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will have work
in the initiatory degree at Its next meet
ing, and as the work is always well done
there those who will attend will enjoy
a treat.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge at Its last held
meeting had two candidates to initiate.
It has appointed a committee to arrange
for an entertainment to be given In the
near future.
MANCHESTER UNITY.
Next Tuesday a new lodge of Odd Fel
THE SA^T FEAXCT^CO CALL, STTNT)AT, AUGUST 7, 1898.
Among other features are M. P. Whit
marsh's "Driftwood," "The Commodore,"
by Justine Ingersoll, and "The Tinkling
Simllns," by Miry Tracy Earle. Hough
ton, Mlfflin & Co., Cambridge.
Frank Leslies.
In Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for
August, the United States army Is ap
propriately at the front. In an admirably
illustrated article by Frederick S. Daniei.
The development of our army from colon
ial times to tho present day Is pictur
esquely traced, and American military
warfare In general is well described. A
most fortuitous timeliness favors the fine,
up-to-date portraits of Generals Miles,
Shafter. Merritt, Otis, Breckinrldge, Gra
ham and others. Hlanea de Freyre Tib
bits gives some highly interesting per
sonal reminiscences, with family photo
graphs of Don Carlos, the chivalrous Pre
tender to the throne of Spain. Frank
Leslie Publishing House, New York.
McClure's.
Short stories by Rudyard Kipling, Row
land E. Robinson, William Allen White,
THEY BURIED V\m.
From "Heroes of the Deep," in tht; Century Magazine for August.
lows, Manchester Unity, the fourth In this
city, will be institute! in Mission Opera
Hall by District Deputy J. T. Wild, as
sisted by a team from Loyal California
Lodge No. 1, A banquet will follow the
institution and the installation of the of
ficers.
This will soon be followed by the insti
tution of a ladles' auxiliary lodge.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Marshall Council No. 202, the bahy of the
local parlors, will give a ball on the even-
Ing of the 20th of August in Washington
Square Hall, and as it will be the first
event of social character by the sons of
the north end the committee having
charge of tho affair, consisting of Messrs.
Leon Velller, Lewis, Rose, Farrell and
Gilbert, will do all that can be done to
make the affair one of the best that has
ever been given in that part of the city.
Sequoia Parlor at its last hold meeting
initiated seven candidates. At the begin
ning of the year the parlor had 114 names
on Its roll and now it has 167. The mem
bers will endeavor to reach the 200 mark
before the close of the year.
Energetic committees having been ap
pointed from the parlors of this city and
those of Alameda County, they will work
with a will to make the celebration of
Admission day In San Jose a great suc
cess.
The following named officers of Athena
Parlor have been installed for the cur
rent term by Leonard Stone, D. I). G. P.,
assisted by W. H. L. Hynes: J. N. Fogar
ty, P. P.; C. H. Green, P.; M. G. Per
kins, W. E. Dean and R. J. Mont
gomery. V. P's. ; A. B. Champion, M. ;
F. A. Losh, S.; Ben F. Woolner, T. W.
Moran, trustees; Drs. J. L. Milton and
W. D. Huntington, surgeons; C. A. Le
fevre, I. 8.; and E. G. Buswell Jr., O. S.
During the evening Beach Dean, G. B.
Champion and A. E. Sherman were ini
tiated in a creditable manner. A ban
quet followed the installation and the one j
hundred who occupied seats at the table i
were, after the black coffee, entertained
with Bpeeches and songs.
Grand President Corney has sent out a
circular letter to all the parlors calling
attention to the celebration to be held
In San Jose on the 9th of September, and
suggests to those parlors unable by rea- |
son of distance to attend that celebration i
that it is their duty to have local cele- j
bratlons with appropriate exercises.
Grand Secretary Lunstedt has sent out
circulars calling 1 attention to the appoint
ment of employment committees as no- '
ticed In The Call of last Sunday. He !
has also issued a list of the members of ■
the local parlors who compose the board
of relief. The officers are H. F. Morton, '
president; W. H. Hazell, vice-president; j
Cutcliffe Hyne, and several others, make
McClure's Magazine for Aug'ist especi
ally a fiction number. In Mr. Kipling's
story we have a new and most diverting
chapter in the llvc-s of those most inge
nious and audacious English school boys
—Stalky, Beetle and McTurk. In Mr.
White's we have an account of the first
real passion of our old friend, the King
of Boyville Winfield Hancock Pennlng
ton, familiarly known as "Piggy." The
other stories are no less characteristic of
their authors, and all are interesting,
cneerful and wholesome, affording a di
verslon that is both nutritious and pala
table. The S. S. McClurc Company, New
York.
Outing.
Outing for August, in text and illustra
tion, is up to the high standard of this
popular magazine of amateur sport and
pastime. The number opens with a very
us>'ful article on "How to Get Out of
Trouble in Gulf." by Willie Tucker, and
illustrated by a series of line photographs
by C. T. Turner, showing the best meth
ods when In difficulties. Other notable
features Include: "The Yarn of the
Henry Lunstedt, secretary; and John G.
Joly, treasurer.
OUR NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
Mrs. C. Black, Mrs. Mary Trompetto,
Miss Maud Pas-sett. Mrs. .Miry de Mar
tini and Miss Rosy Quorolos. of Golden
Bar Parlor, Sierra City, visited Downie
ville, to be present at the installation of
the officers of Naomi Parlor, a:ul the visit
was greatly appreciated.
Mrs. Jessie Busch Hemtzen, formerly of
Golden Bar Parlor, has in contemplation
the organization of a new parlor at For
est City. There is in that place an aggre
gation of beautiful Native Daughters,
and as lovable an aggregation as can be
found in any part of the State, and as
it is likely that many of them will be
Induced to join the new parlor, there will
be added another bouquet of California
beauties to the already large cluster.
Miss Florence Farrow, D. D. G. P., as
sisted by Mrs. Mary Costa, Mrs. Lucy
Mayor, Mrs. Shafer and Miss Kate Mc-
Carthy, of Downieville, installed the offi
cers of Golden Bar Parlor at Sierra City
for the current term. The following are
the new officials: Mrs. Hattie Babb, P.;
Miss Madge Devine, Miss Mary Devine
and Mrs. Clara Hlack, vice presidents;
Mrs. Carrie B. Cook, recording secretary;
Mi«s Rosy Quorolos, financial secretary;
Miss Maude Basset t, treasurer; Miss An
nie Kaiser, M.: Mrs. Mary Trompetto, 1.
S. ; Mrs. Mary de Martini, 0- S. MiFS
Ethel Hutchinson, Miss Annie Kaiser
and Past President Kate Dubordiese are
the trustees. The latter, on account of
sickness, was not installed at that time.
After the business of the evening there
was a jolly time, and the installing offi
cers were guests at a collation. They did
not return to their homes until the follow
ing morning.
El Tapome Parlor, Native Daughters;
Mount Bally Parlor, Native Sons, and the
Old Settlers' Association are making ar
rangements for a grand joint celebration
of Admission day in Weaverville. In the
evening there will be a ball.
The members of El Pajaro Parlor, Na
tive Daughters, were last Monday treated
to a surprise visitation by numbers of
Watsonville Parlor, Native Sons, wh.o, on
behalf of the parlor, presented the Native
Daughters a beautiful silk liag. affixed to
an oak staff. The presentation was by
George Radeliffe. D. D. G. P., and the
nag was received by President Nellie
Morrill, who did so in a neat speech. The
ceremony was followed by the singing
of the "Star Spangled Banner."
It was Pajaro Parlor that started the
Red Cross Society In Watsonville. It
gave a patriotic entertainment, which
netted $111, which sum was donated to
the local Red Cross Society, to be used
la fitting out Company D of the Eighth
Yampa." a trans-Atlantic cruise, by E. L.
H. ..icGinnis; "A Bit of Seaflshlng." by
Ed W. Sandys; "To the Catskills
Awheel." by A. H. Godfrey; "Camping in
Comfort." by H. A. Hill; "The Sporting
Clubs of the Adirondack?," by 8. A. Mil
ler, and "A Summer With Tennis Ex
perts," by J. P. Paret. Outing Publishing
Company, New York.
The Cverlard.
"Gold in the Philippines" and the "Offi
cial Reports of the Red Cross" are the
two leading features in the August Over
land. The entire make-up has a distinct
ly original touch. As a distinct depar
ture two strong original poems are
printed. Both are by Mrs. Rose-Soley.
"The War < "haunt of the Woman" Is a
splendid bit of writing, and "The Song of
the Flags" appeals to our best impulses
in these war times. Overland Publishing
Company, San Francisco.
The Forum.
"The Spanish War and the Equilibrium
of the World." by Brooks Adams, is the
Regiment, -which was recruited from the
city named.
I. as Lomas Parlor will give a cascarone
party in Mission Parlor Hall on the night
of the 19th inst.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
The superior chief of honor has ap
pointed the following named as superior
I chiefs of honor: Mrs. Emma Blckford
I of Manchester. N. H., for the Eastern
States; Mrs. Ginevra L. Miller of St
Louis for the Middle and Western States
and Mrs. Mary J. Stewart of California
■ for the Pacific Coast.
Mrs. H. A. Clark, gTand chief of honor
i of Wyoming, Utah and Idaho, was In thin
city last week, and called on Grand Re
! corder Mrs. Kate S. Poland.
On July 21 Ivy Lodge had a very enjoy
> able time, for the members wore treated
' to a good cake walk, four couples taking
part in the contest for a very line cake.
The contest narrowed down to Mrs. Mary
M. Inglcr and Mr. Walklnson and Mrs.
Burg and Bert Llssner. The cake was
awarded to Mrs. Ingler and her partner,
and the second prize went to the other
couple. Last Wednesday night the lodge
had a musical guessing table, which pro
duced a great deal of sport. The prize, a
i pair of cuff buttons, was awarded to Mrs.
! Riechman.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
The new officers of Yerba Buena
odge, after being in office but one
' week gave an exhibition of their
ability In Initiatory work. It was
all memorized and not one officer used a
] book. Past Dictator A. M. McPherson
; and Dictator Joseph Baker are deserving
of praise for the excellent rendition of
I their parts.
The officers of Anchor Lodge were ln-
I stalled In the presenece of the grand offl-
I cers and the members of Liberty Lodge
i who attended in a body.
The officers of Saxon Lodge initiated
candidates last week in the presence of
Grand Dictator Archibald and Colonel L.
Balart, who complimented the officers for
i the excellence of their work.
Supreme Representative C. F. Cvi A
and the grand vice dictator and gra..
1 reporter were present at the installation
of the officers of Germanla Lodge.
Center Lodge followed the installation
of its officers Dy a grand banquet. There
was a fine programme of entertainment.
This lodge at its last held meeting initiat
ed thirteen candidates, the work beins
performed by Grand Dictator Archibald,
assisted by District Deputy Crowe.
The grand dictator has just returned
from the south and reports that the
lodges are doing well there. The one ,v
Fresno initiated twenty-six candidate?
in three weeks.
| Next Saturday all the past dictators of
leading article of the Forum for August.
And an abler article has seldom been
written on a subject of this kind. It
shows deep thought and careful study.
"The Problem of Immortality." by James
H. Hyslop, is also an able article, and one
that contains some startling statements.
The rest of the contents of the Forum
are up to the usual high standard of the
magazine. The Forum Publishing Com
pany, New York.
Review of Reviews.
The wonderful fighting of the first three
days of July around Santiago is described
by expert writers In the Review of Re
views for August. Mr. Winston Churchill
gives In detail the clearest account yet
published of the destruction of Cervera's
fleet. The story as he tells it forms one
of the most thrilling chapters In the his
tory of the American navy. This is fol
lowed by Mr. John A. Church's review of
the land engagements that ended in the
capitulation of Santiago July 17. Both
articles are brilliantly illustrated from
Hemment's photographs taken immedi
ately after the fighting.
The Critic
The first number of The Critic as a
monthly CJuly-August) Is, as the an
nouncement of the change promised,
unique among literary' Journals.
Gcdey's.
Godey's Magazine for August presents
several bright topics for pleasant midsum
mer reading. Among these are the illus
trated travel stories, "Fisher Folk of the
Gulf of Mexico," by Leonora E. Ellis,
and "Life Among the Germans at Frei
burg in Baden," by Katherine F. Reig
hard, that tell of the lives and customs
of certain people little understood by
American readeres. The Godey Company,
New York.
The Parisian,
The Parisian Magazine for August has
among other illustrations a collection of.
half tones of the Paris Salon. The num
ber is devoted almost entirely to fiction,
and contains a representative array of
fine stories by such authors as Paul Bour
g-M. Ernest "Daudet, Max Nordau, Mme.
do Eevet, Silvestre, Rameau, and others.
Piot's Salon picture, "Innocence," appears
on the cover. Parisian Magazine Com
pany, New York.
The National.
Of course it is a "fiction number" for
August. The inclination of the maga
zine reader for the summer season has
been anticipated.
Ladies' Home Journal.
All those who are fond of bright, enter
taining fiction for midsummer reading
will find the August Ladies' Home Jour-
DUSKY FORMS IN THE OLD DAYS LINGERED MOTIONLESS.
From "Under the Spell of the Grand Canyon," in Harper's Magazine fur August.
this city will meet with the Past Dicta
tors' Association in the Alcazar, when the
supreme representatives will give an ac
count of the legislation at the recent ses
clon of the Supreme Lodge and give rea
sons for the action taken.
Golden State Lodge entertained a num
ber of the grand officers last Tuesday and
during the evening the members were en
tertained by addresses by J. W. Ward, P.
G. D., and W. W. Morrison, S. A., on the
condition and prospects of the order.
There was also a collation.
The report for the month of July shows
142 deaths, of which four occurred In Cal
ifornia.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
San Francisco Camp was Instituted last
Wednesday with fifty charter members.
In Mission Masonic Hall. T. M. Perm was
installed as consul commander and H. J.
McCllntock as clerk. This camp will give
Its first "log rolling" on Wednesday, Au
gust 17.
Sunset Camp received two applications
at its meeting Monday evening. Western
Addition Camp has now passed the nine
ty mark, has its new degree team drilled
in fine shape, and has initiations every
Tuesday evening. Calumet Camp has
moved to the Alcazar building, and will
hereafter meet every Monday evening.
Deputy Head Consul Jennings has re
turned from the country, and will devote
all his energies to this camp, up to the
coming Head Camp session. This camp
will initiate seven candidates at its next
meeting night. A new camp is being or
ganized In the Richmond District. Spe
cial Deputy Holder has a list of promi
nent people residing in that section.
Tamalpaiß Camp gave another one of
heir excellent socials last Wednesday
Mght. Their hall was crowded to the
loors. This ramp gives a social regu
arly once a month.
The board of head managers will hold
ts final quarterly meeting at the Ar-
Ington Hotel in Oakland, August 16.
hese consist of J. C. Baird of Cheyenne
Vyo. ; W. C. Hawley of Salem. Ore.; H*
-n. Haynes of Qreeley, Colo.; J. C. Lat
shß.tr of Pueblo, Colo., and I. L Boak of
nal entirely to tholr taste. As usual the,
August issue of the Journal Is largely
eiven up to short stories, there being nine
in the one number, and all by well-known
writers. Ladies' Home Journal, Phila
delphia.
The Cosmopolitan.
For August the Cosmopolitan is a fic
tion number. All of the stories are read
able and interesting. The most unique
of these is "The Appetite Cure." by Mark
Twain. The Cosmopolitan Publishing
Company, Irvington, N. Y.
What to Eat.
This magazine of hygiene is full of
timely and valuable hints. Pierce &
Pierce, Minneapolis. Minn.
The Arena.
John Clark Ridpath, editor of the Are
na contributes a most able article enti
tled "The United States and the Concert
of Europe." He reviews the entire ques
tion of an Anglo-Saxon alliance and gl ve9
some good reasons against such a bond.
As usual, the Arena contains a number
of the finest articles obtainable on reli
gious and sociological subjects. B O.
Flower also contributes a good article
concerning the Anglo-Saxons. 'The Ex
tirpation of Consumption" is the title of
an article by Lincoln Cotman. M. D., that
contains some very radical suggestions.
But there is no denying that the disease
calls for radical handling. The Arena
Company, Boston, Mass.
Magazines Received.
MIND. Psychology, metaphysics, oc
cultism. The Alliance Publishing Com
pany, New York.
LAND OF SUNSHINE. A magazine of
California and the West. Charles F.
Lummls. Los Angeles.
AINSLEE'S MAGAZINE. Appropriate
short stories. Howard, Alnslee & Co.,
THE QUIVER. A magazine for Sun
day and general reading. Cassel & Co.,
L CASSEL'S MAGAZINE. Short stories
and tales of adventure. Cassel & Co.,
London, England.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Supreme Deputy Governor R. W. Mc-
Garvie has returned from his trip to
Santa Cruz and will be present at the
meeting of San Francisco Chapter next
Wednesday, when there will be several
candidates to initiate.
During the past month \\ atsonville
Chapter added nine members, and it has
several applications on the table to be
acted on at the next met-ting. . The
members of that chapter have been con
gratulated upon the prompt paymi
the claim of the beneficiaries of one of
its members who died recently.
Oakland. The Head Camp will convene
in. this city in the Pioneer Hall on Mon
day August 22. Sovereign Consul Com
mander Root and Sovereign Clerk J. C.
Yates of Omaha will be in attendance at
the session. The entire order has re
ceived nearly 50,000 applications for mem
bership since January.
The joint committee from all the camps,
in this city, appointed to arrange a
monster benefit for the relief of needy
families of soldiers, are working dili
gently.
Athens Camp No. 547 was Instituted in
Loring Hall, Oakland, on the last day of
July.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday evening the first session
of the annual convention of the Supreme
Lodge of the Friends of the Forest was
held In the large assembly room of Wash
ington Hall on Eddy street. There was
present a full corps of supreme officers,
excepting the outer sentinel, absent on
account of illness. The supreme body
was opened with formal ceremonies by
Mrs. H. M. Gingels, the supreme presi
dent, who after appointing the commit
tees, presented her annual report, whi< h
proved to be an interesting document
setting forth the rise, progress and pres
ent condition of the comparatively new
order. The order now hay Bye lodge*,
with prospects of several new ones in tho
near future. It has a fair membership,
and from statements that were made by
the delegates to the supreme body, there
is every prospect that there will soon be a
material increase. On the first night there
were presented by the committee on laws
and supervision, of which F. D. Brandon
is chairman, a number of amendments to
the constitution, slight, but necessary to
a better understanding of the laws, and
they were adopted.
On Tuesday the work of amending the
laws was continued, and then a per capita
tax of 25 cents was levied, after a spirited
aebte, in which nearly all of the twenty
four delegates and the supreme officers
took part.
At the session on Wednesday night
there was some routine business trans-
Continued on Page Twenty-alx.THE STAGE
'.-*■' VJiiv-'-srand opera season at the
■ - : : T'.VyTi'v ; !j. has had a most auspicious
"VI x'^t-'week and it is evident that
■•• : '"-^r. :'■-.'; the^.y-ehture will not only be a
■ ■-fiii'drs r o-l,ai'..bii.t artistic success. The
: pr~ipg'ni& : ii6.p. jpt two operas, "Aida" and
.■.■■■■Lu.t4a'.3" : ilu"r.Lr.g the week afforded the
• •-..•jie'u' "votfiai. stars tunity to display
• .•"Xfte'ir'iSa-SilJties, and the result was quite
.;.sa'ysfac"i>>rj',--.'AJina Lichter in "Lucia"
.' htk's-'i'jhp-io'v'.'.d 'greatly since she was
•_he_i;e:4vsih the Tavary Company." Her
I' yxiic'6:i'£ sponger, more flexible and of a
.': ■p'ar.tirul.friy briliiant quality in the up
:-!l>£r".fe'gister; She will become* a favorite
|T-*aft4frJfilfaf has. been heard in simpler and
"■nVofe '-melodious lines. Edgardo Zerni,
j thi; new ior, has a. surprisingly sweet, :
high, vibrant voice that carries well
V and is tinder good control. He is a val
. tikbjle*. acquisition to the company.
■;•'• •In'.HAida," Marie Brandis, a prima
.- .dbiina-' •i "wide experience and reputa
.■■.•tiQn tae possessor of a tnd voice,
', ."cl.e^.r, -dominating and possessed of the
.[-ever "Valued dramatic quality. She
• eings with power and I method, and
"as-idi." from the handicap of make-up
.'.made a V^ry favorable impression. In
'. "strong "contrast to her voice is that of
■■^lary JLfnck, the contralto. She has an
•.■'attractive personality, a ; fresh, rich,
.elastic, voice fairly well mastered and
: . sijiK? with a freshness and purity of
vane that has made her a favorite from
the-beginrjirig.
'•' H-.-..«j. . Y.anrell, the basso, has a big,
■ ■ i-birnd, substantial voice, well culti
■ vated ".and which is a genuine satisfac
tion'tc? hear. He sings the part of the
.prjest "Aida" with excellent effect.
. William Pruette Beems to have devel
; opecf- his magnificent barytone voice to
- a. lidgh^r. .degree of richness and power
wen than-.- when he was here last. It
{is; always , a- real pleasure to listen to
; .h;is! full, nulling, mellow tones, which
/"appear; to be created with little effort.
I)e' V-r-ieS, the bid friend, has been re
■ce"ive'd. a, manner which should con
.•yince hi.m.that his vc-ice Is well appre
■ elated here, and he deserves the ova
' tiosj-. : "'.lihys Thomas and William H.
...WfisX. : acted and. sang their parts ex
"cep-UCTnaily well, both fully establish-
Ing t'hefr olalm to grand opera honors'.
- Thjj "management Is mounting the
In excellent style and Is en
.;-.fitleS.-'-to;' the -.thanks of the public for
.\ajis •musical treat. There is no other
•rilace in the co-untry where grand opera
}o€ : 'ißu'c.h' I lality is to.be heard for 25
and -;& 0: cents. However, it is appre
otatt'd.-for the house has been crowded
-! <i;ll- : 'ihe '-week. Next week will be pre
;.s'cTi_te"d-."Faust" and "II Trovatore."
; : v ir : h«v<jomplicationß in the Frawley
.cijihf,iny which have resulted in the
".rtMri-'ment '.f Madeleine Bouton, the
;Ji?a<;iii>g:..lady, and Cora Tinnie, have
r'ljqflieen'.rriade public by Mr. Frawley,
.but. .in case of Miss Bouton the rea
rvons'.'tor. her- release are not hard to :
•••cmeeK^'. .She came here with a vaunt
•■ "cd" fJastern reputation and much was
fcXpAVvtfcd. of her, but the lady's dra
•.-hi^tic' • noi."ts did not/meet the antici
■:. .-'.s-'-of the public. However, she
jvvas*.treafed with a great deal of con
sideration by the patrons of the house
: : a-j-id : .-the critics, who earnestly hoped
that eaeh succeeding play she would
.de-V«l6jj some of the ability with which
-she "was.. credited. Miss Bouton did
••fairly well , on . some occasions, but
.these., were few and far between, and
: it-otcame evident that she was not up
tp"the standard required in this city.
■She .haS a line stage presence and is a
Btiiftning dresser, but she cannot be
{•classed as even a# good elocutionist,
•aside from ihe fact that her acting was
acceptable only in spots. Whether
this due to carelessness or a lack of
■.fale'nt has -nothing to do with the case.
Tlie 'fact remains that the lady had
jher opportunity and made no advan
i'Ket>us use of it. Mr. Frawley Is not
•the loser, and the public will not com
plain. It is to be hoped that Miss
.Bouton/'S' successor will more nearly
•approach the praiseworthy standard
set by. the former leading lady. .
So -fa,r as Miss Tinnie is concerned
very- little of her work has been seen
here, and that was not so bad arf It
might have been. We trust the man
agement will have no regrets on ac
count of her retirement.
The TiVoli.
For the second week of the grand opera
season, which has opened so auspicious
ly, the Tivoli management announces the
following repertoire for the coming week:
Monday, Thursday and Sunday evenings
and at the special Saturday . matinee
Gounod' 3 immortal opera, "Faust," with
Anna Lichter as Marguerite, via Crox
as Seibel. Signor Edgardo Zerni as
Faust, William Pruette as Valentine and
Signor O. S. Wanrell as Mephisto. Tuesday,
Wednesday, Friday and Saturday evenings
Verdi's ever-popular opera "11 Trova
tore" will be sung, with Marie Brandis
as Leonora, Mary Linck as Azucena, Mau
rice de Vries as Count di Luna. Rhys
Thomas as Manrico. the troubadour, ana
William Schuster as Ferrando. .- Most
complete productions of theFf two works
will be given, and many startling effects,
new scenery and mechanical devices have
been prepared for the elaborate produc
tion of "Faust." The entire third week
will be devoted to an elaborate revival of
Wagner's music-drama, "Lohengrin,'
with two excellent alternating casts, new
scenery; stumes and accessories. "I'iJ?-;
olftto," "The Jewess," "La Bohprae,
"The Queen of Sheba" and "La Glocon
da" are in active preparation.
The Columbia.
"His Absent Boy" will be presented by
th<- Frawley Company to-morrow night
ftnd during the week. It is a comedy and
adapted from the German for Nat Good
win by Al Newman, and gives a wide
scope for pood comedy work. The dia
logue is bright and the play calls for
quick action to bring out the fun at its
best Mr Frawley promises that this will
JLDVEBTISEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY!
IN
THE MASKED BALL,
BEGINNING
TO-ZVIORROVY/ NIGHT
The Frawley Company
Presenting for the First Time in This City, by
Special Arrangement With NAT GOOD-
WIN and A. M. PALMER,
THE EXHILARATING COMEDY,
• HIS
ABSENT
BOY
IT'S A CUP OF JOY
FULL OF FUN WITHOUT ALLOY.
A GREAT CAST.
August. 15-Oreat Revival, TRII RY
With Originals in Cast « IVIL.O 1
CHUTES AND ZOO.
This Afternoon and Evening-
CANNON Fa^an
Dressed in Tights and Unarmed, Will Enter an
OPEN AIR CAGE With
WALLACE,
* • Largest ' Lion ■in Captivity.
NO 'i EXTRA CHARGE.- ~
GREAT BILL IN THE
FREE THEATER!
10c, including: Zoo and Theater; children, Ec;
Sundays and Holidays, 10© > %■_.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
be dnne. and that there will be laughter
to spar.\ The play shows the complica
ight about ufU-r twenty-live
years scheming by Mr. Pennie, the de
ceitru] husband, for the purpose of ob
taining f ( ,r a mythical son in the West a
monthly allowance of $100. This he ob
tains by confessing to his rich wife that
the boy was the Child of an adventuress
Who tricked him into a youthful mar
rlage. The money Pehnie har- been using up
opening of the play for a reserve
fund, which he utilized upon his frequent
and lengthy "business" trips to Sew
York. The trouble Pennie experiences in
k<«-j.;r,^ up the deception and the awk
situations that grow out of unex
pected happenings constitute the comedy
medium. "His Absent Son" i # constructed
on different Lines from any piay presented
by the Frawley Company this season.
A notable revival of Dv Manner's
"Trilby" is in prospect, Manager T. Dan
iel Frawlej expects to stage the famous
play on Monday, August 15, and promises
to hav<' ■•'. '.:st in which will appear some
cf the original people. Ignatio Marti
net ti. who created Zou Zou. has been en
gaged. Alfred Uli-kman will appear as
Little Billee, whif-h was rirst played by
him in this country. Theodore Roberts,
who headed one of A. M. I'a'mr-r's first
companies, will bo s»?t'n in what is said
to he the greatest impersonation of Sven
gali.
Jhe Orphzum.
An unusually fine bill is promised by
the Orphpum management for this week.-
It Includes three new acts and a number
of changes by tho holdovers. The head
line is Lillian Burkhart. who comes di
rt -'-t from the East with the reputation
of being a high-class vaudeville artist.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
San Francisco's Popular Playhouse.
TO-NIGHT.. ...~. MORRISON
FL'NDAY RICHELIEU.
TOMORROW And
mOiNDAY .... Entire Week,
4th BIG MONTH
I LEWIS
MORRISON p " dncti ° n
ef
Supported by f%£\ ■R R
PRICES: ' ' " I
15c,25c, 35c,50c.
MRS. ANNA VOX MEYERINCK
HAS REOPENED HER
"SCHOOL O/=" MUSIC—
FOR VOICE CULTURE AND PIANO.
COMPLETE CONSERVATORY COURSES
Outlined to Conform With Those Given at tho
Royal High Bohool, Berlin, for Students' Desi-
ring a THOROUGH MUSICAL EDUCATION,
Including Instruction' In Harmony, Theory,
Chorus and.-Sight Singing, Ensemble Playing,
LanpuaßeH and Physical Culture. ■■-■ ' .-.-•. -
TERMS FOR FULL, COURSE OF FIFTY
•WEEKS.'. $75 (payable in . monthly Installments
of »6 25). . • ■ " •. ' 5
PRIVATE INSTRUCTION In Voice Culture
or Piano, $15 and $20 per month. ■.',.•"
Special Seminary Courses'for Teachers.' ' V-
Further Particulars May Be Obtained by Ap- i
plying at or Addressing the School, 841 Fulton
street, San i Francisco. ; R«ception ; hours, 12-2
dally. ;: -, • - .
and has a new act for each week.
She is supported by Cyril Wilber, and
her repertoire includes "The Salt Cellar,
"Two Can Play at That Game." "Drop
ring a Hint," "A Dish of Dainties," "The
Passing- Fancy," and others. The great
novelties of the bill, the three Hegel
manns, who come direct from Europe for
the Orpheum circuit, are said to be the
most skilled and thrilling aerialists in
the world. O'Brien and Buckley, musical
artists, promise something new in the
musical comedy line. James Thornton,
who has made such a hit. will have a new
line of songs and a lot of patter, in which
he excels. He has scored a great hit.
The Macarte sisters will appear in an en
tire now act, which is said to be even
more sensational and thrilling than the
one in which they made their first ap
pearance. The Angela sisters have a new
repertoire for this week, as have the
Windom quintet. Wilton and Stack, the
wonderful horizontal bar performers, are
retained for one week only. Matinees
every Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
The /Ucazar.
"Richelieu" at the Alcazar was such a
popular attraction that the management
found it necessary to continue it through
out the week instead of three days, as
was intended. The work of Morrison and
the stock company was highly commend-
i able, as is shown by the fact that the
I past week has been the most successful,
! from the box-office standpoint, of the
! Morrison engagement. To-morrow even
j ing "Camille" will be presented for a
week's run, with Florence Roberts in the
; title role. This venerable standard French
: drama is about as familiar as Mary and
i her little lamb, having been given notable
productions in this city by such stars as
Bernhardt, Modjeska. Clara Morris and
Jeffreys Lewis. However, by reason of
Miss Roberts' excellent work this season
we expect a very acceptable delineation
■of this famous and difficult character.
' The cast has been well selected and the
staging and costumes will be not only
appropriate to the period with which the
play deals, but complete in detail.
Jviorosco's.
"The Cherry Pickers" will be the attrac
tion at Morosco's next week with James
Brophy in the leading role. The play is
by Joseph Arthur, author of "Blue Jeans,"
and is not, as would be inferred from its
title, pastoral. "The Cherry Pick<-rs"
are really the famous Eleventh Hussnrs
of the British army. Tlu-y were known
as the fighting Eleventh and participated
in tin famous charge of the Light Brigade
at Balaklava. As a mark of distinction
they are the only regiment in the English
army which is allowed to wear red
breeches. The drama lias nn apparent ob
ject in view in that the author espouses
the cause of the Eurasians, or half-castes.
AMUSEMENTS.
jff^^. San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1887
WALTER lp ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
S- - WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY. AUGUST Bth - - r~ >
— FOREiCN AND AMERICAN VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES
AMERICAN OFBUT OF THF EUROPEAN WONDERS
T«E THREE HEGELM ANNS
POSITIVELY THE WORLD'S GREATEST AERIAL GYMNASTS.
America's Favorite Legitimate Comedienne,
LILLIAN B URKHA R T coSZS**
In an Exquisite One-Act Comedietta.
o'BßJEFTa Tbuckley, sjss
THE GREAT MONOLOGUE HIT OF THE YEAR
JAMES THORNTON,
In a New Lot of Songs. Philosophy and Satire.
~TWEF™S?ST^/?S MACARTE,
In an Entirely New and Thrilling Act on High Wire.
LAST WEEK OF THE FOLLOWING ARTISTS i
VALBON & ANTHELMINE, I ANGELA SISTERS,
Opera Bouffe Celebrities. In a New Rep»rtoirs of Songs.
THE WINDO/vTquINTETTE WiLTON 4t~ STACK
In an Entir^y New Aat. Hori*ontal Bar Celebritiei.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, August 7th. PaT * uct2s VoZ n £?ti r ( l cl Chlldren
Last Appearance of JOpsrti HART AND CARRIE DB MAR.
whom he pictures as educated, refined
people. The struggle of this class for so
cial recognition by the English in the so
ciety and military cricles of India forms
the "ground work for the play.
Nazare, a half-caste aid-de-camp on the
staff of Colonel Brough. the commandant
at Rawul Pindee, becomes the hero, and
Nourmalee, the beautiful daughter of a
rich and ambitious Eurasian merchant, is
the heroine. The story is intensely inter
esting, the time being during the late
Afghan campaign in 1879-SO. Brough, in
spite of the fai-t that he has a wife in
I Englrnd, is infatuated with Nazare 3
sweetheart, Nourmalee. The hero resents
his dishonorable advances and quar
rels with the commandant, who accuses
hfm to the Viceroy of having as
! saultod his superior officer. Tsazare is
'■ arrested tried by court martial and con
i demned 'for twenty years to the military
fortress at Candahar, but finally escapes
1 with the aid of his sweetheart. The
' scenes throughout are very dramatic. This
will be the first presentation of the play
here.
"[he Olumpia.
The Olympia Music Hall has an extra
attraction and novelty in the Royal To
klo acrobatic wonders. They are cred
ited with being among the most skilled
troupe of Japanese acrobats and jugglers.
It is claimed that nothing like them has
ever been seen in this city. Another
strong act is that by Millar and Darrell,
two shapely young women, who, as
dancers and singers, are credited with
being exceptionally clever. Others on the
bill are Charles and Mac Stanley. Maude
Rockwell. Anita La Mont, the Royce sis
ters and others. Matinee to-day.
Tke Ghvres.
The vaudeville entertainment provided
at the Chutes Free Theater is continually
improving and the popular resort has a
regular clientele of amusement seekers.
There will be a complete change of pro
gramme, with one exception, to-morrow,
and the new faces will include those of
Anita Ray Simpson, a pretty and talented
singing soubrette; John W. Thompson, a
Chinese musical comedian, and Dick
Mack, a talking comedian, singer, dancer
and hat spinner. Mason and Reed, triple
horizontal bar performers in their comedy
sketch, "The Tramp and the Section
Boss," will make their first appearance
here, as will also Douglass and Ford, who
created a sensation at the Orpheum re
cently with their club swinging and danc
ing. Gibson and Allen, the eccentric co
medians, have been retained and will
change their nonsense talk and funny
falls. Nearly a dozen new moving pic
tures will be shown and the London fire
department in operation will be continued.
This afternoon and evening Cannon, the
corpulent Swiss, will make his long-con
AMUSEMENTS.
THE PRINCESS WHO
WJI.NTED TO BE Q.UEE.N
Continued from Page Seventeen.
four royal Kahilis were held by the kahili bearers, one at each corner of her
bier and six at each side. Six others dressed all in velvet waved the Kahilis
over her body. You know we have a superstition about the dead. No insect
must touch our dead. I remember shrieking out once I saw her and then never
finding voice it seemed to me to shriek again or a tear to cry- I used to be
awake at night and listen to the wailing. It never ceased, you know, by day or
night for those three weeks. I thought I should go mad of it. A child suffers
In so many ways that it cannot tell. No one understood, I think, what I suf
tered In that time. I missed her so. She did everything for me. She made
all my little frocks; I have them all. The tabu is very strict, you know. It applies
to everything, even to discarded clothing. My frocks were all put away when
they were worn, my shoes, my ribbons, even to the pins which were used
fcometimes in fastening things. I will show you one of the little frocks."
She rose and went swiftly from the room and came back with a soft
crumpled mass of yellowing lace and embroidery In her hands.
"I love to sew, too," she said. "I find real happiness in sewing and being
read to just as I remember my mother did. I get my friends to read, you know
and I make a lot of the things I wear."
"Do they sit on your bed now?" I asked.
"No," said Kaiulani, laughing. "Habit is strong and they never think of
doing it." „
"I never heard of the tabu, 1 al °- x nav e not seen many Kingg and
Queens and Princesses, you know. I tnlnk I shook hands with you uncere
moniously."
temnlated visit into the den of Wallace,
the largest lion in captivity. A large open
air cage has been erected at the foot of
the lake, and here, unarmed and dressed
in tights. Mr. Cannon will "beard the lion
in his den." Accommodations have been
arranged for thousands and the comfort
of all will be carefully looked to. The zoo
Is as full of interest as ever and the daily
matinees are a great feature.
BARNSTORMED IN AN
OLD WOMAN'S PART
It is seldom that T. Daniel Frawley tells
a story in which he is the chief character,
but the other day he became reminiscent
and related the following experiences,
which will doubtless prove interesting to
his many admirers. About nine years agro
he drifted out of New York in the "close"
theatrical season as advance agent, juve
nile, hustler, etc., of a barnstorming
company formed for the purpose of prey
ing upon the unsuspecting people of Ver
mont in the hope ot earning bread, butter
and a few extras during the eleven weeks
of stagnation In the metropolis.
At Rutland, the first town invaded, they
succeeded In hypnotizing the landlord
sufficiently to enable them to get out of
town with their luggage, but at Mont
pelier the board bill "ghost" was too tired
to walk and the trunks were perforce left
behind. Swayne, the well-known diminu
tive comedian, had arrived that day to
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
This Evening, Last Time, Donizetti's Favorite
Opera,
"LUCIA Dl LAMMERIHOOft."
Great Cast! Enlarged Chorus! Augmented
Orchestra!
Reptertoire Next — Monday, Thursday,
Sunday Evenings, Also SPECIAL SATURDAY
MATINEE, Gounod's . Immortal Opera,
.'•FAUST." Tuesday, , Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday Evenings, Verdi's Popular Opera, "1L
•TROVATORE."
Popular Prices, 25c and 50c. N. B.— A Re-
served Seat for the Matinee, 25c. Telephone
Bush 9.
taifeScES
EXCURSION RATES ON RAILROADS
DOITFAfc T TBl xx T H Tf^
E4winf^mitk^ B '£pgckeU,
-SECRET AKY. P R. E 3 .
BY ALICE RIX.
''Oh, it is lifted." said Kaiulani. "Be
sides you are an American "
"Do you feel like taking the Ameri
can by the hands to-day?"
"I like them," answered the Prin
cess, simply. "I love a great many of
them. I have no bitternees against the
United States. I think this is a hasty
move forced on the American Govern
ment; a scheme which the war with
Spain has helped. And I cannot but
think it is a very great mistake. "We
would have given everything we had
to give — we always had given every
thing-, haven't we?
"My father says it is as though a
dear friend had come to us for hos
pitality and we had gladly offered our
best in his entertainment and loved to
show him every courtesy and honor
and then he had said to us, 'Go now,
out of your house. I have been so
well treated in it that I have learned
to like and want it for myself.' That's
quite true, I think, but still we do not
blame America for being influenced to
this mistake." ALICE RIX.
join the company, hoping to make both
ends meet. Notwithstanding the little
man's explosive profanity, the cruel boni
face seized his two Saratogas and the out
casts went swearing away to the next
town with no costumes, facilities for
make-up, or money. At this point the old
woman actress deserted the aggregation
to accept a salary-paying engagement,
and when the company arrived at the
next stand poor Frawley, who had been
distributing his own handbills, was told
that he would have to "play the old wo
man" in the "Ticket of Leave."
It was a "ground hog" case and after
the exercise of much blarney Timothy suc
ceeded in borrowing adress from the Irish
lady who acted as chef at the third-class
hotel. •
He played the part in a high Hibernian
falsetto which went wrong most of the
time and finally got him into trouble.
"I got along fairly well," said Frawley,
"until in the last scene I sat down and
forgetting the danger, crossed one leg over
another. This exposed my shoes and
trousers and those long, earnest Yankees
were so exasperated at the deception that
they hooted me off the stage and nearly
created a riot. I escaped with fhe re
ceipts, went back and took our baggage
out of pawn and we all finally succeeded
In getting to New York without walk
ing. From that day to this I have been
thoroughly convinced that I was not in
tended for a female impersona:or, what
ever my other fautls may be."
People and pia\js.
Robert Mantell is trying to get out of
the frost belt. He has condescended to
go into vaudeville, but will not go into
New York, because the court would like
to have a matinee performance by him.
Roland Reed threatens to make an as
sault upon San Francisco with three new
plays. If the Oregon were here we might
defy him.
Phoebe Davies will play another season
In "Way Down East."
Lewis Morrison and wife were to have
taken passage on the ill-fated La Bour
gogne, but, owing to his success in San
Francisco, and the extension of his en
gagement, his European trip was given
up at the last moment.
According to a scribbler in the Crite
rion, they must have had some very re
grettable vaudeville in New York. This
Is the way he puts it:
To begin with— Bowery rot; then a dose
of coon polyglot; then a miss-every
other crack shot; then a plagiarized play
without plot; then a flickering monkeyo
graph; then a team that can't make you
laugh; then a one-act of cheap-Johnny
chaff; then the song-sheet with encores
to bore: then Maine monologues by the
score; then cake-walks and— but no more!
(You make a bee-line for the door.)
Arrangements are being made by Fried
lander, Gottlob & Co. for the appear
ance here, in the latter part of the year,
of the great Italian Opera Company,
headed by Mile. Clementine de Vere.
In Frederic Vroom as its leading man
the Alcazar people have added a valuable
personage. Mr. Vroom is a good looker,
j a handsome dresser, and his stage record
I finds him associated with some of the
! greatest of dramatic companies.
Hoyt's "A Stranger in New York" was
; a failure in London, and the engagement
i was canceled. The patrons seemed to ba
i pleased, but there was not enough of
: them.
Patti has for the four hundreth time
announced her last appearance. Her an
nouncement of the next farewell tour has
j been delayed in the mails.
AMUSEMENTS.
XV altjer Alokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Main 532
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 10c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
To-Night and To-Day— "Bonnie Scotland."
NEXT WEEK-L.»"T WEEK OF
•■OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Magnificent Production of
THE CHERRY PICKERS
200 NIGHTS IN NEW YORK.
FIRST TIME IN SAN FRA_NCISCO.
Beautiful Scenery! Startling Effects.
SUTRO_BAfHS.
SUNDAY. AUGUST 7. AT 2:30 P. M.
JUVEMLE SWIMMING RACES I
25 Yards. 50 Yards. 75 Yards and 100 Yardi.
TRAPEZE DIVING
By the
CALIFORNIA ATHLETIC AND SWIMMING
CLUB, PIEDMONT SWIMMING CLUB AND
NORTH STAR SWIMMING CLUB.
VALUABLE PRIZES
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c
"central^ park.
TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.-FINAL HEATS.
GREAT HORSE-SHOEING TOURNAMENT!
FRANK O'ROURKE vs. HENRY GERLACH.
For First and Second. Place.
THOMAS TIERNEY vs. JAMES O'ROURKE.
For Third and Fourth Place.
Also Dog Racing With Stanlforth's Patent.
Race Course.
ADMISSION, 25c; CHILDREN, 10c.
*********** * **** *****
£ Saturday, September 3d J
ftl VMPIA Eddy. cor. Mason— Greatest Aero-
VL, I ITiriA batic Novelty of the Age. ROYAL
TOKIO ACROBATIC WONDERS. Japan's Most
Skilled Balancers, Jugglers and Acrobats;
DARRELL & MILLER. ROCKWELL, STAN-
LEY, ROYCE SISTERS and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday.
BASEBALL! RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO VS. STOCKTOM.
ADMISSION, 25c.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
.. SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. ;V>;
Silver unchanged. ■
• " M heat unsettled. ,~
' •* " Barley steady. Oats and Rye dull. ' " .
Corn neglected and lower.
• Hay still in free receipt.
Straw lower. Feedstuff s unchanged. ;
■ • Pink Beans lower. Whites firm.
, No Mustard Seed coming in.
Potatoes firm and ' Onions lower.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry due on Tues
day.
Butter advanced again.
Cheese and Eggs firm. •
• Pears weak and plentiful.
Peaches weak. Apricots firm. .
Dried Peaches rapidly cleaning up.
Provision' unchanged.
Wool. Hides and Hops quiet. _.
Hogs continue weak.
' . Bank clearing lose again.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were. $13,855.
013, against $14,279,25S for the same week last
' year. ■ • ' ■ _
S WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug 6, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations In
California: ; ...
Eureka, 60: Fresno. 90; Los Angeles, 78; Red
Bluff,. S3; Independence, SO; San Diego, 70; Sac
ramento,' S2; San Luis Obispo, 72. Vuma, 100.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 64;
minimum. 54r mean, 59.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
Areas of high pressure are central this even
ing over Montana and off the coast of Northern j
California. The lowest pressure is reported
from Southeastern California. A trough of low
• pressure extends over the plateau region from
Mexico to Washington. The pressure Is rising I
sU.'wly along the coaet and falling in the in- |
terior valleys at California.
Cloudy weather is reported along the coast i
from Point Reyes northward and over Northern
Nevada. A trace of rain Is reported from Car
6on City.
The temperature has fallen in Western Ore
g-or. and remained stationary elsewhere.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty ;
hours ending midnight. August 7, IS9S:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Sunday;
brisk westerly wind, becoming high on the
■ coaet in the afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
•wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday, i
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy i
Sunday; brisk west wind, becoming high In j
afternoon.
Mount Tamalpai?— Clear; wind southwest, 5 i
miles per hour; current temperature, SS; maxi
mum, 82. W. H. HAMMON.
. " Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— The tone of the stock
market to-day continued very strong. Stocks
and bonds showed a steady increase. The
movement of large contracted wealth, which
took the Initiative during the week, continued,
and the following thus Invited showed increase.
The two hours' session of the Stock Exchange
■was full of business and the demand was
eager. The preference is decidedly for the aa
eured dividend-paying interests as yet. But It
was Influenced by the possibilities of dividend
payers elsewhere. The Granger^ continued the
forward advance, but Burlington fell slightly
into the background to make way for St. Paul
end Rock Island. Dealings in these stocks
vvre very large. 40,000-share blocks frequently
being seen. Considering the week's rise in
prices the firmness at the close was remark
able. Traders are prone to close outstanding
contracts and to take profits in anticipation
of a Sunday interval, but no disposition waa
shown to seil out to-day. The heavy expansion
In loans shown In the bank statement Is mostly
due to the awakened Stock Exchange activity.
The net increase of $1,500,000 was largely from
interior receiMe. the sub-treasury daily re
port being still offset by payments on the loan
account. United States old 4's registered have
advance-3 1%; do coupon and the new 4's regis
tered have also advanced some.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 35,1f10 shares.
Including: Atchlson preferred, 3650; C. an<l >">.,
3555; B. and 0.. 535; Missouri Pacific, 10,775;
New York Central, 4579: Northern Pacific. 4445;
do preferred, 8850; Rock Island, 18,355; St. Paul,
-ouihern preferred, 9V94; Union Pacific
preferred. 11,330; Specials. E6M; Specials. 1290;
Peoples Gas, 4120; Sugar, 7522; Rubber, 6556;
Western Union, 3&J-1.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13?; St P & Om 84% I
Do prefd 35Vi Do prefd 153
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St PM 4 II 162 '
Canada Pacific .. 83 So Pacific 20% '
Canada Southern. 54Vi So Railway i'/ j
Central Pacific .. IG% Do prefd 33% i
Ches & Ohio 23% Texas & Pacific. 12% :
Chi & Alton 159% Union Pacific .... ej%
Chi B & Q 112% U P D & G 5%
Chi i- E ill 57% Wabaeh 7% ;
C C C & St L.... 42% Do prefd 20
Do prefd S4 Wheel & L E 1% I
Pel & Hudson... 107 Do prefd 12«4 i
Del L & W 150 Express Companies —
Den & R G 12V* Adams Ex 103 i
Do prefd .... 61 American Ex .... 135
Erie (new) 13% United States .... 42
Do Ist prefd.... 3G% Wells Farsro 118
Fort Wayne 172 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd.... 131 % A Cot Oil 27%
Hocking Valley... 5 , Do prefd 82% I
Illinois Central .. 108% Amn Spirits 14% I
Uik-_- Erie & W.. 14 Do prefd 39
Do prefd 71* Am Tobtcco 127%
Lake Shore 196 Do prefd 130%
Louis & Xash 55% People's Gas 100%
Manhattan L .... 107% Cons Gas 19g%
M-et St lly 157% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... 108=4 Col F & Iron 20%
Minn & St L 23% Do Drefd 65
•Do Ist prefd 83 Gen Electric 40% i
Mo Pacific *C 7% Illinois Steel 68
Mobile & 0hi0... 26% Laclede Gas 53%
Mo X & T il% Lead 3G%
Do prefd 35% Do prefd 109%
Chi In<* & L 9% Nat Lin Oil 6%
Do pn-fd 30% Pacific Mall 31%
N;J Central 91% Pullman Palace... 191
N V Central 119% Silver Certificates 55%
N.Y Chi & St L.. 13% Stand R & T 5%
Do Ist prefd 60 Sugar 139% I
Do 2d prefd 37 Do prefd 114
Nor "West 14% T C & Iron 26%
No Amer Co 6* U S Leather 7%
No Pacific 30% Do prefd 6*14
Do prefd 74 US . Rubber 41% !
Ontario & W 15% Do. prefd 99
Or R & Nay 52 West L'nlon 94% I
Or Short Line... 2S C & N W 134% j
PUtsburg 170 Do prefd 175%
Reading :':. 18 St L& SW 5%
Do Ist prefd 43% Do prefd ..: 12 |
Rock Island 100% R G W 52
St Louis & S F.. 7% Do prefd 67% '
Do Ist prefd.... 66 1 Chi G W 15% I
Do 2d prefd.... 30% How Com Co 26 i
SfPaul 103% Union Pac Com.. 25%
Do prefd 152 Brooklyn l R T 35% i
CLOSING BONDS.
US new 4s reg.. 127% V Central lsts. 116
Do coup 127% IN J C 5s 112%
US 4s 111% Carolina 65.... 125
Do coup 111% I Do 4s 103%
Do 2ds S7 No Pac lsts 112%
US £s reg 112 Do 3s 65%
Do 5s coup 112 Do 4s- 100%
District 3.65s .... 116% N V C & St L 4s. 107
Ala class A 108 JN'or & W 8s 122
Do B 100 NorthwElrn cons. 54%
Do C 98- Do deb 5s 117 j
Do Currency ... 90 O Nay lets. 112 I
Atchison 4s 85% O Nay 4s. 95%
Do adj 4s 72V4 O S Line 6s tr.... 125
Can So 2dß 110% O S Line 5s tr.... 106%
Chi Term 4s 88 Pacific 6s of 95... 1Q2%
C& Ohio 5s 114% Reading 4s 83%
CHAD 4%s 104% R.O W lsts 90
D & R G lsts 110% St'L & I M C 6s. 100%
D& R G 4s 96% St L, & S F G 6s. 119
East. Term lsts.. 105% St. p Con. 145%
Erie Gen 4s 75% St P C ft.p lsts. US
F W & D lsts tr. 74 Do ss , 116
Gen Elec 5s 105% 5o Railway 5s . 9S
G H & S A 65.... 104 Stand R& T 65.. 70
Do Ms •-.. 105 Term new. set 25.. 92
II & T Css 110 Tex P L G lsts.. 107
Do con 5s 11l Do Rg 2ds 43% !
lowa C lsts 103% V P D & G lsts. 7<5% \
La new cons 45.. 103 Wab Ist 5s 11l
ti & N Unl 45.... 91 Do 2ds 90
Missouri 6s 100' W Shore 4s 110
M X & T 2ds .64 Va Centuries .... 72%
Do 4s 90% Do deferred .... 6
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15|Ontarlo 2 75
Crown Point 08|Ophlr. :... 20
Con Cal & Va 35; Plymouth 12
Deadwt>od 35 Quicksilver - 125
Gould & Curry... 05 1 . Db prefd 3 £.0
Hale & Norcross. 60 Sierra Nevada ... 50
Homestake 45 00 Standard 1 &0
Iron Silver;... ■ :-. 70 Union Con .'.. ' 15
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket ... 15
r ■ EOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
.Money— I 'Do'prefd 55
Call loans .'...2®'8 Bost. n L : C6',4
Time lpana .3@4 \tchl3on prefd- .. 35>4
Stockß— ■■■•: E E H1.'.... 185
A T & S F .'. 13% ilen Elee- prefd... D 5
Amer Sugar 13SH -Bonds-
Do prefd 11414 Atchieon 94H
Bay State Gas... 1% • Mining Shares— ■—
Bell Telephone.... 273 Allouez Mm C 0... 44
Boston & Albany. 227 Atlantic .......... 27V6
Boston & Maine.. 164 <•. Boston & Mont... 209
Chi Bur & Q .Jl3 Butte & Brstor... 2J%
Fltchbun? 103V4 Calumet & Hecla. 670
Gen Eiectric ..... 40*4 Centennial ....14%
Illinois Steel E9 Franklin.. U
Mexican Central.. 4% 05ce01a...... 40%
N V & New Ens. 9$ Quincy 113
Old Colony, 192 Tamarark . ... 167 .
Rubber ......... 41 Wolverine 24%
Union ' Pacific .... 25% Parrott ;.......... 22^
West End ........ .86 - Old Dominion .... 26«*
Westlnghouae El. ;27" I . ''■. . .
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT. '.
NEW YORK, Aug. The New. York Flnan
cler.;thls.wee!c says: v The sta tement: of the : as
sociated ■> banks of New York shows - : rather
heavy changes for the 'week ending , August S,
loans 'bayjgg | increased ■■ 733, 100 ! aad. <^jlt»
$15,371,500. The gain in cash for the week was
$1,531,400. and the surplus reserve has fallen
off about $2,000,000. The statement seems to
reflect as much as anything else the progress
of the recent financial operation of the Great
Northern Railroad which has Increased its
peferred stock by 126.000.0C0, of which $15,000.-
OVO is issued to stockholders at par for cash to
retire the outstanding collateral bonds, and
$10,000,000 being in oichange for the
stook of one of the leased lines
which had been profusedly distributed
as a stock dividend. The Chase National,
through which this operation has been oper
ated, shows a g-ain of over Jt.OOO.COO In deposits
and its cash holdings have also expanded over
$4,000,000. The National CUJ' Bank accounts
for more than a third of the cotal increase and
has lost alwut the same In specie. The deposit
gain seem? to be confined for the most pi»rt
to the larger banks, but in loans an increase
runs well through the list. The remarkable
activity In the bond market last week has
operated to produce some change In the cur
rent week. The season for discounting Is now
close at hand and while It is not anticipated
that the movement will be heavy, it 's inter
esting to note that the surplus reserves of the
banks are now below the point reported last
year at this time.
The decrease In surplus reserves between
July and October. 1597, was at least $IS,OOO,O<X>.
In the last six or seven weeks the New York
banks have reduced their reserves over $22.
000.000, and have not begun to ship money to
the West. The Government ho!ds heavy de
posits In this center, so that what may be
called available nr.d permanent bank money
Is not as heavy as has been estimated. Gold
imports would check the latter In any case.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 6.— The . Evening Post's
London financial cablegram ■ says: The stock
market was quiet and dull to-day. Trading
here Is both on New York account and on trie
part of ■ English buyers, the • general disposi
tion at the moment and ac prompted by the
| press being to operate' for a moderate rise In
Americans. Buyers here are generally advlECl
to .take short profits. Grand Trunks were good
also.
The rise In securities continues. . It 1b mainly
f due to purchases of the buyers.
i Canadian Pacific. S6V4: Grand Tnink, 7«i: bar
i silver steady, 26% d per ounce; money, % per
cent. ■ . •-•...
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 6.— Receipts.
16.000 barrels; exports, 176.000 barrels; sales.
400,000 barrels. Market strong and held at a
higher figure.
" WHEAT- Receipts, 74.000 bushels: shipments,
j 72,000 bushels. Market strong. . No.' 2 red f. !o.
b. afloat. SOc. Options were strong and quiet
I all the forenoon, 'closing l@l»4c net higher.
i Shorts were compelled to cover bylight raises.
No. 2 red spot, 72<g73 l-16c, closed 7SV&C.
HOPS— Steady; common to-, choice, 1595 crop,
> 3c: ISS6 crop. 6@6e: 1597 crop. 11012 c: Pacific
Coast. 1596 crop, 2<3T.0: 1597 crop, HS?l2c.
WOOL— Dull ; fleece, 23c; Texas, 13@15c.
PIGIRON— DuII; Southern, $9 75@11; North
ern, *10®15.
COPPER— DuII; brokers'. $1 15.
LEAD— Steady; brokers*. $3 SO.
TlN— Plates steady.
COFFEE — quiet- to 5 \ points lower.
Sales. 5000 batjs, including December, $5 25.
Spot Coffee— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, strong and higher to buy; re
fining, $9 25; test, 3 1-lCc. Refined— Firm and
fairly active: mold A, s<*c; standard A, s^c;
cut loaf and crushed. 6%e: granulated, 5%c;
cubes, s*%c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 33.'". packages. Firm;
"Western creamery. 14V.@'19c; Elglns, 19c; fac
tory, ll«?14c.
EGGS— Receipts. 4741 packages. Firm; West
ern, 14% c. ,
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. California Dried
Fruit, dull.
EVAPORATED A PPI.EP— Common, 609 c;
prime wire tray, S%@S%c; choice, B%g-9c; fancy.
i 9%c. '
PRUNE?— <:jJSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%@l0c; Moorpark, 10Q
I 12c.
i PEACHES— s@Bc; peeled, 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
j CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— Wheat started very
! strong, September opening at 67%e to 6Sc.
against 67>*©fi7%c at last nighfs close. There
was no appearance of any increase in the
I movement of wheat, and Liverpool sent higher !
; quotations. Showery weather in the Northwest
'■ gave the' bulls a further opportunity, as the
i trade under present conditions was nervous
i about the possibilities of a wet harvest In that
■ section. The demand for the limited offerings
In the sample market was most active, and at
from 2 to 3 cents over the previous day's
1 prices. Orders for round lots for shipment were
I on the market at a slight premium over the
ccrload price. Chicago received 141 care
against 120 a year ago, and Minneapolis and
Duluth £8, against 158 last year. Atlantic port
clearances of wheat and flour for the last
twer.ty-four hours amounted to 320,000 bush
els. September left off. %c higher and De
cember %ffi%c higher.
Corn received assistance from the strength
In wheat, and also from the Kansas report for
the- month showing a drop- in conditions of 24
i points compared with that of a month ago.
1 Tha weather was acting kindly to the crop,
i and it was clear that such gl it as had not
i been ruined past redemption must be" rapidly
' improving. | After the first half hour the price
; gradually worked off, closing We -lower. ,
; Oats were firm early, .but remained so as lo.ng
I as ! corn showed strength. ' There were only a
few buying orders from the country, and .all
were filled early. September lost He.
A light run of hogs and the strength in grain
started provisions firm. After the opening
ppurt, however, . the market went practically
'■ to. sleep until the noise with which the grain
i markets close woke . it up £()r two or three
minutes' further exercise. The net result was
I that closing prices to-day and yesterday were
! substantially the same.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
, Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— i
August 70% l\V t 70% 71
September 68 63% 67% 68%
I December 66% 67 66 66%
May 68 6S^ 87% -"68%
Corn, No. 2—
August 83% J3Vi 32% S3
! September 33% 33% 33 33'^
December 34 • . 34% 33% 83' S.
May .'.:.' 36% 36% ' 33% 35%
. Oats, No. 2—
! September 21% 21% 21% 21%
I May 24% 24% 24 24
♦ Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 910 910 8 87% 900
October 9 00
• Lard, per 100 lbs —
September E35 5 37% ' 6 32% 5 32%
October 540 640 6 37% 5 37%
. Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— . :
September 5 27% 5 27% 520 5 22%
■October 530 530 15 22% 625
Cash quotations were as follows;
Flour, steady; v.-inter patents, $3 65ig3 7T>;
1 spring special brands. $5 75; soft patents, $4 20@
I 4 3i); hard straights. 4 10@4 15; No. 2 spring
Wheat, 70c; No. 3 spring Wheat, te'gTC.c; No. 2
red. 72c; No. 2 Corn. 34%@34%c; No. 2 Oats,
! 22'ic; No. 2 white. tgAKc; No. 3 wtilte, 2fifl2Sc;
No. i Rye, 46% c; No. 2 Barley, 41c; No. 1 Flax
seed, 92®92%c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 50@2 60;
Mess Pork, per barrel. $8 95@9; Lard, per 100
pound? $5 2733 30; Short Rib Sides, loose, $5 10
@5 45; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c;
Short Clear Sides, boxed, $0 60@5»80; Sugar, cut
loaf, $8 02; granulated, t5 02.
Articles— - Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 5,625 - 10.000
Wheat, bushels £8,500 100,000
Corn, bushels 343,200 655,700
Oats/bushels 272,000 194,400
Rye, bushels 9,200.
Barley, bushels 4,000 8,400
. On the Produce . Exchange to-day the Butter
market was unchanged. Che««e, firm; creams,
7Vi@B%c .
-WHEAT " MOVEMENT.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. ■ Buehels.
Minneapolis 34.960 . 15,010
Duluth ... 3,453 ' . 51,860
Milwaukee _■ 16,900 650
Chicago SS.SSO 100,058
Toledo 56,825 251.000
St. Louis 37,000 16.000
I Detroit : 22.625 29.010
Kansas. City 81,000 7G.5&0
Totals ." .311,853 . 640,086
Tidewater— • : •
Boston 70.000 . .'......
New York 74.000 180,227
Philadelphia 8.297 £S9
Baltimore .. .......84,694 79,960
i New Orleans ■...'....
! Galveston '. .23,050 ........
Totals 260,641 .260,776
; LIVERPOOL . FUTURES.
Wheat— - ; . >i ;• .Sept. Dec.
Opening ......5 10% D 6%
Closing \ ..;..
- PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat-*- '.'■..' *. . Aug. 1 Nov. -Feb.
Opening 49 00, 44 60
Closing " .....
Flour-
Opening ......20 90 20 70
Closlnß : .....
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO". " ■--.-■
; CHICAGO, Aug. CATTLE— wan not
enough Cattle here to-day -. to make ia' market
and prices were nominal. Choice steers, $5 25@
5 CO" medium, $4 90; beef steers, $4@4 75; stock
ers. and - feeders, $3@4 75; bulls, $4 50; cows and
heifers, |3@4 25; calves, $7; Western rangers,
|4@4 7a; .Weatern Bteers, $4 30;.Texans,' $4 50. U
HOGS— generally 25c » higher. * Fair,
»4 25; packers, $3 60<93 82%; butchers, |3 65©
3 67% : ■ mixed, $3 «f,<33 92%; , lighr, $3 95; pigs,
$.? 75i@i3 80. ■•-■ • ;-■ : •, - . -.....,-■■..•
" SHEEP— > arrivals of Sheep were largely
consigned"- to buyers. : Cr-mruon, {4 55; rams,
$2 25553 60; ■ rangers, $3 6r.^;25; inferior to ex
tra lambs, *3 £5<7T6 50; feeding lambs. $4 50<f5.- -
; Receipts— Cattle, ; 100; Hog:s, 17,000; Sheep, 2000.
:■.""-'.: ■.""-'. ■ .i::*X>> : '~' DENVER. ■.>■.."•■ :'-■-.:'
i , • DEf^BR,;^ Auf . . . fi^^A^nj^Receiptß, 1 100,,
THE SA]ST FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
[ Market firm. Beef steers. $3 7&&4 40; cows. $3@
I 3 60; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 85@4 50;
I stockers, freight paid to river, $2@3;- bulls and
stags, $2 60@4. V - ..••;■'•
HOGS— Receipts, none. Market steady. Light
packers, |3 60@3 70; mixed, -J3 Cs@2 75; heavy,
$3 65@3 75. ■ -.. .. . • ... :"S* :-. ?:■?■:■'■■ -:r :
SHEEP— Receipts, none. '
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, , Aug. C— CATTLE— Receipts.
200. . Market : unchanged. - ■■ •'.■■•
Receipts, 4000. -.■ Market s@loc higher
! and aotive; bulk of sales. $3 60ig$ 85>- heavies.
I $3 70(g3 90: packers, .$3 65^3 85: mixed, $3 50^
3 85: lights, $3 45@3 75; yorkers, $3 70@3 , 75;
piors, $3 20@3 65. - T ..' ■-■■■•
/ SHEEP— Receipts, 200. Market steady; lambs,
$4.15@6; muttons,' $2 70@4 40. _ ■".*.*;-.■-*
• ' OMAHA.
OMAHA, Aug. CATTLE— Receipts, 1000.
Market unchanged.
• Receipts. ESBO. Market active. 5'<?10o
higher. Heavy, $3 80^3 S >; mixed,«* 3 75<g>3 77V4;
light. $3 75fg>3 77^i: pigs. $3 ofi(f3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
. CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company's auction sales :of
j California fruit were as follows:
I BOSTON. Aug. 6.— Pears— Bartlett. $1 70^2 25.
! average $2 20. . Peaches-rEarly Crawford, $1 10
I @1,60, average ,%1 3S; Susquehanna, $1 50@2 10.
average $165. < Plums— Purple Duane, $1 53;
: Bradshaw, $1 09; Columbia, $1 25. Prunes— Ocr-
I man, $1 50. ! Nectarines— s2 05. Weather dry.
Six cars sold.
I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— Consols, 110%; Silver,
27Hd: French R&ntes, 103f 52H<5-
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers indifferent
operators; cargoes on passage, easier and
neglected.
LIVERPOOL,. Aug. Wheat firm; Wheat in
Paris, firm: Flour in Paris, firm.
COTTG..— Uplands, 3 15-32 d.
WHEAT — Futures, August nominal; Septem
ber, 5s lOVfcd; December, 5s 3',Jd.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, Aug. p.— Exports of silver
from this port for the week ending to-day asr
gregate $846,012. . The imports of dry goods and
general merchandise at New York for the week j
ending to-day were $5, 216. 376. The imports of
specie this week were $329,279 in gold and
J6O.CS3 in silver. •
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 6.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $259,991,000; gold reserve,
$158.620,061.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. Aug. 6.— COTTON— Quiet;
middling. 26c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or. Aug. 6— Exchanges. $202.
475; balances, $45,929.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.*
PORTLAND. Or, Aug. 6.— WHEAT—Un
changed; new crop, nominal, at 57@."8c for
Walla Walla, and 60<!TCle for blue stem and
valley.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Aug. 6.— WHEAT— BIue
stem io quoted at 64c for export anu club a{
60e. Millers pay 67c and 64c for the same
variety.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. ..* ■ >
Sterling Exchange, sight..... — 4 84
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 SC%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. . — 1713
New York Exchange, sight — 16
Fine silver, per ounce — " 58%
Mexican Dollars ii 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
"WHEAT— The future market opened higher,
but fell back. The spot market was steady and
unchanged. ;
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 n\<@l 22%: milling.
fl So©l iO per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
10.000 ctls. $1 26%; 36,000, $1 26%.
Second — December — ctls, $1 26:
; 6000. n 25%.
Regular morning — December-- 6000 ctls,
isl 2SH: 8000, $1 25%; 2000. |1 25%. -
BARLEY— Previous priops ruled, with a
. steady feeling and a fair demand.
Feed, Jl 20@l 22%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALEb.
Informal session— o'clock— December— 3ooo
etls, $1 18%: 2000. $1 IS%. • * -<:-
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— December — ctls,
$1 <"V
OATS — The market is dull and featureless at
unchanged quotations. Fancy Feed, $1 32% per
ctl: good to choice, tl 2501 30; common. }i 17%
@1 22%; Surprise. $1 32%51 35: Gray. $1 22%@
1 25; milling, $1 22%@1 27% per ctl.
CORN — The market is motionless and quota
tions are generally lower. Small round yellow,
Jl 25<gl 30; Eastern large yellow, sacked,
$1 I'T'ttil 10; white, $1 10@l 12%; mixed, f 1 05@
1 07% per ctl. - - .
RYE— and unchanged •at $1 20@l 22%
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75^1 85 per ctl.
-. FLOUR. AND MILLSTUFFS. '
FLOUR— Family extras. 54 4<fcg4 50; bakers',
extras, $4 15@4 23 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham, !
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100; j
Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream i
Cornmeal, *?• 25: Oatmeal. $4 T.<; Oat Groats i
$4 50; Hominy, $3 25<!?3 50; Buckwheat Flour, J4 i
<£4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina. %\ so-
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley), $5 85@6 25; in sacks, $5 Cs@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, 14 25; Oreen Peas, {4 50
per. 100 lbs. _
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market shows no particular change,
on© way or another. Quotations for choice
grades are nominal, as there is very little of
this class of Hay coming In. Arrivals of me
dium grades are ample and the general tone
of the market is easy. Straw is lower. Feed
stuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— SIS s<Wil6 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— fUetO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley t2f.<j?-2S per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31631 50; Job
bing. $32^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24ig.25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50-
Cracked Corn. $24<a24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $17^17 50 for
good and $14&16 for lower grades; "no choice
coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15<J l t6 60; Oat $13
13 80: Barley, fl40IS; Island Barley, $12 MQM
Alfalfa, $12^13; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc ) —
Wheat. $13@14 JO; Oat, $12@13; Cheat. WQH2 50-
Alfalfa. $llig'll 50 per ton.
STRAW— SO@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Quotations for Mustard are omitted, as there
Is none coming in at present. Flaxseed Is dull
and nominal.
Colored Beans rule dull and Pink are lower.
The white kinds are still firm and in fair de
mand.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 75®2 90; Small Whites
»2i&2 16; Large Whites, $1 90@2; Pinks, $2 25Q)
2 40; Reds, %2 «o®2 75; Blackeye, Is 3 ir,<Q:3 2:. ;
Butters; nominal; Limas, $3; Pea, |2^!2 15; Red
Kidneys, f 2 oO@2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard,' perctl; Yel
low Mustard, — -; Flax, nominal at $2@2 10;
Canary Seed, 2"4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, nominal-
Rape. 2%@2%c;; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, »50
6»ic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, »1 75@2; Green, $2@2 10
per ctl. .?; ;i
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are firm at rather better . prices.
Onions are lower under free receipts.
• With the exception of Tomatoes, which are
very firm at a further advance,- th» Vegetable
market is - overstocked and . weak,' with consid
erable stock carried over.
POTATOES— 4O® SSc in sacks for Early Rose
and.so<g7oc In sacks and 75c@$M0 in boxes for
Uurbanks; Salinas Burbanks, nominal; Sweet
Potatoes, . 3%@4c per lb. ■*■ ' '■
ONIONS— 4O<S 50c per ctl for red and 60@75c
per ctl for yellow. Pickle Onions, 75@30c per
ctl. - ■ . ,' ':..■.'.-.'--■
VEGETABLES— Peas, 2^@3c; String
Beans. 2<3Zo per Tb; Lima. Beans, 3@4c; Hay
Squash, 25@3f<c; Green ' Peppers, 35@50c for
Chile and 60676 c for Bell; Cabbage. 50c pc»
ctl; Carrots, So@soc per sack; Bay Cucumbers
25#30c; Pickles, 75@85c-for.No. 1 and 40® 50c per
box for No. 2; River Tomatoes, $i@i 50 • Green
Corn, 40@75c per sack for_Vacav!lle, $i@i 25 per
crate for Alameda, 40©65 c for Berkeley"; Garlic
2'8 l 2V ,c per lb; Green Okra. 40®C0c; Egg Plant'
'35<S60e per box. - . - •-.-■■ . '
EVAPORATED .VEGETABLES'— Potatoes
sliced, raw,- 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, ' 10@18c; ; granulated, raw, 13c-
Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c: new,' 18c; Cab
bage, 30c ; ' Sweet : Potatoes, -5 SOc: . Turnips, 25c •
String, Beans, 30c; 'Tomatoes. 50c. ; ■_ "
POULTRY AND GAME. '
• Two cars of Eastern will be due early In the
week.' . ..._•,. r :. ..,',:■'"'..■■ -■ .- 1
POULTRY— Turkeys, 13@140 for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair 75c
(J;$l; 'Goslings. »l@l":6; Ducks, ti 75@3 for old
and $2 Do@l for. younsr: Hen*. U@i 50: Roosters
young, " $5@6: . Roost-ers. old, $4@4 50; . Fry
ers, $3 50(64;. Broilers.; »3«|3 60 for. large; jcj 25^
2 i.s for small ; Pigrons, $1 Do@l 75 per dozen for
young and $I@l 2." for old.- . ■■ ■ >.< -.- .
: Nominal. .. ;
; 4 --' BUTTER. : CHEESE AND EGGS.
The ■■ Butter t market ?Is well cleaned 'up 'of
creamery deArriptlons- and' prices; are firm at
a further advance. Cheese rules firm. Eggr
ajre jtea.dy. ■ but the ureaence of. several' cars • of ]
fancy Eastern just received operates against a
rapid advance.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries. 22ig'23c; sec
onds, 21c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 19(g20c; common
grades, 15©1Sc. __ „
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, I4@lac per lt>;
Elgin, nominal. „  „_
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9®loc: old. 8@
BHc; Cream Cheddar, 10(&llc; \oung America.
9V4<ftlO»ae: Eastern. 12&13 c. .
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 2«.«3>24e per dozen; store
Eggs, 14@17c; Eastern. 13@16c for ordinary and
18c for fancy; Duck Egg?. ISc.
AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Yesterday was the weakest day of the sea
son for canning fruits. The canners were well
supplied with Pears, and as it was Saturday
they, withdrew from the market and a con
siderable quantity was perforce carried over.
Peaches were also dull. Apricots were firm
enough, but the season is about over and there
are very few coming in. The depression was
increased by the lateness of the river boats.
There was no marked decline in anything, how-
ever. ■•■■_■.
DECIDUOUS , FRUITS— -■ • • _ _.
Strawberries. *4 60©« per chest for large and
r^lorjmaU^ 76wfn ,5, 5
for 'double layers. - XT ,_„__
Cantaloupes. *2 M>®4 per crate:, NuUnegs.
$1<25(8 > 1 75 per box; Watermelons, *sQls per
hundred; . .;
Huckleberries, 6@7c per W Nectarines.
Red Nectarines, 60«?S5c; ■ White Nectarines.
s °tvnltrSr\p XX e S , 40®7*.per box and 60@7»c per
crate; Black Grapes, 65@S5c per crate; Muscats,
7E@9f»c'. ■ . „
Blackberries, $2 50@4 per chest.
■ Plums,. 4CS 6oc per crate and 25|j 50c per box.
In. built, JlO per ton for green and *12 50@1j for
v^llow * ■ " ** ■'
' Apricots. 60@S5c per box and $40@65 per ton
in i^ache S . 30(5!75c per box. 65|S5c per basket; in
bulk, to canners, $25@45 for Freestones; Clings.
J65«j:55., , '
Crabappple3, 20>3>i0c per box.
Raspberries. $s@" per chest. - ri/ , mtl ™ r
Apples. 35«f60c Tor common, and 7&e<ixjl per
box for No. 1. 75cS$l per box and Wog«
Uartlett J'ears. 78C©$1 per box and J»g*«
per ton for No. 1. and 25@50c per box and $20@
25 per ton "for small and inferior stock ,„, q f
•CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $1 2»@l oO_for St.
Michaels. $I@l 25 for Mediterranean Bweeta,
am! 760011 25 for Seedllngaf- Lemons. $1 2a@2
for common and $2 6O©B for sood to choice.
Mexican Limes. $4 50®5: California Limes 50c
per box; Bananas.- $1 2502 per bunch. Pine
apples, $3<g>4 per dozen. ■
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Old Peaches are belngr bought up briskly and
stocks are rapidly *elng reduced at advanced
prices. The new fruit is .nominal.
Prunes are firm, but buyers are not press
ing the market for supplies. It is estimated
that from .50 to 75 cars of last years crop
will be carried over. ?.! „,,,-.. wj
i DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. 3ft4j4c bid
for .the four sizes; old Prunes, carload lots,
u@sVic for 40-50' s, 4ft«3c for 50-60's. .I\@4c for
GO-70-s, '3<4©3ftc for 70-SO's. 2\<&"3c for SO-Ws. 24
2ftc"for 90-100's; new Peaches, 6H<i?7e: old
Peaches 4ft@6ftc; peeled, : nominal; new Apri
cote ftvgiiOc for Royals and 15'gl7ftc for Moor
parks; oid Apricots, 6@7c.for Royals and S@loc
for good to fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Ap
rles, 6ft@7c; sun dried, 334 c; Black Figs, sacks,
2fi2ftc: Plums, 4<S4ftc for pitted and l@lftc for
utiplttcd; bleached Plums. Ac; Nectarines. 3®
4ftcfor prime to fancy;. Pears, 3@sc for quar
ters and 3@'sftc for halves, according to color,
i etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 2Vi(3'2\c for
I three-crown, 3#3fte for four-crown, 3@4c .'or
Seedless Sultanns, 2ft^3c for Seedless Mus
catels and $I®l 15 for London layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS — Walnuts, 3^4c for hardshell. 4@6c for
softshell: Almonds. 3ig i 4c.for hardshell, «§7c for
EOftshell, Sft@Sc for paper shell: Peanuts, i@
6ftc for Eastern and 4ft> for California; Pe
cans, 6ft©"Sc; Filberts. yfttTl'Jc: Brazil Nuts,
&it^c per lb; Cocoanuts. $4 6035 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9010 c., for bright and 6S'7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6ft<p
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@sftc per lb.
BEESWAX— 26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 9c per Ib for
heavy, 9Ue for light medium, 10c for lleht.
lie for extra ligbt and 12®12ftc for sugar cur«d:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10ft®ilc; Cali
fornia Hams. 9ft@loc; Mess Beef, |10 50 per bbl; J
extra Mess Beef. $11: Family Beef. $12; Salt j
Pork. $9: extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, i
$17<r1750; mess. $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12ftc
! per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per lb
i for compound and Sc for pure: palls. S%ic:
! California tierces, sftc per lb for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7ftc; 10-lb tins,
Sc; '.-lb tins. Bv«c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%?fSSt,c; packages
1 less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 in a case. 9ftc;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B^c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, Sftc; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case. S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. l%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. Sftc; /ancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; halt
I barrels, about 110 lbe, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
AH descriptions are quiet at previous prices. I
HIDES AND PKINS— CuIIs and brands sell j
about 1c under the quotations. . Heavy nalM-d j
Eteers, 10c; ■ medium, 9c;. light, Sftc: Cow- |
hides, 9c: Stags, Gftc; salted Kip, Sftc: calf.
9c;. dry Hides, sound, 15c;- culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17(gilSc; I
Goatskins, 27ft@SOc; medium, 30c; winter, 10c; !
Sheepskins,. shearlings, 15-525 C each; short wool
30® 40c each; medium. 60@S0c; long wool, :-oc@
$1 10 each: Horsehldes. salt. $2 25 for .'s-i{.>
and JliSl 75 for small; Colts. 50c; Horai»nl<!es,
dry, $175 for large and ,75c<gfl IS Jor small;
ColtF. BOc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3tic per lb; No. 2,
2&c; renned, -?74?ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free ~ Northern, S»@l2c. . Spring clip — Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin ar.d '
Southern, 7 months", SiJflOc; - Foothill • and
Northera, free, 12>{jl4c: Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10«il2c: Middle County, 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 14(3)lCc: Nevada. l'nilk:
Eastern Oregon, 10ij.M2c: Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop. 9®l2ftc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, *%(&i\c; Wool
Bags. 18918 c: Pan Quentin Bags, 14 85.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seat
tle, • $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend.
$7 50; Cumberland, $13 in bulk and $14 50 in
' sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60: Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks. . "_ ■ : vi-:-i
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms r:t cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, 6>4c; Candy
Granulated, Cc; Dry . Granulated, STfcc; Confec
tioners' A. 6%e; Magnolia A, 5Hc; Extra C,
t%c; Golden C, 5V»c; California A, 5%c per lb;
haU barrels. »ic more than barrels, and boxes
Vie more.
RAILROAD TlES— Shipment of 34,700, valued
at $11,063, to Callao.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The weakness in Hogs continues, but there
is no further decline.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
daughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6>^c; second quality,
r>V4SCe; third quality. 4\4«?5>,4c.
YEAL — Larve, 4@sc; small, 6@7c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7©7V4c; Ewes, 6@6Hc
per lb. ■:.; ' »-.- '
LAMB— Sprlrw. 7®Bc per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4@4%c for large, 4Vi«f?4Uc
for medium and 3'/.©4c for small; stock Hogs,
2@>3S4c; dressed Hogs, 5%@7V4c. -
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. August 6.
Flour, qr sks ... 6,625|Hay, tons ......... 603
Wheat, ctls 178 Straw, tons 30
Barley, ctls 3,840 Wool, bales 189
t'heeHe, ctla • 26iPelts, bdls 200
Butter, ctls 14S|Hides. no 913
Tallow, ctls 32S Eggs, doz 3,030
Bean«, Bks 100 Quicksilver, flsk. 89
Potatoes, cks ... 640 Lumber, ft 40.000
Onions, sks 685! Wine, gals 66,300
Bran, Bks 60iLeather, rolls ... 12
Middlings, sks .. 5 Lime, bbls 243
OREGON.
Wool, bales 55 May, tons 90
EASTERN.
Com, ctls 800
UTAH. m
Hay, tons 20!
BFAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Howard E. and Jean W. Wright to Agnes
H. Goedje. lot on W line of Webster street,
75 S of Filbert, S 25 by W 100; SIOOO.
Isaac W. Stanley to Mary Gleeson, lot on E
line of Shotwell street, 110 S of Fourteenth, S
25 by E 122:6; $1.
John W. Hass to Johanna R. Hass, lot on
E line of Dehon street, 210 S of Sixteenth, S
25 by E 80; gift.
Allrcd Clarke Jr. to Mary H. Knofiach, lot
on E line of Homestead street. 210 S of Twenty
fourth, S 50 by E 125, lot E block 18, Noe Garden
Homestead Union; $544.
Chay nee Chen, Chay Yin Yee and Chay Tune
Tl (by Jay Mau Tons, attorney.) to Chong Sing
Chew, undivided one-half of lot on NW corner
of Dupont and Clay streets. N 57 by W 65 ;\
110 000
Myron T. McVerry to Mary A. MeVerry, lot
on SE corner of Hyde aod Greenwich streets.
S 65:9 (65:9), E H7:6. N C>S:9. W 137:6.
Thomas J. Flynn to Nellie Flynn, undivided
% of lot on SE line r.t Clementina street. 300
NE of Sixth. NE 25 by 75; $5
John Flynn to same, undivided V 4 of same;
$600.
Emellne Blanchard to Sarah A. Plank (wife
of Louis) lot on W line of Seventh avenue,
475 N of Lake street, N 25 by W 114 : $750.
Carl and Veronica Stahl to Albert M. Getz,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue. 150 N of
J street. N 25 by E 120; Jl5O.
Mary G. McEntire to Lucy E. Galavotte, lot
on NW line of Chenery street. 23S SW of Roa
noke SW 50 by NW 100; $1000.
Hannah Monroe to Elennore F. Cavendish,
lot on N line of Sunnyside avenue. 2"0 W of
Baden street, W 25 by N 100, lot 32, block 41,
Sunnyside; $20.
Alameda County.
I George H. • and : Annette >V. I Barrett : to '; Minna
Kohler.-loton NW corner, of Seventh and Oak
streets, ; W< 35 by . N . 88, : block 12S, I Oakland ; -"also
rlebt • to-use :aa • a jprlvftto way a strip iot ]an<J
12 feet wide fronting on Oak "street/ by 35 feet in
depth, lying next N of, land herein above de
scribed. Oakland; $5750.
M. Henas to Manuel S. and Jacintha S. Mello,
tot 43, block 24, North Alameda Tract, East
Oakland; $225.
Elizabeth T. White to Emily B. Hopkins, lot
on S line of Ashby avenue, 1643.6 W of College.
S 140 by W 50, being lot 33, block E, Claremont
Tract. Berkeley; $500.
M&mie A. and Frank J. O'Brien to Sara B.
Rothenberg, lot 12, block D, Rooney Tract,
Berkeley; $150.
Joseph Raymond to Harriet A. Williams, lot
on S line of Bay View ar»nue 50 W of Chest
nut street, W EO by S 141, t?!ng lot 13. blooit
11. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $200.
Jane A. Nlghtingill to -Samuel B. Connor, lot
on IS line of Lincoln avenue) 16? :Z W of High
jtreet. W 224 by N 130. being lots 4 to 7. block
C. Sather & Robinson Tract. Alameda: $10.
Joseph L. and Sophia Isaacs to Sarah R.
Isaacs, lot on SE corner of Railroad avenue
and Paru street, E 92 by S 120, being lots 19.
20 and 21, map of Norton property, Alameda;
also lot on E line of Park street, .482:4 S of
San Jose avenue. S 47 by E 157:10, block D.
Alameda Park Homestead, Alameda: gift.
Wfmam I. and Olive Clark to George H.
Barrett, lot m SW comer Lilly and Canning
Streets. S i.O by W 100. lots 13 and 14, block L.
Roberts and Wolfskin Tract, subject to a mort
gage. Oakland Annex: $10.
Peter Quinn and James Kelly to Man' Frede
rick, lot on N line of University avenue. 1W)
E of California street. E 50 by N" 125 lot 9. on
Map of Subdivision of Range 11. Hardy Tract,
Berkeley; 1360.
Builders' Contracts.
H. Huddleston (owner) with Richardson &
Gale (contractors), architects Percy & Hamil
ton, excavating, grading, concrete "work, brick
work, stone and terra cotta work for 2-story,
basement and attic residence and a 2-story
stable on NE corner of Washington and Spruce
streets, E 776, N 127:8V 4 , E CO, N 25, W 137:6, S
152:5»4; $7960.
Same with C. Chisholm (contractor), archi
tects same, carpenter, mil), stair and cabinet
work, glass and glazing, hardware, tin work,
galvanized iron and copper work, electric work,
lathing, plastering, painting, staining. polish-
Ing, varnishing, tinting, whitewashing for same
on same; $13,&00.
Same with William F. Wilson (contractor)
architects same, plumbing work for same or
same; $1759.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were dull and unchanged.
The Crown Point and Gould & Curry as
sessments fall delinquent In board to-morrow,
and the Savage assessment falls delinquent In
office.
.Local securities were active for Saturday,
and prices were maintained.
The Bank of British Columbia paid a semi
annual dividend k.t the rate of 5 per cent per
annum July IS, the amount being 175,000.
The annual meeting of the German Savings
> and Loan Society will be held to-morrow.
The annual meeting of Welis, Fargo & Co.
will be held on Thursday.
The annual meeting of the Security Savings
Bank will be held to-morrow.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHi.WGE.
\ SATURDAY, August 6—10:30 a. m.
" Bid.Ask. | Bid.Ask.
U B Bonds— Mutual El Co. — —
4s quar coup.. Illftll2}i Oakland Gas.. 50ft 51ft
I4s quar reg...lllftii2>4 Pac Gas Imp.. 87 —
jlb quar new...:27*tl2»ft Pac L C 0..... — 52ft
Miscellaneous — S F G & E... 87% i, SS
! Cal-st Cab 55.112 — .San Fran .... — 3«,
i Cal El 6a 125 — , Btcck Gas" 13 —
C C Wat 65... 9Sftlooft Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — 9Sft Flrem's Fund. l9s 205
• E L & P 65. .123 — Bank Stocks—
jF&CI Ry 6s..USft — i Anglo-Cal .... 56 60
! Geary-st;R Bs. 92ft — , 'Bank of Ca1. .244 247 ft
IHC & S oVss-.100 105 - L'al Sl> & T.. — Jl
i L A L Co 6s. — 100 BWrt Nat 200 —
Do gntd 65.. — , 101 ! Lpn P & A. ...129ft —
Market-Bt. 65.. 125 ft — Mer Exchange 13 —
Do Ist M 55. .115 — Nev Nat B 155 —
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 97V. i■■ Savings Banks —
NC NG Ry.7s.lWft — Ger. S L &..15E0 1650
I N -Ry Cal fis.,loß — Hum S & L.IOM 1160
I NRy Cal 65.. 102ft10254 Mutual Say. — 42ft
INP CR R 55. 100 102^ S F Say U.. --80 500
NPC R R 65. 103 10S 6:4 L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. 102 102% Security S B 300 325
Oak Gas 55... .100 — rnlon T Co. looo —
Do 2d in ss..loj>\ — fctre«t Railroad—
j Om Ry 6s 126»4127ft California ....106 108
! P & O 6s 107 — Geary 40 —
P & Cl Ry 6s.l(H — Market-st 53V* —
Powell-st 65. ..118 — Presidio ■7* —
I Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
'Sac El Ry 65. 100 ', — '■ California ....130 150
!SF &N P 55. 107 — E Dynamite... 85 95
: SierrnßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 47^ 4S
i B Pof Ar 6s..W6ft — Vlgorit 2'»» 3ft
iS P Cal 6s 110 — -Miscellaneous—
"'■ BPC Is eg 5».. 95 — Al Pae Assn.. 34ft 93ft
5 P Br 6s US 116« i Ger Ld Wk5..115 —
S V Wat 6s...HSftU3ft Hana P C 0.... 15ft 15
, S V Wat .101% — HC & S C 0... 25ft 25%
! Stock Gas 65. ,100 — Hutch S P Co. 52* 53ft
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
; Contra Costa.. 50 — Nat Vln C 0... — 7
, Marin Co 50 — lOceanlc S Co. 57 67ft
Spring Valley. 9S«i 99 Pacific AF A. lft 2Vi
Gas & Electrl«— Pac Hot Co 100 104
j Cent Gaslight. lo6 — IPar Paint Co. 7H —
-■■i Morning Session.
25 Giant Powder C0n...~ 47 87ft
20 Hana Plantation Co.. 15 50
60 do do 15 75
I 10 do do 15 62ft
I 100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sug-ar 25 50
300 do do 25 62ft
| 23 Hutchlnson S P Co 6S CO
E0 Oceanic Steamship C 0... 57 CO
GO do do s 30 56 75
SOS F Gas & Electric C 0..... 88 00
! 10 do do 87 87ft
20 Spring Valley Water, s 10 SS 50
14 do do 9S 50
100 do ....do s 30 9S 60
10 do do , 9S 75
. • • INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning" Session.
25 Central Light & Power Co 7 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 25 50
. 20 Oceanic Steamship. Co • 57 50
MINING STOCKS.
" Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
; ' : • Morning Session.
100 Andes ........... 051100 Ophlr 23
800 best & Belcher. 17 !200! 200 Overman 05
100 Gould & Curry.. 07)100 Yellow Jacket... 20
X Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: • •-'„
Morning i Session.
500 Andes 05 400 Mexican ........ 18
JOO Best & Belcher. 16 JOO Ophir 23
500 Caledonia 20 iOO Overman 05 |
SCO Confidence 3S tOO Sierra Nevada... 52
H>o Gould & Curry.. 06 100 Yellow Jack&t... 20
»00 Justice OS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, August 6— 12 m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Julia — 02
Alta 09 10 Justice 07 OS
Andes 04 06 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 12 13 Lady Wash — 02
Benton Con — ITM-xl-nn 12 —
Best & Belcher 15 16 Occidental 55 60
Bullion — 03 Ophlr 23 24
Caledonia 18 20 Overman 04 06
Chollar 19 20 Potosi IS 19
Challenge Con. 12 15 Savage H 12
Confidence 35 — Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va. 37 38 t>e« Belcher .... 04 05
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 51 e2
Crown Point ..06 07 Silver Hill .... 09 10
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 150 —
Exchequer — 04 Union Con 21 23
Gould & Curry. 06 07 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. 65 — Yellow Jacket. 19 21
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
M.
T.
w.
T.
F.
%
8
ier
& Belcher
on
lonla
enge
ar i :.....
Cal. & ; Va
3ence
n Point
1 & Curry — -
& Norcross
3
9
5
12
17
2
•18
12
19
37
35
6
7
65
- S
12
23
5
55
18
I ?
11
S 4
1 50
51
cc
can
.
,
nan
lental
il
ge: ....:....."
Belcher
lard
a. Nevada
n
«•• Tncll..!
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front . (MisHlon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide- Is the same at both place*.
SUNDAY, AUGUST T.
Sun rises ..'..*.. ............'.........-.. .v... 6:18
Sun ; " set« .......". ... . : ... .v.~.v.\ .; .. ...... 7:12
yoon rises ....*.'. r... .::...*: ..'.•.•. :. :. . .•.*. .9:66 p. m.
.3:10
4:24
6:00
i; W
' 0:26
1:33
*2:29
i.; 3:10
i »:■
| 1O:<
iO:
3.1| 11:
3.5| 12::
3.8111::
t 4-l[ *2:;
!.-
i
5.1
.1:11
.......
11
s:'
l:<
7:
.8::
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
«nd the laat or right hand column gives the
last tide of. the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted rrom
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE-
Steamer.
Dv«.
Titania.......... Nanaimo .....:..... Aug. 6
Tillamook St. ."Michael v . ...:..:. Aug.. 6
Grace Dollar... St.' Michael .' Aug. 6
Coob 8ay....:..; | Newport ..'. |Aug. 7
Chi1kat. .%....... Hufnboldt .......... Aug. 7
San.Mateo.....". [Comox \. . " ...'..■.. Aug. 7
8ri5t01;*...:...;. Departure Bay ..... ; |Aug. 7
San Juan.....:.. Panama ..:.......... |Aug. S
Areata... ........ ICoor Bay ..:... |Aug. 8
Burma.... [Nanaimo lAug. 8
Ruth... Humboldt v...:.. .......... Aug.; 8
Pomona San Diego Aug. 9
Fu1t0n....:...... Oregon Ports lAug.
C01umbia....... Portland i Aug. 10
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 10
Signal. :...>. — . Gray*s Harbor .;......... ! Aug. 10
City of Panama La Llbertad Aug. 10
Orizaba.. Hurnboldt Aug. 10
Homer.:.;.-..;... Newport ....' Au?. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City ........... Aug. 11
Curaca0......... Mexico Aug.ll
TAelltnston..... Departure Bay ! |Au.ar. 11
Santa Rosa...'.. San Dle^o Aug. 13
California Portland ... :... | Aug. la
Umati11a........ Victoria & Puirn Kcur.dlAug. 15
City of Sydnpy.|l,laiiHa. [Aug. 15
STEVMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
snta RosalSan Diego.... Aug. 7. 11 am'pier 11
ate of CaliPortland Aug. 8, 10 amlPier 12
in. Blas...;Panaina Aug. 8.12 m PMSS
ms Bay... I Newport 'Aug. 9, 9 am' Pier 11
>een I Vie & Pert Sd. ; Aug. 9, 10 am Pier 9
lilkat IHumbolflt !Aug. 9, 9am Pier 13
•cata jCoos Bay ;Aug. 9, 4 pm Pier IS
ariposa ..iSydney iAug. 10. 2 pm Pier 7
imona ....;San Diego jAug. 11. 11 am. Pier 11
ilton lOrepon Ports. ■ Aug. 11. 3 pm l Pier 20
•laaba ....jHumholdt ....|Aug. 12, lOamPier .9
jn°a Seattle ! Aug. 12. 3pm Pier 2
ilumbla ...Portland j Aug. 13. 10 am Pier 12
sm*rm * r ; Newport .Aug. 13. 9 am.Pler U
Jric China* Japan 'A us. 13. Ipm PMSS
alia Wall -Vie & Pgt Pd. Aug. 14, 10 amjPler 9
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. IT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. August
6, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
shipping imi:i,lk;i;me.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 6.
Stmr Leelanaw, Stoors, 12 days from St
Michael.
Nor stmr Titania. Egenes. 90 hours from Na
naimo.
CLEARED.
Saturday, August 6.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude. Tahiti; J Pinet
& Co.
Schr Honipu. Olsen, Port Townsend; E T
Kruee.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen. Honolulu
and Fanning Island; J Wightman Jr.
SAILED.
Saturday, August t.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson.
Stmr Lakrne, Klltgard, Honolulu.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, Crescent City.
Stmr Scotia. Hansen. Eureka, with schr R!o
Rey In tow.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Charles Nelson. Anderson, Honolulu.
Br ship Western Monarch, Evans, Callao.
Ship Yosemite, Gettenby.
Ship Taooma, Davtes, Manila.
Bktn City of Papeete. B?rude. Tahiti.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ing.
Schr Ocean Spray. C.stlin, Iversens Landing.
Schr Free Trade, Poettner. |
Schr Rio Rey, Johnson. In tow of stmr Sco
tia.
Schr Eliza Miller, Christiansen, Honolulu and
Fanning Island.
Schr Defiance, Bloom, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Aug 6—lo p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind. W; velocity. 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Dlrigo loads coal at Seattle for this
port; Wilna, coal at Departure Bay for Hono-
SPOKEN.
July 21— Lat 18 S, long 26 W, Ger ship Malpe,
from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
July 2— Lat 7 S, long 26 W, Pr ship Mil ton
burn, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON. Augr 6 — Br ship Ecclefechan. pre
viiUFly reported, arrived safely at Queenstown.
Pumps control water.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Leelanaw— July 25— About 200 miles south
of ?t Michael passed a barge water logged,
apparently that lost by stmr Tlllamook.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
?T MlCHAEL— Arrived July 11— Stmr Pro- j
greto. from Seattle to sail about Aug 1. July j
12 Stmr Brixam. from Seattle, to sail about j
July 28. July 17— Stmr Elihu Thompson, from
Seattle, to Su.il Aug 1. July 21— Stmr Laurada,
from Seattle to sail about Aug 1. July 23— Stmr I
South Portland, from Seattle, to sail about (
Aug 1; stmr National City, from Seattle, to i
•ail about July 26. July IS— Stmr Alliance, frm |
Seattle, to sa*ll about July 24. July IS— Stmr ,
Dirigo, from Seattle, to sail about July 24. July
IS— Stmr Tlllamook, hence June 12, to sail I
about July 24 July 20 — Stmr Albion, from As- j
toria, to sail about July 22; stmr Noyo, from
Seattle, to sail about July 29; stmr Argo. from
Seactl>>. July 11— Br stmr Danube, from Vic
toria, to sail about July 29. July I— Stmr Cone
maugh, from Victoria. July IS— Nor stmr
Tordenskjeld. from Victoria, to sail about July I
24. July 2— Ship Elwell, from Nanaimo, to j
sail about Aug 5. July 6— Bark Rufus E Wood
from Seattle, to sail about Aug 7. July I— Brk
Highland Light, from Seattle, to sail about
Augurt 2. July 10— Bark Alex McNeil, hence
May 29. to sail about Aug 2. July I— Bark i
Hayden Brown, from Seattle, to sail for Kotze- |
bue Sound about July 23. July 23— Bark Hun- j
ter, hence June 7. to sail frr Kotiebue Sound j
about July 28. July I— Brig Geneva, from Seat- I
tie. to sail about July 24. July 3— Brig Har
riet G, hence May 24. to sail about Aug 1. J
July s—Schr5 — Schr Inca. hence May 22. to sail about j
Augst 2. July 10— Schr W F Jewett, hence I
June 10: schr J M Colman, hence May 19; schr j
Mildred, fiom Seattle: schr Bs*ngor, from New
Whatcom: schr Mary Anne, hence June S: schr
Chetco, hence May 23: schr Lyman D Foster,
hence May 29; schr Novelty, hence May 26;
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Sunol, hnc
July 31; ship Occidental, hence July 16; stmr
Al-Ki, from Alaska.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 6— Schr Falcon, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug 6— Schr Esther Buhne.
for Honolulu; stmr Samoa, for San Francisco;
srhr Sparrow, for San Frajicisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Coquille
River, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Aug s— Stmr Newberg, !
for San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived Aug 6— Schr Mary E
Russ. from San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug 6— Stmr Chilkat, for I
San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 6— Schr Serena
NEAH BAY— Passed Aug 6— Stmr Alliance.
SAN PEDRO-^-Arrlved Aug $— Bark Tidal
Wave, from Tacoma.
Sailed Auk 6— Stmr Newsboy, for
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed Aug 6— Bark Wilna
for Departure Bay
KADlAK— Arrived July 12— Stmr Del Norte
from Seattle, for St 'Michael. Put In for freJh
water, and was to sail July 13; was making
about 5 miles per hour; everything all right ■
wouia put into Sand Point or Kings Cove for
coal before going into Bering Sea
EUREKA— SaiIed Aug &— Stmr Hueneme. for
KARLUK— Arrived July 15— Bktn Portland
hence June 24.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aug s— Ship Agenor. for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived ■ug 3— Br ship Cam
buskenneth. hence May S.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 6— Br ship Be
nare*. hence March SO.
HOLYHEAD-Passed Aug 5— Br ship Marl
bnrqugh Hill, hence March 8
COLON— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr Finance , for
New York.
QUEENETOWN-Arrlved Aug 5-Br ship
Mardon IngHs, from Oregon
NEWCASTLE, En*— Sailed Aug 4— Br ship
Ollvehank. for San Francisco.
B.AILKOAD TBAVEL
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sauaalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TU MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, *3:30, 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 5:15. »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— Kor San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
.p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, »9:00, »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m ; 1:00. »1:45, "2:30, N.JO, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m.does not run to San Rafael Sunday:.
6:30 p. m does not run to Mill Valley Sundays.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, •S.Zi, 7:55, 5:23, *S:io
a. m. ; '12:20, 2:10, »3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7.OO, »f.:00, *8:45. •10:45. ni:4B
a. m. ; 1:00, 2:20, *3. - 80. »5:15, »6:00. 7:00 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Qucntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 6:46, 7:55. 8:43. 10:10
a. m.: 12:40. 2:25. 3:55. 4:5.1, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO, 10:00,. 11:10 a. m.: 12:05. 1:20,
2:40. 3:55, 5:30. C:SO p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN'S.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:ro p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'nj.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted) — To-
males and way stations.
8:00 a. m Sundays— Cnzadero and way sta'ns.
1:46 v. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'iv.
v" BAILROAD TKA VEIi.
Tlir.i:.\ l>Al!II'IC fOMPAHT.
(pacific stkt«m.)
•>iilii> irmr »u<l nre <!■••• (o nrrlve n*
•. . - <i4.\ FitAN<:i»<:o.
. (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
-bave — Fnojt July 10, 1898. '\ — arrivb
•C:OOa Nilts, San Jose and AVay SUUons... ** : J 3 a
7:0«.\ Benida, fluisun und Sacramento.... 10:43 a
:■ 7:««a Marysville, Orotille Keddiug Tia
:/: W.«xlland ..:............... . Os43|.
. 7:OO Elmira, Vacavillo and Rumsey. .... . "*-- Bi43p
7:30 a Martinez. Sau Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
i;ikli«togra aud Santa Rosa :... 6s r
■ (*:'>«» a Atlantic JJittiress, (>gil«n and Kast.. 8x4.1p
»::tUA San .Tose, Htockton.'. Valley Spricc,
' lone, Sacramento, Marys»illo,
Chico, Tehiuua and Ke«l Ul.ifT 4«l»r
• <i::<«A Teters, O»kd»le and Jamestown . . . . 7t 3
•J»:3Oa Mi1t0n.........; • ' «7:13*
»:«Oa New Orleans Kiprtisß, Merced, Kres-
1,0, JJakersfield, BanU Barliara. /
lam AngeleV »eiui.. Bf El l'aso. / -
. New Orlcons and East.....' 0;4.%r
O:OOa Vtllejo. Martinez and Way SUOons J-**r
M:OOrSacram«iitolCiverSte«meM.. *" : X
Bau Jose, Niles and Woy Stations... J»jl3
2:60p Livermore, Mendota, HanTord and '
Vi5a1ia. .......... {.— •••tj r — 4:13p •
Li vc-ruicr e, San Jose, Nlles and Way
' Stations. •.;•;.■•;• lOsl3a
4:(MlrMartiiif7, San Kainon, \allejo
Nap», Calist(«a, Xl Verano and
l: taU>»a .' ■■ ••••:• • ll 4 '
4:OOp Bc'ik'ia, VaaiTlUe, Woo 1 1 »n .
Kilclits I iu>dii:?. Mary«»ill9, Oro-
vilk. »i..! Sanriluieiito .'...: *2 : li*
4:3»r Nfkes: Stn Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7s 13^
4:SOi> Stooktou and Lodi •••; Wila '
4:30 - Lathrop, Mo<lr*to, Merced, Fresno,
r ->< Mojave, Sauta JUrbara and I .cm
: 4:3©PBf3rt!teV "Merced" "(Rkynsond fop 7143 *
4:80p Sfartlcez, Mereod (Raymond for „
Yoseraito) aud Fre«mo l»M»r
4t»Op ShiiU IV Konte. Atlmitio Kxpraaa
for.McjiiVu iiml Kast 5 J i2 p
'- 6<O»rKtirnpcuii Mail, Ocrieti and Kast.... »=■•?*
•«:OOr Vallcjo 1 . 1 - P .
Oi«M>i> llayn-nriK NilrsaiKt Han .1"»o 7i«A«<
J7.-001- Vsllejo. Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions ;..-• JO****
*:««!• Ort'Kon RxptWM S«crjtmrni.i, Marys-
. vll'.-. |{i..Min<, l'ortlaitil. l'uget
. .5.,11,,.1 an.l Kw»t .'-••• 8:15 a
SAX LKAMIRII AMI HAVWAKDS LOCAL.
: Hoot of Market Street.) m
1 JlclroH.-, Srniinnry lark, f ,7. : 15t
8:o.»a ntrhbnnr, Klmhnrnf. 'IS'l^
,i 1:«Oa Leandro, KMu.lillo, 12U3p
II2:«iom ' L«ren«o, Cherry ■ ri:43p
i;i:inif ami J*s4sp
5:OOp lfaynmrilii. t3:4Sp
7:0 Op i Runs tlirough to Niles. 7:43p
) t From Niles. {
~~ COAST ItIVISION (Nnrrow (iauire).
(Foot of Market Street.)
1T:4.%a Sauta Cniz Kxcumon, Santa Crus
and Principal Way Stations }8:»3p
8:13 a Newark,Ceuter»iUe,6anJoee,Felton.
Boulder Creek, SanU Cruz and Way
Stations Bt3Or
*2:13p Newark. Centarrilie, San Joae New
Almaden, Feltca, Boulder Ori*ek,
Santa Cruz and ITincipal Way
Stations # 10:3« a
4:1.1p San Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations O:«Oa
a4;l-'»r Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz j»:a»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TromSiK raiNClSCO— foot of JUrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:CO ]]:O(U.U. tl:00 *2:00 t3:CO
•1:00 15:00 •6:00r.«. -.vHT:;
fromOAIUHD— Foot or Bro»iw»j.—*6:O« 8:00 10:00*.
tl2:00 l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:QO "8:00 rji.
v . COAST l»l VISION (Broad Uaage).
• (Third and Townsend Stj.)
*7:OoAHan:JfWte hii.l W.iy tita'tious (New .
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....... l:30r
J7::8Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa - Cruz, Poeifie Grove and
Principal Way Stations JSsBsp
9:0Oa Sulii .I<m«. Tres Tinos, ' SHiita Crnz,
Pacllic (iroTe. Pa3O Itdblea. Sau
l.nis Oliispn, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal -Way Stations 4:l*r
IO:4Oa Sail .lose and Way Stations *8:OO.\
Il:3Wa San J<-«c and Way Stations •8:33*
*3i:43r San Mate<>, Redwood, Men!, Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gilr.iy. Uollister. Santa Crux.
Snlinas, Monterey and Pacific
' • . • Crore... *IO:SO.
•a:S»p .lose aud Way Stations •OiOOa
•l:I5i .li.««ii,l Principal Wa> Stations 0:43 a
•3:OOp Jose »ud Principal Way Stations G:S5*
s:3O[> San Jose anil Principal Way Stations O;S«r
C::tOi- San Jose and Way Stations 7:H»r
t11:45i- Ban Jmi!»ii.» Way Statluna 7:30p
. A for Morning. ~ P for Afternoon.
• Humiayb exeeMod. { Sundays only, t Saturdays only
f Snndayi and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundayi
SAN FRANCISCO .AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m., 12:33,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:30
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1.30. . 3:30,
6:CO, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2O. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:«.
3:40, C:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco ; and Schuetzen Park
game schedule as above.
Leave Arrive,
San Francisco. In Effect ! San Francisco.
June 29, ■
Week I Sun- . IS3B. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am B:4oam
3:3opm 9:Boam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm.
Fulton.
7:30 ' - Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
GeyserviUe.
3:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 ami I Hopland and I 110:25
s:3opm! 8:00 am Ukiah. [ 7:3spmi 6:22pm ;
. 7:30 am] 10:25 am
8:00 Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm | 6:22 pm
7:3oam S:ooam Sonoma 110:40 am B:4oam
and )
6:lopm s:oopm| Glen Ellen, {6:lopm 6:22pm
7:3oam! 8:0O«ra| Sebastopol. 110:40 am!10:25 am
3:3opm! 5:00 pm| | 7:3spm| 6:22 pea
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; 'at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
6erville for Sknggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Hprings.
Highland Spring:?, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlott
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Pcmo, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
side. Llerley's, Biickneirs. Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Booneyirle. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. , •
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle \>lCg.
A. W. FOSTER, „ R X. RTAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAiLWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleep!,: ft Car«
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
I.cave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Ar^ve Kansas City..7:oo a. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive it L0ui».....6:15 p- m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.
arrive C^1cac0.......*^. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very R-easoa-
able Rates. »
VOII WIIX BH COMFQPTARLR "
IV' You Travel on the Santa Fo,
tkl FHMCISCO TlCKHlffltt— i?l MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakktid Offio9-1118 Broadway.
Sacramento Offioa— 2ol J Streat.
Ban Joss Ofßco— 7 Wo3t Santa Clara St., *
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. '
From Jane 1, 1898, trains will run as follows;
South-bound. ■ j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed, ■ Mixed, | Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday i ger.
Dally. Exc'pted tions. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 m! 9:00 am Stockton I 3:45 p m 5:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno '< 9:30 a m 2:-' Op m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 mi 125 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 pm " B'k'rstld 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalia 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton witli steamboats uC
California Navigation arra Improvement Com-
; pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at i .
v;n <1» iy: nt MeroM with stapes to and from
SnelltnßS. Coulterville. Tosemlte,. etc.: also
with stage from Hornitos. Marlposa, etc. ;. at
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
HOUHT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY, U
(Via 'SauwUU- Ferry.)
JLeav« ban % Francisco. - commencing May U ■
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 3:15 p. m.
Bundaya— B:o°, 9:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. J:i» an 4
1:80 p. m. ''':■■. :•■■•'■ -■■-■- ■ r, ''-
Round trip from Mill Valley. H. „ ! .
i : T HOS. . COOK & SON, ; Agents, . 62J ; Harktf
i «tr«et. . Baa Francisco. .. : - -BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE
BINNIE AND
NED IN CUBA.
•*.■ " [Synopsis of preceding chapters. Binnie and
■ Nefi, California Boys, are in Cuba,- on secret
' . perVlce for the United States and Mr. Ostend
Is also there. The Senorita Julia, a youns
■Bi>anlßh girl, who knew all the secrets of the
Cuban patriots, has been taken away by ".he
anlah troopers ua a \ rtsoner. Binnie and Ned
have armed the mountaineers, und, accom
' banied by Cuban patriots, are pursuing the
* S-raniards to rescue her. Raniire2, Who has
- lieen supposed to be a Cuban patriot, but who
has become a Spanish spy, has hastened to give
'the Spanish captain warning Qcerning the
"plan for the rescue.]
CHAPTER 111.
EAST as Binnieand Ned and their
comrades rode, another rode fas
ter. Miles away he was speed
■ ing, sparing not the spur or the
whip. Pire flashed from the
flinty road as he droveon and on.
■•-. Once he reined in so sharply that his
■ horse was drawn almost to its
• haunches. Through the darkness glim
mered a faint light that proceeded from
a low cabin. Following sharp upon
".the cessation of clatter of his horse's
. hoofs came a sound as if some one had
. drawn a bolt. Then pistols clicked and
: ' a man stood forth dimly in the dark
ness.
• • Who goes there?" demanded the
stranger.
" -■' "Ramirez, ■ the messenger of the
■ King."
.•■■ "Ah. it is you, then. It is time, for
■the news is abroad that the Americans
• >yi'll come soon."
.'•' ' " 'Tis true," answered Ramirez,
•". shortly, "but I have no time to talk.
■ Quick, the relay horse and let me be
;"■• off, for I bring great news, Sanchez.
.Th\e mountaineers have arms in their
. . ftan.ds at last and they are marcing al
■ -ready to. Join the rebel, Garcia. But
•.'saw you Captain Nunez and his band
] mt"
-.; '"They went this way with a captive
-Woman, the Senorita Julia. By the way,
• Ramirez, is it not true that you once.
..fancied the Cuban cause?"
■.;.■■ "Have done with your jesting," re
;„ ■jp-Jied Ramirez, his eyes taking on a
' ii^ree look, "time flies; the horse at
' -.once; • The two young Americans who
Yhaye' been among- the mountaineers
i.-'HvilV hunt the gallant captain at. the
•■'.:H&.ad \>f a company of rebels .and I go
■'•»,.. -give warning". " ,. , "'. ■■•■■;'''■
'■'• -^"Speedily mounting the rresh horse,
■'.Katnirez sped away into the darkness.
■ 'Ay hat were his thoughts? He was a
-'.'.Spanish spy. He had freely mingled
.. Vith the Cuban mountaineers, and he
knew all their secrets. At first the fire
■ : of patriotism had burned feebly within
' him. He was not made a leader
-.^Smarting at this he had vowed yenge
. &nee, .and so had become a Spanish spy.
= - : "Perhaps," he thought, as he rode
■. in hot haste, "good may come to me
. • f rom this adventure. It may be that
" . •when the shots fly I shall be able to
. make the Senorita Julia think that I
•have saved her from the ; paniards."
: His beadlong speed made him gain
rapidly upon the Spanish captain, and
i early the next day, just as the first
'■.rays of the morning sun were bright
ening the lovely Cuban landscape, Ra
mirez saw, at a distance, the glittering
carbines and swords of the troopers.
Ramirez was seen by the Spanish
captain at the same instant. His furi
, ous riding told that something unusual
■was the cause. Tl captain ranged his
• lfV«rd* along the sides of a defile,
"where they were hidden by trees, and
■ -.awaited the coming of the Bpy. As he
• drew near, the captain called to him
jto halt ''»V
... "Very well, my captain," responded
: •■■the spy, "it Is Ramirez."
■ '"Welcome, Ramirez. But what brings
. you here?"
..-• ."Hardly had you departed when Os
= ':tend, the Yankee, appeared. The rebels
'■'.held a meeting. The Americans fur
• . nishefl them with arms and the moun
• taineers are even now marching to join
: . Garcia.
"Is it so? They will never meet him,
■if there is any place they can be am
bushed."
Ambushed! The Senorita Julia heard
t;..- word, but her quick wit did not
leave hr-r, although her heart beat hard
.and fast. The Spanish captain glanc
.' ed at her, but her face was bo . b
and. unruffled that he believed that she
.had heard nothing."
: : "A mile on, captain," said the spy,
. "there is a fork in the road. Just be-
: ynnd is a bridge that hangs ovi r a
•.deep mountain canyon. The bridf
be- passed over by the rebels some
hours hence, unless" —
•;.■ The Spanish captain nodded and
■' turning to one of his men, . spoke in a
low tone of voice, but not so low but
that the ears of Senorita Julia caught
■ th<- words— "take three men, rid.; for
ward and cut the supports of the bridge
it when the rebels march upon it,
th»-y will speedily dance upon air."
Unseen, the Senorita drew from her
dress a small red handkerchief, and,
■' \A/E ?>* de munk-a-munk. but wow!
:_: _ ■ • See how yure unkle's klose fit now !
with trembling hands, tore from it a
•fragment which she fastened to a
thprri. This was the secr-t warning
. of danger that she knew the Americans
. would- understand, if it caught their
glance. The Spanish captain and his
• men were too interested in the scheme
now unfolded to ambush and shoot
down the Cuban mountaineers! to
watch her closely. The plan was to
pitch day camp at the further end of
the bridge, in full sight of the road.
"Seeing us there the rebels will has
ten over the bridge, and then" —
"And then, my captain, they will fall
down among the sharp rocks in the bed
of the canyon i-nd we will leisurely pick
them off with our rifles from above."
"When the young: Americans are
dead, Ramirez, the Senorita Julia may
be your ally."
"Hush, captain, mention not her name
here; but 'twas I who caused you to
make this little journey. My letter to
ral Blanco brought you here and
placed Senorita Julia in a position
where she can never help the Cubans
:. fur she will confess or die in
prison."
As the awfulness of this plot dawn
ed upon the Spanish captain, h gaily
laughed. for his heart was like flint.
" 'Tis well," he s.-.1. "But now for
ward." The Spaniards moved on to the
bridge and crossed it and soon had a
camp fire merrily blazing by the road
side, by which th?y civoked their break
fast, while the Spaniards beneath the
bridge hacked away the supports of the
structure ur.til the timbers were nearly,
as the Spanish captain thought,
ready to fall of their own weight.
Meanwhile the Americans and their
Cuban followers drew nearer.
(To be Continued.)
THE CHERRY BIRD.
BY MARY GEORGE,
LOS GATOS.
Our little girl of summers four
Playa with her doll in the open door;
The eherrybird in the trellis, vine
Sings his song from a throat like mine.
Dashes of red are on breast and head.
"Why is he singing?" our little one
said,
"Over a nest hid in the tree.
A little gray bird, his mate, you see.
Is home in the ?nug little nest,
Caring for birdies, doing her best;
To .-.Merry-bird, her heart to cheer.
Loudly sings when none is near.
He looks out for bugs and berries.
Picks for them the ripe red cherries;
And feeds them ev'ry day until
Little cherrybirds have their flJl.
Of cSefrlee res; when there, is none
herryblrd looks, but cao't find one.
Then birdies tumble out of the home,
To hunt for bugs and berries alqne.
Two are gray that fall out of bed,
And two have caps of scarlet red
With nests to match; these are the boys
That sing and sing to make a noise.
For little girls that sit in the door,
To hear their songs of joy outpour.
All day long In the summer vine,
Cherrybird sings from a throat like mine.
THE BOY'S DREAM.
BY GEORGE BARRETT,
Monterey.
IT was a cold evening in July and I
ate a lot of meat for supper, not
thinking of having bad dreams. I
was in bed before the 9 o'clock
"hoodoo" bell, or curfew, rang, and
after I went to sleep then came my
dream.
I dreamed that there was an old
farmer and his wife, who stole little
boys and girls and took them to their
home and kept them; and I was Sfnt
out to find the place and brin^ bacic
the children. I found a path that led
Into the woods, which I was sure was
the right one, for I found tennis balls
that he had taken from me piled up on
the banks of the path. These I put in
my pocket. After I had walked all
day I came to the place where they
lived. There I found a large lake,
where about fifty children were play-
I'M de landlady from de west,
But hospitals will here pay best !
ing on the beach. I found a boy there
dressed in a ridine suit, whip and all.
I said to him: "Do you remember your
father and mother?"
"No," he said; "but they live in Del
Monte.
Before night we had it all arranged
that they should follow me, for I was
going to take them home. But as they
all collected together we decided that
the boy in the riding suit and 1 would
go alone. I told then- that we would
paste up notices so they could follow
US. I sent the boy up -to the house
after a pencil. I found at the begin
ning of the path a tablet which I
pk ked rp to use for the notices. Just
at the beginning of the path there was
a short cave and just as we got half
way through the cave we came to a
large pile of dishes, reaching across the
cave and nearly to the top. We turned
around and went out, when I woke up
NETTIE AND THE PEAS. '
Little five-year-old Nettie, who had
been brought up in the city, was spend
ing a few days in the country.
"Grandma, what are those funny Mt
tle green things?" she asked, .is'they
were passing through the garden one
day.
"Why, those are peas," was the reply.
"Peas!" exclaimed Nettie; "peas
come in tin cans."
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, STTNDAT, AUGUST, 7, 1898.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
THE TRAMP'S
MAGIC KNIFE.
BY LAWRENCE C. BEMENDERFER,
Ar.geis Camp.
TOM ATKINS was the most dissat
isfied boy in the Sacramento Val
ley. He had become interested in
reading the mining news in the
daily papers and considered him
self too good for his work, and' believed
his only chance of making a fortune lay
in going to a lively mining camp at
once. Even his father and mother no
ticed the absent-minded way in which
he attended to his duties, and the tired
man grumbled at finding the tools
scattered around, and also the shiftless
way in which Tom did. his work.
About this time, in July, while sit
ting on the well porch under the trees,
during the heat of the day, Tom saw a
ragged tramp coming along the dusty
road leading to the well.
"Hello:" remarked the man as he
came up, and sitting down, helped him
self to a cup of water. "Well, this is the
nicest, coolest place I've struck since I
left Brown's camp up in the foothills."
"What, are you from a mining town?"
asked Tom quickly. I have always
wanted to meet a person from one. I
am thinking of going to one myself."
"You?" laughed the man. "Why, I
would have expected more ambitious
plans. A mining town is a rough place
even for a man. Look at me. Do I
look as if I ever saw much money? Do
I n<>w?"
Tom looked at the tramp with his
patched, ragged clothes, a limp ban
danna handkerchief tied loosely about
his neck, and his old straw hat with
holes in numerous places.
"No," said Tom, "you don't. Could
not you get work to do?"
•'Why, certainly," said the man, with
a short laugh. "But all that was of
fered me was too hard. lam a trav
eling musician, but of late met with
poor success. I lost a charm some
weeks ago of great value."
"That was too bad," said Tom, so
berly. "What was it?"
"Luck," remarked the tramp. "It is
one of the greatest charms of life, of
more note than money. But I have
something left" (carelessly putting his
hand into his trousers' pocket he drew
out a jackknife). "When I was in In
dia I met Aladdin. Heard of him,
sonny? The fellow who owned that
lamp. He presented this to me as a
parting gift. It is charmed."
"I didn't suppose knives were in
vented those days."
"No, but one of his descendants had
one, so it is all the same. Anyhow,
I can do wonderful things with it; go
anywhere, see anything, and by chance
have been thrown into strange places."
"Can you— could you do anything,"
said Tom slowly.
"Yes; first tell me something you
want done. Where do you wish you
were now, this minute?"
"In the richest mining camp in Cali
fornia. lam young, strong and willing,
and would not refuse work because it
was hard, as you did. I am sure I can
get along; all I want is a chance."
"You shall have it," exclaimed the
man.
There was a large stiff mat near
them. "Step on that." Tom obeyed
and the man stepped on the other end,
opened the knife and at once the mat
rose upward and, floating above the
trees, stopped midair.
"Now," he remarked shrewdly, "here
is y :r chance. Take it if you will, but
in- .se you are disappointed do not
blame me, for I am only a plain magi
cian. If you wish I will descend. If
you go I promise to land you here be
low safe and sound five days hence."
"Yes. I will go," said Tom impulsive
ly, and immediately they began to float
over the valley and then over the low
rolling hills east toward the mountains.
Landing near a town they walked up
a long dusty road. The first faint sound
of the mills sent a thrill of delightful
expectancy through Tom. The bulky
stages, as they roiled by in a cloud of
dust, and the heavy freight teams, all
made him think only of the novelty.
As they continued on toward the mines
and mills the tramp explained that he
intended to give Tom a chance at hard
•work; two chances, one to get gold, the
other to keep it, "and In case you fail
at the latter you can return home at
once, for it will show you are utterly
unfitted to battle with fate."
At length, coming to a large shaft,
the tramp opened the Jackknife and at
once a parachute appeared. They be
gan to descend to the bottom of the
shaft, on reaching which Tom, by the
aid of the electric lights, followed the
tramp, who at last stopped at a drift,
and, handing him a pick and shovel,
told him to commence work, at the
same time opening the knife. Tom be
gan to dig. The place was very rich.
Gold, gold, in every place. Ho filled his
pockets and loaded himself with it. As
he worked the gold dust settled on him.
It encrusted his pick and shovel, face
and hands, and stuck there like glue.
But its weight at last began to tell. He
struggled on to procure more, never
stopping till he could work no longer.
"Take me out of this place," he cried
at last, "I have enough."
The tramp appeared. "You have not
yet proved your worth; there is an
other test to be made, follow me."
They soon came to another drift, like
the first, only there was no gold in
sight; only bare, hard rock.
All the gold obtained at the price of
hard work began to loosen and fly to
the walls of rock as if magnetized.
Tom endeavored frantically to keep it.
He tried to pry it off the rooks and
often succeeded, but it flew back, and
even when he put it In his pockets it
broke through and made holes in them.
At last he fell down on the rough floor,
exhausted, and called for the tramp,
who came at once.
"So after all your toil you are as poor
as when you begun. Would you like
to see what you look like now?
"Yes, bring me a glass," said Tom.
Opening the knife at once one side of
the drift became transparent, and look
ing, Tom beheld himself, old, gray and
bent.
"Are you rendy to return home, now
that you have lost all? Are you?"
"Yes," groaned Tom. "Let us leave
at once."
The tramp once more produced the
parachute, and clinging to it they
sailed out of the shaft away over the
hills toward the valley.
Just then Tom became aware of some
one shaking him roughly, and heard
his mother saying: "Why, Tom. how
sound you sleep. It Is time to milk the
cows." And that was Tom's first and
last trip to a mining town.
THE LITTLE ARMCHAIR.
BY MARGARET E. SANGSTER.
Nobody sits in the little armchair,
It stands in a corner dim;
But a white-haired mother, gazing there,
And yearningly thinking of him.
Sees through the dusk of long ago
The bloom of her boy's sweet face.
As he rocks so merrily to and fro,
With a laugh that cheers the place.
Sometimes he holds a book in his hand,
Sometimes a pencil and slate;
And the lesson is hard to understand.
And the figures hard to mate;
But she sees the nod of the father s head,
So proud of his little son.
And she hears the word so often said.
"No fear for our little one.
They were wonderful days, the dear,
sweet days,
When a child with sunny hair
Was hera to scold, to kips and to praise,
At her knee in the little chair.
She lost him bark in her busy years,
When the great world caught the man.
And he strode away past hopes and fears
To his place In the battle's van.
But now and then Is a wistful dream,
Like a picture out of date.
She sees a he-ad with a golden gleam
Bent over a pencil and slate.
And she lives again the happy day.
The day of her young life s spring.
When th'o small armchair stood just in
the way.
The center of everything.
"Johnnie," said the teacher to one of
the juvenile class, "in your composition
on George Washington you say fate cut
down a cherry tree with a saw. Don't
you know he chopped it down with a
hatchet?"
"Yes'm," replied Johnnie, but I
couldn't spell hatchet."
Professor — So, then, by the term rep
tile we mean a creature which does not
stand on feet, but moves by crawling
on the ground. Will one of you name
for me such a reptile?
Freddy— Baby brother. — Judy.
THE FOUNT
OF THE DEW.
THE Fountain of the Dew in that
beautiful land of the fairies, be
neath Tamalpais Mountain, is
the source of t'.*e sweet odors of
all the flowers that grow in Cali
fornia. The Fountain springs
from a basin, curiously fashioned by
fairy fingers, froi the shell in which,
once in one thousand years, Nltoka, an
Indian maiden who lived long, long
ago in the land now called California,
sails upon the Moon Lake. Of this
wonderful Moon Lake I must tell you
at another time. Once in one thousand
years it becomes a mirror— yea, more
than that— an enchanted sea upon
which, led by Nitok  the fairies take
boats for the moon, sailing easily from
its face to the slanting Magic Rays,
upon which fairy boats may glide to
the Moon's silver face safely and gen-
tly.
Now there was a drought in Califor
nia, and the wild flowers died very
early in the summer. No longer the
rivers ni tured the pretty Loral faces in
their tranquil waters. The bees and
the birds h< -tented them— dead untime
ly.
"Nay," said the solemn old Pine Tree,
"we shall see them no more. The earth
is like flint, so hard has it become; and
they are prisoners in its iron cells. No
more will they perfume the gentle gale.
No more will they embroider the
earth's robe of green in the sweet
spring time. They are dead!"
The birds heaped upon the mounds
where the flowers were buried the
sweetest smelling twigs of pine that
they could find and sang the sweetest
songs. The bees brought there the
choicest honey from their store houses
in the tree hollows, to sweeten the
ground. The trees leaned over and
cast the soft but brave shadows of
their protecting arms there. Only the
sunbeams were not sad. They darted
in and out, twinkling gayly through the
foilage of the forest, like the sudden
glowing .of Fairyland lamps and lan
terns; danced daily above the silvery
gravel in the bed of the brooks shal
lows; warmed the birds and bees and
forests into temporary gladness des
pite their losses. Just so angels come
to the bereaved.
Before the early Frost had folded Its
winding sheet of silver, in the full of
the Moon, about the meadows' and
mountains' floral darlings. Hope whis
pered once more. Pechaps the flowers
would live again. Not transplanted,
like the lost darlings of many house
holds, to the far meadows that are wa
tered by the River of Life. Only sleep
ing beneath the earthly sod — awaiting
the calling of the myriad rain drop? to
annually reawaken them. Who should
learn the truth about the flowers but
Goldilocks?
The Elves in the forests, who speak
the same language as the dwellers in
Fairyland, told all about Goldilocks.
More than that they bade Goldilocks to
visit Fairyland. The forests held up
their branches to shade her; the west
wind blew softly to fan her cheeks and
refresh her; the birds sang godspeed
to her aa she and I passed through The
carved ivory gate of Fairylanl and en
tered into the heart of Tamalpais
Mountain, hand in hand.
From the scented throat of every
Trumpet Flower in Fairyland came
the greeting to Goldilocks— Hail!— ir>.
delightful music. For, be It known,
the llowers of Earth and the flowers
of Fairyland are of kin; and all the
trees and grasses and plants are kin
wherever they grow. So the flowers of
Fairyland were pleased at the oomtng
of Goldilo-cks, for they knew no secret
of Fairyland would be kept from her.
By magic we were both placed beside
the Fountain of the Dew and thero we
waited.
We waited only an instant for — be
hold: Hand in hand, daaoln;; almost
lixe fairies, trooping arounl Us fio-n
many unseen nooks, encircling the
Fountain of the Dew, arae all tfae
flowers of the Spring— not dead— fully
alive, millions and millions, full of sun
shine, graceful, dainty, fragrant as
ever upon earth. There were the golden
poppies, the velvet robed wild pansies,
the beautiful grass flowers, the bravely
fringed blue chicory— all the sweet sis
terhood of the fields.
Smiling at the wonderment of little
Goldilocks, they crowded closer to the
fountain and caught the sparkling
drops as they fell. Every drop had its
own separate perfume No flower caught
other than its own proper odor. Hut
the flowers had to dodge so to effect
this that the scene was as if some play
ful breeze had suddenly started all the
flowering meadows of the universe to
curtseying and bowing at once. Banks
upon banks of flowers; each diffusing
rare odor; in the center the sparkling
and ever murmuring 1 , plashing and
flashing Fountain of the Dew.
The Fairy of the Fountain came to
view from I know not where. Perhaps
she was in the fountain. Her marvei
ous robe, of some rare material, spark
led with diamonds of dew and took on
the colors of all the flowers that ever
have lived. She was very small, ncu
more than a foot high.
* "Welcome." said all the flowers in
unison.
"Thank you," said the Fairy, "this is
the day when you all will receive your
odors and colors for another year and
you are freely welcome to this priceless
gift, for which you will be prized. But,
Goldilocks, what called you here?
Welcome, little friend!"
When Goldilocks told how the trees
and the birds and the bees and the
fields and the mountains were lonely
and sad, the flowers all were sorry and
began to murmur aloud.
"What?" asked the Fairy gayly, "sad
P\E umpyre is de boss of awl;
None answers when I say "play bawl."
upon the Day of Color and Perfume?
Be so no more. Behold, here is Goldi
locks, who comes from the Elves. She
shall be the Messenger of the Flowers."
All the flowers clapped their hands.
Goldilocks would not stay, but has
tened forth from Fairyland that the
glad news that all the flowers were
alive and would return to the moun
tains, valleys, meadows and forests in
due time might be known as soon as
possible. • ■■< • ■ • :': ' • ?"■;":"■;•
"They are not dead. They are just
taking a vacation." -.■"-> . "- '■* '■'■'■'
This was what Goldilocks : whispered
to a ' butterfly messenger just outside
the ivory gate. Zig-zag, this way and
that, the butterfly flew and at every
queer corner turned by him he found
another butterfly, bee or bird to tell
the news and so the tidings were spread
and with the news also sped abroad the
fame of Goldilocks as the Messenger of
the Flowers,. . - -
THE GREEDY
OLD GRAY RAT.
BY CORA MELBOURNE.
OH, dear; I am so tired of this hor
rid lesson, sighed Meta, her six
year-old golden head nodding
sleepily over the spelling.
It was her bedtime, but mam
ma said she must finish her lesson.
Meta only had one more word to
learn — mouse — and had been spelling It
over and over again for the last five
minutes.
But, imagine her astonishment, when,
I AM a munk of soaring mmd —
De sorest munk dat yew kan find.
looking up, she found a real, live
mouse, dressed In red and gold, stand-
Ing before her.
"Good evening, Miss Meta," he said,
bowing. "I heard you spelling my
name."
Meta was so surprised at hearing a
mouse talk that she could not say a
word.
"But I must say good-by now. lam
going to a party, and don't want to be
late."
"Oh, do let me go with you," pleaded
Meta, not the least afraid.
"You may go if you promise to keep
very quiet."
"Oh, I will be so quiet no one will
know I am there," cried Meta.
"Then follow me," replied Mr. Mouse,
leading the way through a mouse hole
(through which Meta passed with
ease) along a passage, and into a large
hall. Here, around a white spread ta
ble sat twenty or more mice, all dressed
In red and gold.
In the center of the table stood the
very meat pie Meta had seen the cook
make that morning to poison rats.
She was just about to tell them the pie
was poisoned, when there was a loud
noise outside, causing them all to start
from their seats; then a large rat, with
a large sword, strutted in.
"I heard that you mice had a meat
pie," he began in a loud, harsh voice;
"but as I am fond of that dish myself
I have come to eat it, ' And he swung
his sword around fiercely.
"You can have it in welcome," cried
the trembling little mice in a chorus,
scared half to death.
Then Mr. Rat seated himself in the
middle of the table, with the pie on
his lap, and began to seat. When be
had it nearly all eaten a hungry look
ing little mouse asked timidly: "Please,
Mr. Rat, can't we have Just a little
taste?"
Mr. Rat was about to snap out a re
fusal, when he was seized with terrible
pains, and, falling on his face, gave
three kicks and died.
So ended the selfish rat.
3132
TO FORETELL
CALIFORNIA CLIMATE
Continued from Page Twenty-two.
strengthen Mr. Hammond's theory and
points to a possibility that it can be
worked out to the advantage of Cali
fornia, because if we know we are go
ing to have a dry year we can prepare
for it and husband our resources.
"The way I came to discover a possi
ble means of foretelling: our winter sea
son," said Mr. Hammond, "was when I
■was making comparisons of the tem
perature of San Francisco and Vnga,
Island. I was struck by the strange
coincidence that the two always fol
lowed one another within a certain
ratio. The two extremes of tempera
ture always followed one another Just
three months apart, the time it takes
for the Japan current to reach here
from Unga Island.
"I then worked out a chart showing
the temperatures of Unga Island and
the rainfall of California. This also
•was most remarkable. I found that the
higher the temperature at Unera Island
in September the heavier the rainfall
here in December. This did not fail In
• a single instance in ail the years of
which we have records.
"Of course it must be understood
that the further north the Japan cur
rent sweeps the warmer it will be at
Unga Island.
"My work in this line was only just
beginning, as I soon found out when I
began to hunt for records. A record of
temperature of Unga Island has been
maintained during the past four years,
showing that during the past year the
.winter months averaged five degreecs
higher temperature than usual. Un
fortunately there are no other records
known to exist from those islands of
■us dry years in California, ex
cept an old Russian record from Una
iviska Island. This covers the period
from 1828 to 1834, inclusive. It shows
tha* the yew 182S waß abnormally
warm, the winter months being from
two to ten degrees above the normal.
N ■ fornia rainfall records are in
existence for that period, .but in Ban
croft's 'History of California' - are
given statistics of grain yields at the
; . the coast from San Ra-
San Diego. These show general
failure of these crops at all missions in
the total yieid being but 36.000
btisivls. while the average annual
for the decade 1821-30 inclu-
Bive was 5T. 250 bushels. This
marked failure in crops in 1529 is strong
evidence of drought during the winter
of 185
"As further evidence of this propo
sition there might be mentioned the
well-known fact that the dry winters
• in California are also abnormally cold
winters and since the source of heat
which mitigates its temperature is the
ocean Bttcb a condition might be ex
pected when the sea has a lower tem
perature than usual.
"Of course there may not be anything
In all this. It may be merely coinci
dence., but I feel that it is worth while
to test. One important factor for us to
consider is the relationship that ap
parently exists between the rainfall in
California and the difference between
the sea and air temperatures near the
California coast. In g-eneral terms it is
evident that thoso months when the sea
is colder than the land (the summer
season) are our dry months, and con
versely those when the sea is warmer
than the land (the winter season), are
our rainy months. The amount of rain
fall appears to be somewhat i.ropor
tional to the number of degrees that
the sea temperature is higher than the
land. This was observed by studying
the records of water temperatures
taken by vessels off this coast ?s re
ported to the hydro-graphic office. It
was also observed by Professor George
Davidson some years ago. If by any
means we were able to distinguish those
years when the Bea temperatures would
be abnormaJly cold we might conclude
that those would be dry seasons for
Ca''fornia.
"Mj idea for mnkine: use or at lea::t
tesTiri'-r the theory would be to establish
a station on one of the Aleutian islands,
preferably a little further . west than
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES
Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods : Morning— "Nevertheless at Thy Wort I
Will." Evening— Sermon by Rev. J. <J. A.
n>*nry.
lennan Baptist, Seventeenth and Dolores
streets. I __j
Rev H. L. Dietz Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Sermon and song service.
Immanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third. w ■ I
laniilton Square Baptist, Post street, near;
Steiner. . '
i
!
Rev. J. G. Gibson
by
the
pastor.
Even-
Rev. W. C. Jenkins Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11
, o'clock.
- Church. Masonic avenue, between!
Rev. William P. Klrby
Morning— High ma-ss and sermon.
i — Vespers and benediction.
Evening •
•• " : . ■ !
t. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets. *
Father P. J. Cummins
Morning— High mass and sermon. Even- <
ing — Vespers, beni-tllction and sermon.
t Brendan's, Fremont
ttrfpts.
and
Harrison
Father Nugent
Morning— Klgh mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- •
ing — Vespers and a KrmoQ on the. Gospel. ■
t. i'.riidd's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way.
Father Cottle j
Morning— High mass and sermon on the •
Gospel, Evening— Vespers. -
■>)ur->, of Corpus Chrlsti, Alemany and
•reets.
Saleslan Fathers j
Morning— Sermon by Father Cassini. Even- <
ing — 4 o'clock, vespers and benediction. •
t. Charlea,
strepts.
Twenty-fourth and
Father Cummlngs Morntng— High ma.=s at 10:30 o'clock. Even- -
» ing— Vespers and sermon. <
!( - 8 , Bush and Steiner streets.
Father J. Pious
M'.rnlng- Celebration of the Feast of St. <
Dominic at U o'clock. Evening— Rosary <
i and sermon. <
t. Francis, Vallejo
avenue.
Father Carraher Morning — Sermon and high mass.
Bermou and vespers.
.11 Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street. ,
Rev. D. O. Sullivan
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. 'Even- <
ing — Sermon on the Gospel. <
t. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
Jesuit Fathers ■
Morning— Sermon at 10:S0, mass by Father -
H. woods. Evening— Retreat under <
Father Moeller. <
t. James,
Twenty-third
and
Guerrero
Father P. R. I^ynch
Mori. ing— High mass and sermon at 11. <
Evening— Sermon and vespers. <
Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Seanlan
Morning— High mass at 10:30.
Sermon and vespers.
Evening — ■
« Cathndral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. Prendergast, V. G
Morning— High macs
Benson and veepors.
at
11.
Evenings — <
t. Mary's Church. California and Dupont ]
streets.
Paullat Fathers i
Morning— Senson by Father Tounan at ■
10:30. Evening — Vespers and sermon. <
Patrick's, Mission street, near Third.
Father Oray
Morning— Father Lane will preach at 10:30 <
, masn. Evening— Vespers and sermon. <
" ■ ■ ■ . I
t. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Church
Father Connolly ' Morning— Sermon by the pr.stor at 11 <
i o'clock. Evening — Sermon and ve«pers.
ts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont'
!:m'"ts.
Saleeian Fathers
Morning- —High mass at 10:30 and sermon in .
! Italian Evening— Vespers. <
t. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourtli.
Father P. S. Casey
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 11. <
Evening Vespers and sermon. <
iU-so, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent
Morning— High mass and sermon • by th« <
pastor at H. — Sermon and . vea- - <
pern. _ ■ ■ . <
of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
x>s avenue.
Father Coy le
Mornincr— Sermon at high mass by Father <
Coyle. Evening— Vespers. <
Tert-aa'a, Tb I UK MOO and Butte streets.
Father Browne
Morning— High mass at 10:30. Evening— Ves- ■
j rers at 7:30. <
ur Lady. of Victories, Bush street, near
Stockton]
Marlst Fathers Morning— High mass at 10:31 and sermon in -
1 French. Evening — Vespers and sermon.
imp Merritt, Old Bay District Race Track.
Catholic Truth Society
Morning — Military mass at 7:30. Evening — <
Rosary and benediction at 7:30. <
frnt Chriatlan,
BtreetB.
Mission
and Twelfth
Rev. F. S. Ford j
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Mark Williams. <
Fifty-first United States Volunteers. <
Evening— Sermon by Rev. Shakespeare of <
Fame regiment. ,
-
■ • - .
I
■ . ■
ic-pt Side Christian. Bush street.
DerimAaro.
Rev. W. A. Gardner .-.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock.
ethnny Congregational, Twenty-fifth and
l!:irtiptt streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
lr,n service.
Ooodeil.
Evening — ■ .
Sermon by
lethlehem Congregational,
Twenty-fourth Ftreets.
Vermont
and
Rev. W. H. Tubb
Morning-- "Only Fear the Lord."
ing^-"The Chariot of Israel."
Even- .
:ichmond Congregational, Seventh avenue
,tn<l Clement street.
Rev. P. Coombe
Morning— Sermon by the pastor.
— Prayer and song service.
Evening
livpt Congregational. Seventeenth and
streets.
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Morning:— "Christ, the Church and the .
World." Eveninr— "Christian Apparel." ,
irst Congregational,
streets.
Post
and
Mason
■. G. C. Adams
Morning— "The 5 People Against Whom God
Had Somewhat." Evening— Prom-
' Ices." ■ ' '•.■■". ■ ;-: ■ .■;■ ".■ . .
Congregational, Fifteenth street, near|
Rev. William Rader
Morning— Lord's supper and reception of <
members. Evening— "The Man Who Does ■
Not Go to Church."
Congregational, Post street, near
R«v. F. B. Cherlngton
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening
— Sermon and Instruction.
'•
trace Episcopal. ' California, and Stockton
streets. '. ' ■ . ■ . J
Rev. R. C. Fout*
Morninc— Communion service at 11. Even- .
! ing— Sermon. «oug and prayer. ,
f
I'nalaska. It ought to be connected by
telegraph, of course, but If that could
not be done it would do to have a signal
station that could 'flag* the report to
passing vessels. In this way we could
get the temperatures for October and
know the position of the Japan current
so as to be able to make our calcula
tions.
"As it Is the observers we now have
In the north do not get in the October
rpjKirt until the spring of the following
year, at which time it is of little use.
It is my opinion that a telegraph sta
tion and signal service on one of the
AJ'fUtSan islands would more than re
pay for all the expense inside of a
year."
THE ROUND ROBIN
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
WHITNEY WINS THE FIRST
PHIZE FOB, MOST GAMES.
The California Club Singles Tourna-
ment Successful In Entries and
the Interest Displayed.
The "round roblr." tournament at the
California Tennis Club yesterday after
i noon attracted a great deal of attention.
Twelve matches ware played in all, and
although the tennis was not of the first
■ quality, the matches were, with few ex
| ceptlons, hotly contested. George Whit
| ney carried away the trophy offered the
winner of the tournament. He was placed
j fifteen point* behind the scratch. All
! other games were on an equalltv and were
not handicapped.
The first game was between Davis and
Whitney. Davis won, but not until a
deuce-in games set was played. The
score was 7—6.7 — 6. The second match was be
| tween McGavin and Stauf. MeGavin won
1 the set quite easily, securing enough
I games to attach the set while his oppo
i nent had but two to his credit. Harvey
| Walker crossed rackets with Kilgarrif,
i and took the latter"s measure with the
I score reading- fi — 3. McGavin won his sec
' ond game also, beating Davis B—7. The
Bet was not played according to the of
! ficial scoring, as Davis was weakened by
his hard game with Whitney. When the
! score, 7 all, was reached an agreement
was made that the winner of the next
i game should have the set.
The second game that George Whitney
i played he did not lose. Walter, his op
: ponent, felt the temper of his steel,
I Whitney not allowing him more than a
i single game. Kilgarrif beat Stauf 6-3 and
! Davis beat Kilgarrif with the same score.
Then Walter and Davis faced each other
in what at first promised to be a close
contest, but after Davis had scored three
! games Walter waded right In to the fight
and won out. Whitney beat McGavin six
games to love, and McGavin then took his
' revenge out of Kilgarrif, defeating him 6—2.
Whitney won another love set in his last
: match— that with Kilgarrif.
Averaging up the games, Whitney is
j easily the winner. Pie played four games
! and lost but one.
ELECTBIC LIGHTS IN SCHOOL.
Several of the Night Schools Have
Been Wired During Vacation.
Teachers and pupils attending the night
' schools were agreeably surprised on their
first visit to classrooms after vacation
on finding the rooms lighted by electri
city. During the vacation the School Di
rectors conceived the Idea of Introducing
incandescent lights into as many of the
ni?<ht schools as was possible. So far
H'imboldt. Richmond, Spring Valley and
Franklin have bef>n wired and the elec
tric lights introduced in place of the old
fashioned gas chancellors that have been
swinging from the ceiling since the build
ings wtp erected.
The Electric Light Company has been
instructed to place incandescent lights in
aii of the night schools as fast as the
work can be done without interfering
with the studies of the children.
The following are the night schools into
which electric lights will be Introduced
in the near future: The Business, Fair
; mount. Hamilton. Hearst. Horace Mann,
Irving Scott, John Swett. Lincoln, Mis
sion, Sheridan. Washington and Rincon,
and such othpr buildings a* may be used
as night schools in outside sections of
the city where the necessity may in the
future demand their- existence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 7, 1898.
HALES.
Jbig
wrapper
sale
TVloriclay.
2.11-silk I^oo yards of all-silk fancy
ribbon r ibbon, in a great variety,
' - ; bayadere and Roman
stripes, checks, plaids and mixed pat-
terns, reduced from 30c and 25c and
• 20c to clean-up price
v 15c yard.
WelSh 1200 yards lace stripe
£TOOdS ! dimity, and . figured ; lawns,
*f - many patterns, all reduced,
rr'J' , some from 12Jc and 10c to
Monday. 5c yard.
1800 yards plaid lappets and stripes
and shadow effects, were 15c and
12|c, clean-up price
72C7 2C yard.
5 cases of apron ginghams, in blue
and brown checks, good quality,
44 ] 2C yard.
2800 yards of percales, 36 inches
wide, in light and dark colors,
4'2C yard.
15 cases flannelettes, light and medrum
colors, the fleecy kind, in heavy qual-
ity, fancy stripes, v
7'2C yard.
table 40 damask ' table cloths, are
cloths P ure wn '* e > border all round,
2J yards long,
$1.25 each.
3-4 size napkins to match, $1.85 doz.
little fancy mohair and silk
thing's in trimm)n g braid \ and I
° inches wide, colors brown,
economy. nav y blue, gray, tan, green
yard lOc
Mohair soutache braid, 24 yards in a
piece, all shades, per piece . . . 19c
Best, quality siik soutache braid, all
shades, 24 yards to a piece. . . sOc
Ladies' satin gored belt hose sup-
porters, colors pink, blue, orange and
red, pair 12 I2Cl 2C
Dexter knitting cotton, in white, all sizes
from 6 to 24, pcr 1 ball — - 5c
.j American black pins,
|ij} best quality, b0x...4c
til- Miles' safety pins, in
|B j~^ No. 2 and No. 2H
lip*. C^-M only, dozen. .... 3c j
yp^a J&F Sport hair pins, box j
rlMiiraSiift' Fancy cabinet pins, >
$r iST b°*-~b °*-~- •••- i2c
, A /n^f^ a * P' ns ' colors, j
II /f vK dozen —..lOc
IB I, i RUI Aluminum thimbles,
IS /' I L \% each. :...lc
JfßnmrtTrtSfi^ Ourmail order dep't
'?wmm%&a6& i askB its country pa-
"^S^iiuS*^ trons to send orders
H<<W In per return. Don't
w wait. Write quickly.
See our adv't in to-day's Examiner
HALES.
"You don't know how busy Frisco is— unless you see Hate's on Monday. "
the housekeeper has to keep a firm grip on
fK^ nilTQ^ Wage spending is just as important as wage •
* tl IvZ/ pUI Oyi earning. The wife -'JSS^S^^^''' has to figure out how
to get the most for her m^ney that will be f^^^o^^^S^\ best enjoyed by those
she loves. It is as great a responsibility as \!^^^^^^^^^ a woman can h aye '
and the merchant who helps to lighten. _^<ss^' tfsgsltgs&m that res P ons 'ty
makes a name and builds up J^^r j^S^^^^S&S a b 'g business Big
business means lots of .odds . ■ Jp T . $J&a&Mtms&^ and ends, "clean-
- up's" now and again, prepar jp' ■> * MmßsS&£r**s ations for new
goods. This week we Jpf •'^^SHPSS^r c o se ou^ a ' Ot °^
Oriental m '^ammf^W laces;' we' reduce wash
goods; we M^^S*-s^^^^^^^^P start our 'gg est wra er
sale, and ffl& :V^';3y? ' \^&9* %mo^ '. "Cotton is King" for beddings,
- sheets and WK^^^^^^^Wr^ spreads ' are ' on sa!e at a '
■ price to draw • Mf^p^^ll^^P^ 1 - satisfied trade !
SBPSSL. th= wrapper sale J2S.- !
Monday at Bwe start what will undoubtedly be the biggest
wrapper sale Hale's has seen this season: we're going to clean up
our wrapper stock — over a hundred dozen go at about cost price.
New goods are on the way. and when we say clean-up It means a
washing out of profits. There are Jive lots, so plainly described be-
cause we want every woman to be satisfied.
li)T ■ 1 15 dozen Ladies' Calico Wrappers In light
lAfl * 1 colors only, lined to the waist, belt attached, QQ/,
in all sizes; regular 75c value O£/V<
I fIT 0 X dozen Wrappers In light and dark Per-
"* ■*• cale, good quality, navy blue, black, red and
light grounds; collar, cuffs and ruffle over
shoulder trimmed with imported braid; lined to £*Cbr»
the waist; finished seams; In all sizes UtFW
I ftT *i 10 dozen Fleece-back Flannelette Wrnp-
LlVl ** pers, trimmed with braid. good heavy
material; odds and ends of lines to close; In
all sizes: regularly worth and sold at $1 25 (a OQ/,
few $1 60) * OcIC
I fIT A 10 dozen black and white Percale Wrap-
»*"* ■ pers in all sizes: embroidery trimmed: ruffle
over shoulder; lined to the waist (here's where ■
profits are cut); our regular. $2 00 wrapper; <£1.Z5
cut to.. <!>■
I fIT St About 40 dozen of our Wrapper Stoc;k ..
Li V l KJ —a few of a kind In many . patterns
as displayed in our window and shown
on separate tables in our big cloak and | Q >-»cc !
wrapper department 1"O Oil
elean-ap Aracc trnt\Ac some at
In lireSS gOOfIS. half price.
Two lines of Fancy Snltings— ore a fancy Cut from
weave In blues, greens, tans. modes, red. etc.; ci no and sOe
the other a worsted broche in small,' neat de- "^•• ww ** "-* >->>-'«-
signs in reds, blues, greens, browns, 36 and Z'J *°
Inches wide. Nothing whatever the matter with Kf")r» nnH O^r*
them, only we want room for fall goods now < 3^ J^ tmu
coming In yard.
We close out our entire line of $17 80, $15 00
and $12 CO Fancy Imported Robes— in exclusive
deMjrns and no two alike— to"7V4 yards In each -.__. — >-*
robe;' In good colors; one price and that the 4K7«SIf £3Cn
clean-up price *** * " /v vt*vu
£wf thin colored cheviots. n£sr j
We now place on sale a fancy basket-weave,
good, hard, extra heavy quality Cheviot— the _,
new blues, . preen* and -i cardinals: 45 ■ inches SnC' V&Pfl
wide; one of Hale's best fabrics....... w "' v ,7 "■ *"* '
'£&&!&%? 937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St. :X e n'SM."ASt I s
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh
street.
Rev. J. A. Emery J Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon, prayer and song.
St. Luke'a, Van JCess avenue and Clay
street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
Morning-Sermon at 11.
and instruction.
Evening — Sermon
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation.
Rev. D. O. Kelley
the s
prayer.
sermon for
rmon and
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B. Spaldlng
Morning—" o'clock, holy communion; 11
j o'clock, prayer and sermon. Evening —
t Sermon and prayer.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
Rev. H. Parrish
i
Morning — Communion at 7:30. Evening —
Sermon by rector and prayer recital.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
Morning— Communion and sermon. Even-
ing — Song Bervlce and sermon by the
rector.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street.
Fill more.
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly
>mmunlon at 7:30; Litany service
en by the rector. Evening—
and sermon
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. E. Cooke
Morning— Communion at 7:30.
Sermon and service at 7:30.
Evening—
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Rev. F. W. Fischer
Morning— "The Word of. God a Looking
Glass." Evening— "Holiness the Law of
God's House."
First English Lutheran, Geary streer,
Gough.
Rev. E. Kelander
led by Four."
's Blunder."
Evening—
"A Busy
Bethel African M. E. Church. Powell street.
near Jackson.
Rev W. B. Anderson
Morning— "The Lord's Workman."
Ing — "Naboth's Vineyard."
Central Methodist Episcopal Churoh. Mis-
sion street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke jMorning— "What California Owes to FJ«neer
Preachers." Evening — "Pee*"*' With
i Spain."
First M. E. Church,
Ington streets.
Powell and
Rev. W. S. Urmy Morning — Service and instruction at 11.
\ Evening— Serinon by the rector.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce «
Morning— Exercises and address at
Evening— Sermon and song service.
11.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets.
Rev. J. N. Beard
■ Morning — Sermon by the rector.
I — Song service.
Evening
Howard Street M. E. Church. Howard
street, near Third.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Morning — White Ribbon service, to be com-
menced by Miss Ada L. A. Marcutt of
Australia. Evening — Sermon by Miss
Murcutt.
.."••T-' : - v'v ;
Potrero M. E. Church, Tennessee and Solano
streets.
Rev. D. W. Chiltion
Morning— Sermon by the rector at II. Even-
ing — Divine service and sermon.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
| Morning — Services and Sunday
' 417H Fifth avenue.
school at
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Oetavia.
Rev. C. B. Rlddtck
; Morning--Sermon In memory of the late
i • W. F. Goad. Evening— No service.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— Service at 11.
at 7:45.
Evening — Services
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church,
and Buchanan streets.
Rev. J. Stephens J
Morning — Sermor and song service.
Ing— Sermon by the pastor.
Even-
Franklin Street Presbyterian. Franklin
Vallftjo streets.
Rev. D. James
' Morning— Service at 11. Evening — Sermon
■ by the rector.
Calvary Presbyterian,
streets.
Geary and
Rev. J. Hemphlll
I Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening —
Sermon and Instruction.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Sermon and song service.
St. John's Presbyterian, California and
Octavla streets.
Rev. R. Llddell
i Morning— Sermon by E. B. Hays at 11; Sun-
i day aohoo. at S:45 o"clook. Evening— Ser-
i mon by the Rev. Mr. Hays.
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevier
Morning— "In the Witderness
Evening— "Sunshine."
Astray."
Mispah Presbyterian. Harrison street.
Fifth.
Rev. F. A. Doane
Morning— Sermon and prayer at 11. Even-
ing — Sermon and prayer service.
Howard Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak
and Baker
Rev. F. R. Farrand
Morning— Communion service.
Service at 7:45.
Evening —
8tewart Memorial U.
Btreet, near Twenty-
'. Church,
Rev. W. E. Dugan Morning — "The Power of a Look." Even-
Ing— 'What of the Peace Negotiations?"
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-r.econd and
Capp streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— Serm..n by
Indiana. Evening—
•. F. E. Knapp of
non by the pastor.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
Bter streets.
R*v. S. S. Cryor
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Sermon and prayer.
First Unitarian, Geary
streets.
and Franklin
Vjer. Dr. Stebbins
! Morning — Regular morning services re-
! sumed: sermon on "The Charity of
! Christendom in Time of War."
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp
streets.
Rev. A. J. Wells Morning— No service. Evening— "A Life of
Science."
St. Alban'B Church, 102 OTarrell street.
Rev. Erasmus Van Deerlln Morning— Choral Eucharist and sermon at
■ 11 o'clock.
Firat Church of Christ. Scientist, 223
strvet.
The Bible and Science and Health, With
Key to the Scriptures
Morning— Christian Science Bible Lessons.
Evening — Sam*.
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets.
i
Rev. Georg« C. Adams
5 p. m.— Special service* and addrass by
Dr. Adam*
■
HALES.
S- 1-*1 -* oriental laces Mr""™
We say it so often because it's. true and others cannot say It,
we buy for seven huge stores in seven c!ties-that one reason why
we buy so much closer than others For instance here s nearly
5000 yards of white and ecru Oriental Lace, part only ot big pur-
chase, now offered from 40 to 50 per cent below actual value. Wo
clean them out at these' prices:
619 yards white and ecru, 2to 4 inches wide, worth 8 l-3c Rq,
and 10c; now ...yard ***"
641 yards white and ecru, 2V4 to 5 inches wide, worth *7\r*
12»Ac; now *■; m "*
784 yards white and ecru, 3to 8 Inches wide, worth 15c; | f\r*
now IVY
1145 yards white and ecru, > 8 to 8 inches wide, worth f Ql/->
16 2-3 c ISc and 20c; now ....'.. "*2v
2012 yards white and ecru, 2to 9 inches wide, worth 22c, |PCr»
23c and 23c; now «CFw
(See display on tables In Aisle 2.)
XT4 sheets, spreads, pillowcases. tllx,
50 dozen Sheets, hemmed for three-quarter beds, size 72x90;
heavy 39c each
Hemstitched Sheets for three-quarter : and full-size beds,
hand-torn, dry ironed. 2-inch hem, 72x90. 6Oc each; 81x90
63c each: 90x90, 7Oc each; 90x99 75c each
3 cases White Crochet Spreads, hemmed and of full size
75c. 05c and $1.35 each
Colored Marseilles Spreads, large size. In new. designs .in
pink and blue $1.90 each
1 case only of full-size Marseilles Spreads, hemmed ready
for use 81.20 each
80 dozen (over 1000) Pillow. Cases, hemmed, good quality
muslin: made for us with 2-lnch hem for large size pil-
lows and all ready for use; size 50xS6 inches. ' 15c each;
64x40*4 Inches, 17c each; a choice lot of hemstitched Pil-
low Cases, extra fine muslin, 45x36... :..,■. 15c each
2£ new eiderdown flannels. .SS*5? ow
We don't, know of anything which has Just arrived which
pleases us more than these new Eiderdown Flannels. There's
a wealth of satisfaction in them and every one knows (who
has wcrn such good<;) how well they wear:
New . Eiderdown Flannels In warm . reds, delicate blues and
combinations, % width '... 3Oc yard
New Eiderdown Flannels,- %-width. In plaids (12 colorings)
.......50c yard
New Wool Eiderdown Flannels, %-wldth, 8 colorings in fancy
stripee ...;.'...-. ;... 7Oc yard
New Plain Wool Eiderdown Flannels, % and 1 yard wide
all leading shader V .....'....-. <45e yard
* ("Nothing- better for household comfort.") »•
HALES.
clean
in
oriental
laces.
millinery Fine silk roses, 3 in y'a
fIOWeP bunch, and foliage in
M i. beautiful shades of red and
Sale V pink...... 15C
Same as above, only 2 iri bunch, lOc
American Beauty roses reduced from
35c bunch to 1 5C
, And from 25c bunch to lOc
Fine French lilacs, bunch .... 25c
Fine Russian violets, bunch ]q
(A limit of 5 bunches to any one customer)
Shades of red and pink in crush
roses, bunch \ 5c
infants' Infants' crepe silk bon-
j-.fi nets, with lace ruche all
r>Viilrlr»*vn'c roun<^' ' ace rosette on
cmiaren s top regu | ar va | ue 2 5 C ,
DOnnetS. clean-up price
-.... .each 12' 2C2 C
4 Infants' and children's crepe bonnets,
• gathered crown, fancy silk ribbon
trimmed, full lace ruche all round,
* India silk strings, regular value 50c,
■ clean-up price 25c
1 Children's white India silk poke bon-
nets, several different styles, all have
silk ruffled fronts, some trimmed with
lace, regular value $1.00, : clean-up
price ..... ....... sOc
Children's poke bonnets, made of pink
and blue striped lawn, full ruffle in
front, with " : lace edge, regular value
75c, clean-up price. sOc
Infants' and children's white p^ue
French bonnets, open work embroicP^
front with lace ruche, fine pleated
ruffle with lace edge on crown, regu-
lar value 75c, clean-up price . . 48c
SEND J\fe->j- OUR t
YO(/« uWh, NEW
NAME , j?^&ATAA-OC*»
See our adv't in to-day's Examiner
o-«-o»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o-*o-»-o-*o-*o-»-o-»-c
REV. M. M. GIBSON'S WILL.
The will of Rev. M. M. Gibson, who
died on the 26th ult., in Albany, Ore., was
filed for probate yesterday.
The estate consists of a life insurance
policy of $3000; money due the deceased,
$641; library and household furniture,
valued at $500: a house and lot near Fruit
vale, Alameda County, valued at $2iC«">,
and a claim for fees as executor of the
will of John Longwell. Frances of. Gib
son, widow of the deceased, is named as
sole legatee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ofi4 + 4- 4- + 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- + 4- 4- ©
♦ +
4. "THE CREDIT HOUSE." +
4. Six Stories High. 4-
4. \DSfi 4.
wt I c*----^-TjE3ri"^^i "^
4- TT — ~" -4.
4- Odd pieces add a touch
t of the artistic to the
4- home. Here's an up- 4-^
♦ holstered Mohogany +
X Corner Chair for $4-5O J
X Comfortable . sleep for two +
4. adults in a Triumph Folding Bed. 4.
4- Out of the way in the daytime. . .4.
1- $7.25
+ Combined Bookcase and Writ- T.
+ ing Desk, for correspondence and +
♦> books you want handy by. Polish- 4-
♦- Ed Oak, just a touch of carving -f
I ................... $6.50 t
Antique Jardiniere Stand or x.
4. Tabourette— dainty for a corner. 4.
4. Rococco - shaped top. Strong 4-
4- enough for the larcrest flower pot 4-
:•••• z-i- 75c J
4. Carpet Department. 4-
"*■ A new invoice of Art Squares in "*" ~ '
varied ; patterns. Both sides • can X
4- be used. +
4- Following sizes and prices : 4- .
■♦• 9x9 feetV............... ........... J.52. 75 "♦"
4- 9xl 0j5~ feet......:.. 3.25 >
4- 9x12 feet.........;......... - 3.75 >
a ' ■-- .: ■ .\ ■ -_ ■■- .. t • . .'. - a
■ •. . ■' Free- : , delivery in Oatland. Alamcda :
4" »nd , Berkeley. / .4" T - :
t: M. FRIEDMAN & CO. X "
X _ 233-235-237 Post Street. +
■. , Near Stockton. Open Evenings. *"
f #'^>;^4:> + 4- +4r 4: 4: 4/4: 4-^0 /
HALES.